4334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
amendment proposed. The first clause pro-
vides—
That no farther subsidy in United States bonds
t-h.iU bo allowed to said Central Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company.
This company alone, of all the local railroads
built in the United States, has already received
a subsidy of $1,000,000 Government bonds,
bonds which are now worth par in gold ; so
that it has received more than any local road
ever chartered or favored by the United States.
It was intended originally to be a branch, and
was an improvident grant for a branch, of the
Union Pacific road, a grant that ought never
to have been adopted ; but having been adopted
I have no further cause to complain, except
that by the provisions of the original grant it
was expressly stipulated that it should not
exceed one hundred miles in length, and if it
extended beyond one hundred miles in length
should only have the benefit of a land grant.
II was extended one hundred miles and received
$1,000,000; so that it has been favored thus
for.
This company complains that by the act of
1806 its right to extend its road and its priv-
ilege of a land grant was taken away from it.
I have always thought that there was an injus-
tice done to this company, unintentionally, by
Congress at that time, an injustice done to it
by allowing the main road with which it was to
connect to be diverted southward or westward
rather, to Denver, instead of northward to the
one hundredth meridian. Therefore, if it had
been proposed in I860 to allow this company
to extend its road, with the usual land grant,
to Fort Kearny, there would have been no
objection whatever made to it; and I think if
any Senator here had proposed that this branch
should have the usual land grant to Fort
Kearny it would have passed without a single
objection. But no such motion was made.
They went on and built their one hundred miles
of railroad, and got their $1,000,000. Now
they say that the country is being rapidly set-
tled, and they cannot, with the ordinary land
grant, go on with the road.
The amendment next proceeds to give the
company authority to issue morlgage bonds,
which is rather extraordinary ; but 1 have no
objection to that; that is a matter for the bond-
holders. Then there is this provision :
And provided that there shallTje, and are hereby,
reserved from the grant to said Central Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company all sections or parts of
sections of land designated by odd numbers situate
within the limits of the State of Nebraska.
That is, all the odd-numbered sections of
lands which would fall to this company by the
usual grant within the State of Nebraska are
taken away from it for a purpose, and that
purpose is disclosed by the _ Senators from
Nebraska. It is the purpose, in order to com-
bine strength enough to carry this bill through,
to give the odd-numbered sections in Nebraska
to another railroad running on substantially a
parallel line.
Mr. HOWARD. No.
Mr. POMEROY. At right angles across it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the object of
reserving the odd-numbered sections? Why
can we not grant these odd-numbered sections
to this company in Nebraska? It was dis-
closed by what the two Senators from Nebraska
said yesterday. It is because the Senators
from Nebraska desire another line of railroad
to receive these odd-numbered sections. That
is the only reason given, the only reason that
can be given for this change. The result will
be, as you will see when you come to the next
clause, that the odd-numbered sections are
given to one railroad and the even-numbered
sections to the other. Let me go on:
Also anyscclions orpartsof gectionsof land desig-
nated by odd numbers, to which the bt. Joseph and
Denver City Railroad Company may become entitled
on complying with the provisions of the act of Con-
gress appertaining to said St. Joseph and Denver
City Railroad Company, approved July 23, law, and
lying within the limits of twenty miles on each side
of the route of the St. Joseph and Denver City
railroad, as now designated, and filed with the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
There is another line of railroad, a land-
grant railroad, running from St. Joseph west-
ward to Denver City, that runs parallel with this
railroad a portion of the way; how much no-
body can tell.
Mr. POMEROY. It runs to Fort Kearny,
not to Denver City.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the St. Jo road
also run to Fort Kearny?
Mr. TIPTON. It does not run to Denver,
though its name is the St. Jo and Denver
road ; but it runs to Fort Kearny.
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes it still worse.
Then there is already another grant for another
company for a road now being built from St.
Jo to Fort Kearny, almost parallel and perhaps
on the very line proposed to be granted to this
company.
Mr. POMEROY. Not on the line at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. How far from it ? I know
something of the geography of this country,
and other Senators know more than I do ;
but T have an idea of the general route from
St. Jo to Fort Kearny, and it must be very
near the line between the termination of this
road and Fort Kearny aud thence to the one
hundredth meridian. Indeed, the old termina-
tion of this road was expected to be about Fort
Kearny, as my friend from Iowa will remember
very well. They intend to go westward now
to the one hundredth meridian, which is thirty,
forty, or fifty miles west of Fort Kearny; the
precise number of miles I do not know. I ask
my friend from Iowa what the distance is from
Fort Kearny to the one hundredth meridian?
Mr. HARLAN. I think fifty miles.
Mr. SHERMAN. So here are two parallel
lines of road, and there are reserved from this
grant to the central branch all the odd-num-
beied sections, because they have already been
conferred upon a parallel road. What is then
proposed? You then substantially reserve from
this grant all the odd-numbered sections in
Kansas and Nebraska. Now, how do they
make it out? Here comes the peculiar and
extraordinary feature of this bill, which will
substantially give a body of land fifty miles
wide in unbroken line, taking the whole of the
public lands of the United States in that belt
fifty miles wide from St. Jo to Kearny, or to
the one hundredth meridian.
Mr. POMEROY. Does not the Senator
know that two thirds of it is occupied to-day
by settlers?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but the Sen-
ator makes up for the deficiency, and, as you
will sec, takes the whole.
Mr. POMEROY. Between the twenty-five
miles within those very limits two thirds of the
land has been taken up by settlers.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ Very well; then all that
is left is taken by this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. That is it.
Mr. SHERMAN. So that the Government
of the United States will not have a single acre
of land when this grant is made from St. Jo,
in Missouri, to Fort Kearny, on the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude ; and if it be true
that two thirds of this land is occupied by set-
tlers, it must be a very valuable and productive
region. Now, here is the extraordinary pro-
vision of this amendment:
Andprnvidedfurlher, That where theUnited States
have sold or disposed of any sections or parts of sec-
tions designated by odd numbers on the line of the
road of the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad
Company, and within the limits of its grants—
I have shown you that by this very bill the
United States does dispose of all these odd-
numbered sections by giving them to a road in
Nebraska and others, but this is a parallel line
of railroad—
or the same have heretofore been, or arc hereby
reserved—
That is, all the lands reserved by this bill—
or the right of preemption or homestead settle-
ment have attached to such, seetions, an equivalent
amount of lands is hereby granted to said company,
to be selected by the Secretary of the Interior from
the public lands of the United States: Provided, That
no land shall be selected more than twenty-five miles
from the line of said road.
That is, they may take the number of acres
granted by their original act of 1864 on any
part of the public land of the United States
within twenty-five miles of the line of their
road. The Senator -says two thirds of it is
already occupied, and the lands not occupied,
the odd-numbered sections, are by this bill
given to other roads; so that the entire public
land of the United States, now unoccupied or
unclaimed, including the odd and even sec-
tions, fifty miles wide, is given to this com-
pany.
Now, Mr. President, what is the amount to
be made up by this enormous grant? The
grant, according to the act of 1864, was ten
alternate sections on each side of the railroad,
or a solid body of land ten miles wide and not
less than from two hundred and fifty to three
hundred mileslong. From the terminus of this
railroad to Fort Kearny is over two hundred
miles, and to the one hundredth meridian is
over three hundred miles. So there is one
solid body of land, ten miles wide and say
three hundred miles long, given to this railroad
company anywhere within twenty-five miles of
either side of the road ; so that the result will
be that this whole vast territory will be given
away without yielding to the United States the
expense even of its survey.
1 ask Senators whether, in the face of these
facts, which cannot be disputed, it is not well
for us to pause? I have always maintained
since I have been in Congress the policy of
land grants to railroads ; but, sir, the basis of
that policy is, that while the United States
gives one section, it reserves another section
alongside of it to make up for the grant; that
we give half in order to have the other half
doubled in value. This bill not only abandons
that principle but gives the whole, one half
to one series of roads and the other half to
another series of roads. I submit to the Sen-
ate whether under these circumstances they
ought to do it. I do not think they ought. I
am willing to give to this Central Branch road
the ordinary land grants within the limits pro-
posed by the original bill whielf was considered
by the committee, reserving only (as we have
always done except in three or four exceptional
cases) the even-numbered sections. Let them
make up the deficiency caused by preemption
and other claims, not by other grants to rail-
roads, but by preemption and other claims, on a
line outside of the grant in the odd-numbered
sections; but when you go beyond that you over-
throw the whole land-grant system to railroads,
and the people of the United States will begin
to feel that they are about to be defrauded of
the entire public lands of the country. The
result will be that all the public lands will be
given to corporations to build railroads instead
of the alternate sections. It is an abandon-
ment of the only principle upon which these
grants can be justified, and will attract public
attention and public odium to the whole system
of laud grants.
With these strong convictions on this sub-
ject, I consider my duty performed when I
have pointed out these facts, and I shall vote
against the bill. The Senate, as a matter of
course, will do what they thiiffc is right and
just.
Mr. HARLAN. There is great force in the
observations submitted by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio; but every member of this
body who was a member of it in 1864 will
remember that since that time, by the legisla-
tion of 1866, a very great hardship has been
inflicted on the company that built this one
hundred miles of road. Under the law of
1862 and 1864 its road was made a branch of
the Union Pacific railroad, and had the right
to make a connection with the Kansas branch,
