1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4835
as it was called, located in the valley of the
Republican river. The law provided that if
that company should fail to build its branch
so as to give a connection with the main trunk
line this company might put in the link on
the same terms and with the same conditions,
rights, and privileges conferred on the other
company; but by a law enacted in 1866, what
was known as the Kansas branch was per-
mitted to swing around to the south and west,
so as to deprive this company of a proper con-
nection. They believe, and I think il is the
opinion of the best lawyers of this country,
that they have a right not only to the lands
granted by the law of 1862 and 1864, but to
bonds to the amount of $16,000 per mile, in
order to enable them to put in the link, to give
them a connection with the main trunk line.
Nov/, by this proposition, the coirfpany are
required to surrender what they think is their
legal right to bonds to the amount of $16,000
per mile, and take lands only.
But since 1861 another grant has been made
to another railroad company that will deprive
this company of a part of the lands that they
would have been entitled to under the law of
1864, and hence the provision in the amend-
ment proposed to this bill, that the company,
in lieu of odd sections, shall be permitted to
take the even sections north of the line divid-
ing Nebraska from Kansas. They take the
even sections instead of the odd sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. They take both. My
honorable friend will see that it is so framed
that they will take both.
Mr. HARLAN. They take, in the first in-
stance, within the limits specified, the even
sections instead of the odd sections. Then for
deficiencies, if deficiencies shall exist, as they
doubtless will, they may take any other pub-
lic lands not otherwise granted within the limits
specified.
Mr. SHERMAN. So they can take all the
sections within twenty-five miles, whether odd
or even.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly tliey can, to make
up a deficiency within the twenty-live mile limit.
Now, the question arises whether, when we are
probably bound by law to give them all the
lands contemplated by the act of 1864, and
$16,000 per mile in six per cent, bonds of the
Government, it "is not a fair compromise to
allow them to receive about the same quantity
of land that they would have received, they
obligating themselves to surrender all claim to
bonds ?
' Mr. THAYER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Iowa, for information, if he has
known in any previous land grant of the even
sections being given away with the odd sec-
tions? . ,
Mr. HARLAN. In a very few cases it has
been done.
Mr. THAYER. I do not know of any such
case.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes ; there is one case in
Kansas, one case in Minnesota, and one in
Iowa.
Mr. DRAKE. And one in Missouri.
Mr. HARLAN. And one in Missouri, where
they are permitted to take both odd and even
sections, to go as far as they may in making
up deficiencies; but those are cases entirely
similar to this, where the bulk of the lands had
been taken up in some other way in the period
of time intervening between the date of the
first grant and the date of the second grant.
It seems to me it would be no more than just
to permit this bill to pass in such a shape as to
give the company the same quantity of land
they would have received under the act of
186-1, they surrendering all right and title to
r receive bonds for the additional number of
miles of road to be constructed, to which the
best lawyers in this country believe they have
a clear right under the legislation of 1S6-, and
1864. That is all there is in the bill, -there
is no effort on the part of the Central Branch
Company to deceive anybody in the Senate.
They desire a full and frank statement of the
facts to be made, and that the judgment of the
Senate may be had on the facts.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I remember
tko history of these grants of lands for inter-
nal improvements. It goes back to an early
period. It was at first a question as to the
power of the Government to make appropri-
ations for internal improvements or not. The
Whig party, under the lead of Mr. Clay, con-
tended that there was power in the Constitu-
tion to make appropriations for the. construc-
tion of roads and other internal improvements.
The Democratic party contended that there
was no such power under the Constitution.
Finally a compromise was entered into, which
seemed to satisfy both parties; and that was
that if the Government lost nothing, if it got
as much for the lands retained as it would
have got for the whole amount of lands, if it
received $2 50 an acre for half when the other
half was given away, the question should not
be raised. On that basis the difficulty between
the two parties was allowed to subside. Mr.
Douglas, on the one hand, in the House of
Representatives, and also in the Senate, and
distinguished Whig members of both branches
of Congress on the other, agreed that as the
Government lost nothing, there need be no
decision of the question whether Congress had
the power to make appropriations for the con-
struction of internal improvements. This is
the history of the policy, as I understand it.
Now, sir, in what I am going to say on this
subject I do not wish it to be supposed that I
am opposed to the policy which the Govern-
ment has established. On the contrary, in my
opinion nothing has so contributed to the pros-
perity of Illinois, to her increase in wealth, in
population, and in power, as the eonstruetion
of her railroads by grants of public lands. I
might say, sir, that 1 was a witness of it, stand-
ing as I did years ago in the grand prairies of
Illinois, when the only sign of civilization that
I could see within twenty miles around me was
a locomotive of the Illinois Central railroad
and a few Irishmen, who were throwing up
embankments at that time on the line of the
road.
What was the effect of that policy? The
Government not only sold the reserved lands
at $2 50 an acre, thereby obtaining the whole
of the original Government price of the lands,
but the State secured settlement, population,
wealth, and prosperity. That was the effect
of those grants at that time, made with the
sanction of both parties in the country.
But, sir, so far as the present appropriation
is concerned that principle is deviated from.
" Give an inch and you take an ell," is an old
maxim. These public lands of ours were the
gift of the Almighty to a great nation, to a, free
nation, to a free Government, not only for in-
ternal improvements, but for edueationa.1 pur-
poses, for homesteads for our suffering millions
of poor people, and it will not do for Congress
to fritter them away except upon the honest
and the broad principle tkatthe Governments
to receive a lull equivalent for the lands. Here
is a bin differing from the grant to the Illinois
Central railroad and the grants to other rail-
roads throughout the country. Here is a bill
which does not merely propose to give every
alternate section, as did those grants, for six
miles on each side of the road, but which
teaches out its arms twenty-five miles north
and south, giving the company power to select
the best lands to be found in that region—those
very lands which, as 1 say, were designed for
the great purposes which I have mentioned,
which were to be an exhaustless source of
means for the purposes of education, of inter-
nal improvements, and of national prosperity.
I sympathize with every railroad which
pojnts westward; I sympathize^ with every
railroad that can be constructed in this coun-
try ; but, sir, I do not wish to see this princi-
ple deviated from. I wish the Government to
have a fair equivalent for the lands granted by
it. I do not wish to see the choicest land
within twenty-five miles of any railroad wrested
from the hands of the homeless and the pen-
niless who move oat in their wagons to occupy
that land.
I am willing to support this bill with the
reasonable restrictions which we have imposed
upon other land-grant bills; and I think I can
answer the Senator from Iowa. If my recol-
lection of the facts is correct—and I do not
know that it is—the Government has never
gone beyond a certain boundary, except where
the even sections have been taken up by set-
tlers, or in some such case as that.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, that is true in this cas
Mr. YATES. That is, the even sections
within the line.
Mr. HARLAN. That is true. Ever since
1864 it has been known to the frontier settlers
where this line of road would run, or very
nearly, and they have been taking up all the
land near the valleys of the stream, so that
there is very little of valuable land that has
not been taken up by settlers, as I am informed.
Mr. YATES. Does the Senator say that
railroad companies have heretofore been per-
mitted to go outside of the line, say six miles
on each side of the road; that heretofore there
have been any acts passed which permitted a
company to go beyond that boundary line?
He says companies were permitted to take the
even sections in place of the alternate odd
sections, as I understand.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill is of the same
character.
Mr. YATES. But this bill extends twenty-
five miles on each side of the road, which is
unprecedented, I believe, in the history of all
these railroad grants.
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, no the North Pacific
may go sixty miles.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
to say that the policy of mailing up deficiencies
of sections that are taken beyond the limits
of the alternate sections is as old as the policy
of land grants. If Senators will go back to
the statutes of 1834, 1855, and 1856, they will
find that in every case the companies had the
right to make up those deficiencies. Il is a,
part of the policy of laud grants.
Mr. IIARLAN. In every case except the
Union Pacific, which had a subsidy in bonds.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps that might be an
exception; but in all the old statutes that was
a part of the system.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask a question
in that connection. It is true railroad com-
panies have been permitted to go beyond the
prescribed limits and make up deficiencies;
but I inquire, have they not been confined to
the odd sections in making up such deficien-
cies?
Mr. HOWARD. Not in all cases. As a
general rule, that is so.
Mr. THAYER. I have inquired of a Sen-
ator who has been in this body many years,
and he informs me that if such a bill went
through, in his judgment it went through wiih-
out being understood. He did not regard the
policy as ever having been carried out of taking
both the even and odd sections.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 cannot answer as to that.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, the Senator from Nebraska states 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill (H. R. No. 986)
to abolish the franking privilege is before the
Senate, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake.]
Mr. POMEROY. I move to pass over the
unfinished business in order that we may have
a vote on this bill. It will take but a short
time to dispose of this bill; and t ask that the
franking bill may be passed over for that pur-
.pose. It will come up again as soon as this
bill is disposed of.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope tnat it will not be
