1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
the entire public, and every man had a right,
under law, to invest his property as he pleased
to manufacture that article which had hitherto
been manufactured under the patent of Rollin
White.
Now, the proposition is, after Rollin White
ha3 had a hearing, and made every effort pos-
sible to obtain a renewal of his patent, and
afrer it has become public property, and men
have invested large amounts of capital in mak-
ing preparations to manufacture the article
patented, to have the question of renewal re-
opened. If he shall have a rehearing, and that
patent shall be renewed, this capital which is
nowinvested under your laws will either become
valueless or it will be subject to the caprice of
Rollin White.
Now, I ask how this Senate, how any man
or any set of men that have any just view of
that which is right and honest, can strike a
blow which shall make valueless all such prop-
erty? That patent expired more than ten
months ago. If it can be renewed to-day by
a rehearing before the Commissioner, why can-
not Congress upon the application of any other
patentee, whose patent expired ten or twelve
years ago, open the door and renew his patent
and make valueless all the capital which has
been invested in the manufacture of the article
patented ? I cannot see any principle of justice
in allowing this question to be reopened, and
must sustain the veto of the President of the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am, as a
general rule, entirely opposed to a renewal or
extension of any patent, but having examined
this question, like the Senator from West, Vir-
ginia, I am fully satisfied that injustice has
been done to this patentee.
Mr. President, I confess that my sympa-
thies are excited in his behalf. He has been
persecuted for the last ten or fifteen years by
these rich and well-fattened companies that
have encroached on his rights, and I have no
doubt they robbed him of nearly all that he
should have received for his patent; at any
rate, the amount he has actually received, by his
own testimony here, to which I think no objec-
tion will be made. He makes a fair exhibit and
shows that he has not received $70,000 at all,
and but a little more than ten thousand dollars,
after deducting all expenses and costs of liti-
gation.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me that the
Commissioner of Patents cannot have made up
hi3 judgment upon the report of the examiner.
Every point made by the examination was in
f'tvor of the petitioner with only a single excep-
tion, and that was in relation to the evidence
being unintelligible on account of the absence
of the exhibits to which witnesses refer, and
v.'hich only makes the claim of the petitioner
for a new trial still stronger. It seems to me
that this testimony of General Dyer's, made
two days before the bill passed, ought to be
thrown out of the case. It is no more than
justice to the party to throw that entirely out
of the case; and if we do throw that out it will
take away the whole foundation of the veto.
Mr. White should not be defeated by General
Dyer. I therefore shall be compelled to vote
in this instance against sustaining the veto.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I have
heard the statement made in reference to tfiis
case, and it addresses itself to my sympathies;
but there are some difficulties in theway that
I can hardly overcome. I do not wish to say
that I approve of this veto. I doubt the pro-
priety of vetoing a private bill where there is
no constitutional question involved. But it
appears that this patentee made an application
to the Commissioner of Patents for a renewal
of his patent, and that litigation proceeded,
according to the report of the then Commis-
sioner, for two and a half years; and upon a
due consideration of the subject by the Com-
missioner he rejected the application. Now
Mr. White applies to Congress to grant to him
a new trial, and the question arises in my mind
as to whether or not Congress ought to estab-
lish a precedent by which persons who are
defeated in their applications before the Com-
missioner of Patents for a renewal of their
patents shall apply to Congress for a new trial.
I have never known a person that had a law-
suit who did not feelasthoughhewas aggrieved
in some way when he was defeated. There was
some misfortune attending his proceedings or
some difficulty which he was not able to over-
come, and so there is always complaint that
injustice has been done to the defeated party.
So far as I am concerned I .think it a safe rule
for Congress to adopt to refuse to review and
constitute itself into an appellate tribunal to
reviewthedecisionsof the courts of the country
and the decisions of the Departments.
It is said that this applicant was not able to
produce the necessary evidence before the Com-
missioner. He appears to have been repre-
sented by very able counsel, as I learn from
the letter of the late Commissioner, and the
subject seems to have been thoroughly exam-
ined. The Commissioner represents that he
understood the question, and that the absence
of these models did not disqualify him from
passing an intelligent judgment upon the ques-
tion ; and although it may be true that the
patentee did not have all the evidence there
at the time that he thinks he ought to have
had, it appears to me that he has had about
as fair a hearing before the Commissioner as
applicants generally have, and if we grant a
new trial to him there is no evidence before
Congress that he will be better off or in a better
position than he is at this time.
I say nothing upon the subject mentioned
by the Senator from Connecticut, that capital
has been invested since this patent expired in
machinery for this manufacture, which would
be destroyed if this patent were renewed. But
my chief objection to this application is that
Congress ought not to undertake to review de-
cisions of the courts and of the Departments
upon the application of defeated applicants;
for there is hardly a case that arises where
men who were defeated may not appeal to the
sympathies of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask the
Senator from Oregon——
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Oregon yield?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Oregon if he does not think
the Commissioner would have been justified in
granting a favorable hearing upon the exam-
iner's repoTt in this case? In others words,
is not the examiner's report entirely differ-
ent from the decision of the Commissioner 6f
Patents ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. That may be; but I pre-
sume this is not the first time that it has oc-
curred in the history of these applications that
the Commissioner has overruled the decision
of the examiner. It is a part of his business
to examine the reports of the examiners, and
if in his judgment an examiner makes an incor-
rect report, to overrule it; but is it the duty of
Congress to take up the decisions of the Com-
missioner, and go back and review the prece-
dents, and if it be the judgment of Congress or
of a majority of Congress that the Commis-
sioner has committed an error or made a mis'
take, to reverse his decision and grant a new
trial? Can Congress engage in that kind of
business? It seems to me that it is opening a
door hefe that we shall never be able to close,
and that it will be necessary to constitute a
part of Congress an appellate tribunal to review
these applications.
Mr. HOWARD. Miv President 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very evident that this
is going to take a long time, and I trust, there-
fore, we shall proceed with the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the bill in regard to commerce——
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will my colleague allow me
to present some morning business?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
bill introduced.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 581) to amend the bankrupt act so as to
exempt from its provisions certain interests in
life insurance policies ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask to have the following
order adopted with a view to expedite busi-
ness at the State Department:
Ordered, That tho original affidavits submitted to
the Attorney General by tho counsel of the Cubans,
and communicated to the Senato by the President on
the 20th of December Inst past, with other papers re-
lating to Cuban affairs, be taken from the tiles of tho
Senate and returned to the Department of State.
The order was agreed to.
senators froji mississippi.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that
the pending bill be laid aside with a view to
take up the funding bill, which is the special
order.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the present and all prior
orders be postponed for the purpose of con-
sidering the special order, the funding bill.
The present order is the bill in regard to com-
merce between the States, pending which the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] rises to a
question of privilege.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I inquire of the
Chair whether the Chair has information that
the bill for the admission of Mississippi has
been signed by the President ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. After delivering
a message to the Senate this morning the Clerk
of the House sent to the Secretary's desk, in
the usual form, a notification that the House of
Representatives had been informed by a mes-
sage from the President of the United States
that the President had this day approved and
Bigned the bill (H. R. No. 1096) to admit the
State of Mississippi to representation in the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I yield to the
Senator frpm Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I present the credentials of
Hon. H. R. Revels, Senator-elect from Missis-
sippi, and I ask that they be read, and that he
be sworn in.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The credentials
will be read, after which, if there be no objec-
tion, the Senator-elect will present himself to
take the oath of office; but if there be objection
the question will be submitted to the Sepate.
The Secretary read the credentials, as fol-
lows :
Executive Department, State op Mississippi,
Jackson, Mississippi, January 25,1870.
I, Adelbert Ames, Brevet Major General United
States Army, provisional governor of the State of
Mississippi, do nereby certify that Hon.H. R. Revels
was elected United States Senator by the Legislature
of this State on the 20th day of January, 1870, for the
unexpired term which commenced on the 4th day of
March, 1865, and which will end on tho 4th day of
March, 1871.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand,
and caused the great seal of the State of Mis-
Li. s.j gjggippito be affixed, this 25th day of January,
, . 1870
ADELBERT AME.-',
Brevet Major General United States jinny,
Provisional Governor of Mississippi.
By tho Governor: JAMES LYNGH,
Secretary of SUilc.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to the recep-
tion of that evidence of the election of this
man to the Senate of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware objects, and the question will be sub-
mitted to the Senate whether the oath shall be
administered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before the question
