1870.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.489
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Currency Bill—Mr. Armstrong.
Ho. of Reps
are united in their judgments and their efforts
to obtain it. Free banking, perhaps, would
bo a sufficient remedy, but until resumption
of specie payments it would be attended with
dangers which the business of the country is
not at preseut disposed to encounter; and sucli
I believe to be the judgment of this House.
Radical changes in any established system of
finance are to be deprecated unless the neces-
sity is clear. It is safer for the present to
improve that which we have.
The amendment proposes, without in the
least disturbing the banks, either in their cur-
rency or their mode of doing business, to sup-
plement the system by a mode of practical
application to the currency of the country of
the established principles of supply and de-
mand, which rules in all untrammeled busi-
ness with the happiest effect.
ll must be obvious to all, and has been dem-
onstrated by our experience, that no system
of distribution of national banking capital, in
a country so vastly extended and so diversified
in its industrial interests as ours, can be appor-
tioned on the basis of population, or even the
mixed basis of population and business, and
be so adjusted as adequately to meet the just
demands of business. Possibly it is the best
basis practicable under any system of fixed
distribution ; but it is rigid, and attended with
practical inconveniences which it should be
our earnest effort to correct. What reasonable
objection can there be to test a plan which does
not in the least disturb the banking system,
nor interfere with auy present or future mode
of funding the public debt? It adapts itself
kindly to both, and leaves the question of an
expanded currency to be determined, not by
the arbitrary judgment of a lew men, however
sagacious and wise, but by the practical expe-
riences of business.
In this manner both the lime and amount
and duration of an expansion, within the pre-
scribed limitationsof law, are sufficientlyfixed,
while at the same time there is ample safeguard
against inflation in the prompt and easy mode
piovided for retiring any excess which might
temporarily exist, and to retire which there is
a constant premium in the exchange of notes
for interest-bearing bonds, whenever the dimin-
ished uses of money sink its current value
below the interest upon bonds.
Jf this mode be practicable, as I believe it
is, I know of no reason which should preclude
the people from the right to adjust the volume
of the currency for themselves, by an adjunct
system, which, while it leaves the normal vol-
ume of the currency undisturbed, places in
their hands a mode of adjustment and regula-
tion simple, easy, and sate. Give to business
proper facilities, and let it regulate itself. If
the views of those who say that the currency
is already sufficient be sound, then there will
be no further expansion, and the bill will be
inoperative, if, on the contrary, those views
are soundest and best which recognize a neces-
sity for more currency, then will the interests
of business prompt the people to avail them-
selves of its provisions, and that in the local-
ities where it is most needed, and without dis-
turbing the volume of currency in other places.
It is true, as a rule, that currency will seek
employment where it is most needed; but this
is subject to conditions of time and place and
circumstances. The extent of our territory
and the vast diversity of our industries, modify
andoflen wholly counteract its operation. Even
at the great commercial centers both the volume
and the value of money fluctuates widely, and
while it is often abundant on call at New
York and other like points of concentration
from four to four and a half per cent., it will
command within distances of a few hundred
miles ten, twelve, fifteen, and even twenty
per cent. To allow the owner of Government
bonds at such points to return them to the
original source by express, by mail, or by
any agency in his choice, and to receive their
current market value directly and promptly
from the Government, without the intervention
of brokers and bankers, even where they are
at hand, as often they are not, and without the
delays, inconvenience, and cost incident to
ordinary exchanges, is a boon to the business
commuuity which ought not to be refused. It
will give local and prompt relief, and by tak-
ing its supply from the original source is made
wholly independent of the speculative schemes
which distract business at the money centers.
It puts the business of the country beyond the
reach of speculative interference so .far as it
depends upon currency. It takes from the
gamblers of the stock-board this agency of
their power, and renders it hazardous, if not
impossible, to create an artificial scarcity of
currency, by gathering and withholding it from
circulation, when every owner of a bond, until
the whole hundred millionsare exhausted, could
meet liis necessities for currency by direct
application to the national Treasury.
It is a mode by which such increase of cur-
rency as the business of the country needs can
be easily reached, and not one dollar beyond it.
It can lead to no inflation, for the inducement
of interest to refund in bonds any surplus of
currency will be always present and operative.
I think the facts fully justify the belief that
a reasonable increase may thus be reached
in a manner more easily controlled and better
adapted to its end by supplementing the pres-
ent banking system, with a limited, independ-
ent, convertible, and self-funding currency, than
by declaring a fixed amount of increase.
But, sir, 1 suppose I have made it sufficiently
clear that the amendment which I have had
the honor to offer does not propose a fixed and
definite expansion of the currency. That it
contemplates a possible expansion is true, but
one to be determined solely by the requirements
of business. I am satisfied that there are vast
industries in the country suffering for lack of
money facilities, andthatthis want has operated
not only in a general depression of business,
but with great severity upon the laboring classes.
There is not, in my judgment, currency enough
to effect the exchanges of the country with
proper facility. I speakfor the country, as dis-
tinguished from the cities.
The present distribution of banking capital
has given to the cities a very undue proportion
of the currency. It is greatest just where it is
needed least. The mode of business in the
city—I mean the great financial centers—and
in the rural districts is essentially different,
and requires monetary facilities adapted to its
circumstances and adequate to its necessities.
The great mass of financial business in every
large city is transacted by checks and drafts,
and cash is to a very limited extent paid over
the counter. Discounts there do not require
notes of circulation. The amount is simply
passed to credit, and, as a rule, payments are
by cheeks without the use of a dollar of cur-
rency ; while in the country the rule is precisely
the other way, and nearly all discounts are
drawn out in notes of circulation, and when the
bank ceases to have notes the general line of
discounts ceases.
For the accuracy of this statement I think I
may confidently appeal to the experience of
all within this Hall accustomed to banking in
rural districts. How vastly in this respect the
practice of banking differs in the great com-
mercial centers may be seen at a glance.
For the week ending May 28, 1870, the bank
clearancesin New York city reached the enorm-
ous sum of $576,625,521, and for the week end-
ing June 4,1870, $513,452,6157; not one dollar
of which was in notes of circulation, and it
does not include that large addition to its yol-
ume by checks and drafts upon each bank paid
by them severally at their own counters. The
statement shows not only the vast amount of
the business, but a fluctuation in one week, as
shown in this department alone, of $63,172,854.
It is estimated that not exceeding five per cent,
of the business of New York, and probably not
exceeding three, is done with notes of circula-
tion. Were its business reduced to the same
relative and proportionate use of notes of cir-
culation as prevails in the country that great
city alone would require a very large propor-
tion of the entire currency of the nation, and
its business in its present dimensions would be
simply impossible.
But, sir, I suggest to those who oppose any
measure of expansion that the limitations
and restrictions imposed render it entirely safe
against the dangers of inflation. It is made
dependent upon the law of supply and demand.
If business requires the currency to expand,
why should it not expand? If business does
not require it, there will be nothing to set the
provisions of the bill in motion; and it will
remain a continued demonstration that we have
currency enough, and silence the clamor for
more.
My own convictions are that the currency
has not at any time been unduly expanded,
and that it would be safe to expand it by a direct
and positive increase now; but a safer mode
lies, as I believe, in the provisions of this bill—
to refer the question to the established princi-
ples of supply and demand.
Upon the question of expansion it is not of
much value to compare the currency before
the war with what it was after the war had
infused its energies into all the pursuits of life.
The nation leaped at one vast bound from its
timid, hesitating, and uncertain pupilage to a
consciousness of its power, and entered upon
the development of its resources with an en-
ergy and success which dwarfed its previous
experiences. To theastonishmentofourselves,
as of the world, we endured the drain and hard-
ships of the war and grew strong amid its buf-
ferings. Wo prospered in every material devel-
opment, and I believe that to nothing were
we more indebted than to the facilities afforded
by the increased volume of the currency. It
stimulated industry, it is true, to an unpre-
cedented degree; but we look in vain for the
evidences of any excessive, undue, or redund-
ant production. Prices were high, because
there was excessive demand for labor and for
food, and for every production of labor. There
were those who called it inflation because they
measured prices in gold, when gold had itself
become a speculative commodity of the market
and had ceased to be the standard of values.
In 1864 the Comptroller of the Treasury thus
sums up the operations of the gold market in
New York:
" In January, 1862, gold in Jf ew York was at a pre-
mium of one and a half per cent. It boon fell to one,
from which it rose on the 10th of Ootobcr t,o thirty-
seven, and closed on the 31st of December at thirtv-
foar. On the24th of February,1863, it hadadvanced
to seventy-two and a half, but on the 26th of March,
favorable news having been received from the South-
west, it went down to forty and a half: but in twelve
days, on the receipt of less iavorablo intelligence
from that quarter, it went up to fifty-nine and a. hall.
A few days after, upon the report of the iron-clad
attack upon Fort Sumter, it fell to forty-six ; and
on the rcceipt of the intelfigenco of the surrender of
Port Hudson to twenty-three and a half. On the 15th
of October it rose to fifty-four, but icached no higher
point during that year,
"On the 1st of January, 180-1, it opened at fifty-
two ; went up to eighty-eight on the 14th of Auril,
and fell to sixty-seven on the 19th of the same month.
On the passage of the gold bill, June 22, it rose to one
hundred and thirty, and fell the next day to one
hundred and fifteen. On the 1st of July it was forced
up to ono hundred and eighty-live; but on the day
following—tho gold bill having been repealed—it fell
to one hundred and thirty. On the 11th of tho same
month it went up again to one hundred and eighty-
four. On the 15th it fell to one hundred and forty-
four; and after various fluctuations dropped on the
26th of September to eighty-seven—thus rising be-
tween the 1st of January and the 1st of July, 1S64,
from fifty-two to one hundred and cightv-five, and
falling between the 1st of July and the 26th of Sep-
tember from one hundred and oighty-five to eighty-
