1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
244?
Senate as to taking up the subject which I have
mentioned.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The suggestion
I have to make is that his proposition would
have been quite in place before the Georgia
bill was taken up, or it would be in place to-
morrow when it is understood several Senators
will bo absent who wish to be present at the
voting on the Georgia question. Now, 1 sug-
gest that as the Georgia bill is before the Sen-
ate it is advisable for us to proceed with it, at,
least to-day, to see if we cannot reach at least
one vote, and then when we come together to-
morrow, if that bill is not in any measure dis-
posed of, if it is still pending, it may give way
to the bill of the Senator from Ohio, and for
the reason that there will be Senators absent
whom we should all be glad to accommodate.
It seems to me that the proposition I make
would harmonize the public business, and I
suggest to my friend from Ohio that he with-
d raw his proposition for to-day with the under-
standing that it willbe renewed to-morrow. Ho
will then have Thursday and Friday at least for
the consideration of that interesting question.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
t fate that the pending proposition is the motion
of the Senator from Maine to postpone the pres-
ent and all other orders until to-morrow tor the
purpose of considering the deficiency appro-
priation bill.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if my expe-
rience in this body has taught me anything it
is fhat there is absolute economy of time in
finishing a measure before it is laid aside.
Where a measure like the Georgia bill, that
excites interest and discussion, is postponed
from time to time, when it comes up anew it is
a fresh question, and the debate is apt to take
nearly as long when it is begun the second,
third, or fouith time as it would have done if
ii had been continued and finished at first. I
believe that much time will be wasted if we lay
the Georgia bill aside now, and time is becom-
ing very valuable to the Senate. We do not
want to stay here all summer. [ think much
time will be lost by this postponement of the
discussion. I think true economy now is to go
oil and finish She Georgia bill before we take
ii;) anything else.
Mr."EDMUNDS. That U entirely right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have regretted very
much that this Georgia bill has been pushed
aside from time to time. Of course I acquiesce
always in any decision which a majority of the
Senate may make. Wo were very anxious to
have the Georgia bill disposed of; I was, cer-
tainly, as having charge of it. It, was brought
promptly into the Senate from the Judiciary
Committee when it came herefrom the House
of Representatives. It is a House bill; but
for reasons which were controlling with a ma-
jority of the Senate, instead of passing the
Georgia bill as it came from the House, or act-
ing upon it, coming to a vote upon it, first with
one motion and then with another it has been
pushed out of the way. Senators have seemed
to desire to postpone it to everything else.
J wish the country to understand the facts,
as it has gone out to the country that the
proclamation of the Secretary of State pro-
nouncing the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment was delayed by reason of some action
of the Judiciary Committee. Why, sir, the
Judiciary Committee reported the Georgia
bill back a month ago, and every day when
it could be done without offense to the Senate
they have pressed upon the Senate its consid-
eration, and bad the Senate adhered to this
bill the ratification of the fifteenth amendment
■ by the State of Georgia would have been had
before the Texas bill reached us at all. ft
was in advance some weeks of the Texas bill,
and we could have had the proclamation issued
weeks earlier than it was issued.
Now, a proposition is made to postpone it
again. In my judgment it is a matter of the
very greatest importance that we should act
upon this last State. I am, for one, very de-
sirous that we should make an end of this sub-
ject of.reconstruction, that we should be done
with the questions growing out of the war; and
this is the last Stale.
I hope, Mr. President, that the Senate will
adhere to this Georgia bill until it is disposed
of, and not sufl'er it to be put aside first by one
thing and then by another—to go into execu-
tive session one day, to take up the Texas bill
another day, to take up the internal revenue
bill, or the bill to continue the income tax. I
should feel very much disposed, so far as I am
concerned, to allow the Senator from Maine to
finish his deficiency bill, because there is great
force in what the Senator from Ohio said, that
the committee having charge of the appropria-
tion bills have always had and ought to have
precedence in the Senate to bring up those
measures, because the public service, particu-
larly in regard to a deficiency bill, requires
early action. If I thought we could get through
with the deficiency bill in the course of an hour,
I should think it better perhaps to let that go
on. But now the motion is to postpone the
Georgia bill and put it out of the way. I should
be willing myself to let the Georgia bill be
passed over informally, say for an hour, and
see if we cannot finish the deficiency bill; but
1 hope it will not be postponed to take up an
internal revenue or tax bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois asks that the pending order be inform-
ally passed over to proceed with the consider-
ation of the deficiency bill.
Mr. HOWARD, it seems to me that we
had better proceed with the Georgia bill. There
is great force in the remark of the honorable
Senator from Indiana that whenever we post-
pone that bill, as we have done heretofore very
frequently, it gives rise to a renewal of the
general debate upon it. If we follow up this
practice there is no telling at what time we
shall come to a conclusion of the debate upon
that bill. We have now been in session for
four months, and in all human probability the
session is more than half closed. I think we
had better proceed and dispose of that import-
ant bill before anything else intervenes. Let
lis finish it in some way and not permit it to be
dragging its slow length along in the Senate
during the whole session, and perhaps, at the
end of the session remain unacted upon still.
I hope we shall proceed with the Georgia bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to try the value
of the working of the new rule, to see if we
can come to a vote as to what we shall do
without spending all day in debating it, and as
I am willing to have the Georgia bill passed by
in order to finish the deficiency bill, (because
what has been said about the precedence of
the Appropriation Committee is right as mat-
ter of practice,) I move to pass over the Geor-
gia bill, under the new rule, which leaves it in
its place on the Calendar but gets rid of it for
the time being. Then I shall move to pass
over the next business that will come up, and
then the next, and we shall reach the defi-
ciency bill in a minute.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont moves to pass over the Georgia bill,
v/hich is a motion that does not permit of
debate under the new rule. The Senatorfrom
Michigan has risen for some purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is not the motion de-
batable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, under
the new rule ; which provides that—
" The following motions shall be in order at any
time as privileged motions, save as against a motion
to adjourn or to proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business, to wit:
"1. A motion to pass over the pending subject,
which, if carried, shall have the effeet to leave such
subject in its existing place on the Calendar for
action at the next call of the Calendar.
"2. A motion to place such subject at the foot of
the Calendar."
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope we shall not pass
over the Georgia bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I rise to ask a question of
the Chair for information. Would a motion
to postpone the Georgia bill to a day certain
take precedence of this motion to pass over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not
under the new rule. The new rule gives the
motion to pass over priority of all other mo-
tions except a motion to adjourn or to proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DRAKE. On the motion to pass over
I cali for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Georgia bill
come up immediately afterward if this motion
carries?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It stands at the
head of the Calendar if it is passed over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will come up as soon
as we finish the deficiency bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill
will be the North Pacific railroad bill, which
is also a special order, and the next one will be
the bill in regard to the franking privilege, which
is the third special order; and these special
orders have priority as the Chair names them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the Georgia bill stands
at the head of those.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This stands at
the head, unless the Senate after passing this
over should proceed to the consideration of the
bill in reference to the Pacific railroad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall pass that over,
and come to the deficiency bill in a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will depend
on the vote of the Senate. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds,] and the Secretary will call
the roll.
Mr. WILLEY. I am requested to state that
my colleague [Mr. Borkmas] was called home
at the end of last week.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 32, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Casserly, Oat ['ell,
Cole, Corbctt, Davis. Edmunds, Fowler, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howe, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, X'ool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stockton,
Thayer, Vickers, Warner, Willey, Williams, and
AVilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Conkling. Drake, Fenton, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard, Howell, John-
ston, Morton, Osborn, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and Trumbull—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, ISayard, Boreman,
Cameron, Cragin, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Norton, itev-
els, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, and Yates—18.
So the motion of Mr. Edmunds was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Georgia bill
is passed over; the North Pacific railroad bill
is now before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 move to pass over that
bill.
Mr. HOWARD. T hope not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe it is in order to
move to postpone all prior orders with a view
to take up the deficiency appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a debatable mo-
tion, but I presume no Senator will desire to
debate it. I move that all other orders be
postponed with a view to take up the deficiency
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Move to pass them over.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to pass over the present and
all other orders for the purpose of proceed-
ing with the deficiency bill, leaving the other
orders in their places on the Calendar.
Mr. HOWARD. Shall we not be obliged
to go through with the Calendar before these
orders can be reached again? I so under-
stand it. . m
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, sir. _ The
Senate having passed over the Georgia bill, if
they pass over the rest of the Calendar it "will
leave the Calendar exactly in its present con-
dition after the deficiency appropriation bill
shall have been disposed of.
