186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
191
else tends to repudiation. That only has refer-
ence to the interpretation of the law. But on
this matter of repudiating this debt, wiping it
out: the man who would wipe out the bonded
debt would wipe out the greenbacks also, for
they are all a debt alike; and J ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts if I do not speak the
truth on that subject?
Mr. DAWES. It was because I thought the
gentleman was in a mood to tell the truth that
1 put the interrogatory.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FITCH. I cannot yield for discussion.
I will yield to gentlemen on the Democratic
side of the House for one-minute speeches for
the purpose of expressing their views. I will
yield now to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, this
seems to be a day of general confession.
[Laughter.] I ask that the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Fitch] will give me time enough
to make my confession.
Mr. FITCH. I will yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward.] I suppose that will bo time enough
for his purpose.
Mr. WOODWARD. It happened to me to
bo a member of the supreme court of Pennsyl-
vania when the Republican county of Allegheny
and the Republican city ofPittsburg repudiated
their most honest and most righteous debt. The
commissioners of that county and the authori-
ties of that city were summoned before our
court to state why they did not levy the neces-
sary taxes to pay the intereston that debt. It
fell to my lot to write the first opinion that was
ever written in Pennsylvania against these
repudiators. _ Other opinions in other cases fol-
lowed. We imprisoned these county commis-
sioners—the commissioners were imprisoned
for one whole year in jail.
Mr. WARD. Served them right.
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir; they were
kept in jail for one whole year before they
would surrender to our authority. It was a
fierce struggle between the judicial authorities
of the State and the Republican party. [Laugh-
ter.] And the judicial authorities of the State
finally triumphed over the repudiation of the
Republican party in that instance. Well, sir,
on the '25th of February, 1802, a Republican
Congress passed an act declaring that green-
backs, worth then about sixty cents on the
dollar, should be a legal lender in payment of
debts in direct and palpable violation of a pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States,
and to the utter repudiation of one third of the
whole indebtedness of this wide country.
Against that instance of repudiation my soul
and all that was within me rebelled. And I
improved the earliest opportunity when I be-
came a member of this House to offer a reso-
lution instructing the Committee on the Judi-
ciary of this House to bring in a bill to repeal
that law as a disgrace to the country and the
age; and I am obliged to say that that com-
mittee has never yet reported on my resolution.
Mr. MYERS. And I hope it never will.
Mr. WOODWARD. It was a Republican
Congress in which'I offered that resolution; it
was a Republican committee to whom the reso-
lution was referred, and it is a Republican who
now says that he hopes the committee never
will report on that resolution. That resolution
contemplates a gradual repeal of the legal-
tender act, in order to let down the country
gradually.
There was another instance of repudiation.
A Republican Congress and Mr. Johnson sig-
nalized themselves by requiring every southern
State before it could be admitted into the Union
to repudiate her debt, teaching them repudia-
tion according to the Republican code of mor-
als. And I know men in the South who will
tell you that there never has been in their per-
sonal experience so disgusting and disgraceful
a necessity as that which compelled them to
repudiate their debts.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman refer to
the confederate debt?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes; to their own debt.
Mr. DAWES. Well, that must have been
painful to them.
Mr. WOODWARD. It was their own debt
and they felt bound by it as men of honor.
Again, this Government contracted with the
soldiers of the Army to go out and fight that
war on a specie basis. The Government has
repudiated that contract and paid their soldiers
and their widows in a depreciated currency,
and are doing so at this day. These instances
of repudiation and others that I might allude to
have had the effect of setting me like flint
against repudiation and repudiators. Possibly
I might have been converted by the argument
of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Musses,] Borne
of whose views I believe are very just, had it
not been for these and other instances of repu-
diation which have been forced upon thecountry
by the Republican party. I look forward to the
time when the Republican party of this country
will be in favor of repudiating the national debt,
and I may at some future day have to stand up
in defense of the plighted faith and good credit
of the country against the Republican party,
as I did in the State of Pennsylvania against
the Republican repudiators of the county of
Alleghany and the Republican repudiators of
the Republican city of Pittsburg.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask a single
question of my colleague [Mr. Woodward] in
relation to repudiation in Alleghany county.
Mr. FITCH. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want my colleague to
do justice to the people ofPittsburg and Alle-
ghany by saying that it was not a part repudi-
ation but that both parties were divided on the
question ; that candidates were run in favor of
repudiation, and that someofboth parties voted
for them, and that others of both parties voted
against them.
Mr. WOODWARD. To a great extent that
was the fact. Our friend, General Moorhead,
who was a member of the last Congress, could
not get elected to Congress until he turned
repudiatorand ran upon the repudiation ticket.
It was necessary for him to stump the county
as a repudiator before he could secure his
election.
Mr. FITCH. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
after the remarkable speech to which this com-
mittee lias just listened, and the denunciations
of its doctrines by so many members of his
own party, it seems to me a proper and fitting
moment to set the seal of our condemnation
upon this and all such propositions. I there-
fore ask that the Committee of the Whole do
now rise and report to the House for immediate
action the following resolution :
Resolved, That the proposition, direct or indirect,
to repudiate any portion of the debt of the United
States is unworthy the honor and good namo of the
nation, and that this House, without distinction of
party, hereby sets the seat of its condemnation upon
any and atl such propositions.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The com-
mittee has no power to make such an order as
that suggested by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It can be done j
by unanimous consent. [
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection. J
Mr. BURR. Unless the resolution is to be i
considered open to amendment I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe I have i
the right to offer this resolution in committee. \
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Was it not i
agreed by order of the House that no further j
business should be done to-day, either in Com-
mittee of the Whole or in the House? ;
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. SHANKS. I think these proceedings
are adding more importance to the speech of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mcngen*] than
he could possibly have given it himself.
Mr. FITCH. I yield thirty seconds to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan.]
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Chairman, will the
gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] yield me
the floor for five minutes?
Mfr. FITCH. I cannot.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for one minute?
Mr. FITCH. No; I cannot yield further.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for thirty seconds ?
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir ; but for no longer.
Mr. MORGAN. Then, sir, in that thirty
seconds I will conclusively prove that the
Republican party of the United States stands
irrevocably pledged to the doctrine of repudi-
ation. In the very midst of the late war, dur-
ing a period when the Republican party had
control of the legislation of every State adher-
ing to the Union, by solemn legislative enact-
ment every adhering State repudiated one half
of the interest on their State debts ; for which
they were bound to pay the interest in gold, they
paid it in greenbacks, when, in consequence of
their maladministration of our public affairs,
greenbacks were only worth fifty cents on the
dollar.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Massachusetts
did not. She paid her interest in gold.
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, she was the single
exception; but Ohio, our own state, by the
action of its Republican Legislature did repu-
diate by paying only one half of the interest
due on her debt.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes; unhappily,
Ohio did.
Mr. COX. New York did not repudiate the
interest on her debt.
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir, New York did.;
and that, too, by the action of her Republican
Legislature.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The Demo-
cratic party of New York did not repudiate.
Mr. COX. In New York the Democratic
party, with Seymour as governor, paid the in-
terest in gold ; but the Republican Legislature
afterward paid it in paper.
Mr. MORGAN. I spoke of the State and
the action of its Republican Legislature, and
not of the Democratic party. Then, sir, let it
not be denied that the Republican party in
every State of the Union stands committed to
the doctrine of repudiation.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman from
Nevada yield to me ?
Mr. FITCH. I cannot yield further.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Nevada declines to yield further.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Chairman, before pro-
ceeding to a discussion of the subject on which
I was about to address the House let mo say
that it affords me great pleasure to have had
it in my power to give the exponents of tbf-
Democratic party of the country an opportu-
nity to come to confession. I trust the senti-
ments elicited will have a beneficial effect upon
| the finances of the country, and hope they will
j work no injury even to the Democratic party.
[ Mr. Chairman, it will not be questioned that
; political existence of the republic of Cuba
j would be promoted by its admission to belliger-
I ent rights and possibly secured by a recognition
of independence at the hands of the Govern-
ment of the United States. It will not be
doubted that most of the members of this House
desire that the people of that island may achieve
the liberties they seek. I hope it is not assum-
ing too much to say that should this sentiment
of sympathy for Cuba find expression in the
passage of resolutions or other appropriate
action by both Houses of Congress, the Ad-
ministration, notwithstanding its recent atti-
tude, as expressed in the message of President
Grant, will feel authorized, if not directed, to
recognize at least the belligerency and possi-
bly the independence of Cuba.
Of the leading objections to such action by
the Government in behalf of Cuba I now pur-
pose to speak. Gentlemen will perhaps par-
