1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
comes up as to whether the oath shall be admin-
istered there may be other questions arising
in the case, and there will be other questions
which arise in the case. At this particular
stage of the proceeding I submit that a cer-
tificate of a military officer, a provisional gov-
ernor, that this man has been elected to the
Senate of the United States is not such a cer-
tificate as is required by law as evidence of an
election.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware did not state so that the Chair
exactly understood the point he made. If he
objects to the reception of the paper that ques-
tion will be submitted, as the primary question,
to the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to the recep-
tion of the paper on the ground that it is not
such a certificate of election as is required by
law, being a paper signed by a military officer
who styles himself "provisionalgovernor."
Mr. STEWART. I call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that the certificate of the
Senators from Virginia were signed by the pro-
visional governor of that State. If the point
is that there is a want of capacity on the part
of the provisional governor to certify, I will
say that it has been done in several instances.
The certificates, I believe, of most of the Sen-
ators from the reconstructed States were signed
by provisional governors, and thoss elections
took place previous to the admission of the
States. We all know they had provisional
governors.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The evidence ought to
come from the Legislature itself that it has
elected a person to be a member of this body,
because he can only take his seat in the body
by virtue of a valid election by a valid Legis-
lature. Now, you have no evidence at all emi-
Dating from that Legislature that it has elected
any person as a member of this body; but you
have a certificate from an individual styling
himself a military officer and provisional gov-
ernor that the Legislature has done certain acts.
I submit, Mr. President, that it is not in form
or in substance such a certificate of election to
this body as should be received by the body
itself. How easily might any person style
himself a military officer, and by virtue of his
military power, by virtue of his claim to be a
provisional governor, undertake to send men
to the Senate ? Sir, no provisional governor
can send a communication to this body, for
•uch an officer is unknown to the Constitution
and Government of the United States. If
there is not a Governor of the State and a
Legislature of the State that can either sepa-
rately or unitedly give a certificate properly
evidencing an election to this body, 1 submit
that no person being a provisional governor
can give such a certificate; and I further sub-
mit that the evidence of the election must come
from the Legislature itself, and from no other
body, and that you have no evidence on the
face of this paper that the Legislature have
elected any person as a Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator give way
for a moment until I present papers in the case ?
Mr. DRAKE. Papers in this case ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. I yield.
Mr. WILSON. I send to the Chair the offi- j j
cial proceedings of the house of representa- jj
tives and of the senate of the Mississippi j!
Legislature in this election certified to.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President  I
Mr. POMEROY. Let these papers be read. |;
Mr. DRAKE. N®, sir. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator !
from Missouri declines to yield. i
Mr. DRAKE. I prefer to go on. These !
papers are entirely unnecessary here. The
objection made by the honorable Senator from
Delaware has no force in it at all. The act of ,
Congress of July 25, 18G6, requires that the
Governor of the State shall certify the elec- 1/
tiou of a Senator. It does not say that the
evidence shall come from the Legislature.
The third section of the act of July 25, 1800,
entitled "An act to regulate the times and
manner of holding elections for Senators in
Congress,'' is as follows:
" That it shall be the duty of tho Governor of tho
State from which any Senator shall havo beou choson
ns aforesaid to certify his cloction, under the seal of
the State, to the President of tho Senate of the United
States, whioh certificate shall be countersigned by
tho secretary of State of the State."
That is the source from which the certificate
is to come to this body. I objected, therefore,
to waiting to have these other papers read, for
the simple reason that wo have before us the
certificate of the Governor of Mississippi,
" provisional" though he may be called and
may call himself, the very evidence which our
own law requires to be furnished to ns of tho
election of this Senator. Whether the man
signing this certificate is entitled to be Gov-
ernor, whether ho is entitled to use the great
seal of the State, whether he is entitled to cer-
tify this election in his official character of
Governor, is a thing that we aro not to go into.
The great seal of Mississippi settles that mat-
ter. No man but the Governor, acting as Gov-
ernor, can use that seal, and the existence of
that seal upon the paper imports all that is
necessary to enable the man to use it as Gov-
ernor, whose signature as Governor is there
appended.
For these reasons I consider that as to the
reception of the paper on the ground of its
official character there is nothing in the re- ,
marks of the Senator from Delaware that ought
to delay its reception ou that ground.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Now, Mr. President,
taking the honorable Senator on his own ground,
we all know the fact that there is a Governor in
Mississippi who is not this person; at least the
papers have stated to us the factthata Governor
has been elected under the laws and constitu-
tion of Mississippi, and that Governor is named
Alcorn. He is not a military officer. I submit,
upon the ground which the Senator takes him*
Belf, that the real Governor of the State, the
man who is Governor under the constitution
and laws of the State, has not certified. I did
not hear whether that certificate was counter-
signed by the secretary of State.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; it is.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then, upon the Sen-
ator's own ground, the Governor of Mississippi,
elected according to the laws and constitution
of the State of Mississippi, has not certified as
the Senator says is necessary to be certified.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Delaware to inform the Senate
whether he has official or other information
that Governor Alcorn has been installed as
Governor of the State of Mississippi. If he
has not that information, the objection that he
makes does not seem to me to possess force.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only object of a cer-
tificate is to satisfy the Senate that the person
named in it has been properly elected. The
law prescribes the time and manner of electing
United States Senators, and makes it the duty
of the Governor to certify the fact of the elec-
tion to the President of the Senate. But sup-
pose the Governor should fail to certify the
fact of the election at all, that would not pre-
vent the person elected by the Legislature
from taking his seat when the Senate was sat-
isfied that an election had been duly had. I
understand that the Senator from Massachu-
setts has here an authenticated copy of the
records of the Legislature, showing the elec-
tion itself, which would be better evidence i
than any certificate. The law makes it the
duty of the Governor to give this certificate, :
and I notice this certificate itself is not very
full. I think it would be better, as a matter
of form, for the Governor, in giving such a cer-
tificate of electiou, instead of saying that the
party was elected, to state that he was elected j
on a certain day. On the second Tuesday ;
after the Legislature assembles and is organ- i
ized the two Houses vote separately, and the
next day they confirm the election in joint con-
vention. Strictly, I think the certificate should
state those facts; but that is a mere matter of
form. It is within my recollection since I have
been a member of this body that Senators have
been sworn in without any certificate at all. I
recollect on one occasion a Senator from the
State of Kentucky was here, but he had not
received his credentials, or they had been mis-
laid. He did not have them with him; but
the fact of his election to the Senate was no-
torious, known by every one. The fact waa
stated to the Senate, and tho oath was admin-
istered to him without his credentials being
presented. That was the case of Mr. Critten-
den, I think. It is within my recollection, and
probably it is within the recollection of some
of the members present. All that the Senate
wants is evidence of the fact of the eleetion;
and I think we can settle this matter in a
moment by having the papers winch the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has submitted read.
They will settle the whole question.
Mr. WILSON. I have sent those papers
to the Chair, and I call for their reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope those papers
will be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Clerk's Office
House of Representatives,
January 25, 1870.
Sib: I have tho honor to inclose tho proceedings
of tho house on tho 20th instant rclativo to the elec-
tion of a United States Senator for tho term which
will expire on the 4th March, 1S71.
Bo kind enough to lay tho papers before the pro-
visional governor for his consideration.
Very respectfully,
ROBERT J. ALCORN,
Clerk of the House.
Captain William At wood, Actinp Assistant Adrutnnt
General, fourth military district. Jackson, Missis-
sippi.
nintu day's pbocekding3.
Extract fromthe journal ofthe houseof representatives.
Legislature of Mississippi.
January 20,1870.
The clerk of tho house was instructed to inform
tho senate that the house was ready to proceed to the
election of a United States Senator.
The house met in joint eonvontion.
President of the senate in the chair.
Tho journals of both houses of yesterday, so far as
they related to the joint convention, wore read and
approved.
Senator Pierce withdrew the namo of J. W. Vance.
The convention then proceeded to vote for a Sen-
ator to fill the unexpired term, which commenced on
the 4th of March, 1865, and which will terminato 4th
March, 1871, with the following result:
For II. li. Bevels.
Senator*—Messrs. Abbott, Caldwell, Gartman,
Qibba, Gleed, Gray, Hancock, Leachinan, Little,
Millsaps, Mygatt, Packer. Paine, Pierce, Rushing,
Sboup, Smith, Stringer, Sullivan, and Warner.
Representatives—The Speakor, Messrs. Barrows,
Boufden, Bowles, Cabell, Campbell. Carrin ston,
Charles. Clarke, Coggesball, Davis, Foley, Footc,
Foster, French, Go wan, Griggs, Handy, Hatch, Head,
Henderson, Higgins, Hodges, Holland, Holmes,
Howard, Hudnall, Jacobs, Johnson, Jones of Mar-
shall, Landon, Lewis, Loomis, Lynch, Mayson, Mc-
Nees, Mitchell of Holmes, Moore, Morgan, Newtora,
Morris, Osborne. Owings, Parker, Piles. Quinn,
Roane of Pike, Scarborough, Suowden, SDCIman,
Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Taylor, Walker, Warren,
White, Whiting, Willing, Wilson, and Wood of
Yazoo—81.
For Abel Alderson.
Messrs. Johnson, Miles, Revels, Stone, Balch, Boyd,
Buebanan, Hemmingway, Herbert, Langford, Mis-
ter, Owen, Phillips, Pitman, and Stiles—15.
For Featherstone.
Senators Dunoan, Hardy, and Seal.
House—Mr. Mitchell of Pontotoc—4.
For W. L. Sharlcey.
Senator Castles and Mr. Boulton—2.
For J. Marshall Stone.
Senator Strlcklin and Mr. Wells—2.
For Amos li. Johnson.
Messrs. Collins, Currie, and Hunt—3.
For Robert Loxory.
Messrs. Hartfield and Jones of Yalobusha—2.
For Hiram Oassidy.
Messrs. Gillis, McLeod, and Sessions—3.
For —— Brantley.
Maim. Conner and Hart—2.
