4336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
passed over or laid aside, but that we shall
proceed with it,
Mr. POMEROY. It will come up again as
soon as we take a vote on this bill,
Mr. THAYER. I object to the passing
over, if an objection will avail.
Mr. THURMAN. Is the motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
Senator from Kansas moves to pass over the
bill to abolish the franking privilege, for the
pnrpo.se of continuing the consideration of the
bill now before the Senate.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 25, noes 12.
Mr. THAYER. I call for tlie yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I will simply state thai
my motion is merely to pass over the bill to
abolish the franking privilege informally, and
it will come up again as soon as the vote is
taken on this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Boreman,
13iowjilow, Buckingham, Cole, Curljctt, Oilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hums, Howard, Kellogg, MeTion-
akl, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osbom, Pomeroy, llice,
Stewart. Sumner,Tipton, Williams, and Wilson—2t.
NAY8— Messis. Chandler, Davis, Ferry, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howell, Mc-
Crcery. Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, llamscy, Schurss,
Scott, Sheiiuan, [Spencer, Sprasue, Thayer, Thur-
wnin, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, amlYatos—21.
A liSliNT—M essi s. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron, Car-
penter, Casserly, Cattell. Conklmg, Cragm, Drake,
Ildmunde, denton, Flimarmn, L''owler, llowc, John-
ston, Lewis, Morton, Norton, Patterson, l'ool. Hov-
els, Robertson, Jioss, yaulsbiu y, Sawyer, Stockton,
and Warner—27.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois is entitled to the floor,
Mr. YATES. Of course I do not wish to
be presumed to be so ignorant as not to know
that the Union Pacific railroad and all our
Pacific railroads were exceptions to the policy
which, as I said, has governed the country in
the past. 1 knew that grants of land for
many miles on each side had been granted for
the construction of the Pacific railroad; but
that was an exception to the policy which had
been heretofore pursued by the Government.
That was an exceptional ease ; and why ? Be-
cause it was a road which required an immense
outlay of capita!; because it crossed mount-
ains covered in the winter with snow; because
it crossed "the American desert," the alkaline
region where nothing can bo cultivated; and
the Government, for the great purpose of con-
necting the Atlantic with the Pacific, and to
induce capital to undertake that immense and
magnificent enterprise, made extraordinary
grants for the construction of the Pacific rail-
road. Thai was entirely proper. Nobody has
objected to it.
Sir, let any Senator on this floor pass from
Omaha, on the Missouri river, across those
broad plains and those majestic mountains and
through the beautiful and fertile State of Cali-
fornia to the Golden Gate of the Pacific, and
he will say that the Pacific railroad was the
most magnificent enterprise of modern times ;
he will say that it has accomplished more for
the prosperity, power, and grandeur of this
country than any other enterprise of modern
times. He will say that it is a stronger bond
of Union than constitutions or laws, cr any
device by which we attempt to establish and
maintain a Government.
Nov.-, Mr. Piesident, it was understood that
Congress, so far as the Pacific railroad was
concerned, should be liberal in its donations;
it should pay to any amount,cost what it would.
Like our war, cost what it would of the treasure
of the Government, the Atlantic and the Pa-
cific must, be united, and not only the Atlantic
and the Pacific, but Europe and Asia, and by
this railroad there should be continuous com-
munication around the globe itself. _ These were
the purposes for which these magnificent dona-
tions were made for the construction of the
Union Pacific railroad.
But, sir, I go back to my first proposition,
that these lands were given to us for a high
purpose, to be an exhaustless fountain for
education, internal improvement, and for the
prosperity and advancement of our country.
Again, the Government never supposed that
it was necessary to construct two roads, almost
parallel, so near to each other that they must
take all the lauds, the whole belt of lands, and
leave no even sections for the Government.
In such a case the Government would re-
ceive nothing; it would receive no compen-
sation ; the whole would be given away for the
construction of railroads; and that I under-
stand to be the case before us. This railroad
is a desirable one, and considering the outlay
of capital which has been made for the con-
struction of the road, the parties engaged in it
are entitled to a favorable view from Congress;
but we must not overstep the bounds which we
ljave already set in this or in any other propo-
sition. The first thing we know these millions
and billions of acres of land which ought for-
ever to bo reserved as homes for our settlers,
homes for the poor of our cities, where every
man may find a home upon some hillside or in
some valley there; these lands designed for
such purposes, and for purposes of education
and internal improvement, will have slipped
from our hands.
Although thin railroad deserves our sympathy
and our favorable consideration, yet there was
no need of it in the nature of things. Jt is but
a parallel line to others already existing, and
there was no necessity for it. The keen eye of
eastern capital, watching out for the trade of
the mighty West, has constructed these various
systems of roads; but 1 bow not down to the
iloloch of eastern capital or corporations. It
is time that there was some assertion on our
part of the true principle by which we should
be governed in making grants for the construc-
tion of railroads.
We are constructing railroads now every day
by the hundreds and the thousands of miles
through the State of Illinois without any grant
of land whatever from this Congress, and al-
though we had assistance in the first place, it.
was only to give strength to the infant arm of
our enterprise; and the Government has done
enough, so far as the construction of a railroad
to "the Pacific is concerned, unless it be to aid
a line further south and one further north, as
there will be three main lines to the Pacific,
one running north through Chicago and St. Paul,
the other through the central part of Illinois
and Missouri, where it now runs, and the other
through Omaha out west to the Pacific ocean.
But now, must Congress become the mere play-
thing of capitalists ? Must Congress adopt
every measure which eastern capitalists propose
to impose upon the nation in the construction
of railroads ?
I should hate if any remarks T have made
should be construed ;<s indicating that 1 was
opposed to this or any ether railroad, confess-
ing, as I do, that the State of Illinois derived
the first impulse almost for her prosperity from
the construction of railroads.
But, sir, the lands through which this road
runs are not mountains ; they are not deserts;
they are not covered with alkali ; but they are
the choice lands. This road runs through a
choice portion of the lands cf Kansas. 1 will
vote for this bill if the sections to be sclecled
by the company are confined within the pro-
scribed limits, according to the general features
of such grants. I am willing that the railroad
company shall have every alternate section
within so many miles of the road, and then if
they cannot get the alternate sections by rea-
son of their prior occupation, I will vote they
may have any other unoccupied lands within
the prescribed limits. This was the policy of
the Government in the construction of our Illi-
nois railroads, and has been, 1 believe, in the
construction of all other roads which it has
aided by land grants.
I think the remarks of the Senator from
Iowa are capable of explanation consistent
with the truth when he says that where the
alternate sections were preoccupied, where
they were occupied by settlers, or hftd been
appropriated by the Government for any other
purpose, then the companies might be permit-
ted to take even sections within the prescribed
boundary lines of the grapt.
These are my views upon this subject, has-
tily formed, I confess; but yet I think there
should be limitations. I think that if the
friends of this bill want to carry it there should
be proper limitations, and we should not give
a railroad company, whose stock is perhaps
held in Wall street by interested persons, the
right to slip out there under an act of Congress
and by law snatch from the poor,, homeless
tenant and his wife and little children the best
spot of ground within twenty-five miles of the
railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the sub-
ject-matter of this bill has been discussed
heretofore at great length in the Senate, and
probably the most of us understand very well
the merits of the claim of what is called the
Central Branch Company. I will detain the
Senate but, a few minutes in what 1 have to say.
The Central Branch Pacific railroad line was
originally, by the charter of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, in 1802, part and pared
of the Union Pacific railroad; it was one of
the branches which we created and which we
endowed with lands and the right to acquire
Government bonds upon certain terms. It was
part of the general system of the Pacific rail-
road, and received as much attention and favor
at the hands of Congress as any of the other
branches. It had the right by the original
charter of forming a connection with what was
called at that time as the Kansas Eastern Divis-
ion, now known as the Kansas Pacific railway.
This right of junction with that line was an
important right to tins company. This com-
pany had the right of forming the junction at
the end of one hundred miles from the starting-
point of the road.
In 1860 Congress passed an act- authorizing
the Eastern Division to pass up what is known
as the Smoky Hill Pork ; that is, to diverge
from the original line marked out for it by the
legislation of Congress off in a western and
southwestern direction, and to form its connec-
tion with the Union Pacific railroad proper at
a point not further than fifty miles west of the
! meridian of Denver. This legislation of 1800
made it impossible for the Central Branch
road to form that connection with the Eastern
I Division. It was, to use a homely phrase, by
our own legislation ''left out in the cold/'
But under our legislation it possesses the right
in express terms, in case the Eastern Division
did not proceed and form its connection with
the Union Pacific line at a certain point, to go
on and complete that line itself, and to entitle
itself not only to the lands donated to the road,
but also to the bonds. At least such is the
claim of the Central Branch.
The question of its right to the Government
bonds has been investigated by some of the
most learned and careful lawyers of the coun-
try ; it has been discussed in this Chamber;
and I presume I do not overstate the fact when
] say that the preponderance of opinion in this
Chamber was in favor of the right of the Cen-
tral Branch to proceed, complete its line in
place of the line which was thus diverged and
carried off to the southwest, and thus to entitle
itself to lands and bonds both. It was for a
long time, as I said before, a subject of ani-
mated discussion in this Chamber, and the
whole question was fully considered by tlie
Senate.
But at last the Central Branch company
cimc to the conclusion that it would no longer
pursue its claim for Government bonds if it
could receive instead of them a donation of
land along its line. They agreed to cornpro-
j mise their claim for bonds, and to accept lands.
I believe that during the discussion which
