2448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. HOWARD. The rule reads as,follows:
" A motion to pass over the pending subject, which,
if carried, shall have the effect to lca.ro suoh subject
in its existing placo on the Calendar for aotion oil
tho noxt oall or the Calendar."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the call of the Calen-
dar of special orders; and the effect of that is
to leave this bill where it is, and when we finish
the present subject we then begin at the head
of the Calendar, the Georgia bill, and then the
Senator's bill. They will keep right at the
head of the Calendar all the time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The only doubt
the Chair has is as to passing over all tho bills
at once, the rale providing for passing them
over individually and separately ; but if there
is 110 dissent tho Chair will put the question on
passing them over collectively.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wo all consent to that
this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Ques-
tion is on passing over tho present and all
other orders for the purpose of proceeding
with the consideration of the deficiency appro-
priation bill.
Tho motion was agreed to.
CAIRO AND I'ULTON HAILUOAD.
Mr. RICE. I ask the consent of the Senate
now to proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 1U5.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas asks unanimous consent to take up
Senate resolution No. 105, subject to a demand
for the regular order, if it should give rise to
debate. Is there objection?
Mr. THUMB(ILL. Wc had better go on
with the deficiency bill.
Mr. MOUUILL, of Maine. If it leads to no
debute and takes no time I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair stated
that it would be subject to a demand for tho
regular order. The Chair hears no objection.
The joint resolution is taken up subject to a
demand for the regular order by any Senator
if it should give rise to debate.
The Secretary read the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 105) extending tho time for the com-
pletion of the first section of twenty miles of
the Cairo and Fulton railroad.
Mr. TIIU11MAN. Thatis another land-grant
bill. I want time to look into it a little, and I
object to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio demands the regular order, saying
that he desires to examine this bill.
CHANGE 01' llKFUriUNCK.
Mr. WILLIAMS. On the day before yes-
terday there was ft bill referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims by the President
of the Senate which ought to have gone to the
Committee on Commerce. It was considered
by the Committee on Commerce in the House
of Representatives, and the papers have been
referred to the Committee on Commerce of
this body. 1 move that the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, and that it bo
referred to the Committee on Commerce. It
is the bill (H. R. No. 1009) for tho relief of
Harriet E. Parker.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM 1'Uti 1I0D3K.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
tiiat the House had passed a bill (H. 11. No.
1123) to remove political disabilities from F.
E, Shober, of North Carolina; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
mnllolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (H. R. No. 234) directing an in-
quiry into the loss of the United States steamer
Oneida; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before tho
Sonata a report of the Secretary of the Navy
communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of February 18, 1870,
information in relation to a settlement with
the Corliss Steam-Engine Company for naval
engines manufactured for the. Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following bills and
joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 002) giving the consent of
the United States to the erection of a bridge
across the Delaware river between Philadelphia
and Camden;
An act (S. No. 420) to authorize the account-
ing officers of tho Treasury to adjust the accounts
of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of customs at
Portland, Maine;
An act (S. No. 421) for the relief of K. P.
Parrott;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 136) to return
to the executors of Thomas Jefferson certain
private papers ;
A joint resolution (S, R, No. 107) relating
to officers of the Soldiers' llomo ; and
An act (S. No. 745) authorizing the corpora-
tion of the eity of Washington to sot apart por-
tions of si reels and avenues as parks for trees
aud walks.
dupfcibkcv appropriation mr.r,.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 1840) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for tho ser-
vice of the Government for tlio fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes.
The Secretary continued the reading of tho
bill to line two huudred aud fifty-one.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was after line two
hundred and fifty-one to insert:
Indian dopurtmont:
For puy of interpreters, &9.5C3.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was alter lino two hun-
dred and sixty-one to insert the following:
House of correction:
l/or the purpoacs mentioned in the fourteenth sec-
tion ot tho act of July 2,">, JhtM, entitled "An net to
establish in tho District of Clutnmbi,!, :i. hoit^o ot cor-
rection for boys," and to bo paid in I iio  :uno manner
aa tho appropriation tliorein nudo is directed to be
levied and paid, the payment ofttie several portions
to bo paid by tho cities of Wnhhinirloii ;md Geoijfe-
town and tho county of Wa>hu>frton, respectively,
to bo enforced in tiio Fame marmot as therein pro-
vided, fc]2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and eighty-three the following:
To pay the Delaware indmnsforstockstolen from
them by the wlnti'i-, as per l'ourtociitli articlo at tho
treaty with said Indiaus of July.4, lS'i'J, 5-L>.40J.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do not know that_ I
object to the amendment, but 1 dislike the
phraseology of it. 1 ask the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations how ho knows
that stock belonging to tho Delaware Indians
was stolen by the white citizens? The only
evidence that would satisfy me that that stock
was stolen by them would be their conviction
for stealing it. Rut to say that the citizens of
my State had stolen stock from the Delaware
Indians before their trial and conviction on
that charge is giving them a bad character in
the law without the charge being proven.
That the Delaware Indians may have lost stock
to this amount I do not deny; possibly they
have ; but if you propose to say in the law that
that stock was stolen by white citizens I think
it would be better to have a trial and prove the
charge in the first place. I think the Senator
from Maine would not be willing to say in a
law that the white citizens of his State had
been stealing unless the case had been proven,
unless they had had a, trial and been convicted.
I ask him hoiv he knows that the white people
there stole this stock?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the hon-
orable Senator mean to any that it is a violent
presumptiou?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a violent presump-
tion against the people of my State.
Mr. HARLAN. The text of tho amend-
ment does not name the Seaator's State, and
I see no reason why he should infer that the
people of that State were intended.
Mr. POMEROY. The,Indians are in my
State. 1 do not suppose the citizens of Iowa
camu down there to steal horses.
Mr. HARLAN. These Indians are now
down in the Indian territory.
Mr. POMEROY. Put this is an appropri-
ation to pay them for stock stolen from them
in Kansas.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps it might
have been done by some stragglers in Kansas.
I think the honorable Senator would hardly
presume that, they were citizens of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word "stolen"
and inserting " lost or taken."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. " Or robbed."
[Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Before we accuse any per-
sons of stealing horses there I want it under-
stood that the.v shall liavo had a trial and liave
been convicted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in tho chair.) Tho question is on tho amend-
ment to the amendment ottered by the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not, desire
to be technical about this matter of course.
It perhaps contemplates what may be a vio-
lent presumption against the citizens of Kan-
sas ; but 1 do not suppose the treaty was made
in any invidious sense to discriminate against
citizens of Kansas. Nevertheless, then; is a
treaty that the Government of tins United States
shall pay for property which white men may
steal from tho ludiaus, and this appropriation
hut follows the language of tho treaty. Now,
as to the information whether tho crime of
larceny has been committed, 1 do not suppose
the committee are very well informed about
that. This appropriation is made in pursuance
of a communication from the Secretary oftho
Interior, calling the attention of the committee
to the provisions of the treaty, and it is based
particularly upon a report of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, who have examined this ques-
tion and have reported a recommendation that
this sum should be allowed.
Mr. COLE. I suppose the money will not
be paid unless it is shown that the property has
been stolen; and so there can be no danger in
making the appropriation in these terms. It
does not necessarily charge the citizens of
Kansas or of any other State with any crime or
offense. I suppose the treaty requires that
compensation shall be made for property that
has been stolen, and unless that shall appear,
of course the money will not be paid.
Mr. POMEROY, Does tho report say that
the citizens of my State stole the horses ? That
is what I want to know.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No.
Mr. POMEROY. Then why put it in the
law ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not fol-
low that tliey were citizens of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. Well, the white citizens
of any State.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest tip my
honorable friend from Kansas that there is no
occasion for being sensitive on the subject,
because it would not be a violent presumption
to infer that there are people outside of Kan-
sas who may have done this.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; but they would
not be likely to come from Maiue to do this.
