1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2449
Would the Senator from Maine like to have
the amendment read "to pay the Delaware
Indians for stock stolen by white citizens of
Maine?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It does not say
"'citizens of Kansas." The report is this:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred tha letter of the Secretary ot the Interior com-
municating a letter of the Commissioner of Indian
A ff;t i r.-', and a report, with abstract by John 0. Pratt.
(Jnited States Indian agent, (hereto appended and
made apart of this report,) of claims for stock stolen
iioni the Delaware Indians sinco 1S51, and recom-
mending an appropriation for the payment of the
claims as stipulated in the fourteenth article of the
noaty with said Indians of 4th July, 1860, are of
opinion that the claims as awarded by said agent are
just and ought to be paid, amounting to $26,284.
There is not the slightest reference to the
citizens of any particular State.
Mr. POMEROY. Then let me move to
strike out the words '' by the whites."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I have any objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that, because
I presume we would have no right to pay for
this stock unless it was stolen by the whites.
Mr. THURMAN. This whole thing must
depend upon the treaty. This is an appropri-
ation in execution of a treaty. If the treaty
says that we are to pay for property stolen we
ought to say so iu the bill. If it says we are
to pay for property stolen by the whites, we
ought to say so. In other words, we must fol-
low the language of the treaty, because this is
an appropriation in execution of atreaty. Will
the Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, read the provis-
ion of the treaty if he has it by him?
Mr. IIARLAN. I have it not befdi'e me;
but the honorable Senator from Ohio will at
once see the propriety of retaining the word
"white." If the thefts were committed by
Indians on each other the Government of the
United States of course would not agree to pay
for them.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. POMEROY. If the clause read in this
way it would be precisely in harmony with what
the Senator from Ohio means: "To pay the
Delaware Indians for stock stolen from them,
as per fourteenth article of the treaty." [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be saying
that the treaty provides that they shall be
stolen.
Mr. POMEROY. My recollection is that
the treaty does not provide that they shall be
stolen by white people. The Indians steal from
each other, and we are bound by the treaty to
protect these Indians from other tribes as well
as from the white people. The Wyandottes
may have stolen them; other Indians may have
stolen them ; and the treaty provides that these
Indians shall be protected by the Government
not only from the whites, but from other and
hostile Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will read the
provision of the treaty if the honorable Sen-
ator will permit me:
"And inasmuch as the Delawares claim that a
large amount of stock has been stolen from them by
the whites since the treaty of 1854, the United States
agree to hare a careful examination of such claims
made under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, and when tho value of such stolen stock
shall have been asecrtainod, the same shall be re-
ported to Congress with a recommendation for an
appropriation to pay the same, and all moneys appro-
priated for such purposes shall be paid to the owners
of the stock."
It is pietty clear the implication is that they
were stolen by whites.
Mr. POMEROY. Do I understand that that
treaty was made in 1854?
Mr. THURMAN. The treaty under which
this appropriation was made was made in 18G6.
Mr.* MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir. Then
I have here an "abstract of a report of John
G. Pratt, United States Indian agent, upon
claims for stock stolen from the Delaware In-
dians by whites, provided for by the fourteenth
article of the treaty," &c. I think it is pretty
clear that they were stolen by the whites, but
41st Cong. 2d Sess,—No. 154.
it is not clear, I will say to the Senator, that
the thieves were citizens of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I am satisfied they were
not citizens of Kansas, because this reserva-
tion is on the border of the States of Kansas
and Missouri.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should not
like to have it charged that they were citizens
of Missouri, because then I should have the
Senators from Missouri upon me.
Mr. POMEROY. If the citizens of my own
State are exonerated I shall say no more
about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator withdraw his amendment to the amend-
ment?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to insert after line
two hundred and eighty-seven:
To enablo tho Secretary of tho Interior to pay
balance du© for surveying Navajoe Indian reserva-
tion under contract, preparatory to making allot-
ments for their now homes for agricultural purposes,
&37.o9o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to insert after line
three hundred and thirty-four the following:
Senate deficiency:
Forcleuks to committees, pages, horses, and carry-
alls, $20,000.
Mr. POMEROY. I had supposed we were
retrenching. I had understood that our inci-
dental expenses were going to be greatly less
than heretofore. I know the Committee on
Retrenchment have been constantly aiming at
that, and I should like to know why it is that
there is a deficiency if we are curtailing our
expenses instead of increasing them ?
Mr. THURMAN. There is one matter, very
small again, and my justification is that which
I have said before, that if you do not begin to
curtail in small matters you never will in large—
there is one matter that this amendment brings
to notice. We are to pay for clerks to com-
mittees, pages, horses, and carryalls $20,000
byway of deficiency. This is in our own body,
the Senate. Now, I should like somebody
who is well informed to tell mo whether there
are not in this Senate committees with clerks
that have nothing to do. There is a committee
here, I believe, called the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, and I have been told that
that committee has a clerk. I should like to
know if that is the fact. Perhaps some Sen-
ator on the floor who is a member of that com-
mittee can tell me. I should like some gentle-
man of that committee to tell me whether that
committee has not a clerk. I hear 110 answer.
I take it, then, silence gives consent, and that
committee has a clerk. Now, I should like
to know what business there is before that
committee, or has been before it for the last
twenty-five years. It is a committee with an
excellent committee-room, and I have heard
it said, and I presume it to be so as there is
nothing said to the contrary, although mem-
bers of that committee are here, that that com-
mittee has a clerk. I should like somebody
to tell me anything that has been referred to
that committee within the last twenty years.
Then we have a Committee on Agriculture 
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator will
allow me, I will state that a resolution was
introduced into the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment in relation to
committee clerks, instructing the committee to
inquire into the necessity of hiring so many
clerks to these various committees. The Com-
mittee on Retrenchment had the matter up.
The gentleman from Ohio is a member of that
committee, but was not present 011 the morn-
ing when it came up.
Mr. CONIvLING. Where was he? Did
he make any excuse? [Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON. The gentleman made
no excuse for not being present on that morn-
ing. The committee came to the conclusion
that there were several committees, not to Say
clerks, that were not absolutely necessary here,
and that the whole matter had better be re-
ferred to a special committee appointed for
the revision of the committees of the Senate ;
that it was a larger question than that referred
to the Committee on Retrenchment, and they
had better throw the whole matter over to the
committee on committees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ifciswell un-
derstood that many of the committees are so
hard-worked that their members cannot even
remain in their seats during the session of the
Senate. Now, the Senator from Ohio must
have observed that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims is often out
of his seat, and undoubtedly engaged in busi-
ness on that committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot accept that
explanation at all, and at the same time I can-
not controvert it; but I do not say anything
about that, for really I do not know who the
chairman of that committee is. I know one
thing, that twenty-five years ago—I am sorry
to admit so much age—when I was a member
of the other House, there was acommittee there
on revolutionary pensions, and it had nothing
to do then, and what such a committee has to
do here now is past my comprehension. That
is only one committee. I could name three or
four other committees of the Senate that have
clerks and fine committee-rooms, and not one
thing has been referred to them during this
Congress, as the Journals of Congress will
show.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator is
mistaken. I recollect that we referred one bill
or resolution to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims the other day. I remember one
instance at this session.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to know
who introduced that. It must have been like
the mint of my friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye]
at Carson City, which never will coin a dollar
in the world unless he takes it there in order to
have it coined and give some kind of character
to that mint. That will be all that will be ever
done—a mere show. The way to stop this thing
is not to make the appropriation. I object to
it, and shall vote against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
three hundred and thirty-seven the following,
under the head of " Senate deficiencies:"
For miscellaneous items, $1,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
that by striking out "one" and inserting
" five," so as to make the appropriation $5,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert after line
three hundred and thirty-eight the following:
For furniture and repairs, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
three hundred and thirty-nine:
For Congressional Globe and Appendix, $7,697 73.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
three hundred and forty-one, the following:
For expenses of Senate Committee on Betrench-
mont, $5,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Idesire to change
the phraseology of that amendment so as to
read:
For defraying the expenses of the jointselect Com-
mittee on Retrenchment,$5,000: Provided, xhattDH
appropriation shall be drawn from the Treasury 011
the order of the Secretary of thoSenswe, and disbursed
under andsubjectin all respects to the provisions oi
the joint resolution of January 22,1867.
The amendment to the amendment was
^Crf00(J to.
xhe amendment, as amended, was adopted.
