1870.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
491
41ST CO2TG....2D SES
Independence of Gvba—Mr. Wilkinson.
Ho. of Reps.
barrassment in the facilities of business leads
to confusion and disaster, and when private
losses have become large and general, then
come financial crisis and widespread ruin.
And when it comes it falls with its heaviest
weight upon the users of money, the producing
industries of the country, and the money-lend-
ers grow rich upon the spoils of the ruin.
The amendment which I offer does not pro-
pose a fixed expansion, much as my judgment
would approve such measure. It seeks quietly
to allow business a reasonable expansion if it
needs it, and to retire the surplus, if there be
any, when the need has ceased. It saves
interest to the Government, and injures, as I
believe, no interest whatever, and will be of
great public advantage.
If we look to Europe for the funding of a
large portion of our national debt, it is well to
remember that much of their ability to invest
in foreign bonds is because their currency is
larger per capita than ours, and that it is fur-
ther increased by the disparity in the price of
wages. The necessities of their home business
must be supplied before they can invest abroad.
It is only their surplus that can come to us.
Give to our own industries and business proper
and rightful facility, let them develop as they
did when our currency was large, and it will
not be many years till the surplus capital of
oui own people will absorb the Government
loan, and we will grow independent of the
money markets of Europe, as wo arc fast grow-
ing independent of their industries, i look
for the time to come, within the years of men
now living, when our nation will be the center
of commerce, thegreat producers of the world,
and our bankers, our merchants, and our peo-
ple will hold controlling power in its finance.
Independence of Cuba.
SPEECH OF HON. M S. WILKINSON,
OF MINNESOTA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 14, 1870.
The House having under consideration tho joint
resolution (II. It. No. 329) in relation to the contest
between the people of Cuba and the Government of
Spain-
Mr. WILKINSON said:
.Mr. Speaker: As one of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs who agreed to the majority
report, I should not have felt inclined to make
any remark on this subject were it not for the
message which the President yesterday sent
to Congress. I will hero take occasion to say
that 1 regret very much that the President saw
lit to transmit that message to this body. It
seems to me a little extraordinary, after hav-
ing alluded to the subject of Cuban affairs in
his annual message in December last, express-
ing precisely the same views which are con-
tained in bis message of yesterday—after this
matter has been referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, together with the petitions of
seventy thousand of our citizens from all parts
of the country in favor of acknowledging the
belligerency of Cuba—after that committee
had for six months carefully and deliberately
considered this question—after the report of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs liad been
made and printed in the papers, it seems to
me strange that the President should have sent
in his message of yesterday without presenting
to Congress one Dingle additional fact.
1 say that I regretthis, because I am afriend
of the" President, and I intend to uphold his
Administration by every word that I utter and
by every vote that. I shall give, so long as lie
adheres to the principles of the party which
elected him. But I can neither follow him nor
any other Administration when it departs from
the platform «f the people oi^ ur.sumes a new
position forming no part of the principles of
the party that placed him in power, unless I
agree with the position he takes. But, sir, in
this case, after I have committed myself and
after the] Committee on Foreign Affairs have
committed themselves to the proposition sub-
mitted in their report, it is exceedingly embar-
rassing when the President transmits to Con-
gress an argument against the adoption of the
report which a committee of this body has
made. I do not know how it is with the other
Republicans who agreed to this report; butas
for myself I do 7iot wish to be either humiliated
by a public abandonment of deliberately ex-
pressed opinions, or driven out of the Repub-
lican party because I adhere to them. I think
that if the President, had carefully reviewed
this matter, if he had looked over the whole
ground and not been guided by ill-advised
counsel, he never would have sent that mes-
sage to this House. If the message had con-
tained any new facts which had not before that
time been communicated to Congress, or if it
had expressed recommendations which the
President had not before that time had an
opportunity to transmit, there might have been
some propriety in his having made the com-
munication, even at this late day of the session.
But, sir, this is not the case. In the message
itself it is stated that the facts in relation t.o
Cuban affairs within the knowledge of the
Executive had been communicated to Congress
for its action.
Sir, as a member of an independent coor-
dinate branch of this Government, I am bound
to adhere to opinions which have been delib-
erately formed, or I should surrender the seat
I hold on this floor.
Now, sir, what are the facts in regard to the
war in Cuba? For nearly two years there has
been a struggle going on in Cuba, the fairest
island of the sea; an island with traditions of
more than two huudred years, and lying within
sight of the American continent; au outpost
of our own Government; a naval fortress com-
manding the great Gulf of Mexico and all our
trade; an island which of right belongs to the
Government of the United States, and which
ought legitimately to be within the jurisdiction
of this Government. In making this assertion
I do not speak the sentiments of the commit-
tee; lam now uttering my own. I may.as
well state right here my convictions on this
point. I believe it is the duty of the United
Slates, whenever it can do so without a viola-
tion ofinternationa! law, without aviolation of
its obligations to other nations, to take hold of
and control all the islands of the West Indies
and to command the commerce of these islands.
I do not belong to that class of men who would
wish to tax the American people to "build up
American commerce,n as they call it, and yet
throw away this vast American commerce when
they have an opportunity to control it. We
have had a committee of this House engaged all
through the recess of Congress in inquiring
into the causes of the decline of American com-
merce ; and they bring in a bill to tax the peo-
ple millions of dollars to stimulate ship-build-
ing, as if that scheme would maintain and
build up American commerce on the high
seas, when at the same time this Government
ignores all opportunities for seizing the com-
merce of the western continent. 1 believe it
would be far better to employ all the means
within our possession to seize this trade legiti-
mately than it would be to tax the people for
the purpose of building ships in Maine.
But, Mr. Speaker, coming more directly to
this question, let us see what is the condition
of things. For two years a terrible struggle
has been raging iu the island of Cuba. Up to
the 1st of last November it was understood
all over this country—it was understood by the
Spanish minister here, it was understood in
this city and out of it—that the Administra-
tion was on the very point of acknowledging
the belligerent rights of Cuba. Last October
theSparisli minister, Mr. Roberts, wrote a let-
ter to Mr. Fish, protesting against the acknowl-
edgment of the belligerent rights of Cuba. Mr.
l^ish, in reply, addressed a letter to Mr. Rob-
erts, which is a full, clear, positive, and abso-
lute answer to the message of the President
sent here yesterday.
The President says there is no war in Cuba.
Mr. Pish, on the 18th of October, I860, de-
clared to the Spanish minister that, there wa>
war in Cuba. The President bases his whole
argument upon tho assertion that there is no
war in Cuba ; and hence he holds it is improper
for us to declare neutrality in regard to the
struggle going on there. In reply to that I
refer with confidence to the letter of Mr. Fisli,
dated October 13, 1869, some passages of
which 1 propose to read.
In answering Mr. Roberts, in regard to the
recognition by Spain of our southern rebels
sixty days after they had fired on Fort Sum-
ter, and before any battles had been fought and
before scarcely anything of a military chmac-
ter had taken place, Mr. Fish said:
"It is true that GreatBritain and France may have
been uioro precipitate even than Spainin tbeirmi.sto
to grant belligerent rights to the insurgents ni me
United States; andtheexamplesoftiles.< luonnrchies
oi 1 lie Old World may bo pleaded by the republics
of Peru, Ctiili, and Bolivia, intiioNew, m their pro-
ceeding toward Cuba, with tho difference in favor of
the latter, tbat they waited for months instead of
days, and untilseores of conilietshad been ioughtund
tho slain were numbered by thousands."
Here Mr. Fish tells the Spanish minister
that Chili and Peru and Bolivia had a greater
excuse for acknowledging the belligerency of
the Cubans than Spain had in acknowledging
the belligerency of the southern confederacy.
But let us go a little further, for I take it
that this message came from tho State Depart-
ment. I wish my colleague on the Committee
on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Orth] had referred
to this action of the Secretary of State iu his
very able and eloquent speech this afternoon.
Mr. Fish says "the civil war in Cuba has con-
tinued for a year." My honorable friend from
Indiana [Mr. Oktii] says there is no war there:
my honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Aiiiu.uit]
says there is no war there, while Secretary ol
State Fish in this same letter states that this
war in Cuba has continued for a year. Let me
read further:
"The civil war in Cuba lias continued for a year;
battle after battle lias been fought, thousands of
lives have been sacrificed, and the result is still in
suspense. But the United Siates liavo hitherto ro-
sistcd the considerations which, in 1861, controlled
tho action of Spain, and determined her to act upon
the occurrcnce of a single bloodless conflict of arm.-;
and within sixty-six days from its date."
Mr. Speaker, what I object to in regard to
this matter is, after this executive document,
expressing the opinion of the Secretary of
State, has been laid before the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, after wo have believed that
the Administration meant what it said, that the
President now comes here with a message, after
our report has been made and published to the
world, and declares that thers i.s no war at all
ill Cuba. How has this great change occuiied :
In the dispatch to the Spanish minister to
which I have referred Mr. Fish stated that the
civil war lias continued in Cuba for more than
a year, and now wc are told iu the President, s
message that there is no war in Cuba.
Again, let us go a little further:
"Tho undersigned has not now to remind Mr, Rob-
erts of the frequency with wtiicli, in tho interest of
humanity, he has been obliged to remonstrate againsr
the atrocities and tho cruelties which have attended
tho conflict in Ca'oa for the past year; and if the?o
cruelties andthis inhumanity have not been confined
to one party to the conflict the force ol tlie justifi-
cation lor intervention assigned by the eminent Span-
ish authority referred to has been so much tne more
pressing."
If I understood correctly^ my friend from
Indiana to-day sneered in his speech at the
