1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5281
should not make extensive appropriations,
when everybody who gets up in Congress re-
peats that, until it has become almost a truism—
the people all tell us so; we all tell one another
so, and we all tell the country so—I do insist
upon it that if these improvements are neces-
sary in the States of Wisconsin and Michigan,
to adopt the very language used by the Senator
from Wisconsin himself, "this is not the time
to do it." Let us wait until the country is not
so pressed, and then let us have, as was sug-
gested by the Senator from South Carolina, a
little more equity in the distribution of these
appropriations. Here are Senators from the
South, sitting around me, making hopeless
efforts to get small appropriations for neces-
sary improvements in their portion of the coun-
try. I think life Senator from South Carolina
only asked for seven or eight thousand dollars,
a .very small appropriation for an important
harbor in his State. Here are the Senators
flora California, who ask for a small appro-
priation, in compliance with the resolutions of
their State Legislature; but they are thrown
aside; you will not even listen to them. Sen-
ators must not be allowed to commit the im-
prudence of suggesting amendments, because
"if you do that you will kill the bill." I say
the bill ought to be killed; and I suggest to
these gentlemen that in justice to- themselves,
and in justice to their constituents, they should
kill the bill.
Mr. CORBET!1. Before these Senators kill
the bill it is proper that they should know the
reason why appropriations are not made, or
estimates are not made for the very works that
they now ask for. They have killed the river
and harbor bill for two years successively by
loading it down in such a manner that it could
not go through both Houses, and we have been
compelled to make appropriation in gross of
about two or two and a half million dollars, to
be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War, and that money has been applied
to works already begun.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator give way
to me for a moment?
Mr. CORBET'f. I would rather finish what
i have to say.
That mouey has been applied to works
already begun, and for the completion and
extension of those works. Each of those bills,
I believe, contained a provision for the survey
of these very harbors in regard to which Sen-
ators now complain that they have no appro-
priations for. If they were not embraced they
should have been. That was the motion that
they have made. Now, the surveys of those
places are embraced in this bill. Suppose we
kill the bill, then, of course, the surveys are
killed also ; and when the river and harbor bill
comes up next year, you have 110 estimates for
the particular works that you desire. Let us
look at this matter in a reasonable point of
view, and understand what we are going to do.
Now, I have a proposition here, introduced
by my colleague, to appropriate $70,000 for a
river which it is important to improve. I have
an estimate for an appropriation of §5,000 for
a survey of the Columbia river, where the
Northern Pacific railroad is now about being
constructed. Our people, are desirous of re-
moving some rocks from the river, so that ves-
sels can come up; but the committee refused
to allow these appropriations to be put 011 the
bill. I submitted to it. Every other member
of the committee submitted to his p impositions
being treated in the same way. We agreed to
take the bill as it came from the House, with
the exception that amendments might be made
for surveys for these southern harbors, or any
other harbors, so that we might have the esti-
mates next year, and thus be enabled then to
make the appropriations that may be necessary.
I simply wished to explain this matter. If
Senators who now make these motions had
inserted upon the former river and harbor bills
appropriations for surveys of these places we
should have had estimates this year, and then
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 331.
we could have made the appropriations this
year.
Mr. SAWYER, Will the Senator inform
me whether any bill passed at the last session
of Congress, or the last Congress, upon which
it was possible to put such a proposition?
Was not the river and harbor bill, which pro-
vided for those surveys, defeated?
Mr. OORBETT. That is what I say.
Mr. SAWYER. But it was not defeated by
southern Senators.
Mr. CORBETT. I did not say that it was
defeated by southern Senators; but I say it
was defeated by loading it down with amend-
ments, increasing the appropriations to $8,000, -
000 ; and of its own weight it broke down, and
consequently the surveys went with it. The
same thing will happen to this bill if it is so
loaded down that it breaks of its own weight.
Of course, then, we cannot have the surveys
made, and consequently cannot have appro-
priations made for these places next year.
_Mr. ABBOTT. This bill is loaded down
with not quite two hundred thousand dollars:
about one hundred and sixty-two thousand
dollars; not a very heavy load 1 Now, i wish
to ask the Senator from Oregon if-he is not
aware that a note from the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce to the engineer de-
partment will bring a survey at any time ?
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir, I am not aware
of that.
Mr. ABBOTT. I rather guess that is the fact.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that we have
got to authorize them by Congress. There is
an appropriation in this bill of $150,000 for
surveys. We direct the engineer department
to make certain surveys and estimates, and
under that direction the next year they make
their reports and estimates for the improvement
of those rivers and harbors.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the money is appropriated,
there is no trouble in getting the survey. The
survey can be ordered v.'ith the utmost ease.
It does not require an act of Congress. It can
be done as easily as a company of the Army
can be ordered from one place to another.
Mr. CORBETT. I will simply say that if
the bill is killed, the appropriation of $150,000
for surveys will fall with it. Of course they
cannot be made unless the money is appro-
priated.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand from the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce that he is willing to accept all the amend-
ments that have been made by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, if we can in that way
come to a final vole. The whole amount put
on in Committee of the Whole is not very
large, as he informs me—a little less,-1 think,
than $300,000.
Mr. ABBOTT. Two hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. HAIILAN. Perhaps the Senators who
have moved these amendments have selected
the more important points. The chairman of
the committee is willing to accept them and to
take the vote on them all at once ; so, with his
consent, whenever it is in order, I shall move
a reconsideration of the vote by which two or
three of them were rejected, in order that we
may take a vote on concurring in the whole of
them at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order
now to move a reconsideration ; but the pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. HARLAN. I make that motion with
the consent of the chairman of the committee,
and I hope it will be agreed to unanimously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to re-
consider the vote by which certain amendments
adopted in Committee of the Whole were non-
concured in.
Mr. WARNER. I had something to say at
the last session of Congress about one-sided
river and harbor appropriation bills. I had
occasion then to say that I was sorry to see in
the bill we had then before us no evidences of
a reconstructed Union.. While tlfis bill is not
as liberal to the South as i should bg glad to
have.it, i am very glad to find in it some very
considerable recognition of the feet that the
late rebel States have been restored to the
Union. . .1 find in this bill an appropriation of
$300,000 for the mouth of the Mississippi. I
find $250,000 for the falls of the Ohio. i find
$150,000 for the Mississippi, Missouri, and
Arkansas rivers. i find $250,000 more for the
Ohio river. i find $80,000 for the Tennessee
river. i find $25,000 for the harbor of Galves-
ton. I find |j50,000 for the harbor of Mobile.
I find in all lor the southern States $905,000.
I am very glad to find even such a recognition
as this of the claims of the South; and while
I should, have been glad if it had been still
more liberal, i most earnestly hope that this
bill will pass. While I should be glad to see
other amendments put upon it, i hope nothing
may be done that will endanger the passage of
the bill, because there is in this bill nearly a
million dollars for the benefit of the country
south of the Ohio river.
Mr. ABBOTT. I understand the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce is willing to
accept all the amendments which have been
adopted in Committee of the Whole. If that
is so, that ends the whole controversy.
Mr. HARLAN. I am authorized to say so,
and to move a reconsideration of the vote by
which certain amendments agreed to in Com-
mittee of the Whole have been rejected by the
Senate.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. .If there be no
objection the Chair will reserve the amend-
ment in regard to the haibor of Charleston,
and take the question on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa, to reconsider the vote by
which various amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole were non-concurred in in
the Senate.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will take the question on
concurring in the amendments which have been
thus far acted upon, in gross. The question
is on concurring in the amendments recently
rejected.
The amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from South Carolina.
Mr. CHANDLER. i hope the residue of
the amendments will be taken in gross.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from Maryland withdraw the demand for a sep-
arate vote on the amendments?
Mr. VJCKERS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will take the question in
gross on the remaining amendments.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask that the question
be taken separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the first
question is on concurring in the amendment
in regard to the harbor of Charleston, South
Carolina.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is 
Mr. DRAKE. Is there a demand.for a sep-
arate vote after the chairman of the commit-
tee has signified his .willingness to accept the
amendments ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland withdrew his demand for a separate
vote, butthe Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Robertson] renewed the -demand.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the rest of the
amendments will be adopted in gross.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further demand lor a separate vote, the ques-
tion is oil concurring iu the remainder of the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
