1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
tives from their dominions, and kingdoms vi-
brate between anarchy and despotism. Liberty
aloneisstableand powerful; "thesoilsheguards
alone escapes the earthquake." Have we, then,
so favored by fortune, so signally blessed by
Omniscience, so rich-in recollections, so mighty
in promise no responsibility'to others in this
western hemisphere who are subject, as we
ouce were, to the tyrannical exactions and
dwarfing legislation of a European monarchy,
and who are struggling, as we once struggled,
for independence?
Sir, if the people of Cuba, driven by over-
weening armies to the fastnesses of their
mountains, fighting like Spartacus on bended
knees, battling through all the long night with
privation and despair, looking to us for the
spell which shall unlock their prison doors,
waiting for the mailed arm of American recog-
nition to reach down through the clouds and
wrench the sword from the red hand of the
oppressor—if that people shall fail of our aid,
and fail in their righteous purpose; if "in
some disastrous battle their liberties shall
be cloven down;" if the patriots of Cuba
shall be conquered bj; being extirpated, if the
light of republican freedom shall go out for-
ever from their horizon, we shall not answer
the demands of the God of nations by say-
ing, "Am I my brother's keeper." We shall
not satisfy with quotations from writers on
international law, forty millions of people out-
side of this Chamber who know that our growth
and our glory and our advancement will all go
forward with the emancipation of Cuba.
But, sir, if we meet the just expectations of
the people; if we fitly answer the demands
of patriots; if Cespedes and his gallant fol-
lowers who this dayrisk life, fortune, and fame
upon the fate of their land, shall be encour-
aged by us to " stand fast and stand sure" on
their vantage-ground until succor shall arrive;
if it be understood that no hand of power
will stay those who would help Cuba; then, sir,
from the hour it is known that such is the atti-
tude of the United States of America the power
of Spain over her colony will shrivel like a scroll
in the flames. Not all the armies which her
subjects can supply, not all the forces which
her Cortes may vote, not nil the gun-boats her
gold can purchase, will avail to stop the armed
myriads who will flock from friendly shores to
the relief of the beleaguered patriots, and who
will join the recruited, conquering, advancing
hosts of free, republican Cuba which will march
toward the rising sun until the lone star floats
over the battlements of 151 Moro and liberty
reigns triumphant from Havana to Baracoa.
With these possibilities before us can gen-
tlemen excuse or justify to their constituents,
can the administration of General Grant ex-
cuse or justify to the country, a policy of inac-
tion or of vacillation or procrastination on the
ground that we cannot otherwise act without
bad faith toward the Government of Spain?
What, it will be asked, do we owe to the Gov-
ernment of Spain that we should suppress a
single song for freedom or check the force of
a single blow for liberty on her account? Are
we embarassed by emotions of gratitude and
love toward her ? What ships bearing her ban-
ner or what soldiers wearing her uniform
assisted our fathers in the war of the Kevolu-
tion ? Not all the friendship that we felt, not
all the memories of regard that we entertained
toward the France of La Fayette, nor all the
environments of civil war, were permitted to
interfere with the menacing demand of Mr.
Lincoln's administration that the troops of
Napoleon should not continue longer to occupy
the soil of Mexico. And shall our ancient
enemy be granted a consideration denied to
our ancient ally?
Are we indebted to the Government of Spain
for neutrality during our late civil war? Why, i
sir, confederate war vessels sailed in and out j
of her ports without molestation. And if such j
vessels were not fitted out in her ports, it was !
because doubtless her merchants had no suit- 1
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 13.
able ships of war to sell, or her Government
munitions of war to spare.
Let the long lists of her insults and out-
rages, which seem to have been forgotten in the
rush of weightier matters, answer the extent of
our obligations to Spain. American vessels
have been fired upon or seized whenever a
Spanish naval officer became mad with the idea
that to the flag of his country alone attached
the right of undisturbed locomotion through
the Caribbean seas. Our mails have been
rifled of their contents to please the offended
dignity of Spanish officials. Our mail steamers
have been refused the right to land because
their officers were obnoxious to Spanish dig-
nitaries. Our American seamen have been
taken from American vessels and thrown into
Spanish jails, and American citizens have been
robbed and ill-treated from the time of the
tyrant Tacon down to the present day. Such
are the friendly offices we have received from
Spain.
Are we under obligations to the Government
of Spain for policies or ideas which have any-
where advanced the freedom or the happiness
of mankind ? Her rule, sir, has been a rule
of bigotry, despotism, and decay from Philip
to Isabella, from Cortez to the last captain
general of Cuba. The marks of her iron hand
and her iron heel are visible alike in thesqualor,
the degradation, the moral decrepitude of her
own people, and in the blood-soaked ashes of
Cuban towns and haciendas. Even when her
argosies whitened every sea from Gibraltar to
the further Indies, and the helmets of her knights
glittered from the Mediterranean to the Zuyder
Zee, her people were steeped in poverty and
crushed with tyranny. Whether under Bour-
bon or revolutionist, whether under Isabella or
Prim, whether swayed by cruel priestcraft or
given up to unbridled license, the half civiliza-
tion of the Spanish grandee, the bigoted,
tyrannical nature of the Spanish ruler, seems
ever the same, The cruelties his ancestors
perpetrated upon Uio people of the Netherlands
in the sacred name of religion are repeated upon
the Cubans in the name of the Government that
has risen to power upon the ashes of the
Inquisition and the ruins of a Bourbon throne.
As he was in the days of Cervantes, so he is
now, when a Spanish editor upon American s^)il
repeats in the columns of Kl Cronista the antics
and the absurdites of Don Quixote.
I speak of the Government of Spain ? What
is the Government of Spain ? Is it kingdom
or republic—the dominance of a marshal or
the sway of a cabal? Where is the Govern-
ment of Spain? Dwells it in exiled Isabella
at Paris, or with Serrano or Prim at Madrid, or
goes it with the embassadors who are search-
ing the royal nurseries of Europe for an eligi-
ble candidate for the Spanish throne? I will
not imagine, Mr. Chairman, that the cry of
"good faith to Spain" is coined to cover
apprehensions indulged in as to the possible
warlike attitude of"Spaiu in case we recognize
Cuba ; I will not consider for a moment in
this presence the vaporings of those agents of
Spanish interests who speak of a war for which
Spain could find neither legitimate excuse nor
adequate means. I should be filled with regret
for my country if I thought any gentleman on
this floor represented a constituency so desti-
tute of courage or public virtue as to require
him to oppose measures which his judgment
and conscience approved, on the ground that
the passage of those measures would bring
upon us the weighty wrath of Spanish diplo-
mats or the dire calamity of Spanish war.
I have no apprehensions of such a war.
And if such, indeed, were possible, why the
mightiest war that Spain could make would
be but pastime for our regular Army and a
skirmishing bout for the least of ourgreat cap- j
tains. 1 see all about me on this floor gentl"-
men from the East and the West; gentlemen ij
distinguished in other walks of life than this ; j:
gentlemen whose hands are not unused to the !j
touch of a sword-hilt, any one of whom could !|
raise troops enough in his own district to meet
all the forces that Spain could land on our soil,
and by any one of whom the task of sweeping
Cuba clean of Spanish troops would be effect-
ually and promptly performed.
Mr. Chairman, let us not cease to remember
in the discussion of this question that the Span-
ish forces and the Spanish Government seek
to perpetuate slavery as well as their own rule
upon the island, while the Cubans fight for the
negroes freedom as well as their own. Let
us not forget that fact, nor think it unbefitting
this nation to assist a people who are engaged
in wiping out the last vestige of human slavery
from this continent and the adjacent islands.
Mr. Chairman, the last objection made to
the recognition of Cuban independence, or even
the admission of Cuba to belligerent rights, is
perhaps the most difficult to overcome at this
time. Doubtless it hampers and obstructs the
Administration; doubtless it impresses the
stamp of hesitancy upon that which would other-
wise be done quickly and without hesitation.
Certainly it presents a large obstacle in the
path wherein our duty and our destiny I believe
alike call us to march ; and yet thin obstacle
known as the Alabama claims is, perhaps, not
so very serious after all. Let us consider for
a moment how it came that there are Alabama
claims, and if there may not be some better
and wiser course left for us to pursue than to
tie our hands now, as a sort of dignified and
gentlemanly rebuke to England i'or having
refused to tie her hands eight years ago. When
the war bro'-3 out, or rather after it had pro-
gressed a very short time, England and Prance
accorded belligerent rights to the confederacy,
and thereby excited the indignation, nay, the
anger, of the American people ; and when
vessels were fitted out in British ports,
constructed with British money, armed and
equipped there and manned with British sea-
men, and sent forth to prey upon American
commerce, we were not illogical in supposing
that they were essentially British vessels, not-
withstanding the presence of confederate flags
at their peaks. When two hundred and ninety
merchants and ship-owners of Liverpool con-
tributed among themselves the money to build,
equip, and arm the Alabama we had the right to
suppose that it was done with the connivance
of the British Government with a view to render
American vessels unsafe mediums of trans-
portation, and so of increasing the carrying
trade of British vessels. Why, sir, assisting to
fit out confederate war ships was as much a
part of the business expenses of the British
ship-owner of 1861, 18G2, 18f>3, and 18G4 as the
construction or repairs of his own vessels. It
was a shrewd, safe, and expeditions way in
which to cripple and destroy uie commerce of
a rival, and it was remarkably successful. As
a matter of investment England could afford
to send out the Alabama, even though her
rulers might think that in the end she would
be called upon to pay the full value of the
American ships and cargoes which were de-
stroyed. Because, sir, it was not tangible
property alone that ascended to the clouds in
the smoke and flames of burning vessels. The
rates of insurance on American bottoms and
goods transported therein, the ability to com-
pete with British ship-owners, the good will of
the carrying trade of the world, all went up in
the column of flame; and while, perhaps,
twelve or fifteen million dollars' worth of visi-
ble property was thus destroyed, the news of
its destruction transfex-red possibly hundreds
of million's worth of freight to English vessels,
condemned American merchantmen to rot at
the wharves, and wrested from us the best part
of a commerce which then stretched its seep
ter over every sea.
When the war was over it was natural that
the American people, smarting under a sense
of injury inflicted upon our merchant marine by
British cruisers under the confederate flag—it
was natural that they should seek some repara-
tion, some atonement from England therefor.
