1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
Ibr J. 0. G*oro«.
llr.McKwuie—1.
For Caionti Hie*.
Mr. Nieholsoi—1.
For John Smith.
Mr. Boaae of Calhoun.—1.
For Join II. Surall. |
Mr. Street—1. , I
For John Williamt. '
Mr. Williams—1.
■ffhea Senator Hancock's name wa3 called he mado
the following explanation of his vote:
"Mr.President, I vote for Mr. Revels underpro-
iM;* WhilelhavenooUieetionatohimonacooantof ■
his race or color, for I was elected to a Beat in this
bodv upon a platform which made no distinction in j
this respect for civil or political officers. Bat as a i
lawyer I am not satisfied that ho is eligible to bo a j
Senator, not having been a citizen of tho United :
States nine year?, as required by the Federal Consti-
tution."
Whole number of votes oast     119
Xecessary to a choice     ......... 60
Mr. Revels having received a majority of all votes
cast was declared clectcd.
Mr. WILSON. That will do. The other ■
papers need not be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The other papers are
merely the record kept by the clerk of the
senate to supplement the other. It is not
necessary to read them at large. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a certificate i
authenticating that paper?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is, signed officially
by the clerk of the honse.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that there is a certificate authenticating
tli6 pftpcrs
Mr?TRUMBULL. Let the certificate au-
thenticating the paper be .read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Clerk's Office
House of RKPBBSBKTATivtg,
Jackson, Miss., January 25,1870.
I certify that the above is a correct abstract of tho
proceedings of tho house of representatives. State
of Mississippi, as recorded in the official journal of
the house for the 20th day of January, 1870.
ROBERT J. ALCORN,
Clerk of the House.
Mr. DAVIS. Is there any seal to the cer-
tificate of the clerk of the house ?
Mr. POMEROY. The elerk of the honse
of representatives does not have any seal.
Mr. DAVIS. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts which of those papers
he files or presents as the credentials of the
person who asks to be admitted to a seat in
the Senate?
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that I have presented a certificate of the elec-
tion signed by the Governor and the secretary
of State; also a transcript of the proceedings
of the two bouses of the Legislature in that
election, signed by the clerk of the senate;
and also the proceedings in another form,
signed by the clerk of the house of repre-
sentatives, certifying to the record contained
in the journals of the Legislature of that
State.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, Mr. President, sepa-
rately and altogether I think they are informal
and insufficient as testimonials of the election
which they profess to show. The objection
taken by the Senator from Delaware is cer-
tainly valid as to the certificate of the provis-
ional governor that this person was elected
a Senator from the State of Mississippi. It
does not meet the requisition of the law xead
by the Senator from Missouri, and it is not in
conformity to the practice of the Senate ever
since I have had any knowledge of its practice.
I concede, as the honorable Senator from
Illinois stated, that members are often admit-
ted to their seats and qualified in both Houses
without the production of any return at all,
and that was so in relation to my first quali-
fication as a Senator upon this floor. But the
practice has been uniform in both Houses,
according to my recollection of it, that when-
ever the party who presents himself as a Sen-
ator or a Representative is challenged he has
to produce the legal testimony of his election;
and unless it is produced, he is denied to take
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—Ho. 95.
his seat until he can produce it. That is my
recollection of the uniform usage and practice
of thfc two Houses.
The Constitution provides that each House
shall be the judge of the qualifications, elec-
tions, and returns of its members. Suppose
an individual presents himself to the bar of
one of the Houses and asks to be admitted to
a seat, and he is challenged to produce his
right to claim a seat, and lie is unable to pro-
duce any evidence of that right; does it not
follow as a matter of course that he is denied
admission to that seat until he can produce
the evidence or the returns of his election ?
That proposition, sir, is beyond doubt. Here
is a commission or a testimonial signed by
General Ames, provisional governor of the
State of Mississippi. The law read by the
Senator from Missouri requires that the testi-
monial shall be signed, not by the provisional
governor, but by the Governor.
Does not every man, sir, know that the Gov-
ernor of a State is not the provisional governor
of a State; that the provisional governor of a
State, appointed by military authority upon the
arbitrary will of the Commander-in-Chief, with-
out any authority of the Constitution or law,
but in defiance of and trampling under foot the
Constitution and the law, is not the Governor
of the State in the sense in which that tertn is
used in the Constitution and the law of Con-
, gross? Sir, when we speak of the Governor
; of a State we do not mean a provisional gov-
ernor ; we do not mean a military governor;
; we do not mean a man with epaulets upon his
; shoulders, who has been assigned by extraordi-
| nary appointment of the President to discharge
the duties of provisional military governor. No
| such officer is described or denominated by that
; phrase; but it is the Governor of a State; a
Governor organized by the constitution of a
State j a Governor elected by the people of a
! State ; a civil officer, the chief civil executive
officer of the Commonwealth, whose office is
organized by the people, who has been elected
by the votes of the people of the Statei He
is the Governor, and no other officer is or can
I be the Governor of a . State in the sense in
which that term is used even in the act of
Congress read by the honorable Senator from
Missouri.
Sir, that aetof Congress uses no different
phrase from all the State constitutions or all
the Acts of Congress that speak of the Governor
of a State. How do tbev denominate him?
Howdo they describe him ? They speak of him
as the Governor of a State, attd no learning,
no sophism, can establish that a mere military
provisional governor is the Governor of a State
in the sense in which that term expresses the
officer and the office to which it refers.
Well now, sir, as to the other documents that
have been read upon this occasion, we have no
evidence here that they are genuine. The sign-
manual and the certificate of an officer appended
to an official proceeding is not legal evidence
of the exemplification of that proceeding. The
very test, the touchstone of an exemplified copy
is that it must be made by the officer having
the custody of the record, and it must be made
with his seal of office attached to it. If it is
not made in that form it cannot be received as
legal and valid testimony. Every lawyer is
familiar with that rule of evidence. This body
is composed mostly of lawyers. Suppose a
record should come to the Supreme Court from
thfe State Of Mississippi, would the judges of
that eourt receive that record as a proper and
legal exemplification unless it was certified
with the seal of office of the officer who had
certified to it attached ?
Why, sir, in the course of my practice in
courts I have knowot thousands of cases, or at
least hundreds, in which unexceptionable cer-
tificates, in the ftp test and most artificial form,
attached to exemplifications were rejected
because they needed the official seal of the
officer certifying to be attached. I therefore
think that the objection taken by the honorable
Senator from Delaware both to the certificate
of the provisional governor and the copies of
the journals from the two houses of the Legis-
lature is well founded. The papers are not
in form, are not legally authenticated, and
therefore cannot be received as evidence of
their contents.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I propose
at the proper time to offer a resolutionto refer
the credentials of the two Senators said to have
been elected from Mississippi to the Judiciary
Committee; but at this particular point I desire
simply to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that on tlie 132d page of the last Army
Register I find the name of Adelbert Ames
as a lieutenant colonel in the Army. I find
that he has been breveted to be a brigadier
general, no doubt for gallant services in the
war, as he only entered the Army in 18G1. The
credentials before us are signed " Adelbert
Ames, Brevet Major General and Provisional
Governor." On the Army Register opposite
his name I find "commanding the fourth mili-
tary district."
Mr. President, it is the duty of this Govern-
ment, as we have heard constantly for Weeks,
to guaranty to every State in the Union a re-
Eublican form of government; and we have
een told that only those States are entitled to
representation in Congress which have a repub-
lican form of government; and yet the creden-
tials here presented are signed by a brevet briga-
dier or major general, and you carry on your
Army Register the man who signs the creden-
tials as ia man commanding a military district
of the United States.
Remember, Mr. President, that I am not
now saying that this is not right. I am simply
saying that this credential is not good, because
it does not purport to come from a State with
a republican form of government; and I arp
justified in those positions when I consider the
public acts of Congress. It has always been
considered in the Senate of the United States
that on the presentation of the broad seal of a
State the man bearing her commission was
entitled to admission to take his seat on this
floor, and whatever troubles or difficulties there
might be about his election were to be consid-
ered afterward. That I believe to have been
the practice of the Sefnate, and that is the
correct practice. But, sir; we have been legis-
lating for weeks, indeed for the whole seSsion,
for the purpose of admitting the State of Mis-
sissippi to representation. These gentlemen
do not come here, according to your own posi-
tion, as do Senators from States that have
never been in rebellion. They come here, if
they come at all, under your reconstruction
acts; and I aay that coming here under those
! acts they should present to you credentials from
a republican State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend from
New Jersey a question?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator whether
with him and his friends who are making this
opposition there is anything behind this mere
technical objection; Whether thereto not objec-
tion to the reception of the Senator?
Mr. STOCKTON. I said that I had a reso-
lution to offer; but at present meant simply to
treat the preliminary question. I have no
right now to speak on other questions When I
have before me a simple question. At the
proper time and on the proper occasion, if the
Senate desire me to do so and the Senator
from Vermont desired to hear me, I shall be
perfectly willing to speak just as long as he
wishes on the other matters to which I suppose
, he alludes. „   .
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
! on the reception of the paper submitted by the
i Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilsox.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I will simply
say that I do not think gentlemen- can throw
any sort of mystification over this matter. It
is very plain. Up to this day General -Ames
has been provisional governor of Mississippi.
