3394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
vided for as Congress has seen fit to provide
for them. But now I ask upon what ground
is to stand this act which disfranchises them ?
There are many duties which they can per-
form. They can perform duties on courts-
mnrtial. There are many duties in the way
of inspection of forces and forts and fortifica-
tions and improvements, aud various things
which the War Department can assign these
men to properly aud profitably with regard to
the interests of the service ; duties to which
they may have to send an officer from the line
of his duty which he is required to perform,
unless they can avail themselves of retired
officers.
The amendment which I have proposed
gives them no additional pay and adds no ex-
pense to the Government, because any other
otF.cer serving in the same way has his expenses
and mileage paid, and this merely removes
what isan actual disfranchisement on a retired
officer. By this act he is branded; it is ren-
dered impossible for him to be assigned to any
duty which he is just as fit to perform and just
as able to perform as any man in the Army.
How that act got through here is more than I
kno.w of. It certainly, I think, could not have
passed if the attention of the Senate had been
called to it.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to ask the honor-
able Senator what his amendment is?
Mr. CARPENTER. To repeal it, and pro-
vide that any retired officer may be assigned
to any duty except with troops; that is, he
may sit 011 courts-martial, he may be sent on
inspection tours, and all that, and when so serv-
ing he shall have his expenses and mileage,
and no additional pay except that.
Mr. THAYER. Allow me to ask my friend
from Wisconsin a question. What is his view
in regard to the assignment of such officers to
any civil duty? Does he mean to permit that
to be done, or to prevent it?
Mr. CARPENTER. It is undoubtedly
owing to the fact that I am a lawyer and not
a statesman that I am habituated to confine
mvseif to the question before the Senate. As
to the other act which has not passed* if it
shall ever come before the Senate I will form
an opinion about it; but it is not here now,
and I do not suppose it is to be brought here
by an amendment to this bill.
Mr. THAYER. I shall oppose the amend-
ment of the Senator if these retired officers
will be permitted to be assigned to any civil
office separate from the Army.
Mr. CARPENTER. The section is clear
of all ambiguity on that subject. An officer
in the Army assigned to duty is assigned to
military duty. He cannot be assigned to civil
duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if there
is a law which prevents retired officers serving
in civil office ?
Mr. CARPENTER. There is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where is that law?
Mr. CARPENTER. It was passed about
that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is barbarous,
to prevent retired officers, when out of the
Army practically, from holding any little posi-
tion they may be called to.
Mr. CARPENTER. One eaanotboa mayor
of a city or electcd to any office by the people
of the community in which he resides.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is
any such law.
Me. WILSON. There is.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be repealed.
I move an amendment to this section, to add:
And all .laws and all parts of laws prohibiting a
retired oSieer from holding any civil employment
are hcrebyr&pealed.
3Ir. WILLIAMS. I call the attention of
tlie Senator to section twenty-one of this bill.
Does not that provide that retired officers may
Jiuld a civil office? It provides:
Ihat it shall not be. lawful for any officer of the
Army of the United State* on the active Jist to hold
any oivil offiee, whether by eleotionor appointment,
and any such officer accepting or oxoroisuvg the func-
tions of a oivil offico shall at once coa«e to be an offi-
cer of the Army, and his commission shall be vacated
thereby.
The prohibition applies to the officers oh the
j active list. I suppose the implication is that
officers on the retirfed list would have that right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
I should like to inquire of the Senator from
Wisconsin whether the way his amendment is
' framed it would allow retired officers to be
assigned to duty as professors of colleges. We
have a statute now by which officers of the
! Army may be detailed to the position of pro-
fessors in colleges to teach military tactics;
and I understand that as the law now exists
retired officers cannot perform that duty.
Mr. CARPENTER. This amendment, I
think, would authorize them so to do. I con-
sulted with the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Ames,] who is so recently from the Army, upon
the phraseology of the amendment to accom-
plish the object proposed; and he suggested
that the phrase "except service with troops"
accomplishes precisely what we want, and will
allow them to be assigned to any duty except
to the command of troops or to service with
them in forts, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would that be consid-
ered a duty according to the definition given
by the Senator from Wisconsin, that an assign-
ment to duty necessarily meant military duty ?
Would that embrace their acting as professors
of colleges ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I think it would em-
brace any duty which the Secretary of War is
now authorized to assign an Army officer to
except with troops.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He cannot do this except
j on the request of the colleges. It is hardly
! a military duty. I think it is desirable that
1 retired officers should be permitted to be detailed
1' or assigned to those professorships.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me it might
be questionable whether that is a military duty,
' technically.
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
| from Ohio proposes to add to the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin:
I And all laws or part* of laws prohibiting retired
officers of the Army to hold civil offices are hereby
'1 repealed.
| The question, however, is on the amendment
: of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to add my
j amendment to that.
1 Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
i from Ohio that we have taken care of that
| matter. The amendment of the committee
| provides that any officers on the active list
shall not hold oivil offices, but Army officers
who have been retired may hold civil offices.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where is that?
Mr. WILSON. In the twenty-first section
of our amendment. I will say to the Senator
from Wisconsin that the provision of law he
desires now to modify was passed a few months
ago. It had been passed in the House a long
while ago, but was not agreed to here until it
was pressed from the highest quarters and with
the greatest vigor. I do not believe in it; I
did not then and do not now. I am willing
to see this amendment adopted. I think some
of these retired officers can sit on courts-mar-
tial ; I think they can sit on boards of inquiry;
they can be at the head of the soldiers' homes;
they can do duty in the colleges; they can
perform anything of & military nature except
service with troops; and there is no reason in
the world why they should not be allowed to
be so detailed. I like this amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will modify the amend-
ment I offered, as suggested by the Senator
from Illinois, byaddingafterthe word "troops"
the words " and may be detailed to serve as
professors in colleges."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin modifies his amendment
It will bo reported, as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, a,
modified, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That an act of Contrrr^
approved January 21,1870, entitled "An notrcliitin 
to retired officers of tlie Army," bo, and tho sail b
hereby is. repealed; anil any retired officers miiy im
assigned to any duty, except service with troops mid
may be detailed to servo as professors in colleRcs •
but while so serving shall bo allowed no additional
compensation except actual expenses and inileaeo
providod by law.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts refers n>e to section twenty-one ; and
instead of curing it, I fear it only con firms the
evil. The pay to a retired officer is nothing but
a pension. It is an addition to the pension-list,.
Mr. WILSON. A retired officer may hold
an.office now. General Sickles, our minister
to Spain, is a retired officer of the Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. I asked a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs distinctly if there
was any law forbidding the holding of civil
office by a retired Army officer, and he said
there were several such laws.
Mr. WILSON. This bill as it came fr om tlie
House of Representatives provided that no
Army officer sliould hold any civil office. In
the twenty-first section of our amendment we
have so modified that provision as to say that
no officer of the Army on the active list shall
hold any civil office, so that Army officers on
the retired list may hold appointments or may
be elected to office.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is only by infer-
ence. I will not press my amendment to this
amendment; but section twenty-one reads as
follows:
That it shall not be lawful for any officer of the
Army of the United Statos on the active list to hold
any oivil office-whether by election or appointment,
and any such officer accepting or exercising tho func-
tions of a civil office shall at once cease to be an
officer of the Army, and his commission shall be
vacated thereby.
That is right. An officer on the active list
owes his whole time to the Government; but
an officer on the retired list is a pensioner,
retired for good cause with a higher pension
than is provided by law in other cases, and I
think there ought to be an amendment to that
section providing expressly that no provision
of law shall be construed to prohibit retired
officers from holding a civil position.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. CarpEnterI]
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senator from Wis-
consin if under his amendment retired officers
may not be assigned to the performance of the
duties of any civil office, as, for instance, super-
intendent of Indian affairs or Indian agent?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not think there
is any such thing as assigning a military officer
to perform the mictions of a civil office. If
the Senator means to inquire whether a retired
officer may be appointed by the President to a
civil office, that is another question, and is cer-
tainly not provided for by this amendment. This
simply authorizes the Secretary of War, or the
proper superior, to assign a retired officer to the
performance of some military duty. It can-
not be anything eke, because there is no such
thing as assigning an Army officer to be a
judge of the Supreme Court, or assigning him
to be a postmaster or an Indian agent or au
assessor of internal revenue, or anything else.
Mr. THAYER. That has been done, and
is done to-day.
Mr. CARPENTER. I guess not.
. Mr. THAYER. Supernumerary officers are
assigned.
Mr. GARPENTER. Supernumerary officers
may be appointed to civil offices.
Mr. THAYER. They are assigned to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that we shall
pass a law which will prohibit the holding of
civil offices by military officers; and I would
like to know of the Senator from Ohio if he 13
in favor of having General Butterfield holding
