492
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Wilkinson.
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
story of these atrocities. He undertook to
undervalue them, notwithstanding our Secre-
tary of State wrote to the Spanish minister
what I have just read. Mr. Fish says in the
same connection:
"This principle has controlled their proceedings
with regard to the war in Cuba. It does not, how-
ever, admit the indefinite protraction of a conflict
m a contiguous territory, such as that which has
existed for the past yoar in that island—a conflict
marked with cruelties and destrnction and devasta-
tion without parallel in modern civilized warfare.
To quote again the language of Riquelmc, ' Human-
ity and the essential interests of other Powers may
at length compel their action.' "
Mr. Speaker, I read that letter months ago.
I followed in the line marked out, patriotic as
I believed that line was, by the Secretary of
State. I followed it with earnestness, with
sincerity, with truth, and with zeal. Now that
the Administration has changed front on this
question, the President has sent in a message
demanding that all those who followed in the
line then marked out, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and all who
agree with him, shall change front also. And
why is this? lias thero been any change of
circumstances in the island of Cuba? Not at
iill. Murders are still going on with impunity,
while atrocities of every description are mul-
tiplied. That fair island is being desolated to-
day as muck as when, on the 18th of October
last, Mr. Fish directed the note to which I
have referred.
Mr. Speaker, gentlemen tell us that there is
no war in Cuba, when more than forty thou-
sand men have been murdered in this conflict.
I know that the war in Cuba, to us who have
just come out of the greatest war of the cen-
tury. may seem a small thing, But we must
riMiieinbcrtJiat according to tiie message of the
President those very Cubans have to-day as
great an aimy us that which General Scott led
into Mexico, and with which he captured its
Government. There are as many men to-day
marshaled under the Cuban flag as that gallant
old hero led on to victory in Mexico.
Well, Mr. Speaker, J say there is war in
Cuba. I do not care for the assertion that
they murder their prisoners; there is war never-
theless. Was there not tho less war in the
•South because the rebels murdered thirteen
thousand of our prisoners at Andersonville ?
Will any ono pretend that there is force in such
an argument, as that? There is no foree in it.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let us see what tho
President, says in his message with regard to
this conflict. But here I must make a little
digression, to allude to my friend and colleague
on the committee, the honorable gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. OitTlI.'J I shall read a
quotation from the speech delivered by my
friend this afternoon, which I obtained from
the reporter, lie objected to the passage of
our resolution because tho word "contest"
is used, and he said :
"Thevt'ord'conlest' is war. It has been so decided
bv tho courts everywhere. Tho allegation i>y this
Itouso that a war exists in Cuba is an acknowledg-
ment ot the boUigcrcney ot the parties engaged in
thcwai ; .indivhcn theroissuehan acknowledgment
by this (.overument, either through iu legislative
branch or through its executive branch, all tho re-
sults and. consequences which attach to a state of
iH'Uittoroncy instantly att.ieli to us having recog-
nized the belligerency ot Cuba.'1
Now tho President gays :
" On either side tho content has been conducted,
unit is suii earned on, with n lamentablo disregard
o! human lue and of the usages and praetiees which
model a rivihMtion lias prescribed m mitigation of
tiie necessaiy horrors of war."
1 he points assumed in the President's mes-
sage, as 1 understand, are these:
First, there lias been no war in Cuba in the
sense in which the word "war" is used in inter-
national law.
My answer to that is the letter of the Secre-
tary of State, to which I have referred, the let-
ter of his own Cabinet minister, the head of the
Department of Foreign Affairs. And I think
that that is a full and conclusive answer.
Second, that the contest going on in that
island is barbarous and inhuman ; that one side
is as brutal as the other, and therefore we can-
not sympathize with either.
The third proposition is, that there is anarchy
in Cuba, and that the Spanish Government is
not able, more than the Cuban Government,
to protect the lives and property of American
citizens in the island.
The fourth proposition is, that if belligerency
is accorded the commercial marine of the Uni-
ted States becomes liable to search and seizure
by the commissioned cruisers of both parties;
becomes subject to the adjudication of the prize
courts.
Mr. Speaker, from that conclusion I beg here
and now to dissent. I never have refused, and
1 trust I never shall refuse to declare what I
believe to be right on behalf of this nation for
fear of any such consequences as these. Our
commercial marine will suffer 1 That is the
gist of the whole objection to the action which
we propose to this House. It has been urged
in our committee, it has been urged npon this
Moor, ithns been urged in private conversation,
it has been suggested everywhere. Sir, has it
come to this ? Must the United States, for mere
dollars and cents, come down from the high
position they have assumed among the nations
of the earth, in order to save a few ships from
being searched by tho Spanish Government?
We may as well meet that issue now as at any
other time, if we cannotdeclare tho truth for
lear of such consequences, then let it be known
before the civilized nations of tho earth. If we
are afraid to do so, lest our commerce may
suffer, then 1 say that the United States can
no longer maintain their supremacy among the
nations of (he earth. We have not gained our
proud position, Mr. Speaker, in consequence
of the number of dollars that we hold. Wo are
not, by any means, the richest nation of the
earth, but we hold our commanding position
among the nations to-day in consequence of
the principles which have guided the course of
this nation, in consequence of the heroism, the
devotion to liberty and the adhesion to princi-
ple of the American people. The moment that
we surrender it for fear that our Navy may be
endangered or our commercial marine may
sutler that moment we lose our prestige and
power among tho nations of the earth.
l1,'ar be it from me ever to surrender ono jot
or tit.tlo of tho power this nation has attained
in consequence of its adhesion to the principles
of liberty in times gone by. My colleagues
may do it if they will; Representatives in this
House may do it; but I will not. I would
rather have war with Spain a hundred times
over, war with Spain and France combined,
rather than that it should be understood that
we are afraid to express our just sympathy for
the oppressed Cubans, or to declare the fact,
which the world knows, that war exists between
them and Spain, lestour commerce might suffer
by it.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another consider-
ation, a purely commercial one, connected with
this matter; and these remarks are personal to
myseW; they have no relation to the report of
the committee. It is amatter which is entirely
ignored by the President and the Administra-
tion in considering this question. We in the
Mississippi valley, which" an eminent philoso-
pher of Switzerland declared to be tho great
vegetable garden of the world, are engaged in
raising grain which weare unable to ship abroad
iu consequence of the high tariff on freights. It
is shipped at such low rates to the producers
that it does not pay them to raise it. My col-
leagues from the Mississippi valley can all
attest tho truth of this. It costs us nearly
seventy cents a bushel to ship ottr wheat from
Minnesota to New York by rail; but by the
Mississippi river to the islands of the Gulf of
Mexico we can ship it for twenty cents a bushel.
Now, I admit that there is a little selfishness
in this. We western men are entitled to the
market of Cuba and of the Gulf of Mexico.
That market belongs to us, and whenever we
can get it legitimately and properly, without
violating our obligations to other nations, we
ought to lay our hands upon it and take it, and
particularly when such a conflict is going on
there as has been going on for some time.
It is the strangest thing to me in the world
that the American Government does not sym-
pathize with these people in this struggle. I
would keep within the rules of international
law; but if keeping within those rules I could
by sympathy or moral force obtain control of
that trade 1 would do it. We are here spend-
ing a whole year in devising artificial means
to restore our foreign commerce, and we ignore
the very means by which we can really revive
it. The commerce of Cuba alone would be
worth millions annually to this Government
if we could control it. All that we have to do
is to will it, and it is under our control. We
can reach forth and take it. Its acquisition
would cost us no sacrifice of money, no aban-
donment of principle, no violation of interna-
tional law or comity, no surrender of estab-
lished usage, nothing at all but a simple, manly,
declaration in the interests of humanity and
Christian civilization. Did the English Gov-
ernment, which to-day controls the commerce
of the sea, ever miss such an opportunity as
this 1
Why, General Kosecranz said to me here the
other day—and I presume he said the same
thing to others—that we ought to control the
commerce of Mexico; and ho said that when
in Mexico as our minister he did all he could
to secure that control, and yet our Govern-
ment will not aid General Ilosecranz or any-
body else to go down there arid seize hold of
and control the commerce of Mexico iu a
legitimate way and by honest and fair means.
With such a foreign policy as that which now
controls, how can we ever expect to gain su-
premacy of the seas? There seems to be a
disposition on the part of our people to keep
everybody at home, and if a merchant goes
down there and attempts to control tho com-
merce or trade of that country> people all
around say ho is a fool, and ask why he did
not stay at home. England does Jiot adopt
this policy. She sends her merchants to Cuba
and Mexico and to the islands of the sea and
to the South American States, and through
them she is enabled to control the commerce
of tho world.
Mr. Speaker, gentlemen tell us that we must
stand by and see this carnage go on in Cuba,
and when we talk about, expressing ourselves
in regard to it they say, "'Why, what do you
propose to do; are you going to involve this
nation iu a war? We have had war enough."
No, sir; we do not propose to involve the na-
tion in a war; but we do believe that there is
such a thing in this world as moral force, and
we believe that when a Government possess-
ing the moral power of the Government of tho
United States expresses its solemn judgment
that the acts of the Government of Spain are
contrary to the civilization of the age, that she
is outraging the public judgment of mankind,
that her arrests and confiscations and murders
can no longer be tolerated without awakening
the just indignation of tho civilized world, Spain
dare not and cannot resist such a public and
authoritative declaration as this.
Now, I do not believe that such an utterance
would be without its influence, far more potent
than fleets or armies or subsidies. And tbe
man who raises that objection mistakes the
power and the force of the public sentiment of
mankind.
Now, I wish to say a word or two about the
