2450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Tiie next amendment of the Committee 011
Appropriations was in. lino three hundred and
forty-seven, to increase the appropriation "for
rent, watchmen, and laborers for the building
on the corner of Fifteenth and Fstreets, occu-
pied by the Paymaster General," from §2,500
to $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire to call tho atten-
tion of tho chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations to an error in this bill, in lino three
hundred and forty-two, making an appropria-
tion for "expenses of the Senate Committee
on Retrenchment." There is 110 such com-
mittee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have made the
proper correction in that case.
The next amendment was to insert after line
three hundred and sixty-seven the following:
For secret service fund, being required to sottJotho
accounts of disbursing otlicors, ancl not involving any
actual disbursements, $75,000.
Mr. NORTON. I should like to have the
chairman of the committee explain that amend-
ment. It seems it is an appropriation for tho
secret service fund, not to be drawn from tho
Treasury, but to allow disbursing officers to
settle their accounts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it simply enables
the accounting officers of the Treasury to bal-
ance the accounts of these disbursing officers ;
it appropriates nothing actually; that is to say,
on certain accounts in he Treasury disbursing
officers are charged with this amount, and on
certain other books of the Treasury they are
credited. Now. this sum is to enable the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to balance
those Recounts. *
Mr. TllURMAN. Is it necessary to make
an appropriation for that purpose?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is necessary
to makoanappropriation so'hat they will carry
one over the other, precisely as in the case of
the collector of customs at Boston, as I shall
showyou presently. That is all there is of that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont- Let me ask
the Senator from Maine whether we are to
understand that some of the funds which were
not appropriated to the secret service fund
have been used for that purpose, and that this
is to make up the deficiency ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not under-
stand that to bo tho fact, but I do not know
how that is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that that
is the explanation of it. This money has been
paid out during the war. Tho actual appro-
priation for that particular service probably
was exhausted, and the money was paid out by
the disbursing officers in the ordinary course
of business; and this is necessary to balance
the accounts. The money has actually gone
out of the Treasury long ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is tho fact
about it, I presume, liere is "an estimate of
an appropriation required to meet a deficiency
in the secret service fund, for the service of
the fiscal year,7' &e.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend,
as I was more familiar with the appropriations
during tho war than he was, that there was
power during the war to transfer funds from
one service to another. That power is now
cut off, I think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is, entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. Probably no question in
regard to this transfer would arise until these
officers filed their accounts for settlement, and
then a difficulty might occur. The appropria-
tion to which they should be credited would be
exhausted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Secretary
says:
" The above amount is required to .-euie accounts
ol disbursing otlicers lor expenditure* already made.
It 1.-5 merely a transfer of credits on tiic books ol' the
Treasury."
This is from the Secretary of War ; and so
of these other items.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line three
hundred and seventy, to insert, " for contin-
gencies of the Army, $50,000."
Mr. NORTON. I should like to have some
explanation of that. We have a regular Army
appropriation bill, nnd the expenses of the
Army are estimated for, and provided for in
that bill. I should like to have some explana-
tion of tho deficiency of this amount.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will read the
note of the Secretary of War, in which he esti-
mates it:
"The appropriation for contingencies of tho Army
is niftdo to meet such expenses as are not provided
for in other estimates, and embraces all branebos of
tho military service. It, is to b« disbursed under tho
immediate orders of the Secretary of War. From
it are paid tho fees of attorneys employed by tho
War Department expenses of suits, costs, charges of
■State penitentiaries, caro ami maintenance of Uni-
ted States prisonorscoii lined thoro, detectives, scouts,
and lor the compensation of pro\ ost marshals"—
Appointed by tho Secretary of War in 1802.
"Many claims of tho latter class were not settled
and pnitl until this fiscal year, which, added to tho
usual current expenses of tho sorvico, havo reduced
-tlio amount, $100,000, appropriated lor tho year so
mueli as to rouuiro tho amount estimated for in tho
next six months."
This appropriation has heretofore been
$150,000 instead of $100,000, as it was last
year. The Senator understands that since
1802 this deficiency has been accruing, by rea-
son of the expenditures specified, on account
of the branches of tho service specified in this
communication.
Mr. NORTON. Are not those expenses esti-
mated for and appropriated for in the general
appropriation bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to insert after line
three hundred and seventy-one, "for expenses
ofthe recruiting service of the regular Army,
§50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to insert after line
throe hundred and seventy-three, "for four
watchmen and two laborers for the building 011
the corner of F and Seventeenth streets, $720.''
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was, to insert after lino
three hundred and seventy-six, "for fuel, com-
pensation of firemen, and miscellaneous items
for the building, $5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to insert after lino
four hundred and seven the following:
1'or earc and improvement of grounds south of the
President's 1 louse, Su,U0U,
l''or repairs of Kreen-houso at President's House,
and purchase of plants, $1,000.
.tor casual repairs of Potomac, navy-yard, and
upper bridges, $5,000.
Mr. NORTON. I should like to call tho
attention ofthe chairman to the appropriation
" for repairing and refurnishing the President's
House, $25,000." Is that a deficiency ? lias
there been that amount expended beyond what
was appropriated ? And is this ail appropria-
tion for that deficiency?
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. The appropri-
ation is what is nccessary to be expended
between this and tho 1st of July next.
Mr. NORTON. Then this really is not a
deficiency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The purpose of
a deficiency bill is to supply what the service
demands. It has not been absolutely expended,
but if is what will need to be expended during
the current year. My recollection as to these
item* is that the appiopiiations were very low
last year. They were cut down very low, and
I have already said all I care to say about the
general matter. Now it is found that for this
particular service we are short so much for the
current year which ends on the 30th of June
next.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out lines four
hundred and twenty, four hundred and twenty-
one, and four hundred and twenty-two, as fol-
lows :
To pay John S. Willard & Go. _the amount, duo
them for furniture for Treasury building, Sf4,27o.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ate will not concur with the committee in that
amendment. That item was stricken out be-
oause we had no evidence in regard to it. Since
the bill has been reported to the Senate the
papers, which were before the House commit
tee when this item was put in, have been sub-
mitted to the committee, and we have become
satisfied that the account ought to be paid. It,
is for a balance due for mirrors furnished the
Treasury Department.
Mr. COLE. The papers show a settlement
of the account, and there is no question about
tho propriety of leaving the item in the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was after line four
hundred and twenty-seven, to insert:
N aval Aoademy :
For finishing additional quarters for midshipmen
now in course of construction, as per contract en-
tered Into July 13,1867, $30,000.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the bill.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ram-
sey.) Has the Committee on Appropriations
any further amendments? Those reported
with tho bill have been gono through with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Maine to amend the bill by in-
serting after the word " Government," in the
seventh line on the first page, the words "for
the fissal year ending June 30,1870," so as to
make'it a bill to provide for this current year,
as the title states.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I accept that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to move
an amendment on the second page, to insert
after line thirty-three "for additional com-
pensation of nine watchmen in the Post Office
Department, at $120 each, §1,080."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 5, line
ninety, I move to strike out "continuing"
and insert "completing," and inline ninety-
one to strike out "$15,000" and insert
"$04,703;" so that the clause will read, "for
completing the work on the court-house and
post office at Des Moines, Iowa, $34,753."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. After line one
hundred and twelve I move to insert "for con-
tinuing the work on the marine hospital build-
ing at Chicago, Illinois, $50,000."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I wish to
ask the attention of the chairman to the appro-
priation under the head of "Internal Revenue
Bureau," 011 page 3 of the bill:
For rent, dies, paper; for stamps and incidental
expense::', including tho eo.--L of subscriptions for such
number of copies of tho Internal ltevenue Record
and Customs Journal as the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury may deom necessary to supply revenue officers,
$300,000.
This is a deficiency bill, and these $300,000
are to supply some deficiency. Now, I want to
know what was the appropriation before which
has fallen so far short that we are asked to add
$300,000 to it. 1 should like to know also
something about the items. "For rent"—rent
of what ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They rented a
building on Fifteenth street.
Mr. THURMAN. The Internal Revenue
Bureau ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Internal
Revenue Bureau rented a building on Fifteenth
street last year. They have now got into the
Treasury building, and this year we make no
appropriation for rent. The item for paper
my friend will understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iiow much is the rent?
