1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4389
past six years and taken up the more valuable
portion of the land. The committee in this
case arc controlled by the same reasons pre-
cisely that controlled Congress in the other cases
to which I have referred. The principle the
honorable Senator refers to is undoubtedly
right, that Congress as a general rule ought to
grant only the odd-numbered sections.
Mr. THAYER. In the cases to which the
Senator refers he says settlers had gone on
and taken up a portion of the lands, and then
the road was permitted to take up those that
were left. Was it?
Mr. HARLAN. Permitted to take up even
sections in lieu of those.
Mr. THAYER. Where the odd sections
had been taken up by settlement?
Mr. HARLAN. Where odd and even sec-
tions had been taken; where the settlers had
gone on just as they have in this case.
Mr. THAYER. Then the Senate will ob-
serve that that is not at all a parallel case with
this, for the lands were taken up by settlers,
and there was no objection to the railroad taking
the rest; but it is here proposed, after one road
has taken the odd sections, that another shall
take the even section; so that none are left for
settlement.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator say there
are no settlers there?
Mr. THAYER. Onaportionofthelinethere
are not, probably; but that does not tally with
the views of my friend from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose we strike out
all odd sections ; will the Senator vote for the
bill then ?
Mr. THAYER. No, sir; I shall not.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought so.
Mr. THAYER. I shall not, because I claim
the odd sections in the State of Nebraska for
the Nebraska road, and I shall claim them ;
it is my right and duty, representing in part
that State. We have a preference for the lands
there over a foreign corporation, especially
when the road which that foreign corporation
proposes to build is not called for by any pub-
lic policy or public interest. My friend from
Ohio suggests that there is a line of road run-
ning from St. Jo to Kearny, another road
with a grant already obtained and being built,
and with which this Central Branch will run
parallel.
Now, what is the object of this road ? The
people of Nebraska do not ask it; the people
of the country do not ask it; but certain par-
ties set up a claim to it, and beleaguer Con-
gress to allow it for the land subsidy. I repeat
again no public policy, no public interest
demands the construction of this road. This
question has been passed upon heretofore, and
the grant and the subsidy were denied.
Now, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to another peculiar feature in this bill,
to be found on the top of page 3 :
But no land sliall bo selected above twenty-five
miles from said road, nor shall any of the lands ot
said company be hereafter subject to homestead set-
tlement or preemption under the laws ot the United
States.
The third section of the original charter of
the Union Pacific railroad, passedin 1862, con-
tains the following provision :
"And all such lands, so granted by this section,
which shall not be sold or disposed of by said com-
pany within three years after the entire road shall
have been completed, shall be subject to settlement
and preemption, like other lands, at a price not ex-
ceeding $1 25 per acre, to be paid to said company.
I call the attention of the honorable Senator
from Iowa, who is so familiar with this bill, to
this provision, which I think, if I am not mis-
taken, he incorporated in the charter of the
Pacific railroad. I do not know the fact.
Mr. HARLAN. I think I drafted that sec-
tion of the act; and I will say to my friend
from Nebraska that I would vote for that pro-
vision as an amendment to this bill, and to
every other railroad grant.
Mr. THAYER. I must say to my friend
from Iowa that I do not find that clause in the
original bill which he introduced some months
ago, giving this grant to the Central Branch
road. He omitted it then. #
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Sena-
tor will permit me, I stated the reason when I
was on my feet a few minutes ago. The rea-
soh was this: the Pacific Railroad Committee
thought that this company was clearly entitled
to all the lands described in the law of 1864
and bonds to the amount of $16,000 per mile.
But there is a difficulty in procuring that con-
struction of the law in the Department. The
Secretary of the Interior takes a different view
of it; but the Secretary admits that in equity
this company would be entitled both to the
bonds and to the land. In that state of facts,
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad thought
it was no more than right to provide that this
company might have as many acres of land as
they would have been able to secure under the
law of 1864, if they will obligate themselves
legally to make no further claim for bonds.
That is the reason of the report of the bill in
its present shape.
Mr. THAYER. My friend will recollect
that the Senate has decided by a vote that this
company was not entitled to bonds.
Mr. HARLAN. No; I think not. I think
there has been no vote of the Senate that could
be construed in that way precisely.
Mr. THAYER. The company have so con-
strued it, because they have relinquished their
claim to bonds, and now come in and ask for
a subsidy in the way of lands to make up for
the bonds.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of my friend
from Nebraska if his real objection to this bill
is not his fear that if this road were to be con-
structed, tapping the Union Pacific railroad
west of the bend in the Platte river, it may
draw off a great amount of freight down toward
St. Louis that otherwise would be compelled
to go to Omaha?
Mr. THAYER. My friend from Iowa is
rather given to assigning motives to others.
He did it the other day in another case. He
has done it again; and he can continue to do
so. As to the motives of Senators, I think it
best not to raise any question.
Mr. HARLAN. It would not be a dishon-
orable motive, I suppose.
Mr. THAYER. Not at all. I will state to
the Senator from Iowa that I have not thought
of that consideration. It has not entered into
my mind during this debate, and has had no
influence upon me whatever. Let me remind
the Senator that there are other parallel roads
that will tap the Union Pacific. The Burling-
ton and Missouri will tap the Union Pacific.
The Brownville, Fort Kearny, and Midland
Pacific will tap the Union Pacific. The St. Jo
and Denver road will tap the Union Pacific,
and is building up to it. I do not thinK 1 should
charge the Senator from Iowa with being influ-
enced with so small motive as that.
But let me say to the Senator from Iowa that
Omaha does not need to make any opposition
to this grant on any ground of that character.
I do not speak in behalf of Omaha. Omaha
is a city standing on her own ground, her own
solid basis, and she needs no such outside
influence. Eight railroads center in Omaha
to-day, and she cannot be injured by the con-
struction of this road and its joining with the
Union Pacific road.
I say to the Senator from Iowa that I am
governed by no such motive as that; and let
me say in addition, that it is hardly ingenuous
and fair to question the motives of Senators.
However, I do not suppose the Senator does
it with any other than kindly feeling. I speak
in behalf of the southern portion of the State
of Nebraska, through which this road is to go.
It is because the people there are opposed to
it that I especially make this opposition.
Mr. POMEROY. They were opposed to it
last year, and yet the Senator voted then for
a grant both of bonds and lands.
Mr. THAYER. They had manifested no
feeling on the subject at all at that time. I am
voting now in accordance with their express
wishes, so far as I can find them out. My friend
from Kansas need not raise any question of
consistency in regard to these railroads. He
has been identified so long with railroads in
the West that I imagine if I were to go back and
look up his railroad record, I might find some
changes and some deviations from a contin-
uous line.
_ But, sir, I was calling attention to the pro-
vision in the bill which I read that repeals the
clause in the original railroad charter of 1862,
which expressly declares:
, " And all such lands, so granted, &o„ shall be sub-
ject to settlement and preemption, like other lands,
at a price not exceeding SI 25 per aero, to bo paid to
said company."
The provision in the original bill which I
read repeals that clause. I ask the Senate if
they are ready to repeal that homestead pro-
vision? I do not believe that the Senate intend
to do it, or that they will do it when they fully
understand it; and yet this bill expressly de-
clares that no lands selected within a belt of
fifty miles wide shall hereafter be "subject to
homestead settlement or preemption under the
laws of the United States." There is no mis-
taking its meaning. It prevents any home-
stead settlers from going upon the lands. Sir,
it is the most gigantic monopoly of this age.
I shall consider it most extraordinary if the
Senate sanction the provisions of this bill.
I desire to call attention to another fact.
The Hannibal and St. Jo railroad, which is
rceognized in the original charter of the Union
Pacific, made an assignment of all their rights
and franchises to the Atchison and Pike's Peak
Railroad Company. This Central Branch, as I
understand, obtained the charter of the Atchi-
son and Pike's Peak railroad. Ami not corrcct
in that?
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that is so.
Mr. THAYER. They therefore received all
the grants, franchises, and benefits which the
Hannibal and St. Jo road had assigned to the
Atchison and Pike's Peak road. I find by
Executive Document No. 91 that one condi-
tion of that assignment was the following, to
which 1 invite the attention of Senators:
"And this assignment is subject also to the express
conditions th.it the s.iid new road bo not worked in
connection with any line of road or interest adverse
to that of the Hannibal and St. Joseph llailroad Com-
pany. It beincc agreed between the parties, and it
essential condition and consideration of this assign-
ment, that the said Atchison and Pike's l'eak rail-
road shall, at all limes hereafter, bp wotked in con-
nection with the Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad,
each road Kivin? the other all the business it can
influence or control, so that in every rcspect, so far
as the working and business of the two are concerned,
they shall be conducted as fully each for tile other's
benefit as they would be if both were used by one
company."
Mr. POMEROY. If the honorable Senator
will remember the old law, it was this company
that had the right and was required to extend its
road, so that that provision had to be inserted
to comply with the first law. The original
law read something like this: the Hannibul
and St. Joseph railroad of Missouri is hereby
authorized to extend its road via Atchison
to a connection, &c. It had to be an exten-
sion of that road in order to comply with the
original act.
Mr. THAYER. They had to put in a con-
dition like this to control the traffic, did they ?
Was that the reason?
Mr. POMEROY. It would not be an exten-
sion of their road if it was not on that course.
Mr. YATES. Let me ask the Senator from
Kansas whether he thinks if they made such
an agreement it ought not to be carried out
by the assignee as well as by the original con-
tractors ?
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the assignees
are obliged to carry out all the legal provisions
of that kind.
Mr. THAYER. In the first place, 1 deny
the power of any company to mate suc.i an
assignment of a charter or a franchise; but 1
shall not stop to comment on that now. 1
deny, as a principle of l&w7 that tlio iianuiuQ-l
