870.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493-
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Biver and Harbor Appropriations—Mr. Finkelnburg.
Ho. of Reps.
report of the minority of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. They propose simply that
hereafter there shall be. no ships fitted out in the
United States for European Governments to
coerce their colonies on this continent; that
there shall be no more ships fitted out here as
Spain fitted some out a few months ago to coerce
her colony of Cuba. That is the great panacea
which they offer to settle this whole question.
Any one who listened to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Oetii] who spoke so eloquently
in favor of that report this afternoon would
have thought that they had discovered some-
thing new that would change entirely our rela-
tions with the Governments of Europe; that
their proposition would be powerful enough to
produce the result they say they desire.
Now, look at it. What is it? That France
and Spain and England shall no longer come
to this country and build ships of war with
which to coerce their colonies. Now, every-
body knows, it has been demonstrated on this
floor over and over again, that ships can be
built in England one third cheaper than they
can be built here. It would make an English-
man or a Frenchman laugh to tell him that he
shall not come here to build a ship of war,
when we are proposing to tax the American
people in order to enable our builders to com-
pete with England in the construction of ships.
What a wonderful discovery they have made,
to be sure!
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You com-
plain that Spain built some liere last year.
Mr. WILKINSON. They were small affairs ;
one of our big ships could blow the whole thirty
of them out of the water.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They did
not do much harm, then.
Mr. WILKINSON. They did this harm :
they gave Spain moral support, which has en-
abled her to maintain her authority in Cuba and
to protract the war there. I do not know that
the boatsthemselvesdidanygreat harm, except
that they did the United States harm by mak-
ing it a party to any such infamy and cruelty
as exist on that island, such as the President
declares is against the civilization of the age.
Now, wo cannot afford to let this pass. The
Government cannot afford to shut its eyes to
the terrible outrages that are being committed
on that island, within sight of our very shores.
We cannot say, as said Cain when he was inter-
rogated, "Am I my brother's keeper?" It is
the duty of this Government to exercise the
power of the nation and the moral support
which it can give in favor of these institutions
which we have attempted to build up in this
country. We have no right to see our fellow-
men trampled in the dust when, by our moral
support at least, we can save them from such
desolation and cruelty.
The President says at last what I was sorry
he said, and I think if this message could be
recommitted to him it would be somewhat
amended before it would come back to us.
lie says in his message :
" Tt is stated on what I have rcuson to regard as
good authority that Cuban bonds liayo been prepared
to a large amount, whose payment is made depend-
ent upon the recognition by the United States of
either Cuban belligerency or independence. Tho
object of making their value thus contingent upon
the action of this Government is a subject ot serious
reflection."
J saw to-day one of those bonds passing
around this House, and I understand there has
been a committeeor a sub-committee ordered,
or something of that kind, to inquire into
the corruption that has existed in this House
by reason of corrupt use of these bonds; and
yet in the same breath the report of the
majority is opposed on the ground that there
is no revolutionary government in Cuba. Now,
it' there is no government in Cuba these
"■o-called Cuban government bonds are but a
myth, ff there is no authority or pretended
authority to issue thorn, who could be bribed
by them ? What value would they have more
than so many pieces of blank paper in any
contingency if there is no legitimate or proper
government to issue them ?
I am sorry the President made any allusion
to thein in his message, because it certainly
creates the inquiry in the mind, have there
not been some other influences exerted besides
those employed by the Cubans ? I would like
to ask the honorable gentleman who has charge
of this inquiry concerning Cuban bonds if he
has instituted any inquiry into the amount of
monoy the Spanish minister has disbursed in
order to prevent the recognition of the belli-
gerency of Cuba. I wouldhke to know whether
it is in the knowledge of this House how much
money has been paid out by the Spanish Gov-
ernment in order to influence Congress against
taking the side of humanity in this question.
Now, I admitthat I knownothing aboutthis
matter except from hearsay; but whenever this
ciy of " mad dog!" or "stopthief 1" is raised
we may well conclude there is something in
the background that might be developed if it
were properly inquired into.
It lias been and is now pretty generally
believed that Spanish gold has been liberally
expended in this country to crush out or smother
the sympathies of the American people in be-
half of their oppressed countrymen in Cuba.
Whether this is so or not 1 cannot say; but one
thing we all know, and that is, that there have
been some very sudden and very marvelous
conversions in favor of Spain in and around this
Capitol.
In my action upon this matter I have been
influenced by the principles which have gov-
erned me ever since 1 have had anything
to do with political affairs. There has been
but one light which has guided my feet in rela-
tion to national affairs, the light which guided
the footsteps of our fathers when they started
out in the perilous pathway that led through
fields of carnage and of blood to the estab-
lishment of enlightened free Government on
this continent. And if I can do anything to
extend the area of that benign Government,
and to bring under its protection and influence
other peoples on this continent, I shall think
that I have done something for humanity.
I admit that I believe our institutions to be
better than any other; and now that the curse
of American slavery is wiped out from this
country, I admit that I cannot help sympathiz-
ing with any people, particularly on this conti-
nent, who are attempting to follow in our foot-
steps. I admit that I have a sympathy for the
Cubans who followed with longing hearts the
triumphant march of our brave army, with
which my honorable friend [Mr. Looan] was
associated, as it swept down the Mississippi
river, stretching down to Atlanta and from
Atlanta to the sea, and from Savannah back
again to join the grand old army of the Poto-
mac, wiping out the accursed institution of
human slavery in its triumphant march. I can
but sympathize with our fellow-men in Cuba
who watched the slow and patient march of
that grand army ; and when they undertake to
emulate our example, I am surprised that theie
should be here or anywhere an American who,
believing in American institutions and Ameri-
can freedom, docs not sympathize with the
Cubans in their struggle for independence.
I know they have labored under great disad-
vantages ; I know they have been obliged to
take to the mountains ; I know they have had
to abandon the sea and the towns of the sea;
but I would hardly expect a lover of liberty to
blame them because they took to the mountains
and there, like some of the Scottish chiefs of
olden times, fought in the clefts of the rocks
for their liberty, against the oppressor of a
common humanity. I am astonished that such
arguments as we have listened to should be
brought forward by those who favor the tri-
umphant march of American liberty all over
this continent.
As for me, I do sympathize with the Cubans
in this struggle; and although the President
says they are as inhuman as the Spanish au-
thorities, in my judgment they have been driven
into their cruelties in self-defense; that they
have been obliged to do just what was recom-
mended by some men in Congress during the
rebellion ; for it will be remembered wo were
urged to retaliate on the South by treating the
prisoners we held as they treated ours at Ander-
sonville.
River and Harbor Appropriations.
ee marks op hon. g. a. finkelnburg,
06' MISSODlir,
In the House op Representatives,
June 13, 1870,
Oil the bill (If. R. Wo. 2092) making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works on rivers and harbors, and for
othor purposes, for tho year ending Juno SO, 1S71.
Mr. FINKELNBUHG. _ Mr. Chairman,
there are but two appropriations in this bill
which may be said to be local to the State of
Missouri: one for the survey of St. Louis har-
bor, and the other for the survey of the Osage
river, with a view to its improvement for nav-
igation. As to the former the well known im-
portance of the subject speaks for itself. As
to the latter i will state that the Osage is the
largest and most important tributary of the
Missouri river j it is about three hundred miles
long, navigable most of the way, and in its size
belongs to the same general grade as the Ten-
nessee, Illinois, and Minnesota. Though long
neglected it is destined to become an import-
ant and necessary link in the great water trans-
portation system of the Mississippi vallej'.
Taking its rise in the State ofKansas, it soon
enters the State of Missouri, and flows through
one of its most beautiful valleys, a valley noted
for the depth and fertility of its soil as well as
its mineral wealth, the latter embracing lead,
tin, zinc, iron, and copper. All these riches
require nothing but the ordinary means of
transportation to develop them and bring
them to market. Even us it is, theteu counties
of my State diained by the waters of this river
represent a taxable wealth of nearly twenty-
five million dollars, as will appear by the fol-
lowing table based upon the assessment of
1868:
Valuation
cf property.
Bates  fe464,51f>
Vernon  2,515,1)08
St. Ciair  1,900,00." 
lienry  4,367,752
Benton  2,800,41->
Morgan  
(Jam-den  842,60.'
Miller 
Cule 
Osage 
Total 
It is estimated that the extent of teriitory
which willbedheetly benefited by the improve-
ment of this river cannot be less than eighteen
thousand square miles, or greater than the
whole States of Massachusetts and New Hamp-
shire combined. The Osage river is navigated
at tho present timo by a number of small
steamers, butobstructions which could be easily
removed prevent its free navigation and de-
stroy the greatest part of its eminent useful-
ness. The obstructions consist principally of
loose gravel shoals and some rock which can
be removed at a comparatively small cost by
the General Government, and the removal ol
which would make this river one of the great
highways of transportation.
The people everywhere demand cheap v/ater
