1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2451'
Mr. THURMAN. It does not specify; it is
all lumped up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not remem-
ber the amount of rent. There was the rent
of that large building occupied by the Internal
Revenue Bureau to be paid. 1 will say in a
general way that the appropriation for the year
was a round sum, I think about eight millions.
It covers the entire collection of the internal
revenue of the country. They happen to be a
little short, and this is to carry on the service
to the end of the current fiscal year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of the chairman whether there is any detailed
estimate of the items making up this $300,000,
or looking toward it, furnished by any of the
Departments?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it will
be found in the estimates of deficiencies.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I can gain the atten-
tion of the Senator from Maine for a mo-
ment 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let him answer my ques-
tion first.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is that ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whether there is any
detailed estimate from the Department making
up this $300,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was going to answer it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state, with the leave
of the Senator from Maine, that up to this time
the appropriation for the internal revenue
service has never been in detail in the mode
adopted in regard to all other branches of the
public service. The appropriation last year
was in one gross sum, I think seven or eight
million dollars for the whole internal revenue
service. But the service has now arrived at
such a state that in my judgment—and I merely
submit it to the Senator from Maine for his
consideration hereafter—the expenses of the
internal revenue service ought to be classified
and divided and put under various heads. It
was not done during the war. The whole in-
ternal revenue service has sprung up since
18G3, and we could not classify it at first. For
instance, there ought to be so much appro-
priated for collectors, so much for assessors,
so much for rent, so much for clerk hire, &c.,
just as is done in regard to all the other De-
partments of the Government. That has not
been done heretofore, simply from thefactthat
there were no sufficient aids to enable us to
make a particular classification of the expenses
of the internal revenue service; but I think
now it has gone so far that it can be done, and
then we shall have some control over it. This
deficiency of §300,000 I suppose is a defi-
ciency to cover the whole internal revenue ser-
vice; but I think it would be a proper objec-
tion to the next appropriation bill if these
items were not classified. I suggest to the
Senator from Maine whether it would, not be
worth while to call on the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to classify the various items
in the same mode adopted in regard to the
other Departments?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Ohio is worlhy of
consideration. I will say, however, that we
have made some changes in the bill already
reported to the Senate on that subject for the
next fiscal year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio propose any amendment to
the bill?
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot, on a bill that
has passed the House of Representatives and
passed our committee, move to strike this
appropriation out. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. For the inform-
ation of the Senatorfrom Vermont, I refer him
to page 36 of the estimates, where these items
are detailed somewhat.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But that is for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not intend
to refer to the Senator from Vermont so much
as to the Senator from Ohio. On that page
he will find the various items detailed as they
never have been before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very glad to see that
that is done. I suppose the next appropria-
tion bill will be classified accordingly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I was going to say that
I cannot, after this bill has passed the com-
mittee of the House, and passed the House,
and passed the committee of the Senate, vote
against the proposition to make this appropria-
tion, although it is so large as $300,000. I
think that when such appropriations are asked
by Departments we ought to have a detailed
statement from them showing the necessity for
them, and that our committee does not appear
to have. So far as I have heard, we have not
even any recommendation from the Depart-
ment. It does not appear how this appropria-
tion got in here at all of this §300,000 for the
Internal Revenue Bureau. An appropriation
of seven or eight million dollars for the Internal
Revenue Bureau is made in gross. If that is
not sufficient, of course there ought to be some
communication from that bureau which shows
how it is not sufficient, wherein it is not suffi-
cient, why it is not sufficient, and estimating
what is'necessary to make up the deficiency.
Here we are acting without any such informa-
tion, as it seems to me, and, so far as I can
understand, with nothing at all before us, and
not a Senator knows why and upon whose
authority and upon whose recommendation it
is that we are voting away a third of a million
of dollars in this one item.
But I proceed now to call the attention of
the chairman to some other matters 
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to offer an amendment from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. On page 12, after line two
hundred and seventy-one, I move to insert:
To enablo the Secretary of the Interior to pay, and
ho is hereby authorized to pay, such sum as on ex-
amination he shall find justly duo and incurred m a
survey of tho grounds and river near the aqueduct
bridge, ill tho District of Columbia, under a joint
resolution of Consross, approved March 2,18G7. out
of any money in tho Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, not exceeding the sum of 83,980.
By a joint resolution passed in 18G7 it was
made the positive duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to make a survey of the river at the
point designated in the amendment. He did
so, and it has never been paid for. I hold in
my hand a letter of the Secretary suggesting
this amendment. It has been examined by
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
approved by them, reported back, sent to the
Committee on Appropriations, and approved
by that committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 17, after line three
hundred and ninety-nine:
And it is hereby provided that the district attor-
neys shall bo allowed such compensation as may be
deemed reasonable by the Attorney General for ser-
vices rendered in making reports in pardon cases,
said compensation to bo paid out of any money not
otherwise appropriated.
I will state that there is a considerable amount
of service rendered by district attorneys, for
which, in the opinion of the officers of the In-
terior Department, there is no compensation
provided by law. The Attorney General is of
opinion that they can be paid under the law,
but as there is a difference of opinion between
the two Departments on that point, it is deemed
advisable to insert the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. What cases are referred
to—"pardon cases?''
Mr. SAWYER. I mean cases submitted by
the Attorney General to the district attorneys
in the various districts for report as to the evi-
dence, &c., when a pardon is applied for by those
who have been convicted.
Mr. CONKLING. Under what statute is
i that?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know that any
statute calls for it. 1 only know that the Attor-
ney General is in the habit of sending to the
district attorneys whenever an application is
made for a pardon for areport onthe case in the
district where the conviction was obtained, and
there is no statute which in the opinion of the
accounting officers of the Interior Department
justifies compensation being .allowed for this
service. The Attorney General is of opinion
that the district attorneys should be compen-
sated for it, and that there is a law which will
properly justify the allowanceof compensation.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator has been furnished by the Attorney Gen-
eral with the reason for his opinion, I should
be glad to hear that.
Mr. SAWYER. Tho reason given by the
Attorney General was that it was a work which
was not in the direct line of their official duty,
extra work, and should command extra com-
pensation. The Senator is more familiar than
I am with the duty performed; but such are
the facts. Two or three cases have been brought
to my attention, and I have had a conference
with the Attorney General on this point.
Mr. CONKLING. Without being very famil-
iar with the particular point, I confess that the
suggestion strikes me as being extraordinary.
In my own State there has been, I believe from
time immemorial, a statute which authorizes
the Governor in terms to call upon the district
attorney , and also upon the judge who presided
at the trial, for a statement embracing the opin-
ion of either or both those officers, depending
upon whether one or both are called upon,
touching the merits of the case, the incidents
of the trial, anything known which would bear
justly upon an application for a pardon. But I
never y et heard the suggestion made that the dis-
trict attorney ought to be paid for his response
to this executive inquiry ; I never heard of an
instance in which a district attorney claimed
it; and yet the officers to whom I refer are paid
a salary, and that only and commonly a very
meager salary indeed, no fees or perquisites of
any kindbeing allowed, they having been swept
away by a somewhat ancient statute.
Tlic district attorneys of the United States
receive a nominal salary, and then they receive
fees up to a maximum point named in the
statute; and, as we all know, these officers in
respect of emoluments, as compared with dis-
trict attorneyships in the States, might almost
be called great officers. I can hardly see, there-
fore, looking at the question comparatively, or
looking at it absolutely, why a district attorney
should be paid for informing the President of
the United States in such a matter, for render-
ing to him such information as he has acquired
in the course of his sworn duties for which he
has been compensated. I do not wonder that
no such statute has been fouud, and I think I
shall be prudent in saying that during the last
twelve years at least no suggestion has been
made in either House that there should, be such
a statute. If reasons exist for it now it seems
to me they must be novel reasons, of recent
origin.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know the fact,
except so far as it has been asserted by the
Senator from New York, whether any such
proposition has ever been made before. It
was brought to my attention in this way : a
district attorney having rendered such service,
and having sent to the Attorney General's
Office a bill for the service, was informed that
the Secretary of the Interior did not consider
himself authorized to pay such bills, but was
also informed, as I myself was informed, that
the service was proper and ought to be paid
for. It was a service thatdid not belong regu-
larly to the line of his duty. .
Mr. CONKLING. Has it ever been paid
for by the Government?
Mr SAWYER. That is the very thing this
amendment is intended to provide—that it
shall be paid for. The Attorney General also
brought to my attention a case trom another
