1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
tional law is read by her ministers in one way
to day and in another way to-morrow, still I
believe a careful examination of the precedents
established in the early history of this country
will show that the American doctrine has been
uniform from the start, and that we can afford
to stand to-day on that doctrine just as Minister
Adams laid it down in his correspondence with
Earl Russell.
And let me say farther that I do not under-
stand that any recognition of Cuba would neces-
sarily interfere with our pressure of the Ala-
bama claims. They stand upon the fact, as I
consider it, that Great Britain allowed the Ala-
bama to escape from her ports when by her
own laws she should have prevented that es-
cape. Those claims stand upon a ground sepa-
rate entirely from the premature recognition of
belligerent rights of the confederacy. Behind
all our Alabama claims is the American doc-
trine still, and if we are ready to-day, in favor
of some filibustering movement, to abandon
this doctrine, if we start out upon this career
of espousing the cause of every insurrection
that may lift its head against any established
Government, it may perhaps be as well to
begin with .Cuba as with any other.
But I conceive that this movement in favor
of the recognition of the belligerency or inde-
pendence of Cuba does not spring from any
idea that our doctrine ha3 been wrong hitherto,
but it is inspired rath"r by a desire to grasp
that island. Still I would maintain in our
relations with Spain the same high tone, the
same American doctrine that we maintain in
our relations with England. I would not say,
because Spain is a weak Power, that we will
do with her what we would not do with Great.
Britain. I would not say in the case of the
island of Cuba what 1 would not say if Jamaica
were in insurrection to-day; and if the island of
Jamaica were to-day in the same state of insur-
rection that prevails in the island of Cuba I do
not think any gentleman on this floor would
ask that belligerent rights might be accorded
to the insurrection or that the independence of
Jamaica might be acknowledged.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, resumed
the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me that I may offer the reso-
lution which was read at the desk some time ago.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. J yield to
the gentleman for that purpose.
KKPUDTATIOlN OP THE NATIONAL DK1ST.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The resolution
which I wish to offer is as follows :
Resolved, That tho proposition, direct or indirect,
to repudiate any portion of tho debt of the United
States is unworthy of the honor and good name of tho
nation, and that this House, without distinction of
party, hereby sets its seal of condemnation upon any
and ail such propositions.
I ask unanimous consent that this resolution
be agreed to by the committee, and that the
Chairman be directed to report it to the House
with a recommendation that it be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
that order will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Allison re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the annual message of the President of
the United States, had directed him to report
the following resolution :
Besolved, That the proposition, direct or indirect,
to repudiate any portion of tho debt of the United
States is unworthy of the honor and good name of tho
nation, and that this House, without distinction of
party, hereby sets its seal of condemnation upon any
and all such propositions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On this resolu-
tion I call the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
is it too late to object to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is entirely
in order. It is competent for the Committee
of the Whole, having under consideration the
President's message, to make any report which
the majority of the committee may indicate,
and on the rising of the committee such report
comes immediately before the House for its
action.
Mr. DAWES. 1 desire to state that after
this question is disposed of I propose to move
that we rescind the vote by which the House
agreed to adjourn overfrom to-day until Mon-
day. I understand that several gentlemen de-
sire to make speeches in Committee of the
Whole which they would be glad to make to-
morrow. It is not contemplated by my prop-
osition that any legislative business shall be
transacted to-morrow.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe that after the
vote upon adjourning over there was a motion
to reconsider; which was laid on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I make the proposition at the
suggestion of others. The matter makes no
difference to me personally. The object is to
give those who desire it an opportunity to ad-
dress the House to-morrow. I give this notice
so that gentlemen who desire to vote on the
question may remain.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Ohio whether he insists
upon calling the previous question upon this
resolution ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. I submit the question whetherthe Com-
mittee of the Whole by reporting this resolu-
tion to the House disposes of the President's
message?
The SPEAKER. Not at all. This may be
considered in the nature of a partial report.
Tho action of the Committee of the Whole on
the President's message may not be exhausted
after hundreds of such reports. The Com-
mittee of the Whole have not reported back
the President's message, hat merely report that
they have come to this resolution thereon. The
President's message may be the foundation of
any number of reports from tho Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like to ask whether
there is any objection to "oting on this reso-
lution?
The previous question was seconded ; there
being—ayes ninety seven, noes not counted.
The main question was ordered ; which was
upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Is it in order
to move that the resolution be laid upon the
table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. Then I make that
motion, and on it demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
let me suggest that we have only about half a
House present, asagreat many gentlemen have
gone home. If the vote be taken now the gen -
tleman will not have that full expression which
he desires; he will only have a half vote instead
of a full one.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Suppose the House should
adjourn on the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio, would it be the first thing in order
when we next meet ?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not care
for the yeas and nays on the resolution.
Mr. DICKEY. Is it in order to move to
adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In order that we may
have a full vote on this resolution I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. DICKEY. Let us first have the yeas
and nays ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn for that purpose.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to that. Let us
take the vote on the resolution now.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
rescind the vote adjourning over until Monday
next, so" that we may meet to-morrow for debate
alone.
Objection was made.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the adop-
tion of Mr. Garfield's resolution; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 1,
not voting 86 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Arnell, Aspor, Barnum, Beatty,
Blair, Boles, Boyd. George M. Brooks, James.
Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Cessna, Churchill.
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cox, Crebs,
Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Dox, Duval.
Dyer, Bla, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Fiten, G-arfield, Getz, Gilfillan, Harde-
man, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Hotchluss,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp,
Laflin, Lawrence, Lynch, Mayham, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, McGrew, Mercur, Jesse H.
I Moore, William Moore, Myers, Niblack, O'Neill,
Ortli, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Slocum,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith,William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Ste-
i, venson. Stiles, Strong, Swann, Taffe, Tanner, 1 ill -
II man, Twichell, Tyner, Upson. Van Horn, Ward,
I Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
1 Welker, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams.
'! Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Witcher, and
> Woodward—124.
NAYS—Mr. Thomas L. Jones—-1.
,i NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell. Bailey. Banks.
Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Biggs,
;i Bingham, Bird, Bowen, Buck, Buckley, Burdett.
; Burr, Benjamin P. Butler. Roderick It. Butler,
Cake, Calkin, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook.
Cowles, Callom, Deweese,Dickinson, Dockery,Per-
ry, Fox, Golladay, Greene, Griswold, Haight, Hale,
Hamilton, Hays, Ileflin, Hoag, Hoge, Hopkins,
Johnson, Judd, Knott, Lash, Logan. Loughridge,
Marshall. McCrary, McNeoly, liliakim H. Moore,
Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, jMungen, Neglev, Peters, Pron.-cr, Reading,
i Reeves, Rico, Rogers, lloots, Sehumaker. jbionelA.
Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, J oseph S.Smith,
Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland,
i Sweeney, Xownsend, Trimble, Van Aukon, Van
I! Trump, Voorhoes, Wells, Wheeler, Winans, Win-
;l Chester, and Wood—86.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: Mr. Speaker, I wish
to withdraw my vote, as I understand this is a
vote of censure on my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Mungen.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No, sir; there
1 is no personal reference in it at all.
Mr. WOODWARD. I did not so under-
stand the resolution as my friend suggests,
j Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that it
charges the gentleman as being unworthy, or
I that the speech was unworthy of the gentle-
II man. Although I do not agree in all that he
j! said, still I believe that he had a perfect right
;! to make that specch.
| Mr. WOODWARD. I ask that the resolu-
! tion be again read.
; The resolution was again read.
: Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is noth-
:| ing personal in that resolution.
■ Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is not our
11 intention to censure anybody.
Mr. LYNCH stated that his colleague, [Mr.
Peters,] who was unavoidably absent, would,
if present, vote in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask for the
privilege of making a single statement before
, the vote is announced.
There was no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to say,
, lest my vote be misunderstood, that I am not
nowin favor of repudiation and probably never
shall be.
; Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Probably!
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. And probably
j never shall be. I may be in a certain contin-
; geacy. If the alternative shall ever be pre-
