494
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 13,
Ho. of Reps.
River and Harbor Appropriations—Mr. Sheldon.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
transportation. It ia the great demand of the
day. Oppressive railway tariffs have demon-
strated tho folly of longer neglecting the im-
provement of those magnificent water-courses
with which nature has so bountifully blessed
onr country. The General Government is
making liberal appropriations for this purpose,
and we ask that the Osage river shall now come
in for such a share of attention as its import-
ance demands.
Kiver and Harbor Appropriations.
SPEliCH OF HON, L. A. SHELDON,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House of Rkpiieskxtatives,
June 13, 1870,
On the- bill (II. B. No. 2092) making appropriations
for the repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works in rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes, for tho year ending Jnno 30,1S71.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Mr. Chair-
man, 1 his bill was primarily reported by the Com-
mitted on Commerce. It was prepared mainly
by a sub committee, of which I had the honor
lo be a member. The sub-committee was com-
posed of gentlemen representing nearly every
section where river and harbor improvements
are demanded. The labor was arduous and
long-continued, and embraced an examination
of every interest, and duo consideration has
been given to all information presented. The
principles enunciated in the resolutions adopted
by tho House on the motion of the gentleman
Irom Michigan [Mr. Conger] guided the con-
Mtierations which have been given the subject.
It has been the design of the committeo to act
impartially, and to afford the greatest facilities
for cotuiiieiee, having at the same time due
regsud lo the financial situation of the Gov-
ei nm'Mi'.
hi ibi' consideration of an appropriation bill
wv sii'i* confronted at the outset with tho ques-
tion of economy. To economize is one of the
cardinal principles of the present, Administra-
tion, and of the parly which placed it. in power.
Prndential management, whether by individ
mils or nations, contributes to prosperity and
happiness. While this rule should dominate
at till times, and under all circumstances, there
are special reasons at this time why it. should
be applied with unrelenting rigidity. The sac-
rifices of the people (luring the late rebellion
with ol the greatest magnitude. Nothing dis-
closed in the history ol nations equals their
Kuhtmie attachment togrcat principles through-
out and since the struggle. A people so patri-
otic and self abnegating, who have sustained
without, imii iiiuv unpaialleled losses of treasure
and blood, ought to be secured against the last
farthing of unnecessary expenditure.
Too much may be said, but. too much cannot
be done to save the public moneys and to
relieve the people from (heir burdens. But in
this our action should be rational. We should
follow the rules recognized in good business
management. The necessary expenses of the
(iovermnent, and the national debt are to be
paid out of the resources of the country. A
biuden may be considered with reference to its
actual and lelative weight. An increase of
strength is equivalent to a reduction of weight.
Appropriations made to promote material do-
'.elopment, investments which result in more
i ii.ni aeonipeusatingiuereaseol'natiorial wealth,
will relatively lessen the weight of the public
burdens, and may be the wisest economy. This
,-terns to be not only the view, but the demand
.il the people, especially in relation to internal
improvements. This view has been presented
by Senators, Representatives, Governors, cora-
tmtieet, and by memorials. Upon no subject
has Congress been more earnestly importuned
than to adopt liberal measures for building up
commerce, both internal and external. A sense
of restriction prevails. There is a demand for
more latitude within which to exercise the
popular energies. The interposition of the
economy argumentis answered with the demand
tor greater facilities to create the means with
which to dischargetheobligationsof thenation.
Nor is it wonderful that the people feel as
indicated. Though the country is semi-conti-
nental in extent, population is rapidly increas-
ing. Enough to constitute a great State is being
added each year. Wants have increased with
the development of supply. Each section has
some special production which finds demand in
others. This fact necessitates a supply of means
to carry on an immense internal trade. The
commodities exported are very largely produced
in the interior and are borne to the sea-board
for shipment to foreign countries. Though our
people are not nomadic, they are by no means
stationary. Trade and travel are now so im-
mense and so rapidly on the increase that the
question of transportation has assumed an
importance which cannot be ignored. The
demands of the people are for quick time and
cheap freights. Encouragement to foreign
commerce is essential, but less so than aid to
internal. The latter facilitates the supply of
wants t.o ft greater extent than the former.
Internal lines of transportation are tributa-
ries indispensable to international trade. Pro-
ducers and consumers are equally interested.
While in every part of the country a liberal
policy would be beneficial, the more urgent
necessity exists for avenues of transportation
between the Atlantic coast and the Mississippi
valley.
The existence of an abundance of coal at.d
of valuable ores in many portions of the coun-
try lying east of the Appalachian mountains,
together with extensive water-power in other
portions, have suggested the idea that tlieStates
of the Atlantic slope are more adapted to manu-
facturing than to agriculture. The climate and
soil of a large part of this section being less
favorable to the latter than in other parts of
the country, it. is but natural that the people
have largely engaged in manufacturing occu-
pations. The alluvial lands of the Mississippi
valley gave early proofs that the intermontane
region was best adapted to the production of
food for mankind, and of raw materials to be
wrought into fabrics. Tho discoveries of coal
and ores in the interior States, and the exten-
sive application of steam-poiver have largely
deprived the eastern States of their advantages,
yet, the greater a e of those States, givingthem
a denser population, more capital, and better
organization, will sustain them for a long time
to come in their monopoly as a manufactur-
ing people. Besides, those States have the
advantage of proximity to the Atlantic ocean,
and consequently the control of imported raw
materials.
The valley States will always find it most
profitable to pursue agricultural industries. It
may be calculated with tolerable certainty that
in future, as in the past, the East will manufac-
ture for the West, and that the West will fur-
nish much of the food and raw materials to the
East. Whatever else may happen, the valley
of the Mississippi will ever be tho great pro-
ducing region of the continent. Her fields of
golden grain and snowy cotton, her numerous
herds of cattle and sheep, will place in her
hands a scepter of which she cannot be deprived,
and when her crops shall fail and her herds
perish the withering effect will be felt at the
remotest hearthstone of the nation. Naturally,
then, the exchange of commodities between
the people of the interior and of the Atlantic
coast will in future extend beyond the reach of
present calculation. That some idea of its
magnitude maybe acquired, let us examine into
some of the principal items entering into this
internal traffic.
In the year 1869 the imports from foreign
countries amounted to $418,000,000. The
exports, exclusive of coin and bullion, aggre-
gated $371,000,000. The people inhabiting the
country between the Appalachian and Rocky
mountains, from the best sources of informa-
tion, consumed $150,000,000 of the imports,
and furnished $250,000,000 of the products
exported, exclusive of coin and bullion. There-
fore, in the matter of foreign commerce alone,
products, goods, wares, and merchandise of
the value of §400,000,000 were transported to
and from the sea-board ports of the Atlantic
ocean and Gulf of Mexico. More than two
thirds of all the imports having been received
at the ports on the Atlantic north of the mouth
of the Potomac. It is estimated that at least
$200,000,000 of manufactured articles are an-
nually supplied to the valley by the eastern
States, all of which are paid for by the ship-
ments of the products of the West. It would
be entirely within bounds to say that products,
goods, wares, and merchandise of the valueof
$1,000,000,000 annually cross the line desig-
nated by the mountain range which divides the
Mississippi valley from the Atlantic slope.
In 1868 eight hundred and fifty million bush-
els of corn were produced in the United States,
and two hundred and fifty million bushels of
wheal. Deducting the quantities exported
and adding the amounts imported from the
Oanadas and elsewhere, the average consump-
tion annually pa>• capita of corn was twenty
bushels, and ot wheal live bushels. New Eng-
land raises wheal sufficient to supply her peo-
ple but three weeks of the year, New York but
three months, New Jersey always, and Penn-
sylvania generally experiences deficiencies. It
is undoubtedly true that the same proportion
is not consumed where there is a deficient pro-
duction as where there is a large surplus. But,
upon the most liberal calculation, the six New
England States, New York, and New Jersey
must obtain from the West eighty million
bushels of corn and thirty million bushels of
wheat annually with their present population.
Other States lying south of those named and
east of the mountains receive considerable
quantities of cereals from the Mississippi valley.
The cotton crop of 1869 is estimated at two
million seven hundred thousand bales. One
million five hundred thousand bales, it is sup-
posed, were raised in the Mississippi valley,
nearly all of which is transported to the east-
ern States and Europe to be made into fabric,
and returned in considerable quantities to be
consumed. New Orleans alone, by the time
the present commercial year closes, will have
received one million one hundred thousand
bales, or enough to laden one hundred and
fifty ships of two thousand tons burden.
it must be remembered that this commerce,
so largely supplied by production and consump-
tion in the interior States, must find means of
transportation at the present time over six rail-
way lines, the channel of the lakes, and Erie
canal, which is closed by ice for five months
of tho year, and by the channel of the Missis-
sippi river and the sea, which is never closed
by any insuperable obstruction. It must be
remembered, too, that forty million active peo-
ple demand an amountof passenger transport-
ation impossible to estimate. It would notbe
surprising if the existing thoroughfares should
become overburdened'with the volume of hu-
man and material freight, if producers and con-
sumers were groaning under exorbitant charges
and the overwhelming monopoly of railroad
corporations. A little study of the physical
conformation will show us that relief from lngh
rates cannot be derived from the construction
of overland thoroughfares. The people of the
central basin find themselves confronted with
a lofty range of mountains extending nearly
the whole distance from the Gulf to the lakes.
Few gaps exist through which it is practicable
to construct railways.
