2452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
State where a district attorney had sent a bill
of this kind where he had beenput to consider-
able personal expense to make the report which
was desired. Now, it ia certainly clear that
these duties are duties additional to tho ordin-
ary duties of district attorneys.
Mr. CONKLING. What sort of personal
expenses ?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know what tho
character of them was; perhaps having copies
made, involving a considerable amount oflabor
sometimes. The Attorney General said he
supposed the fees would vary from live to
twenty-fivo dollars for tho scrvice, and pos-
sibly in some case more than that.
Jlr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
must be mistaken, I think, in the value which
he attaches to the particular instance which
has been cited to him, and for several reasons,
in tho first place, clerk hire is one of the uni-
form and stereotyped allowances to a district
attorney. Therefore, the multiplication of
copies of those papers, if such multiplication
there was, is a circumstance, an official inci-
dent, clearly provided 1'or.
Now. as to personal expenses. If anybody
was dispatched to look up evidence it must
have been either a marshal or a deputy marshal,
or some one of the executive ollioors pertain-
ing to the executive judicial staff. I can hardly
suppose a district attorney would proceed
upon a journey himself for a purpose entirely
beyond the scope and province of his office.
If lie did go upon any errand makingil.proper
in the course of his duty, that would come
within odo of the evils winch I think we ought,
to correct, namely, that ho would be permitted
to cnarge constructive mileage—one of the
things wnich I think should be polished touch-
ing these officers. However, 1 will not turn
aside to speak of that. Suffice it to say, if
he went upon any professional errand mile-
age is provided for that.
IIow can it be that a district attorney, either
personally or through the agency of a marshal,
goes about and becomes subjected to expense
in order to gather the evidence bearing upon
an instance in which a pardon is applied for?
Everything that he can know is cither matter
of record in the clerk's office, or it is among
the memoranda contained in his own tie and
lile of papers, where his minutes of trial go
after a conviction has taken place. Ft is possi-
ble that a cass of this sort might arise : some
man might apply for a pardon as he would
move for a new trial, on the ground of newly
discovered evidence, that there was something
which had his counsel known it might have
availed him on the trial; and in sueli a ease
everybody will sec that the moving party, the
person presenting the application for a pardon,
would hunt up all this and would present it in
form, and the only thing that would remain would
be to scrutinize it, and then if it wore distant
from the district attorney it would not be sent
to him to makea journey from where he was to
where this alleged witness might be in order
to investigate it.
So it seems to me that the reason of the case
coincides with the uniform and the immemo-
rial usage of the Government. I think it can-
not be, speaking of the Federal jurisdiction
and of the State jurisdiction, that this class
of scrvice has ever been specially paid for.
Now, after we have gone on for seventy years
successfully, it seems to me we ought to see
some reason of recent origin for such an inno-
\ation as this.
Jlr. COLE. It seems to me there is one
objection to this amendment that has not been
alluded to. If I remember the terms of the
amendment it is prospective in its operation,
and is not confined to eases in the past alto-
gether, and therefore it is not very proper in a
deficiency bill. It is in fact establishing a rule
of law upon a matter which is not pertinent
to anything in the bill, and is not proper on an
appropriation bill for deficiencies.
Mr. THURMAN. The first thing that strikes
any Senator, on looking at this proposition, is
that there is no limit to the appropriation
except the discretion of the Attorney General.
He may pay just as much as he pleases; half
a million if he chooses. There ought to be
some limit to the appropriation, if it is proper
to make it at all. In the second place, it is not
certain that it ia prospective, as suggested by
the Senator from California. It may be in-
terpreted to be retrospective or prospective.
"Rendered" is the word, in the past tense.
Mr. COLE. I did not mean to say that it
was merely prospective, but that it was pro-
spective as well as retrospective, applying to
all cases.
Jlr. THURMAN. It may bo interpreted
both ways. It may be interpreted as retro-
spective 
Mr. SAWYER. I do not think the lan-
guage admits of any retrospectivo action. The
language is "shall be rendered," not "shall
have been rendered."
Mr. THURMAN. "Services rendered"
without the "shall be," I think. Let it be
read again.
The Cincp CuittK. The amendment reads
as follows:
Ami it is hereby providod that tho district attor-
neys shall bo allowed such compensation as may be
doomed reasonable by tho Attorney General, l'or
services rendered in malum; reports, Ac.
Mr. TIIUUMAN. "Services rendered,"
not "shall have been rendered."
Mr. SAWYER. Rather than take up the
time of the Senate at this stago I will with-
draw the amendment at present, reserving tho
right to offer it in the Senate when the bill shall
have been reported from the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish now to ask tho
chaiiman ot the Committee on Appropriations
to explain the appropriation contained in lines
ninety-nine, one hundred, and one hundred
and one:
Foreontinuinqr tho work on tho building for post
oflice and sub-Treasury in Boston, Massachusetts—
As the bill has now been amended, $050,000;
it was originally $1200,000.
Mr, RAMSEY. I appeal to the honorable
Senator from Ohio to allow mo to offer an
amendment, before he proceeds.
Mr. TTIURMAN. The Senator can offer it
at any time. Why interrupt me now?
Mr. RAMSEY. This will lead to a long
debate, while my amendment can be disposed
of in live minutes.
Mr. THURMAN. No, this will lead to no
long debate. What [ wish to know is how
much has been expended on that building in
Boston, and how much it is estimated it will
cost to complete it; or will cost when com-
pleted.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Maine. There has been
already appropriated, I believe, $800,000; tho
last appropriation was S*J00,000. The build-
ing is to cost, 1 snppo.ie, over a million dollars.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend the
bill on tho thirteenth page after line two hun-
dred and ninety-two, by adding the following:
To enable the Secrohiry of the Interior to provide
necessary tood l'or thofjissoton and V/abnctonS.'mteo
Wioux Indians, on Lao Traverse and Devil's Imko
reservations in ]>.iku;,i Terrifoiy, during the spring
and summer, and to iurnish them with implements
and seeds for cultivating: their fields, $10,000.
I presume there will be no objection to this
■amendment. If there is I shall proceed to
explain it; otherwise I shall not occupy the
time of the Senate. It has been called lor by
the local agent of these Indians and recom-
mended by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and that recommendation is indorsed by the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
atorwhether he has given notice ol' this amend-
ment?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly; it is a printed
amendment referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and offered in the Senate several
days ago,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does any com-
mittee recommend it?
Mr. RAMSEY. The subject is before the
Indian Committee, and the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs approves it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It must be rec-
ommended by a committee to be in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. The rule does not go that
far, I think, Mr. President. I have given notice
of the amendment, and had it referred to the
Committee on Appropriations; it has been
printed, and meets the approbation of the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The rule requires
that notice must be given to the Committee on
Appropriations, and also that it must be recom-
mended by some standing committee of the
Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have no doubt that the
Senato may with safety act upon this amend-
ment as though it had the recommendation
of tho chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs. I know it meets the approbation of
tho chairman. It is right in itself; and, indeed,
if it is possible for the Senate so far to pass
over its own rules, it ought to do it in this
case. I have no doubt that our neglect to do
our full duty to the Indians has led to a great
deal of expense and to all the mischief we
encounter on the western plains. Here are
two thousand ludians on tho point of starva-
tion just, in the very pinch of time, between
tho going out of winter and tho coming in
of slimmer. Their agent estimates for these
$10,000 as being necessary to furnish them
with food. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
presses it upon you, and the Secretary of the
Interior indorses it. It is eminently right and
proper. It is a very small contribution to a
very worthy body of Indians, if there bo any
such in the world; Indians who rescued a great
many white people in the massacre of 18(52 in
Minnesota, and who have been located on the
Indian reservation at Fort Wadsworth ever
since. They entered into a treaty with the
Government in 1807, not even stipulating that
specific appropriations should be made for
them, but trusting to the liberality and gener-
osity of the Government. From that time to
this I believe but one appropriation has been
made for them, and thatofavery small amount.
There are about two thousand Indians there in
this condition. I trust that the Senate will
receive this amendment and adopt it.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) If the Sena-
tor from Maine makes the point of order, the
Chair will rule that the amendment is excluded
under the thirtieth rule.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 hope the Senator will not
do that under tho peculiar circumstances ot
this case, but will leave the Senate to act on
the question.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. Ifitwereamere
matter of personal feeling I certainly would not
make the objection, but I feel constrained to
enforce the rule on the Senator. If I do not, I
shall not be able to do it with anybody else.
Mr. RAMSEY. Do I understand the Sena-
tor from Maine to say that he waives the rule?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the hon-
orable Senator did not quite understand that.
Mr. IiAMSEY. What'do I understand the
Senator to say then ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I say to the
Senator that I feel constrained to object.
Mr. RAMSEY, i do not know what con-
straint there is on the Senator. I hope we
shall be liberal and magnanimous in this case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it were a
question of liberality or magnanimity I would
extend it to the honorable Senator with all
my heart; but it is a question of the conduct of
a bill, and I am obliged to adhere to the rule
in order to meet gentlemen on this side as well
as on the other.
Mr. RAMSEY. May I ask the Senator,
then, whether he proposes to bring this bill
to a conclusion to-day?
