3896
USE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
call it. To retire them with an ordinary pen-
sion would have given too small an amount to
furnish them with bread ; and therefore it was
that this retired list was devised as a mode of
increasing the pension of these meritorious
officers, inducing them to go on the retired list
if they had arrived at a certain age and receive
a small pension, I think one half of their pay
proper. That, 1 believe, amounted to some fifty
or sixty or seventy dollars a month, barely
enough lo keep l>ody and soul together.
No«r> shall this pension conferred on them
prevent them from holding any office from an
uile fear that it may introduce into the coun-
cils of this country military influence and mil-
itary power? Why, sir, it is idle, i hope,
therefore, that in some form or other we shall
repeal or abolish all laws which prevent these
retired oilicers from holdingany office of honor,
trust, or profit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I should
have imagined that my friend from Ohio be-
longed to the regulars, as the saying is. We
do not retire volunteer officers; I believe they
Are turned out of the Army. It is only the
regulars for whom this double pension is pro-
vided. Every man who ia retired belongs to
the regular Array.
I know; but they were
Mr. SHERMAN,
volunteer officers.
Mr, EDMUNDS,
a volunteer officer.
Certainly; everybody is
You do not draft officers
for the regular Army or any other army that
ever I heard of. They belong to the regular
Array, to the regular establishment, and they
are the special objects of the favor of the Gov-
ernment, as my friend saya, giving them a
greater pension than their brethren who have
been retired altogether from the Army receive.
They are pat upon & better footing; they are
small in number; they are high iu merit, no
doubt; but yet, for every retired officer that
my friend is so aaxious to give an opportunity
to grab up every post office in the country that
is found in   given town there wilt be around
him twenty men who are just as brave ag ho,
who have served just as long as he, who in
every respect are just as deserviug as he, who
do not get one fourth the pay that he does from
the Government now; that is to say, tbey are
on the pension list, and, .as ray friend from
New York suggests, they never did get as ranch
pay when in active service. Where is the use
in % republican country, where office is free to
all who can get it, in undertaking to say that
a particular class, who get higher pensions
than anybody else, shall hold two offices at a
time, to the exclusion of thg other class, who
only get half pension and do not hold any
office '/ That ia the point.. :
Mr. SHERMAN. I signjdy say there i  no
reason for preventing them from holding any
offiee the people may choose, to eleet them or
the President may choose to appoint them to,
Mr, EDMUNDS. Exactly; that is to say,
we provide by an act of Congress to authorise
a class of the favorites of the Government, who
are small in number, to hold tiro offices, while
there are a- number of soldiers who are just
as deserving and juat as brave, not half as well
paid, and they all arouod ■them go to starve 1
That is the proposition. Now I speak for the
great mass of the officers of the Army who are
mustered out, who fill up every town and vil-
lage—intelligent, deserving men—on starva-
tion, pensions, if'offieea are to be givertj' as
they ought to be, to the military who have
again become citizens let . the civil offices be
gi veh to them, as they are no* civilians^ Tbey
need them. It costs as much to feed their
families and to support them as it does an
officer who is still in the regular Army on the
retired list, who now gets twice the pay the
pension of the other amounts to. Therefore
it is an act of justice to provide that in the
distribution of these favors, this patronage of
the Government, among the soldiers <>f the
Republic, no one soldier should receive two
pensions while any of his younger ami deserv-
iug fellows receive none. This is the propo-
sition.
Mr. THAYER. I had supposed that this
Government waa founded upon the idea that
it was a Government of the people, that the
military were subordinate to the civil authority.
I certainly have always understood the idea
and the system of Government to be that the
military should be kept entirely distinct from
and under the control of the civil department,
and I trust the day is far distant when these
two branches of the Government shall be com-
mingled, when the officers, civil and military,
shall be blended together, or when military
officers shall sit in either House of Congress.
Sir, if you once commence in this course of
allowing Army officers to hold civil offices, who
can tell where it may end? And here let me
say to my friend from Ohio that a retired offi-
cer is just as much an officer of the Army in
one geuse as if he were on the active list, for
he holds a commission from the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. He is an officer of the
Army in every legal sense.
Mr. THAYER. He is in every legal sense
an officer of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow ma to suggest
that the bill as now amended on the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin provides that
retired officers may b.e ordered into active ser-
vice.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; and hence I am
opposed to their holding civil offices. These
retired Army officeraare commissioned officers.
There has been some experience in the appoint-
ment or assignment of.officers of the Army to
civil and diplomatic positions, and I think it
should cease. If you permit these officers to
hold civil offices, to be postmasters, marshals,
Indian agents, the next step will be to elect
them to the Senate or House of Representa-
tives. Where will yon draw the line? How
can you make a distinction? I say it is the
duty of Congress to stop the system in the
beginning, and not wait until the attempt is
made to bring military officers intO'.the legis-
lative halls of Congress. My objection is not
against these officers as men, for they are hon-
orable, high-minded gentlemen, but against the
system of uniting a civil and military office in
the same person.
Sir, in the course of this debate we have
.heard a great deal about the wrong and injus-
tice done to the officers of the Army retired on
seventy-five per cent, of tbeir pay, and to those
who go out with ayear's full pay, or two years'
full pay, or a year and a half s full pay. Do
Senators recall to mind the fact that there
are thousands andthonsands of volunteers who
served gallantly, who met danger in the front>
who lost both legs or both arm# or both eyes,
and yet get but a pitiful pittance from the Got-
-ernment of twenty dollars a month? Where is
the justice of the United States on this ques-
tion? A soldier who had both legs shot off, ®c
both arms or both eyes desteoyed in the service,
gets bulthe contemptible sum of twenty dollars
a month as a compensation for such & fearful
loss! Where is yonr indignation inregard to
the injustice of this Government? Sir, it is
time that we began to think of equaliaingjfle-
tice among all instead of giving utterance to
our indignation and our denunciations upon
this proposition to reduce the supernumerary
officers of the Army.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to ask a question
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs or of some of the lawyers who atfe dis-
cussing this bill. I ask how it can be that
General Sickles can accept an office and Gen-
eral Fessenden cannot? There seem to be
two constructions to the law.
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the Senator
by saying that General Sickles cannot accept
an office according to the existing law and
General- Fessenden can. That is the truth
about it.
Mr. HAMLIN. The practical fact is just
the other, way.
may
Mr. WILSON. Any Army officer
accept an office here at home.
Mr. SAWYER. Under a State?
Mr. WILSON. Yos, or under the Govern-
ment ; but he cannot hold an office as foreign
minister or consul.
Mr. CONKLING. There is another statute
that the Senator from Massachusetts has over-
looked.
There is a section of an
Mr. SUMNER,
appropriation bill-
Mr. WILSON,
pointments.
Mr. SUMNER.
. Mr. WILSON.
Applying to foreign ap-
Yes.
The construction inregard
to General Sickles I understand to be that he
was a retired officer, and it was thought he did
not come exactly under the statute, it will be
remembered that General Butterfi«|d, who was
the colonel of a regiment, was appointed sub-
Treasurer at New York.
:Mr. ANTHONY. Was that legal?
Mr. WILSON. It was legal as far as I know;
I know nothing to tho contrary. But I think
it was a great mistake in every sense of the
word. I ask that the exact amendment pend-
ing be stated.
■ The PRESIDING OSFICER. The ques-
tion is ou -the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Cakpknter.]
Mr. WILSON. I desire to suggest an amend-
ment to the Senator from Wisconsin, to insert
after the word "may" the words "on his
own application," so that an officer retired
may on his own application accept these places,
but shall not be forced to accept them and
receive no more compensation, because it might
cost him several hundred dollars.
■ Mr. CARPENTER. That is right. I will
accept the modification.
Mr> THAYER. Now, I ask the Senator
from Wisconsin if he: will accept this amend-
ment, to insert the wooed " military" before
"duty," so as toread yassigned to military
duty?"
Mr. CARPENTER.! I understand that he
cannot be assigned to any but military duty.
If anybody thinks he can I have do objection
to inserting the word "military." ,
Mr. THAYER. It will be more Specific.
Mr. W ARNER. There cannot be any ques-
tion'about that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so taodified.
M'ri< CONKLING; :Mr.-President, the Sen-
ator from' Ohio a-few moments ago appealed
to those, around hinl': to know whether-there
were -.statutes standing in the way of officers of
tha Array holding civil offices^ I was one1 of
those who answered in the affirmative and who
helpc^to mislead him, if in truth such statutes
do not exist. . I have before me one provision
to which reference may be made; it touches
consular--and diplomatic appointments; and
when it is read perhaps Senators will be no
better able than they are now to understand
how some things have occurred in recent his-
tory. It provides?*-' >-
" That any officer of the, Asnjyor Navy of tho Uni-
ted States who shall, after the passage of .this act,
accept or hold any appointment in the diplomatic
or consulafr service of the Government, shall be con-
sidered as having resigned his said office; and the
place held byhim in the military qr naval service
Shall be deemed and taken to be vacant, and shall
be filled in the same manner as If the said officer had
resigned the game*."
This is one of several provisions which au-
thorized (hose who answered the Senator from
Ohio'to say that there are statntes prohibiting
officers off the Army from holding civil truBts.
Ho# -does the Senator from Ohio encounter
these statntes; how does he enoonnter the
Constitution-of tho United States? By a very
convenient method, a very effectual one, if he
is right in: one fact. He says retired officers
are not officers of the Array; and therefore
the reasons, which led our fathers to interpose
in the Constitution, and which have led their
descendants to inscribe these provisions on the
statiitobdokj do not apply i
