1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
«/ 7
retpect; that it should be perfectly independent.
Now, suppose that every member of Congress were |
a colonel Ui the Army in ihe service of the United :
States, and the President, who is by the Constitution 1
the Commander-in-Chief of that Army, should come
into the Halls of Congress and order each individual
member to retire immediately, under the penalties
inflicted for disobedienco of orders, to his post in the
Army, what would become of Congress ? Or sup-
Eose, while Colonel Baker was making his speech
ere this session as a member, the President had
come into this Hall and e<Smvnanded him to be silent,
or to retire to his regiment in Mexico; suppose that
in that speech Colonel Baker had spoken disrespect-
fully of his superior officer, the President, could ho
not be held responsible befftre a court-martial ? To
enlarge upon this argument 4s useless. To allow th e
two offices to bo held by the samo person would
utterly destroy the independence of Congress and
oenvert the country into a military despotism."
The cottiraittee therefore reported this reso-
lution : ■
" Retained,That EchVarS B.Bakorhasnotbeen en-
titled to a seat u a member of the House of Repre-
sentative* since tho acceptance and exeroiso by him
of the military appointment of colonel of volun-
teers from the State of Illinois, in the service of the
United States."
The reasoning of this report applies with
great force to the present case, but I will not
dwell upon that point. I only present it to
show the Senate the importance of a thorough
examination of the question presented. I ask
little, I think; of the Senate, in asking an in-
quiry by the Law Committee of this body. I
shall most cheerfully abide by any report that
the Judiciary Committee may make. I sim-
ply ask that they examine these iacts and look
at this question of habitancy in reference to
the sense in which the word was used in the
Constitution when the Convention changed the
word "resident" to "inhabitant." Theymay
examine it as speedily as possible; they may
report upon it at the very first moment. All
that I ask isthat this question of constitutional
law be not decided without investigation; that
we shall hurriedly make a precedent that will
come back at some time to do us much harm.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I rise simply
to say that I hope this case will be considered
on its own merits, and that there will not be
coupled with it the case of General Ames.
His credentials have not yet been presented.
The simple question before us is upon the cre-
dentials of Mr. Revels. There can be no ques-
tion about his citizenship. I take it. As a
citizen of Ohio, more than twehty years ago,
he was a voter, and voted- in that State. He
has siuce lived in Mississippi, and was a mem-
ber of the State senate and presiding elder of
his church, comprising a portion of the State.
There is no question about it; the evidence
is full and complete, and I hope he will be per-
mitted immediately to be sworn in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this dis-
cussion in regard to General Ames is clearly
premature ; his case is not before the Senate
and has nothing to do with the matter under
consideration. When his credentials as a mem-
ber of the Senate shall be presented, if they
ever should be, the question which the Senator
from New Jersey has been discussing may be
worthy of very grave consideration. I do not
at this time pretend to say or indicate what my
own opinion upon that subject would be. The
facts in regard to it will then have to be in-
quired into, and I hope a just conclusion will
be arrived at, not in reference to the individual,
but in reference to the principle that may be
involved in the case. " Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof."
On the present occasion we are acting on the
credentials of Mr. Revels, and I understand
there is a motion to refer them to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and they ought cer-
tainly to be referred if there is any question
of fact to be inquired into that is involved in
the presentation of these credentials. Why
are they to be referred? The question was
asked of the Senator from New Jersey if there
was any doubt about the inhabitancy of Mr.
Revels. He replied that he had heard there
was. That is very indefinite. If the Senator
from New Jersey asserts upon his responsi-
bility as a member of the body that he has
reason to believe, and does believe, that Mr. !
Revels is not an inhabitant of the State ot
Mississippi, and if he ha3 anything to base
such an opinion as that upon, it would be a
question to be inquired into. But no such
statement has been made. There is not any-
thing amounting to a shadow, so far as Mr.
Revels is concerned, to show that he is not an
inhabitant of the State.
His credentials, it is said, are not in due
form. I humbly submit, after a little reflec-
tion, that he has presented the very best evi-
dence he could present of his election to the
Senate of the United States. It is said that
he was elected before Mississippi was declared
entitled to representation in Congress. Un-
questionably. The State of Mississippi was
without a Legislature authorized to elect Sen-
ators. A Legislature had t  be organized. A
Legislature was organized; but it took some
time to do it; and after that Legislature was
organized it was for Congress to determine
whether it was a proper Legislature, represent-
ing the government of the State of Mississippi.
That we have done to-day by the approval of ;
an act of Congress so declaring.
But, sir, when we did pass that act of Con- :
gress we declared that this Legislature, which
was assembled some months ago—I do not
remember the date—which was assembled at
the time it elected Mr. Revels a Senator, is the
proper Legislature of the State of Mississippi.
Now, what is the best evidence of its action?
The certificate of the ofSeers in control at that
time. The Senator wants the certificate of the
Governor after we shall have passed this law.
That is a different person. It is one degree
removed from the testimony yon have got—the
certificate of the commanding officer, the pro-
visional governor. The fact that he was com-
manding officer does not change his character
as provisional governor. The provisional gov-
ernor, in connection with that State, under the
seal of the State, countersigned by the secre- 1
tary of State, certifies to you that that Legis-
lature, which we have declared by act of Con- |
gress is the legitimate and proper Legislature i
of the State of Mississippi to elect Senators,
elected Mr. Revels to the Senate of the United j
States for the term to expire on the 4th of
March, 1871.
It is the very best evidence we can have;
and although there was no government exist-
ing that we had declared entitled to represent-
ation until to-day, yet when we declare itenti-
tled to representation it is that Legislature that
we recognize which was in existence at the time
this election took place. We have the certifi-
cate of the officers; we have the certificate of
the person acting as Governor at the time,
under the seal of the State. We could not have
better evidence. It seems to me that we have
the very best testimony that could be brought
here; and now I know of no reason why these
credentials should be referred. When the cre-
dentials of the other Senator are presented
another question may arise.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, not for the
purpose of prolonging this debate, bat to show
what has been the character of the action of
the Senate on questions of this kind, I will
refer to the first admission of Senators from
my own State.
It will be remembered, as a matter of history,
that it wa3 a longtime after the adoption of the
constitution of Missouri before she was admit-
ted to representation in Congress. Senators
from that State were elected in October, 1820.
The resolution admitting the State condition-
ally was passed March 2, 1821, and the State
was to be admitted when the Legislature should,
by a solemn public act, declare the assent of
the State to the fundamental condition con-
tained in that resolution, and should send to
the President an authentic copy of its act in
that respect. At what date that was done I do
not have at hand the means of stating authen-
tically, but it was long after the 2d of March,
1821, when the resolution was passed, and
consequently it was sometime after that before
the proclamation of the President was issued.
And we find that when the Senators came here
at the first session of the Seventeenth Con-
gress, on the 3d of December. 1821, they were
admitted under credentials signed by the Gov-
ernor of that State in October. 1820, before the
State had an existence in reality, and the Gov-
ernor was obliged to certify the credentials
under his private seal, there being no State
seal then provided.
Now, sir, there is one case out of the num-
ber that have existed in this country where the
Senate has admitted Senators upon elections
made by Legislatures long antecedent to tne
time when the States were admitted into the
Union; and that seems to me to be an all-
sufficient answer to every objection that can be
made here on the ground that this State is not
yet admitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution of the Senator from New
Jersey, as modified.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, for myself I
intend to resist tho admission of these two
claimants for seats in the Senate at every step.
I intend to interpose an objection wherever
it can be made. In doing so I conceive that I
am acting in obedience to the highest duty
which I can render my country and its Gov-
ernment. I believe that the few members of
the Senate who are resisting these encroach-
ments upon the Constitution and these usurp-
ations of power upon the part of Congress are
the truest and, perhaps, the lastfrienrls that
our Constitution and Government will ever
have. I therefore intend to act up to my sense
of the exigence and importance of the occa-
sion, and no sneers and no denunciations will
drive me from it.
Mr. President, the majority party here is a
party that professes to be extremely devoted to
the people ; to be more democratic, and to rep-
resent a more universal reflection ofthe will of
the people than any party that ever preceded
them. What is this party doing now ? Why
is a colored man presented to the Senate of the
! United States first for admission to a seat in it ?
! There have been sundry colored men elected to
I the other House; why have not the colored per-
1 sons elected to that House who have received
testimonials of election presented themselves
for reception there ? For a very plain reason ;
the members of the House who would vote for
the reception of colored men have soon to
return to the people to be passed upon at an
election. It is different in relation to the mem-
bers of the Senate; the most of their terms
carry them beyond the next election, and they
are not confronted so directly with and have
not so immediate a responsibility to their con-
stituents as the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives would be forgiving a similar vote
in relation to the reception of colored men into
that body.
I have believed that this party is frenzied
by passion. I am still of that opinion ; but
there is " method in its madness." It never
makes an issue fairly and squarely and in time
; before the people, You have had great meas-
ures adopted. You have introduced most
novel and important principles in our Govern-
ment. You have made great encroachments
upon the Constitution and upon all the safe
precedents of the Government; but instead
of makingyour propositions beforehand before
the people, and giving the people an opportu-
nity to hear them fully and fairly discussed, and
to pass upon them according to the dictates of
reason and judgment, you have availed your-
selves of all the accidental powers that you
have had in the Government in all of its
branches, and you have forced your outrage-
ous measures upon the people of the country,
and have relied upon your capacity to bring
the people up to the advanced position which
you had assumed.
That, sir, is now the position of the Senate.
Opportunities coo Id have been gotten in many
