5284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
decree of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the
case of the British steamer Labuan:
A bill (S. No. 85) to carry into effect the
two_ several decrees of the district court of the
United States for the district of Louisiana, in
the cases of the British vessels Volant and
Science;
A bill (S. No. 86) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United
States, for the district of Louisiana, in the
case of the British schooner Flying Scud and
her cargo;
* A bill (8. No. 87) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United
States for the district of Louisiana, in the case
of the British brig Dashing Wave and her
cargo;
A bill (8. No. 88) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New York,
in the case of the English schooner Sibyl and
her cargo; and
A bill (S. No. 831) for the relief of Baron
Creutz, of the Netherlands.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish the Senator from
Maine would allow me to call up the bill grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. RAMSEY. We had better go into
executive session. There is executive busi-
ness that ought to be disposed of, and if I am
in order I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
recognized the Senator from Maine as entitled
to the floor, and lie has not yielded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Senate
to take up the naval appropriation bill, and
then I will consent that it he laid aside tem-
porarily for a few moments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, the hill
being up, I am_willing that it should be laid
aside temporarily, and i desire to submit a
report from a committee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as laid aside temporarily, and the
z-eport will bo received.
post ofi'ick appropriation bill
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendment oi' the
Senate to the bill UL It. Wo. 1828) waking appropri-
ations lbr the act vice of the Post Ol/ice Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30,1871, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses a'* follow#:
That the House of Representatives reccde from
their disagreement to the amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same,
L. M. iMOIlltlLL.
ALEX. RAMSEY,
A. a. THURMAN.
Managers on thepart of the Senate,
H L. DAWKS,
T. W. J°JiKRY.
LEONARD MYERS,
Managers on the part of the House*
The report was concurred in.
national currency.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
report;
The committee of confercnc-e on tlie disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national
currency of coin notes and to equalize the distribu-
tion of circulation notes, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the Senate bill,
and agree to the same with the following amend-
ments:
1. Page 1, line one, strike out " ninety-five" and
insert in lieu thereof " fifty-four."
2. Pngel, line eighteen, after tlie word "coin "insert,
the following; "but a new apportionment of tlie
increased circulation heroin provided for shall be
made as soon as practicable, based upon the census
of 1870."
3. After section two tvdd the following sections:
Sec. —, And he it further enacted, That upon the
deposit of any United States bonds, bearing interest
payable in gold, with the Treasurer of the United
States, in the manner prescribed in the nineteenth
and twentieth sections of the national currency act,
it shall be lawful for the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency to issue to the association making the same
circulating notes of different denomination? not less
than five dollars, not exceeding in amount eighty
per cent, of the par value of the bond? deposited,
which notes shall bear upon their face the promise
of the association to which they are issued to pay
them, upon presentation at the office of the associa-
tion, in gold coin of the United States, and shall be
redeemable upon such presentation in such coin:
Provided, That no banking association organized
under this section shall have a circulation in exccss
of $1,000,000.
sec. —. And be it further enacted, That every na-
tional banking association formed under the provis-
ions of the preceding section of this act shall at all i
times keep on hand not lesp than twenty-five per
cent, of its outstanding circulation in gold or silver
coin of the United States, and shall receive at par in
the payment of debts the gold notes of every other
such banking association which at the time of such
payments shall be redeeming its circulating notes in
gold or silver coin of the United States.
.Sec.—. And be it further cnactcd, That every asso-
ciation organized for the purpose of issuing gold notes
as provided m this act shall be subject to ail the re-
quirements and provisons of the national currency
act, except the first clause of section twenty-two,
which limits th a circulation of national bankingasso-
ciations to $300,000,000; the first clause of section
thirty-two, winch, taken in connection with the pre-
ceding section, would require national banking asso-
ciations organized in the city of San Francisco to
redeem their circulating notes at par in the city of
New York; andthe last clause of section thirty-two,
which requires every national hanking a^oeiaiion
to receive in payment of debts the notes of every
other national banking association at par: Pro-
vided, That in applying the provisions and require-
ments of said act to the banking associations herein
provided for the terms " lawful money," and " law-
ful money of the United States," shall be held and
construed to moan gold or silver eoin of the United
Slates.
■1. Page 5,lines seven and eight, strikeout the word
ninety-live "and insertin lieu thcreof,lfifty-four."
5. That the House agree to the said amendment.
GEO. II. WILLIAMS,
O. P. MORTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
N. B. JUDD,
J. B. PACKER,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. CASSEllLY. Allow me to suggest, that
the report be printed. It can be here to-mor-
row morning. If it leads to any debate now it
cannot get through before the hour for the
recess.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no occasion for
having it printed, because there is only one
change made and that is very easily under-
stood. It, is simply changing" ninety-five" to
" fifiy-four." The rest of the bill lias been
adopted by the Senate once.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask the Senator
from Oregon if there is any substantial change
in this bill from the Senate bill except that the
amount of new currency is $54,000,000 instead
of $45,000,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the last sec-
tion change it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The House amendment
as to the redistribution of i?25,000,000 is also
adopted. We took the House amendment to
the Senate bill, and changed 11 ninety-five," in
their amendment, to " liity-four." They then
agreed to adopt the gold section that we in-
cluded in the Senate bill, and we agreed to
adopt their amendment providing for the redis-
tribution of $25,000,000 of currency. This is
the whole amount of the report.
Mr. CONKLING. May 1 inquire is there
to be any redistribution of anything except the
increased circulation now given?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Nothing more. It is pre-
cisely as it passed the Senate, only §5,000,000
have been added to the redistribution passed
by the Senate. The Senate agreed to the re-
distribution of $20,000,000 of currency, taking
it from the States that have an excess over what
they are entitled to under the banking law.
The House amended it by adding $5,000,000
more, making^$25,000,000. The bill otherwise
remains entirely as agreed to by the Senate; I
do not think a word is changed.
Mr. CONKLTNG. So circulation which the
States have already, they are to retain ; but
there is to be a redistribution of the increase
on the census of 1870 T
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not so, is it ? A
redistribmion On the census of 1870?
Mt. WILLIAMS. This bill provides that
as soon as practicable after the census of 1870
is returned ihere shall be a redistribution of
tiie increased circulation provided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Merely of these $25,000,-
000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; of the increased
circulation of $54,000,000 provided for in this
biil ; of the whole inctease of circulation pro-
vided for in i his bill—which is $54,000,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where is this$54,000,-
000 to go before the census is taken ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. When this bill is passed
the Comptroller proceeds, as I understand, to
provide for the distribution of these $54,000,000
according to the law as it now stands, giving
to the western States what they are entitled
to under existing law ; but as soon as the
return of the census of 1870 is made, then he
proceeds and redistributes this increased cir-
culation according to the iaw.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand the
Senator from Oregon that is a moat singular
provision.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should be very glad to
have it, stricken out. It was only yielded to
on our part because the western men insisted
that they must have it that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me very
unreasonable and very absurd. Do I under-
stand the Senator from Oregon as saying that
this§54,000,000 isto bedistributed now accord-
ing to existing law? Then as soon as the. bill
passes that will be taken up, of course.
Mr. MORTON. Jt commences with the
present apportionment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This $54,000,000 will
be taken up in the next three months. Banks
will be established on this $54,000,000 addi-
tional. Then, I understand the Senator from
Oregon, six months hence, assuming that the
census of 1870 is returned by that time, this
$54,000,000 is to be redistributed over again.
How are you going to do that? Will you break
up the banks that are established?
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to inform the
Senator from Illinois that the language of this
proposition now is precisely the language of
the Senate bill which was before agreed to by
this body, and which is now agreed to by the
committees of both Houses. Before a single
bank can be organized under the terms of the
existing law the population will be ascertained
according to the census now being taken,
because under the existing law it, will take
ninety days to organize a bank. This bill will
not become a law until the middle of this month,
so that no bank can be organized before the
middle of October. By that time the return of
population will have been made, and then the
redistribution is to be made by the Secretary
of the Treasury on the basis of population.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then there will be no
distribution under the existing law?
Mr. SHERMAN. Practically not. But when
this biil passed the Senate originally it was
supposed it, might become a law at an earlier
stage. It, so happens now, however, that not
a single bank can be organized before the new
census is returned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may not be organized
and in operation; but let me inquire of the
Senator from Ohio whether associations may
not apply at once to entitle themselves to cir-
culation before the three months?
Mr. SHERMAN, it takes about three
months to perfect the organization. They
have to give public notice in various ways. I
have forgotten the details; but it takes that
long,
