187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
oases for tbe presentation Of this question in j
the first instance to the other House. Why,
then, did not your party so operate as to pre-
sent the issue there, that it might be speedily
and at once thrown before the people at their
hustings and in their popular elections for
their decision ? There are men who will vote
for the admission of Revels here that would
allail before that responsibility if they were in
i"be House of Representatives, because there
they would know that they had soon to confront
their master. Such is the insidious and the
stealthy progress of the Radical party, and espe-
cially in relation to negro suffrage and negro
equality.
Sir, what do we see and hear around us in
this city? The poor women working in the
public institutions in the service of the Gov-
ernment for their bread and their clothing—
white women, at the rooms where they have
to perform their daily avocations, have two,
three, four, or more negro women thrust in
among them ! And now, in conformity to this
policy, this insidious policy, this man Revels
is to be brought to the Senate, and a negro is
to be admitted as a Senator before one is
admitted into the other House*
Mr. President, this is certainly a morbid
state of affairs. Never before in the history of
this Government has a colored man been elected
to the Senate of the United States. To-day for
the first time one presents himself and asks
admission to a seat in it. How does he get
here? Did he come here by the free voices,
by the spontaneous choice of tbe free people
of Mississippi ? No, sir; no.The sword of a
military dictator has opened the way for his
easy march to the Senate of the United States,
and but for that sword and that dictator he
never would have been presented here for a
seat in this body.
What is the proposition of the honorable
Senator from New Jersey? It is that this cre-
dential be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary for its calm and deliberate invest-
igation, both of facts and principle; that that
committee, having the subject in all its impos-
ing aspects before them, may examine it care-
fully, deliberately, with all the lights of truth,
whether of law or of fact, that they can obtain;
and that upon all this novel, unlawful, and im-
properqualification they may submitacalin and
deliberate report to tbe Senate of the United
States which may come up for debate.
I wish, Mr. President, that the whole sub-
ject of these two credentials had taken that
course. It is the proper course. It is a case
so novel, so important, so startling to the
American people that the majority here ought
to have chosen for themselves that this calm
and reasonable course should be given to this
important business. Bat it seems that they
object to it.
Here, then, comes in another feature of Rad-
ical politics, and of Radical tactics, too. They
are for one law for themselves and for another
law for their opponents. The first time that
I ever appeared in the Congress of the United
States there were six members frond New Jer-
sey who presented themselves under tbe broad
seal of that State for admission to seats in the
House of Representatives, they being elected
by general ticket. They were not received as
members of tbe House and permitted to qualify
when they presented their credentials j but
before any class of candidates were admitted
the credentials were referred to the Committee
of Elections, and that committee made a
report.
I came to the Senate in 1861. In a few
months afterward there was a Democratic
Senator from the Pacific coast, from Oregon,
Mr. Stark, who presented himself here with
credentials in regular and proper form and
asked to be admitted to his seat. Many Sen-
ators opposed him, and among them the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. The Senate did not
admit him, but the majority of their own will
and their own order referred his credentials to
the* Committee on tbe Judiciary for examin-
ation and report. Time rolled on, and in a
few years Mr. Patterson, a Senator from Ten- 1
nessee, presented himself with his credentials i
in due form. They were offered to the Senate, :
and a motion was made that he be allowed to
qualify and take his seat. That motion was
resisted, and before he was allowed to take his
seat his credentials were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and they examined
into his case fully and reported upon it. In
a year or two afterward Mr; Philip Francis
Thomas, of Maryland, presented himself at
the bar of the Senate with proper credentials
and asked to be admitted as a Senator from j
Maryland. The honorable Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Howard] challenged his right to
take his seat, and moved that his credentials
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that reference was made, and Mr. Thomas i
was never allowed to take his seat.
The majority of this body, in the course of
six oi* eight years, have deliberately established |
this law to govern and to control the rights of
their opponents to seats iu this body. They
have laid it down deliberately in these three
remarkable and distinct cases, and established j
it as the law of the Senate. If it is the law of
the Senate is it not a law for yourselves as
well as for your opponents? Is it not a law
that will operate against you, where the facts
will authorise such operation, as well as oper-
ate in your favor? 0 ye Pharisees political!
Yon who profess such obedience to the will
of the people! You who represent universal
democracy, not only the white man, but the
negro and the mulatto, and you now want to
• get in all the Mongolian race, too! On what
a broad basis you will then be! What sound
representatives for such an immense constit-
uency! Now, with what face can you refer
the credentials of every Democratic Senator
whose case will allow of any contest whatever
to the Committee on the Judiciary before you
allow him to take his seat, and yet refuse to
allow the same motion in relation to this most
novel and extraordinary case of Revels!
The honorable Senator from New Jersey
has been informed that Revels was not an in-
habitant df the State of Mississippi at the time
of his election. I know that he was not a citi-
zen. One Of the qualifications of a Senator
is that be shall be a resident of the State and
: oveff thirty years of age, and another qualifica-
| tion is that he shall have been nine years a
j citizen of the" United States. I know that there
1 is evidence, and strong evidence, in relation
to the fact that Revels is not a citizen of the
: United States.
If there was a tribunal of justice and reason
high above human passion to which this issue
could be carried I would glory in the oppor-
tunity of following itup and pleading it at that
bar. I know that what I may say in this body
I will be ineffectual, but I care not. I intend
to give utterance to my sentiments, my prin-
i ciples, my thoughts, within tbe rules of the
necessary decorum of the body. And wherever
I see this Senate, in my judgment, about to
sacrifice or even to compromise principle I will
not fail to enter my earnest protest against it.
Mr. President, we have heard a great deal
about the-Dred Scott decision. I read it about
; the time it was rendered; I hive read it since
deliberately; and there is no human intellect,
there is no legal learning that can overturn or
shake the opinion of the Chief Justice in that
case. Ob the contrary, it is a decision that
maybe now greatly strengthened and supported
by other facte and arguments than those which
the Chief Justice there adduced in support Of
the conclusions to "which he came.
Mr. President, a few years ago Congress
enacted the farce of making citizens of all the
negroes of the United States. I maintain that
the Congress of the United States has no more
power to naturalize a native-born inhabitant
than the county court of Bourbon county has.
The gentlemen in the Senate and out of the
Senate who take the opposite side of this ques-
tion throw themselves upon the opinion of that
great jurist, Judge Curtis; and I will read a
passage from his opinion upon this subject.
He was an eminent judge, of the very highest
order of learning and ability. He "rendered
an opinion in the Dred Scott case in which he
dissented from that of the Chief Justice, but
his opinion in every material point in which he
differed from the Chief Justice can not only
be refuted, but utterly overthrown. But I am
going to read from his opinion for another
purpose.
I believe, Mr. President, I could talk without
any listeners; but I am glad to have respect
and attention always from your honored self;
and therefore, if every other ear should be
absent or deaf to me, I know that I shall
receive your attention, at least, if I am not too
prosy.
Mr. CONKLING. I am a listener.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All eyes and
ears are open.
Mr. DRAKE. I am listening to the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I am exceedingly indebted
to my honorable friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake.] I had the pleasure of knowing his
able father once, and I have no doubt respect
for the intimacy and friendship that subsisted
between his father and myself commands his
courteous and respectful attention also to me.
Mr. DRAKE. Respectfor the Senator him-
self, too.
Mr. DAVIS. Thank you, sir. Now, sir,
let me read an extract from Judge Curtis's
opinion in the Dred Scott case, in 19 Howard:
"Among the powers expressly granted to Congress
is ' tho power to establish a uniform rule of natural-
ization.' It is not doubted that this , is a power to
prescribe a rule for tho removal of the disabilities
consequent on foreign birth. Tq hold that it extends
further than this would do violence to the meaning
of tbe term 'naturalization'fixed in the common law.
(Co. Lit., 8 a, 129 a; 2 Ves., sen., 286 ; 2 Bl. Com., 293,)
and in the minds of those wlto concurred in framing
and adopting the Constitution. It was in this souse,
of conferring on an alien and his issue the rights
aad powers of a native-born citizen, that it was em-
ployed in the Declaration of Independence. It was
in this sense it was expounded in tho federalist, (No.
42.) has been understood by Congress, by tho judi-
ciary, (2 Wheat., 259, 269 ; 3. Wash. K., 313, 322; 12
Wheat., TH,) and by commentators on the Constitu-
tion, (3 Story's Com. on Con., 1-3; 1 Rawle on Con.,
84-88; 1 Tucker's Bl.,Com. A pp., 255-259.")
Here is an array of authority which might
be supposed numerous and able enough to set-
tle any question. It never was a question
until this war arose. Until the wild passion
of the war usurped the throne of reason and
interposed to perform its office no man here at
all learned in the law had ever assumed the
position that the power of naturalization by
Congress extended further than to make for-
eigners citizens. If there is any principle of
constitutional law which intellect atid reason
and contemporaneous exposition-;"concur in
settling, it is this. - :'
Now, sir, I will read another familiar prin-
ciple from the sanle case ,* and this is fso.m the
opinion of Chief Justice Taney. I ha**  heard
men condemn that opinion and denounce it
who did not know a single issue that was made
in the case, and who are far from having any
correct knowledge whatever of the points and
questions that were ruled in the case by the
court, and I have heard that very oftea i  this
Senate. But I read that opinion for an othe r
purpose. I read it lo establish* the principle
that wherever a term, is used is the Constitu-
tion of the United States that term expresses
the sense and intention which the framers of
the Constitution -and those who adopted it at
the time intended-it to have, and none other.
If the honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] was sitting, upon the bench which
he once adorned—and which, or a higher one,
I hope he will adorn again—and this question
were made to him he is too sound a lawyer to
dissent from the position. But' here it* is,
tersely, clearly, and strongly expressed.
I know that in the estimate of some Sen-
