1870.
HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3397
I submit that the Senator is wrong, not only
in law, but in philosophy. He said, among
other things, that the Constitution prohibited
military officers merely from coming into Con-
gress. He will see that no distinction is made,
however, between retired officers and other offi-
cers. But he says the objection does not apply
to retired officers at all. Why not? Because,
he says, they are not liable to orders. What
statute says that ? Do any of the rules or arti-
cles of war say it? Let me ask the honorable
Senator, suppose one of them strikes a supe-
rior officer or speaks disrespectfully of him, is
he to be tried as Ishould be tried, by a jury of
his peers: or is he to be tried under_the Rules
and Articles of War by a military court—a court'
martial? That is the test which the Constitu-
tion applies, because unless he be an officer of
the Army he is to be tried by the instrument-
ality of civil j urisdiction.
Thus we see, without further tests, that these
men, one and all, holding, as the Senator from
Nebraska says, commissions as officers, are
officers of the Army. Then I should like to
know how we are to experiment with the Con-
stitution and trifle with (he statutes, and say
that a military officer, by being retired, may be
a Senator and at the same time an officer of the
Army, or, extending the reasoning, that he may
hold other offices ?
1 submit that for reasons referred to by the
Senator from Vermont—and he did not refer
to them all—and for other such, it is no more
than fair that a man who is in the active ser-
vice and enjoys alt its pay and' emoluments
shall be deemed and taken to have elected thti
sphere of life and opportunity which he will
enjoy* and that m man who remains oa the
retired list receiving seventy-fivq per cent.,
three quarters of the full pay and emoluments
as provided by the very bill before ns, shall be
deemed and taken to have elected the sphere
in which he will enjoy the benefits which are
extended to him ^ and so far from there^being
injustice in it, despite the civil ineligibility, I
submit that there is not in history, there is not
Since the morning of time an instance in which
any Government has treated so liberally, so
generously, so well the m^n who espouse the
military profession as this very Government
of ours. ■= - - ) •.
Mr. President, I have been led to say tbas
much, because we all know that one of the
problems of the world, one of the difficult
riddles for mankind to guess, is the mode,
after a great war, of disbanding a great army,
not the mode of putting on shomLder >straps,
but the mode of taking them off. Nothing is
easier, nothing certainly in declamation and
appeal, if not in argument, than to marshal
imposing considerations before the public,, and
before a body like this, against every propose
tion to cot down to a peace establishment an
a*mv larger than we\ need ;and especially so
when we he/re emtrged from a war in which
all branches of the Army hare covered them-
selves with imperishable renortrr, Any man
who can declaim at all can so declaim as to
suggest objections, to suggest great reluctance
iik doing such a work. Nevertheless such a
work behooves us, and snch a work I atn glad
to know—I was glad last evening to know from
a distinguished officer of the Army whom you
well know, whom the war found a captain add
left a general fearfully mutilated—I waa glad
to know from him that not only be but his
couapaniona-in-acms as a rule, not merely
receive with acquiescence and composnre the
amendment reported by the chairman of the
Military Committee, but think in conviction
and in feeling that that amendment is right,
a*tl that the Senate ought to adopt it.
_ Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I have only
a word or two to soy. Some time ago my
attention was called to the provision of the bill
in relation to retired officers, denying to them
the right to bold any office under the Govern-
ment, and it struck me then as singular. I
4b&il akit attempt to argue the constitutional
question involved; but it seems to me to be
unnecessary to say to these few men—one hun-
dred and seventy I think the chairman of the
committee says—that they shall not be eligible
to any office to which the people may choose<
to elect them. There are one hundred and'
seventy of them ; about four and a half men
for each of the States of the Union! And yet
the Senator from Vermont holds up here the
great army of soldiers who have fought so gal-
lantly and nobly during the late war, and seeks
to convey the idea that they would be left to
starve in consequence of these few men having
the right to hold office equally with them.
It is not long, Mr. President, since there was
a law upon our statute-book that a pensioner,
if he held an office under the Government,
during the time he held that office should be
deprived of his pension, and he was obliged
to swear every time he drew bis pension that
he did not hold any office under the Govern-
ment. But Congress in its wisdom saw fit to
change that law, and the pensioner now can
hold an office under the Government. I do
not suppose that one in fifty of these men will
ever be elected or appointed to office; but to
say to them that they are ineligible is to wound
their sensibility, to disfranchise them, and to
say to them that they are not equal to their
fellow-men. If there is not a constitutional
objection insuperable to this being done I hope
this provision and bill will not be adopted.
Mr, WARNER. Mr. President, I agreo
entirely with the Senator from New York that
it is very easy to declaim in regard to the mer-
its of our soldiers. The Senator himself is
never so eloquent, his periods are never so
full and rounded, and his manner is never so
impressive as when he is talking of the glori-
ous record of our Army; and it is because he
speaks forth the natural emotions of every
patriot, the feelings that;cdme to the heart of
every friend of his country and of every lover
of the heroic. It is because our country was
weU served by its soldiers. That feeling which
stirs eloquence in the souls of men is caused
by heroic deeds.
. We hear a great deal said about the gen*
erosity of this Government to its s.oldiers. Sir,
the soldiers have been far more generous to
their country than tie country has beeu to the
fcoldiers. The countryhaB not paid and eannot
pay its soldiers; and when we held up.here
the pensions' given to the one-armed and the
armless and the eyeless men whom the Sena-
tor from Nebraska talks about and speak of
them as specimens of generosity, we make a
sad mistake.
- Now, sir, what is the question here? It is
whether these one hundred and seventy men
who have done distinguished service, who have
been retired because of physical disability, shall
be by law prohibited from holding petty civil
offices. I can.tell the honorable Senator from
Vermont that I do not think life echoes the sea-
timentof the soldiers of Vermont when he says
that they ask that any class of their fellow-sol-
diers shall be debarred by law from holding
any petty office, whether they be pensioners or
not. Ahd I can say to him further' that there
is no feeling of aniiaosity between the volunteer
soldiers* and the -regular soldiers. We were
under thesame flag together. Most of those
who are regulars now were volunteers once.
We were in a common cause; and there is no
feeling of animosity between them. These re-
tired officers are mere pensioners of the Gov-
ernment: It would be- just as ■ monstrous a
proposition to my mind to prohibit the pen-
sioners of the Government—your one-armed
me#—from holding a civil office as to apply
soeh a prohibition to these men who are sim-
ply pensioners in another form. I cannot con-
eeive a more monstrous proposition, or Qne
whichis better calculated to wound deeply the
hearts of brave men, than for the country to
say that because of wounds and disability in-
curred in the service of their country, and be-
c*use they:are receiving a pension in the way
of partial pay from the Government, therefore
the ban of the Government is to be put upou
them and they are to be told that they are unfit
to hold any office in their country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Alabama a question before lie sits
down. As he speaks of partial pay, 1 ask him
what the pay of a retired officer is by existing
law?
Mr. WARNER. I think seventy-five per
cent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The statute which is be-
fore me reads, I will inform my friend, that he
shall have his full pay proper and four rations
a day.
Mr. SHERMAN. The "pay proper" of an
officer is scarcely one half of the regular pay
and allowances.
Mr. EDMUNDS. " Pay proper" is the pay
of the officer ; but a retired officer does not get
all the allowances for horses, equipages, and
quartermaster stores, &c., nor allowances for
his responsibility in having charge of public
money. That is true.
Mr. WARNER. The pay of an officer is
the money he gets in his pocket; and what
is called the "pay proper" technically, his
monthly pay, is about half what he gets.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much is it for a
colonel ?
Mr. WARNER. I cannot tell.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the
amendment now pending stated. I wish to
reach a vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin, £Mr. Carpenter.]
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to move an
amendment to that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; this is now
an amendment to an amendment. The sub-
stitute proposed by the Committee on Military
Affairs is an amendment to the House bill;
and this is an amendment to that amendment.
After it shall be agreed to it will be in order
to add to it; or if it shall be disagreed to
another amendment will be in order. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
sgteed to.
- Mr. MORTON. I ofiefthe following as an
addition to the amendment jugt adopted:
Provided, That the foregoing limitation as to pay
Shall not apply to retired officers who w£re retired
not upon their own application and who have been
assigned to aQtive duty.
Mr. WILSON. The officeris are Retired gen-
erally not Upon their own application, but on
the action of the Government. I hope that
Amendment will not be adopted. I think we
Ought not to put retired officers on duty with
increased pay. That was the reason I sug-
gested a modification fcf the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Wisconsin, by
applying ill to those put on active d\ity iipOn
their own application. I think it tfrang to fbrce
the retired officers to do duty witirddt some
increase of pay.
Mr. MORTON. I thought that modification
was to make it apply to those who were retired
On their own application.
Mr. WILSON. ' No ; this applies to all re-
tired officers. I think the section as now adopted
is right as it stands.
: Mr. MORTON. I desire to reach this point:
that tohete tan Officer has been retired hot upon
his own application, and is assigned to active
duty, he shall have the pay of an officer oti
the active list. That is a matter of simple
justice. That covers the case. The Setafetor
himself had a bill to cover the case of Dr.
McDougall.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that is right.
Mr. MORTON. It is simply a matter of
justice.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
that probably nineteen twentieths of the offi-
cers who are on the retired list were retired
