1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
was lost with the vessel; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
John Somers Smith, with accompanying papers,
asking for the consideration of a claim of his
on the Government for diplomatic and other
services rendered in San Domingo. I move
the reference of these papers to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Arkansas, praying
for ati appropriation by Congress for the erec-
tion of a building at Little Rock for the accom-
modation of United States officers; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
W. E. Holcombe, of South Carolina, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Wil-
liam J. Cornwall, of North Carolina, praying
the removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HOWE presented acommunication from
the Secretary of War, communicating a claim
on behalf of R. C. Clowry, formerly an assist-
ant quartermaster in the service of the United
States, relative to the loss by him of public
funds to the amount of $82 56 while in the dis-
charge of his official duties; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ABBOTT presented resolutions adopted
by the Board of Trade of Norfolk andsigned by
William Lamb, president, in favor of the plans
of the Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Navi-
gation Company of New York in establishing
their line of American steamships from the
ports of Norfolk, Port Royal, Brunswick, and
other southern ports, and approving of the
passago_ of the bill to be presented to Congress
in relation thereto; which were referred to tho
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented tho petition of Amos N.
Hall and others, of North Carolina, praying tho
removal of the political disabilities of Wil-
liam G. Fowler, of North Carolina; which was
referredto the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of
Milton S. Barlow and others, letter-carriers of
Wilmington, Delaware, praying an increase of
their compensation ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of William
Jauies,_ late collector of internal revenue of the
third district of Virginia, praying Congress to
allow him his salary and the emoluments of his
office up to June 12, 1808, and moneys which
have been paid by him as collector of internal
revenue into theTreasury, over'and above assess-
ment lists, on which may stand a balance in his
favor when his accounts shall be adjudged;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented resolutions of the
southern commercial convention held at Louis-
ville, Kentucky, recommending aid to the
Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Navigation
Company of New York for the establishment
of a line of American steamships from different
southern ports, and approving the passage of
the bill to be presented to Congress in relation
thereto; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. ROSS presented the petition of Charles
Williamson and others, of Douglas county,
Kansas, praying the repeal of the • duty on
leather; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. VICKERS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Eleanor Gardiner,
widow of Henry Gardiner, pi-aying compensation for
property destroyed during the last war with Great
Britain, be taken from the flies of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. E. J. Brosman
be taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James M. Ellison be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to tho
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 226) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Homeopathic Medical Society, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for
printing five hundred additional copies of the
report of the Librarian Of Congress for the use
of the Library, have instructed me to report it
back without'amendment and recommend its
passage, and 1 ask for its present considera-
tion.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to, as follows:
Jienolved, That Ave hundred additional copies of
the report of the Librarian of Congress be printed,
with covers, for the uso of tho Library.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, covering certain accounts
of the superintendents of Indian affairs, have
instructed me to report it back and to ask to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. It does not seem to the Commit-
tee on Printing that there is any need of print-
ing this document, but the Committee on
Indian Affairs ought to know more about it than
we do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The document
itself was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and the Senate referred the propriety
of printing the document, which is a large
quantity of rule and ligure work, to the Com-
mittee on Printing. Tho Senator from Rhode
Island asks that the Committee on Printing be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that tho question of printing be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr._ HARLAN. There is no necessity for
referring tho resolution to print, I think, to that
committee. That class of documents has never
heretofore been printed. It is merely a detailed
statement of expenditures made under a gen-
eral appropriation of about two million dollars,
the law itself requiring the Secretary of the
interior to present to Congress a detailed state-
ment of the expenditures. Unless some Sen-
ator desires it to be printed I do not think it is
necessary to refer the subject to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no Senator
desires it printed the Committee on Printing
will be discharged from its further considera-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred tho bill (H. R.
No. 134) to establish a land district in Wyom-
ing Territory, and for other purposes, have had
it under consideration, and directed me to
report it back with an amendment; and I am
also requested by several members of the House
to ask for its immediate consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it?
_ Mr. POMEROY. A bill creating a land
district in the Territory of Wyoming. There
have been some men appointed to office there
and they are in a hurry to enter on the dis-
charge of their duties, but they cannot do so
until there is a law authorizing the opening of
a land district.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
if any of the land in that Territory has been sur-
veyed and sectionized, and is now subject to
sale ?
Mr. POMEROY. This Territory has been
connected with Colorado, and tho surveyor
general of Colorado has had that matter in
charge. I have not seen his report, and how
much land has been surveyed I do not know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill had better go
over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the bill will go upon
the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED,
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
342) to abolish the franking privilege, and to
provide postage stamps and stamped envelopes
for the payment of postage on official cor-
respondence and other public matter; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 343) to abolish the office of naval officer ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to have the
bill reported in full.
Tho Secretary read tho bill, as follows:
lie 'if. enacted, <t'e.. That the office of naval officer be,
and the samcishcreby, abolished,and that theduties
of said oflieer, when deemed necessary by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, shall bo performed by the col-
lector of the customs. This act shall take effect from
and after July 1,1870.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
be printed.
Ihe motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
344) to prevent persons who have been officers
or employes of the Treasury Department from
aidnig in the prosecution of certain claims
against the United States; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 345) to provide for the settlement and pay-
ment of tho expenses incurred by the territo-
rial authorities of Montana in the suppression
of Indian hostilities therein during the year
1807 ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 34C) for the relief of Mary
A. Coolidge; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
317) for tho relief of J. Allen Porter ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 348) to provide for the reduction of the
officers of the Army of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 340) for the relief of Samuel F. Butter-
worth ; which was read twice by its title, aud
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 83) relative to furnishing
safes to collectors of internal revenue ; which
was read twice byits title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
POSTAL RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following reso-
lution of inquiry, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
Itesohed, That tlic Postmaster General be, and ho
is hereby, directed to communicate to the fccnaie
copies of all the correspondence in the negotiations
had with the French G-ovcrnmeiit to secure a modi-
fication of the present postal treaty with I1 ranee.
Mr. SUMNER. T should like to know if
