2454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
That is here.
Furniture for the court-houso at Springfield, Illi-
nois.
That is here.
And then below as a separate object, where
vaults and safes and the like are wanted, we
have the estimate:
Vaults, safes, and looks for tlic various publio
buildings.
An estimate wholly distinct and separate from
the estimate for furniture.
Mr. CASSERLY. And that is on the next
page of this very bill, lines one hundred and
thirty-six, one hundred and thirty-seven, and
one hundred and thirty-eight.. 1 rose lo call
the attention of the Senator from Ohio to that,
so that my honorable friend, the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, must have
been a little inatteutive to his own bill when he
thought "furniture" included "vaults, safes,
and locks."
Mr. THURMAN. Not the least bit of it.
Now, in regard to the boxes the Senator from
Maine speaks about in the post offices, lot me
say a word. Jn almost all the post offices they
are simply so much capital for the postmaster.
We all know that, and the postmasters charge,
and charge high enough for them. But that
does not come under the head of "furniture;"
that is part of the house; and now 1 think my
friend will have to show that picture all around
the Senate two or three times before lie can
get an appropriation of $15,000 to put carpets,
and line tables with carved legs, and a few
pieces of statuary all around about there to
adorn and beautify that house. That will not
do. I love art as much as anybody, but I am
not willing in the present state of affairs to pay
so much ior it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President., thisbuild-
ing, I would say to the Senator from Ohio, has
just been erected. When 1 was last in Spring-
field, which was some time during the fall, part
of the offices only had been removed into the
building. The post office was then in the
building. The offices connected with the courts,
I'tie clerk's office, &e., were none of them at
that time in the building, nor had the internal
icvenue office, the pension office, or the land
office occupied the building at all. It is a
building which has cost 1 do not remember
exactly how much, but I think about one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, perhaps
$125,000. It is a very fine building, and
this is the furniture for fitting it up in the first
instance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many rooms are
there in it altogether?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot tell. It is three
stories lngh, I think, and contains probably
twenty or more rooms. The post office I think
occupies three or four rooms. There is no city
delivery in Springfield ; and parties have their
boxes there. I was in the post office, and cer-
tainly the fitting up of the post office must have
cost a very considerable sum of money, I do
not know how much. That was fitted up when
I was at Springfield. I understand these appro-
priations are made, not simply as the Senator
from Vermont supposes to supply a deficiency
wheresomethinghasalready been appropriated;
hut they are to supply omissions. Take this
case ; here is perhaps 8150,000—1 do not re-
member liow much—appropriated for this
building, but itis something like §150,000 ; and
that much has been spent in the building.
Now, if there is an omission to make any ap-
propriation lo fit it up so that it can bo used,
that comes properly under the head of a defi-
ciency. 1 am not informed, and I presume the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
is not informed, nor is anybody in the Senate,
nor is it expected that we can be, as to the cost
of the chairs and of the tables and of putting
up the boxes and of the vaults and the various
articles of furniture that are necessary in such
building as this. We have to rely upon the
officers who have been appointed under author-
ity of law to attend to these matters. The proper
officers have recommended an appropriation of
this amount to lit up these rooms to supply the
necessary furniture. Of course nobody can say
whether the chairs they bought and for which
they may have given one or three dollars were
worth that much, whether the price was extrava-
gant or not.
Congress cannot go into these details. You
might as well ask when we make an appro-
priation for a public work, as for the building
of a fort, that our cotnmittee should inquire
how much was paid for the bricks that were
put into the fort, and how much per day to the
men employed m constructing it.. Wc appro-
priate a sum supposed to be sufficient to accom-
plish the object; and the information upon
which wc act is the report of the officers in
charge, indorsed and recommended by the
head of tiie Department who it is supposed
looks into all these matters, either personally
or through officers in tbe Department. To
strike at an appropriation of this kind blindly,
to strike out two thirds of the amount asked
for by the Secretary of the Treasury and by
the officer in charge, by a blind vote without
knowing what is needed or wh.it has been ob-
tained, it seems to me, after having directed
such a building to be erected, would be a very
singular coursc of legislation. The only safe
course for us is to follow the reports of the
officers in charge of such matters, unless wo
have some positive facts before us to show ua
that they are erroneous in the estimates they
have made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio-
Mr. TIIURMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I will vote for the appro-
priation as il stands because the committee
recommend it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Davis, Howe, McCreery.
I'ratt, Saulsbury.Shermau,Stockton, Thurman, and
ViekfrK—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Amos. Buckingham. Carpenter,
Cattcll, Colliding, Oorbett, Edmunds, lenton, JPow-
lor, Uani i I ton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris, Howell,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill ol' Vermont,
Nye, Osboni, l'ool, Jtamsey, Rice, Sawyer, Kcliur/,,
SpraKuc, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, and
Williii ms—2',).
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Boroman, 13rnwillow. Cameron. Chandler,Colo, Cr.'i-
t'in, Drake, Kerry, lfhiistgan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Howard, Johnston, Kollogg,
Lewis, Morton, .Norton, Patterson, l'omoroy, ltevels,
Robertson, Itoss, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Thayer,
Willey, Wilson, and States—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out
" $15,000" mid insert " $10,000" in this item.
I think that is enough for a deficiency. If it
turns out that more is wanted wo can provide
for it in the next bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no more pro-
priety in that than in the other proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was rejected; there being
on a division—ayes 14, noes 24.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
suggest to the Senator from Maine instead of
adding the word "building" after "court-
bouse," to insert "and the offices therein.
Mr. MOUIiILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now desire to renew the
amendment I offered before. The Secretary
has it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present oc-
cupant of the chair was not in the chair at that
time. The Secretary will report the amend-
ment.
The Secretary. After line two hundred
and ninety-two it is proposed to insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to provide
necesssry food for tlieSissetonandWalipeton San tee
Sioux Indians on Lac Traverse find Devil's Lake
reservations, in Dakota '.territory,during the spring
and summer, and to'fumish them with implements
and seeds for cultivating their fields, $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that a point of order is mfede against
this amendment by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 desire to inform the Sen-
ator thut upon two points I can get this amend-
ment before the Senate. First, it has the
approbation ofthe Committee on Indian Affairs,
and in the second place it is to carry out a
treaty provision. I trust, in view of these facts,
the Senator will waive any further opposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do 1 under-
stand the Senator to say that this is recom-
mended by the Committee on Indian Affairs?
Mr. RAMSEY. I say so. _ The Committee
on Indian Affairs recommend itand approve it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thatdoesnotcomewitliin
the rule.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is the Senator from Maine
content?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise the ques-
tion of order because I do not understand that
this amendment is recommended by any stand-
ing committee ofthe Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I havo a favorable report
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, and they
give their approbation. What more is wanted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine insist on the point of order
or waive itV
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I insist on the
point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule states
that it must be moved by direction of a com-
mittee. If the Senator from Minnesota states
that it is moved by direction of a committee it
is within that part of the rule unless the point
should be made that it is not reported directly
by a committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 move the amendment
here having the approbation of the Committee
on Indian Affairs ; you may call it the direction
of the committee if that will satisfy the Sen-
ator better. I think that will meet the case.
But furthermore, there is provision for this very
amendment in the treaty of 1807, in pursuance
of which I offer it.
Mr. IIAllLAN. I think it is not best to
stand on any technicality in relation to this
matter. These are 1 ndians, remnants of bands
that were driven from Minnesota. Congress
confiscated all their property, their money, and
their lands, and provided in a subsequent treaty
that they should be provided for by direct
appropriations ; and it is ascertained that there
are not enough funds to enable them to put in
crops the present spring for the coming year,
that, if this should go over until the regular
appropriation bill for the supply ofthe wants of
this service it will be too late to meet this exi-
gency. I hope the honorable Senator, who is
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
will waive the objection, and let the item go in
the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I felt author-
ized 1 would do so. I dare say it is merito-
rious; 1 know something about it myself, hav-
ing been upon the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I do not think the Senator ought to appeal to
me. It is my duty to stand by the rule. If
the Senate choose to waive it I shall be glad.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator agrees, I pre-
sume, that if the amendment carries out a
treaty provision, then it comes within the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not. think
that alters the case at all. If it is to execute
a treaty, still under the rule of the Senate I
understand it is necessary that it should come
from a committee.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is any import-
ance about this rule the Committee on Indian
Affairs should refer the amendment one day
before it is offered in the Senate. The com-
mittee have got to refer the amendment one
