4342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
dent, [Mr. Trumbull in the chair,] will recol-
lect it, and I am quite sure that my friend on
the right who is paying such attention to me
[Mr, Davis.] will recollect it, too. Then,
nearly the whole surplus capital in the country
was invested in wild lands, to be held for spec-
ulation ; and that was the chief cause of the
financial crash of 1837. What have we seen
since? What have we seen in England? The
worst financial crisis, the worst crash, the great-
est bankruptcy that ever existed in England
since she recovered from the wars of the French
revolution and her mighty expenditures at that
period, was induced by investments in rail-
roads that were not profitable and paying roads.
Who has forgotten the name of Hudson, the
railroad king ? Who has forgotten what a crash
was produced by immense investments in rail-
roads by the stimulus that was given to them
then by capitalists, who diverted capital from
legitimate and profitable employment to the
making of railroads which could not be built,
run, and operated with a profit?
Why, sir, what was done there was but. a drop
in the bucket to what we see here. Here we
have seen every year, within the last three or
four years, an increased diversion of capital
for the purpose of making railroads that will
not pay, that cannot pay ; millions of dollars,
I might almost say hundreds of millions of dol-
lars, invested annually; not only this country,
but Europe is flooded with the bonds and mort-
gages of railroad companies of the United
States; the debt of the country heaped up
mountain high, year by year, and that, too, for
expenditures in enterprises v.'hiclx cannot be
profitable, most of which cannot be run except
at a loss.
1 ask Senators who do not wish to see a
financial crisis and crash and general bauk-
•ruptcy in the country to pause before they go
on stimulating these enterprises which are not
well-founded, into which prudent capital would
not embark, because for the time being at least
they would not pay, and which would not be
undertaken at all if it were not that the Gov-
ernment steps in and bears the chief portion of
the expense of building them, if not the whole
expense, and then gives them as a gift to private
individuals, to private corporations.
I do not wish, Mr. President, to take up any
more time on this subject. Before I close,
however, I wish to repeat what I said on a
former occasion. This is another illustration,
and a very striking one, of what does seem to
me, with great respect for Senators of a differ-
ent opinion,tobeamostinjudiciousand unwise
course of procedure in the Senate. Here is a bill
which gives rise to grave legal questions, which
gives rise to a great question of public policy
in respect to this road, whether or not the road
is of sufficient importance to be the recipient
of such a great subsidy from the Government.
It gives rise to questions in respect to the
l iglits of other roads and the policy of making
other roads. And yet, upon this question, so
intricate, for it is very intricate indeed—so
intricate that no man, unless he sits down and
studies it carefully for an hour or more, can
get oven a general idea of it; this bill is brought
m here without one single word of written re-
port upon it. I do say that every Senator on
this floor ought to have had laid on his table
with this bill when it was reported, or to have
had laid on his table a month ago, a report
stating both the law and the facts in the case so
that he could read it at his leisure, could com-
pare it with the statutes upon which the case
depends, and with the geography of the coun-
try, so that he could come prepared sensibly to
listen to the discussion of it and vote upon it
knowing everything about it.
But now, sir, what do we see? We see Sen-
ator after Senator getting up here, differing
most materially as to the facts and the law of
the case; we see Senator after Senator getting
up and asking of other Senators to explain how
the thing is, because they do not know and
cannot know from anything before us. We
are obliged at every step to appeal to some
member of the committee, or to some Senator
who is supposed to have the necessary local or
detailed knowledge in reference to this matter,
to give us some light upon it, arid we get it in
the most crude way in the world. We get it
in no official way; we get it without any cer-
tainty whatever, depending merely upon the
memory of Senators who themselves, perhaps,
have but a general idea of the subject, without
any specific information. And yet in such a
way as this, upon such a subject as this, we
are asked to vote away millions upon millions
of the public domain without knowing what
we do.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I wish the
Senate was full at the present time, for I can
in a very few words say all that 1 desire to say,
and all that you need to know in regard to this
question; and if you will give me your atten-
tion you will have it.
The place of my residence is Brownville, on
the Missouri river; and we are projecting a
railroad westward to Denver, over a line of six
hundred miles. In that part of Nebraska no
land grant has ever been given for the purpose
of aiding our people to build a road where set-
tlement has been established since the organ-
ization of the Territory. This road of ours
running from Brownville westward will cut
across what is supposed to be the contemplated
route of this Central Branch Pacific, which,
leaving Kansas, will traverse tbi sentral part
of our State, going on its way to join the Union
Pacific railroad.
That Central Branch has always been an
object of desire with me and with the imme-
diate constituency I represent; because, while
Omaha, the residence of my colleague, has
been supplied by the Government with a road
without her people ever contributing to the
stock of that road, my neighbors and myself
have (b vote taxes upon ourselves that we know
not when we shall get clear of for the purpose
of building a railroad running back upon the
prairie, without a land grant from you for the
first one hundred miles certainly, and there we
hope that the Central Branch, on its way to
the Union Pacific, will allow us awestern out-
let, a western connection. But Omaha would
prefer undoubtedly that the Union Pacific
should not bo tapped so often. The Burling-
ton and Missouri Kiver road will tap it at Fort
Kearny; perhaps the St. Joseph and Denver
road will tap it at Fort Kearny; perhaps the
Central Branch will come to Fort Kearny;
and that alarms Governor Butler, at Lincoln,
because he feels that if the people have so
many facilities for getting out and going to the
market at St. Louis some petty village of his
on the frontier will not become a mammoth
and overshadowing city.
We want the opportunity to tap some road
westward, and this Central Branch will answer
our purpose, in order that away back in that
inaccessible country, where the Indians have
recently been killing our sparse population, the
people shall not be compelled to go to Omaha,
or Plattsmouth, or Nebraska City, or Brown-
ville, where I reside, but that they shall have
an opportunity of following the channels of the
river that runs down to St. Louis and going to
the St. Louis market if they please.
I stand here for the rights of the settler in the
back country, and though 1 would like to see
him bring all his produce to my town, running
in on the Brownville road, yet perhaps one
hundred and fifty or two hundred miles back
he will prefer to get off' and ruu down to St.
Louis, instead of coming to our warehouses on
his way to Chicago. I say I can stand upon
that proposition before the people of southern
Nebraska; but if they ask me to fight against
every improvement for the western country
where the Central Branch Pacific runs I will
not take away from the future population of
those rich valleys the privilege of getting out
southward for the simple gratification of build-
ing up towns away off east of them on the Mis-
souri river.
Then the cry was that there would be a con-
flict between this Brownville road running to
Denver and the Central Branch. The question
was how much of a conflict? Why, when we
come into the Republican valley, going west-
ward, they will be running across the Repub-
lican valley, going northward. We were afraid
they would want to run westward in that val-
ley, and we therefore said to them, "Gen-
tlemen, we want you to stay in that valley no
more than for the spaceof twenty-five miles ;"
and they have agreed with us that I may offer
that amendment to their bill, and when they
cut across our road they will not stay longer in
the valley than twenty-five miles, and that is
all we ask of them.
The next question was what about the lands
where they cross each other ? Our bill provided
for the odd-numbered sections, and it was per-
fectly satisfactory with me that they should not
ask for the odd numbered sections. I did not
find them asking for the odd numbered sec-
tions, and I had no quarrel with them on that
score.
Now, let me say one word in regard to the
companies that it is said will be interfered with.
My neighbors, with whom I have lived from the
day I went pioneering in that country, arc the
officers of the Brownville and Fort Kearny
road. Their representative, with a power of
attorney to represent them here, is in the gal-
lery of this Senate. I represent their interest
on this floor, and I say they have no war
against the Central Branch Pacific railroad.
The president of the Midland Pacific, which
will form a junction with us in the back country
on our way to Denver, is in this city, and has
no war against that road. He desires a fair
chance in crossing that road, or where they
cross our line, whichever may be the first line
built.
Then, I say, that I cannot allow either my
colleague or any gentleman to stand here and
declare that he represents the interests of the
South Platte country. I am the representative
of the interests of the South Platte country.
The Governor of Nebraska—and Governors,
barring and excepting the Governors on this
floor, are always men of consequence, men of
accurate views, and men of privileges sufficient
to justify them to obtrude their views anywhere
and everywhere under the limitation I have
made here—the Governor of Nebraska sends
here a letter, in which he -says that this gives
the Nebraska lands to a Kansas road. Does
he mean to say that after a company organized
in Kansas builds a road through the State of
Nebraska and gets the lands it will take up the
bed of the road and the lands and carry them
off into Kansas? I thought after they came in
from Kansas and built a road in Nebraska it
would be my railroad and the railroad of the
people of Nebraska; but the Governor, for-
sooth, has been illuminated upon this subject,
and thinks it is terrible that a company from
Kansas should be permitted to build a road
through the State of Nebraska ! Can you have
a Kansas road without connecting with other
States? Can we have a Nebraska road that is
worth anything if Iowa will not let us go into
that State ? Can we have a road running south-
ward that will be worth a dollar if Kansas will
not permit us to connect with her roads?
There is no such thing as a Kansas road in
Nebraska; but when we get Kansas capital and
Kansas enterprise to build us a road it is our
road ; we tax it and put the amount of the taxes
into the coffers of the State of Nebraska, and
that far release our citizens from the payment
of taxes that the people of Kansas pay for us.
That is the common-sense, practical view the
people take of it in my country that do not
pretend to know much on the subject of rail-
roading.
But the Governor's letter farther says that it
