1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
atoTS it is considered almost sacrilege to read
from that Chief Justice's opinion in the Dred
Scott case, and pretty much in any other case.
Well, I view the matter very differently. The
gentlemen in the majority here, like all other
majorities that have held power a good while,
are intoxicated by its possession. They are
arrogant, domineering. They think that they
have the exclusive right to manage and to rule
all things; a>d they regard it aa intrusion for
an humble member of the minority, as 1 am
the humblest in the minority, to presume to
act any part in the great matters at stake which
they are so hastily transacting. Well, I tell
those honorable Senators that I believe I am
as much devoted to the Government and insti-
tutions of my country as the best of them; that
my people are as deeply interested in that Gov-
ernmentand those institutions a3 their people ;
that I have the same rights here that they have,
and while I have them, and am here, 1 intend
to exercise them, or to attempt it.
In the Dred Scott case the Chief Justice
says:
"No one. we presume, supposes that any change
in publie opinion or feeling in relation to this unfor-
tunate race"—
The black race. I do not know why the law
of the universe permitted that race to be
• brought here ; and, above all, I do not know
why the Yankees were made their instrument?
to bring them here, unless it was to curse and.
to create another devil for the white man ! -v\|
"No one. we presume, supposes that any change
in public opinion or feeling, in relation to this unfor-
tunate race, in the civilized nations of Europe or in
this country, should indnce the court to give to the
words of the Constitution a more libernl construction
in their favor than they were intended to bear when
the instrument was framed and ndopted. Such an
argument wonld be altogether inadmissible in any
tribunal called on to interpret it. If any of its pro-
visions aro deemed unjnst, there is a mode prescribed
in t bo instrument itself by which it may be amended;
but while it remains unaltered, it. must bo construed
now as it was understood at the time of its adoption.
It is not only the same in words, but the same in
meaning, and delegates the same powers to the Gov-
ernment, and reserves and secures the same rights
and privileges to the citizen; and as long as it con-
linucsto exist in its present form it speaks not onTy
in the same words, but with the same meaning and
intent with which it spoke when it came from the
hands of its framers and was voted on and adopted
by tlio people of tho United States."—Dred Scott vs.
Sanfurd, 29 Howard. 426.
A sounder truism, a more important axiom
of truth in Government or in construction of
the Constitution, never fell from human lips.
Any other rule of construction would abrogate
the judicial character of the court to make it a
mere reflex of the popular opinion or passion
or prejudice, such as my honorable and absent
friend from Indiana [Mr. Morton] would make
it by his interpretation of it. This court was
not created by the Constitution for such a pur-
pose. Higher and greater interests have been
confided to them, and it must not falter in the
path of duty. There, sir, are words worthy of
a jurist and a patriot; a great jurist, a pure
and exalted patriot, if they could be written
deeply, indelibly upon the heart and brain of
the American people it would be well for the
perpetuity of our institutions.
By the authority of Judge Curtis, and by
that great mass of authority which he quotes
in support of his position, Congress has no
power to extend naturalization to any human
being except to a foreigner by birth. What,
then, becomes of your vaunted legislation
conferring citizenship and the right to vote and
to hold office upon all negroes? i on will wake
np some of these mornings when other men
have possession of this Government who will j
shake these unconstitutional shackles from our
Government which you have thrown around it
as a lion does the dew-drops from his mane.
No, Mr. President, your unconstitutional
laws are only cobwebs. Yon act as all parties
in power act, upon the delusion that you hold
power perpetually. The Democrats showed
that delusion when they were acting their fan-
tastic scenes in 1860 and 1861. They woke up ]
and found that all had vanished like a bubble
in air, and so you will awaken one of these
mornings, and may God speed the day 1
Mr. President, I have no enmity to the Rad-
ical party per se; I have no enmity to any of
its members per se. So far as I can persuade
my mind and my understanding that they are
right I will support them. On this principle
which they profess I stand in all the opposition
to them that 1 can command, and I will while
life lingers. So with all other parties. I would
now put you out of power, and I would put the
Democrats in power; and the moment they
attempted your own principles that moment
you would turn against them, and I would be
with you if they did put or attempt to put them
in execution. That is a holy truth ; but all, I
am sure, do not see it.
Now, sir, I say that Revels is not a citizen
under your legislation. He is not a citizen
by the decision of nine of the judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the
Dred Scott case. He is not a citizen by one
of the most learned, argumentative, powerful,
and conclusive opinions that was ever written
upon that bench.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of my
friend from Kentucky, I would like to inform
him of a fact for his information. I take it
that when a person becomes a citizen of the
United States the doctrine applies " once a
citizen always a citizen," unless he be deprived
of his citizeuship by crime or other fault of his
... own. Mr. Revels was, by the decision of the
"*t supreme court of the State of Ohio, made
by a Democratic tribunal, all of the judges
being Democratic, held to be a citizen of the
State of Ohio, and he voted in the State of
Ohio more than twenty years ago. Now,
how he can be deprived of his citizenship I
cannot ascertain. I wish to call the attention
of ray honorable friend from Kentucky to that
fact; it may bear on his argument. By the
constitution of the State of Ohio, adopted in
1802, every white male citizen of the United
States above the age of twenty-one years could
vote. That excluded technically what are
called black citizens.
Early in the history of our State the ques-
! tion came up as to who was a white male citi-
| zen ; and it was decided by the supreme court,
| I think unanimously, at a time when all the
| judges were Democratic, that a white citizen
| was one who was nearer white than black.
, That decision was acquiesced in by both parties
during the whole history of our State, until
within the past two or three years the Demo-
cratic party endeavored to exclude what are
called " visible admixture" persons—persons
who had a visible admixture of black blood.
I say, then, that undoubtedly Mr. Revels was
a citizen of Ohio by the decision of our courts,
the constitution of our State ; and he voted in
our State as he informs me himself, for a long
time. Under these circumstances it seems to
me that he does not need naturalization, and
1 do not know that any one claims that the j
effect of the civil rights bill was to confer :
naturalization. He wasalways a citizen. The !
ground we have always assumed in defending i
these measnres is that the decision of the Dred i
Scott case was a singular, strange infatuation ; |
a denial of the truth of history ; a perversion i
of the faets upon which it was based, and which
I believe np to this hour has not received rec-
ognition from the legal profession to any con-
siderable extent.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am very much !
obliged to my honorable and esteemed friend
for his interposition; but he is wide from the
mark, and for this reason: since the adoption
of the present Constitution no State has any
power or authority over the matter of nataral-
isationatall. It belongs to the General Govern-
ment alone; it belongs to Congress and only
to Congress to the extent and in the form of it
being authorized by the Constitution to declare
a uniform rule of naturalization. It can declare
but one rule of naturalization. Therefore, this
thing of naturalizing in any manner but by acts
of Congress is a departure from the uniform
rule established by the general law ; and even
those acts are unconstitutional.
Why, Mr. President, the Supreme Court have
decided again and again that States have no
power to naturalize a foreigner, that they have
no power whatever over the subject of natu-
ralization. The honorable Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] and myself were in the House
together when a contested election came up
from Virginia, between John M. Botts and Job n
S. Jones. There were a great many Italians,
forty or fifty Sicilians, 1 believe, who had settled
in Virginia, at Richmond, and who had voted
for Botts, and upon their votes he claimed in
part his right to the seat. The Committee ot'
Electionsconsidered that question and debated
it for several days, and they came to the con-
clusion that as those voters were foreigners by
birth, and had not been naturalized by law of
Congress, or under the law of Congress, but
by the act of the Legislature of Virginia, they
were not citizens and were not entitled to vote,
and I concurred most heartily in that decision.
But, Mr. President, it is not an open ques-
tion. The Supreme Court have decided repeat-
edly that no State has the power to naturalize
any persons and give them citizenship of the
United States. They may give them a quasi
citizenship for their own State; that is they
may entitle them to all the privileges of their
own State, but no person thus naturalized can
claim any right under the clause of the Consti-
tution to the rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties of citizens in any other State. I need not
remark further upon that point, because it has
been settled again and again.
Now, Mr. President, 1 wish this question of
citizenship could be appealed from the Senate
to a tribunal more learned in the law. I say
that the term "citizen" is to be interpreted by
this Senate, by every functionary and officer of
the Government that has the right and the power
to interpret it, precisely as the term was meant
and understood by those who framed and
adopted the Constitution. I have on another
occasion read Mr. Madison's statement to that
effect. I have read this very explicit and clear
premise from the Dred Scott case, and I could
tind the same principle declared and reiterated
by every authority that has ever written upon
the Constitution of the United States. The
question, then, is, was a free negro or a colored
man a citizen of the United States at the date
' of the ratification of the Constitution by the
people? I answer in the negative, and I will
read a little authority on that question.
The clause of the Constitution relative to the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States is familiar to gentlemen. There
was something like a synonymous clause in the
1 old Articles of Confederation, but it was more
! verbose and it had a greater variety of phrase.
I will read that first, and see what the evil was
that the clause i n the Constitution was intended
to regulate and reform:
"Article 4. The better to seenre and perpetuate
mutual friendship and intercourse among the people
of the different States in tbis Union; the free inhab-
itants of each of these States—paupers, vagabonds,
and fugitives from justice excepted—shall be entitled
toalithe privileges and immunities of free citiiens in
theseveral States; andthe people of each Stateshall
have free ingress and regress to and from any other
State, and shall enjoy therein all the privileges of
trade and commerce, subject to the same duties, im-
positions, and restrictions, as the inhabitants thereof,
respectively."
It will be seen that this clause uses three
different phrases. The first is " the people of
the different Statesthe second is " the free
inhabitants of each of those States, paupers,
vagabonds, and fugitives from justice excepted,
shall be entitled to the privileges and immuni-
ties of free citizens in the several States."
" Free citizens." There is another change of
the phrase; and then "the people of each
State shall have free ingress and regress to and
from," &c. It will be perceived that the term
"people" here occnrs twice, "free citizens"
once, and "free inhabitants" once. These*
