198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
that has not been sent in ? There is a statement
at some length on the subject in the report of
the Postmaster General, and is not the corre-
spondence annexed? !
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir. . j
Mr. POMEROY. It does not accompany I
the report. :
Mr. SUMNER. Then we ought to have it. j
The resolution was considered by unanimous j
consent, and agreed to. ]
DISTILLED SPIRITS. <
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate j
proceed to the' consideration of Senate bill
No. 115.
Mr. COLE. I desire permission to introduce
a joint resolution, as I was not in my seat when
bills and joint resolutions were called for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it if there be no objection.
By unanimous' consent leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 82) in
relation to the seizure of certain distilled spirits
in California; and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. COLE. I ask that the resolution be read
at length, and I desire to offer a few remarks
upon it. It will take but a few minutes, I
presume.
Mr. SUMNER. Here is a bill of import-
ance, practical importance, to the whole coun-
try and in our relations with foreign countries
relating to the cable telegraphs.
Mr. COLE. This is a matter of very con-
siderable importance, in my judgment, with
regard to our domestic relations, which are
probably as important as oar foreign affairs at
present.
Mr. SUMNER. I moved this before my
friend brought his measure forward. 1 do not
1 ike to interpose any objection, but I have been
pressed to urge this bill upon the Senate now,
and there is a strong reason for action upon it
before we adjourn. Cannot the Senator post-
pone his remarks until to-morrow, or perhaps
l his bill can be passed at once ? It has already
once passed the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I ask, then, that the joint res-
olution I have introduced lie on the table, and
1 shall call it up to-morrow.
The joint resolution was ordered to lie on the
table.
TELEGRAPHIC OCEAN CABLES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to take up for consideration the bill (S.
No. 115) relating to telegraphic communica-
tion between the United States and foreign
countries.
Mr. NORTON. There is a resolution on the
table that was offered yesterday by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurmax] and was laid over.
Does not that now come up in regular order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is lying on the
table, but will be superseded by this motion if
it prevails. IF no motion were made to take
up any other business, on the expiration of
the call for morning-hour business it would
come up.
Mr. NORTON. Does it not come up neces- j
sarily ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Not absolutely. !
After morning-hour business is called through
it would come up^ if no motion were made to
take up other business ; bat such a motion can !
then be made, and it is for a majority of the
Senate to determine what business they will '
takeup. If no motion to take up other business
bad been made, the Chair would have presented
the resolutions on the table. The question is 1
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate, '
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 115) relating to tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and foreign countries. The bill in the j
first section provides that whenever communi- ji
cation shall hereafter be established between li
the United States and any foreign country by !!
means of telegraphic or magnetic lines or cables
laid in any part thereof in and over the waters,
reefs, islands, shores, and lands within the
jurisdiction of the United States, the same
shall be subject to the following conditions,
stipulations, and reservations:
First. The Government of the United States
shall be entitled to exercise and enjoy the same
or similar privileges with regard to the control
and use of any such line or cable and the lines
or cables connected therewith that may by law,
agreement, or otherwise be exercised and en-
joyed by any foreign Government whatever.
Secondly. The United States Government
shall at all times bo entitled to the use of any
such line or cable and the lines or cables con-
nected therewith, by a telegraphic operator of
its own selection, to transmit any message to
and from its military, naval, diplomatic, and
consular agents ; and such messages shall be
entitled to take precedence of all other mes-
Thirclly. The rates to be paid for the trans-
mission of any such message or messages,
when not otherwise fixed by agreement, shall
be established by the Postmaster General of
the United States.
Fourthly. The lines of any such lines or cables
shall be kept open to the public for the trans-
mission for daily publication of market and
commercial reports and intelligence, and all
messages, dispatches, and communications
shall be forwarded in the order in which they
are received, except as hereinbefore provided.
Fifthly. It shall be at all times within the
power of Congress to determine the rates to be
charged for the transmission of messages and
communications over any such line or cable,
and to fix and establish such rules and regu-
lations in relation thereto as it may judge
necessary.
Sixthly. Before extending and establishing
any such line or cable in or over any waters,
reefs, islands, shores, and lands within the
jurisdiction of the United States a written ac-
ceptance of the terms and conditions imposed
by this act shall be filed in the office of the
Secretary of State by the company, corporation,
or party proposing to establish telegraph com-
munication.
The second section provides that subject to
the foregoing conditions, stipulations, and
reservations, and subject to the terms of such
grants as have heretofore been made by Con-
gress for laying and maintaining telegraph
cables between the United States and foreign
countries, the consent of Congress is hereby
given to the laying and maintaining of tele-
graphic or magnetic lines or cables between the
United States and foreign countries in and over
the waters, reefs, islands, shores, and lands
within the jurisdiction of the United States;
subject, however, to any and all rights of prop-
erty and State jurisdiction in and over the same.
It is declared, however, that the privileges con-
ferred by the act shall not be enjoyed by any
company or persons whose line or cable by its
connections or otherwise terminates in or ex-
tends to any foreign country in and by which
similar privileges are not conferred upon com-
panies incorporated by the authority of the
United States, or of any State of this Union.
Mr. SUMNER. Since this bill was reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
where it was very carefully considered and di-
gested, a cable has been landed on our shore
from Franco, and that makes it important to
modify the bill so as to render its provisions j
applicable to that cable. I therefore propose,
in thethird line of the first section, to strike out
the word "whenever" and insert the word
"all," and after the word "communication" i
to strike out the words " shall hereafter be es- 1
tablishedso that the clause shall read: j
"that all communication between the United j
States and any foreign country," instead of j
reading, as it does now, "that whenever com-
munication shall hereafter be established be-
tween the United States and any foreign coun-
try." The effect of the amendment is to make
this language precisely applicable not only to
all future cables, but to all existing cables;
and it proceeds, as Senators who give attention
to the bill will see, with a regular code, if I may
so characterize it, on the subject, equally appli-
cable to all.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to inquire, as this bill is on the old files and
not on the new, which bill it is, if he will char-
acterize it as between the different bills that
we may consider it ?
Mr. SUMNER. I can explain to the Senator
so that I think he will not mistake it. This is a
bill which was first reported by the Committee
on Foreign Relations some time in the month
of February last, which passed the Senate and
reached the House of Representatives, I think,
on the last day or on the day before the close
of the session, so that the House found no time
to act upon it. It was then taken up in the
Committee on Foreign Relations again in the
month of March, and by them reported again
to the Senate, and now on that report I move
its consideration. It is therefore before the
Senate for a second time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it the same bill re-
ported on the 1st of April last ?
Mr. SUMNER. The same bill passed before,
with the exception of the amendment I have
moved. I would say, if the Senate will allow
me to testify on the question, that this subject
was very carefully considered in the commit-
tee, not one or two days, but several days in a
full committee, and this bill was the best result
of our deliberations. I may add that no per-
son took a larger part in those deliberations or
in the preparation of this bill than the Senator
from Maine who has left us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to obtain some
information about this bill, to which I am a
stranger. If I comprehended hearing it read,
it asserts the power of Congress or of the Gen-
eral Government over the subject of landing
cables, all telegraphic cables in fact from any
foreign country, on the shores of the United
States. The Senate is aware that there has
been a very serious question mooted as to the
right of a State to permit the landing of a cable
on her shores irrespective of any assent of the
General Government, and that a very distin-
guished lawyer, once among the most distin-
guished members of the Senate—I refer to Mr.
Johnson, of Maryland—gave it as his opinion
after a thorough investigation of the subject, as
he said, that any State in the Union had the
right to permit the landing of a foreign cable
upon its shores.
If I understand the scope of this bill it denies
that right and asserts that the subject is under
the absolute and unlimited control of the Gen-
eral Government, or at least, if not under its
absolute control, if the assent of the State is
necessary, that still the subject is one over
which there is a superior power of regulation
in Congress. I express no opinion on that
point, for I have not investigated it; but it is
a subject which is certainly worthy of investi-
gation. I should therefore be glad if the
Senator who moved to take up the bill and
who is pressing it would permit it to be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary for the pur-
pose of considering that question.
I know the Senator says that the bill passed
the Senate at the last session of the Fortieth
Congress, and it is with great diffidence thai I
make a motion to refer a bill which has once
received the approbation of the Senate; but
there are new members in the Senate who were
not in the Senate when this bill passed, and it
seems to me it would be well that we should '
have a report from the Committee on the
Judiciary upon the law of the case. It is
an exceedingly important question, certainly,
whether or not a State has the right to permit •
the landing of a cable against the will of the i
