1870.
CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
3399
id that the busiuess of a consul is tQ be familiar
with the value of the merchandise exported
from the place where he ia located; and of all
the men on earth probably the most unfit men
lor such places are naval officers who have
beeu retired. I then told the Committee on
Naval Affairs that if they would limit the rank
to not above midshipman the Committee on
Commerce would lake the subject into consid;
eration.
I think now, if you are going to take Army
officers and put them in civil positions you had
better limit them to the rank of first lieutenant
on the active list. We have no t-ivil positions
under this Government that do not require
business capacity, work. Of all the men that
wo have in these United States I believe the
retired Army officer is the least fitted to perform
the duties of a civil office-. That proposition
coming from the Committeee on Naval Affairs
was rejected so far as naval officers were con-
cerned. The Committe on Naval Affairs de-
cided, as I said before, that they could spare the
retired officers; but the Committee on Com-
merce decided that they could not afford to take
them. Consequently the proposition was de-
feated, and I hope this one will be. It is a mis-
taken idea that the civil offices under this Gov-
ernment can be filled properly by worn-out men
whose habits of life have been antagonistic to
the intended work that is to be performed in
these civil offices. I hope that the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I think
we shall not be able to decide this question
correctly unless we bear in mind the fact that
civil offices in this country are of two classes.
One class is offices of the United States created
by law of Congress; the other, civil offices
created by the States. Now, in respect to all
Federal offices which are created by law,.it is
competent for Congress to provide what shall
be the qualifications for office, and it therefore
would be perfectly legitimate to say that no
officers of the Army or the Navy, whether in
active service or upon the retired list, shall be
.qualified to hold a civil office under the Fed-
eral Government. Over that snbject.you have
plenary power. But so. far as civil offices
created under State laws and State constitu-
tions are concerned, the qualifications for those
offices are dependent upon the State constitu-
tions and State laws, and not upon the Federal
Constitution or the Federal law.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it not competent
for Congress to enact that if any officer of the
-Army shall accept a civil office under a State
government that shall be equivalent to a resig-
nation of his,military rank 7
Mr. THURMAN. That is exactly what I
.was coming to.! That you may undoubtedly
do; but so far as the qualification fox the office
is concerned, that is a matter that rests with
the State to determine- for itself. You may
make it a forfeiture of the military office to
accept aa office under a Statej but if you do
not make it a forfeiture of the military office,
and the State constitution and laws permit
such an officer to be appointed or elected to a
civil office under the State, then lie can. hold
both. You cannot say to a. State that a man in
the military,service of the Government or the
naval service of the Government sball.be ineli-
gible to a State office. Certainly you .cannot
say so in regard to one upon,the retired list of
the Army or the retired list of the Navy. All
you can do is to say to. such a man, " It you
accept a civil, office under a State government
or under the ^Federal Government you shall
.thereby forfeit your military office." .That you
may say. ■ ,
Therefore, the question that is submitted to
the Senate by the amendment of my colleague
is simply this: will you say to these retired
officers, uIfyou accept a civil office you thereby
forfeit jour military office?" .That is the whole
aupstioi), r Now, in rasped to that I can see
that ther^ may be a pretty broad distinction
between civil offices under the Federal Gov-
ernment and. those under the State govern-
ments, in respect to. this very question. There
might be soiue reasons for saying that a ma 
in the military service, although upon the re-
tired list, should not be eligible to an appoint-
ment by th.e President to a civil office; but so
far as .a State office is concerned, I put it to
the Senate whether there is any reason why
the.^people of^a State should be limited in the
choice of their officers and prohibited from
electing to office a man on the retired list of
the Army ? Let us see how that is.
My friend from Oregon has very well said
that the theory of our Government, the genius
of our institutions, is that the military and the
civil authorities shall be separate; that the
former shall be subordinate to the latter. That
undoubtedly was the idea long ago. Whether
it has fallen into disuse lately or not I do not
stop, now to inquire. That was the idea. I
hope it will be the idea again.
But who are these retired officers? In the
first place, under section three of this bill they
are to be men whq have been thirty years in
the service of the Government. If they have
been thirty years in the service of the Govern-
ment before they can be retired every man who
will be. retired will be. between fifty and sixty
years of age. Will he be a man whom you would
wish to recall from the retired list into active
service again? Not one time in a thousand.
Who, then, are the persons under the eleventh
section who may be placed on the retired list?
They are persons who are unfit for military
duty, and being unfit for military duty none of
them will ever be restored to the active list,
j The consequence is that those persons who
I may thus be retired under the third section,
, after having been thirty years in the service of
the Government, and those persons who may
be retired under the eleventh section, because
; they are unfit for military service, are effectu-
ally removed from the Army so far as all active
operations are concerned. They are, as my
colleague has well said, nothing but pension-
ers. Now, why shall we not allow the people
of Qhio, if they want to elect one of these men
to the office of county clerk or county recorder,
or the like, to elect him? I do not think many
of them will be elected to office. I do not think
these old Army officers are,many of them, men
who would get a nomination against some active
ward politician, who understands the ropes and
the manipulations of party conventions and the
like. But still, now and tlienj it might be that
the'people would want to elect such a man to
office, and he might be a very fit man for that
civil office, though unfit for military service
owing to disease, or owing to wounds he had
received in the service, or owing to his ad-
vanced age. Why will you limit the power of
the people.to choose? Sir, l am opposed to
disfranchisement; I do not want to say to any
man that he shall not be elected to office if the
people see fit to choose him. Therefore, so far
as State offices are concerned, I see no good
reason whatever why these men might not be
eligible to those civil offices under the States.
The,Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
has said that they would have all the Army to
aid them in getting office. There would be
some force in that if the appointment was a
Federal appointment, one made by the. Presi-
dent. .The esprit de corps of the Army might
do something for an officer, in .getting Kim a
Federal appointment, an appointment to a. con-
sulate, an-appointment to a, collectorship,orto
a post office, or the like. But so far as the
volunteers are concerned, whom the remarks
of the Senator from Oregon seemed to antag-
onize to the regular Army, let me say to him
that there is a much more ^powerful organiza-
tion than the Army of the United States iu the
Way of getting office, and that limits its services
.1 believe, to the volunteers. There is the Grand
Ann j of, the Republic, which I think, gets ten
offices, yes, a hundred offices for its friends
from the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment.where there would be one obtained
by the regular Army for one of its officers, how-
ever meritorious he might be.
There is no danger that the volunteer offi-
cers will lose in the scramble for office—not
the least bit of it. They have the inside track
now. They are, most of them, trained poli-
ticians. They have the Grand Army of the
Republic, a body of trained politicians, or at
least led by a body of trained politicians, at
their back; and these few poor old men of the
regular Army who may be placed upon the
retired list would have a hard time in a con-
test with these professional politicians in the
scramble for office.
I do not see why we should make any such
distinction. So far as I am concerned, when a
man has served his country in the way that
this bill supposes these retired officers will have
served their country, and is retired upon what
is a pension, I would leave him like all other
pensioners to receive from the people, if they
deem it proper to call him to it, any office they
see fit to confer upon him. And I do not
think that that interferes at all with the prin-
ciple that the military should be kept in strict
subordination to the civil power. If I saw that
these retired officers were officers who were
ever likely to be called into active service again,
that the Government was likely to revoke the
order retiring them, and put them on the active
list, then I would go with the Senator from
Oregon in saying that they should not hold
civil office. I would not agree for a moment
that the officers on the active list of the Army
should hold civil office. I would make them
forfeit their military commissions if they ac-
cepted civil office. But I think the whole
substance of the thing was truly stated by my
colleague when he said of these retired officers
that they are simply pensioners.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
is evidently laboring under a misapprehension
in regard to the condition of the retired officers.
The retired officer by statute is declared to be—
"Liable to be assigned to such duties as the Presi-
dent may deem him capable of performing, and such
as the exigencies of the public service may require."
That is the statute; and although the retired
officer may be elected to some office in the
State of Ohio, he is subject by the order of the
President to be ordered to Washington to sit
upon a court-martial. He is subject, in the
exigencies of the service, to be put even into
active service ; and such is the amendment that
has been adopted to this bill. So thatthe Sen-
ator from Ohio is entirely mistaken. It is the
principle here which is at stake ■
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him what will be the condition of that
law if the amendment of my colleague should
be adopted ?
. Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment of the
Senator's colleague would, notraffect this Jaw
, in the least, and has no reference to it. The
amendment of his colleague merely repeals all
laws prohibiting retired officers from , being
appointed to civil office, as I understand it.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the effect by
implication?
, Mr., TRUMBULL. By implication it does
nqt repeal this law that authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to assign these offi-
cers to duty as the public service, requires. It
has no effect upon that. The Senator gives up
the, whole principle; he mixes op the military
and the civil offices of the country and speaks
of these retired officers being, disfranchised
and disqualified from holding office.. Why,
sir, they are no more disfranchised or disqual-
ified than the Senator himself is. We who hold
seats in this body are disfranchised in the same
sense. If we think proper to hold on to our
seats here we cannot .hold some other office;
but. we are at .liberty to give up our seats as
Senators if we wish to,become candidates for
other, position# or ,ar$ elected to othjec posi-
