1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
according to a strict philological construction
of language, are not terms of the same value
and import; yet they are found in the same
clause of the old Articles of Confederation ;
they relate to the same subject, and it is appa-
rent that they were intended to be used in the
same sense, to comprehend the same class of
people exactly, each one of them. There cannot
be any reasonable doubt upon that fact.
Now, the first clause of the second section of
the fourth article of the Constitution reads:
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled
to all the privileges and immunities of citizens
in the several States." I ask what is the mean-
ing of that clause ? What privileges and im-
munities is a citizen of Ohio when he goes over
into Kentucky to have there ? He is to hav«
every privilege and immunity there that a citi- ;
zen of Kentucky may have. Of course this does !
not include political rights; but the right to :
setup commercial operations, to purchase land,
to marry a wife, to social intercourse, to every
civil privilege which a white person can be
entitled to in the State of Kentucky. I say
"civil privilege;" notrights, but privileges and
immunities—the phrases are used to express
different ideas. Every privilege and immunity
which a citizen of Kentucky may claim within
that State the citizen of any other State is enti-
tled to when he goes into the State of Kentucky.
I admit that that was the sense in which
the clause was accepted and intended by the
framers of the Constitution and by the people
who ratified it. They intended to give it that
meaning. But the important question results,
what is a citizen; what is meant by a citizen?
What idea does that phrase carry? What class
of people are comprehended by it? To the
extent that the framers of the Constitution in-
tended to comprehend people by that term it
is entitled now to have full force and effect.
Beyond the extent to which they intended it
should operate, beyond which it should include
no people whatever, it has no operation now
any more than it had the day when the Consti-
tution Was ratified. At that time there were
six States maintaining slavery as one of their
domestic institutions. These were Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, and Georgia. Ali of them held rigor-
ously to slavery, and all of them had codes to
regulate the free negro and the negro slave.
Among the provisions of many of those codes
was that no slave could be educated. I have
heard that condemned in the Senate as an
extreme barbarism, and so it appears; but it
was a barbarism that obtained in the State of
Connecticut. Connecticut had a similar pro-
vision, and a negro woman went from another
State into Connecticut to teach school, and she
was there prosecuted under the law of Con-
necticut. The case was brought np on present-
ment before Judge Daggett. He decided that
a free negro from another State was not a cit-
izen, and not entitled to the privileges and
immunities of citizenship in Connecticut.
Mr. President, the position of gentlemen is
that the slave States then, whose great interest
was in slaves which they had purchased from
Massachusetts, and which constituted such a
vast portion of their wealth, and over which
they had devised and administered such rig-
orous codes both in relation to free negroes
and slave negroes that entered into the bosom
of those communities that had this population
and these slave codes to regulate them—that
those States consented by that provision of the
Constitution that negroes might go from Con-
necticut or Massachusetts, or anywhere else,
and teach their own negroes m contravention
of their penal laws; that they might go there
and commence the publication of incendiary
documents! The freedom of speech and the
freedom of the press were guarantied to the
white population of those States. Any white
person going there from any other State was
entitled to freedom of speech and freedom of
the press, according to the Constitution; and
the position of gentlemen here is that every
privilege and immunity which the free people
of any State! themselves were entitled to under
their constitution and laws was intended to be
| conferred upon every free negro from any other
State who might choose to emigrate to that
State. Who can believe it?
Mr. President, I have read to some extent
the slave history of Massachusetts. She was
the first State I ever read of that passed and
enacted a slave code; and a most inexorable
and cruel one it was. She was the first State
I ever read of where slaves were bred for mer-
chandise. The greater portion of the slaves,
nearly all of them that were brought from
Africa into the Colonies, were brought by the
ships of Massachusetts and Rhode Island.
They took away cargoes of molasses and look-
ing-glasses, and sold them to the barbaric
chiefs on the coast of Africa for their darkies.
They are the first people I ever read of who,
one hundred and fifty years ago, had a fugitive
slave law. They not only had a fugitive slave
law, but they authorized and directed and made
it the duty of some of their officers to go in i
pursuit of fugitive slaves. j
I admit that to our age, in the present state
of the moral sentiment of the world, the slave
codes of 1787 in all the slave States seem harsh
and cruel. I am no advocate for slavery; I
never have been; and if a word spoken by j
' human lips could restore it, I would be as far ;
as any man in this Senate from reestablishing
it if I could. But we are to take the Constitu-
[ tion as it was intended and as it meant at the
j time it was framed and adopted. I admit that
i the slave codes of the slave States were rigor-
j ous, harsh, and cruel; and the more rigorous,
1 harsh, and cruel you make them out to be, the
more impossible you make it for any one to
suppose that the Constitution was adopted with
any such understanding of the privilege and
immunity clause as is now contended for. The
southern States never would have given their
consent to it if that had been the meaning.
Why, Mr. President, we forget that the phrases
of our day and generation fall and pass away
like the leaves of the trees. You may not
know, but I do, that "free negro" and "slave
i negro" were universal phrases fifty years ago
that, were applied to this people. You may
read the constitutions of the different States,
you may read the statutes of the different
States, and you will fihd them used in that
sense; you will find the terms "free negro"
and " slave negro" to be the terms used.
There were but a few hundred free negroes in
any of the States when the Constitution was
formed, not so many in some of them. What
is the position of the gentlemen who advocate
this rendition of this clause? That any one
i of those few hundred free negroes, by this pro-
' vision of the Constitution, had a right to go
into any slave State and address a free white
i woman, and if she would consent, to marry
! her. Thatisoneof the privileges that is guaran-
| tied under this clause of the Constitution to those
j whom it was intended to embrace. Do you
' say that a free negro might go into a slave State
' and erect a printing office, and publish his
essays against the existence of the institution of
slavery, collect together the people of his race
and everybody who would come and hear him,
and denounce the institution, and tell his race
that it was an institution cruel andinhuman, and
oughttobe overthrown? Doyou say that afree
negro could have gone to any slave State, gone
into a hotel, claimed the right to its parlor and
to its best chambers and to sit down among its
white guests and partake of all its fare, pre-
cisely as the white people of the vicinage or
locality, and the white people of any other
State could ? Can human credulity believe that
it was ever the purpose, that it was ever the
sense and the understanding of the people of
the southern States, whose property, whose
domestic peace, whose tranquillity depended so
much upon the exclusion of negro incendiaries
from their midst, that they should open wide
the portals to them, as gentleman now contend
for ? I say not, and I will read from some laws
contemporaneous with the Constitution, and
some a little after, and some a little before, but
all about the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution. By an act of 1792 New Hampshire
organized her militia of her white male citi-
zens of the age of eighteen years and over.
She excluded every negro—or every colored
man, if Senators prefer that phrase—whether
free or slave. Rhode Island, in the laws of
1798, section five, says :
"And be it further enacted. That no person by this
act authorized to join persons in marriage shall join
in marriage any white person with any negro"—
Will Senators excuse me, although on old
patriarch, for using the word " negro ? "
"any negro, Indian, or mulatto, on the penalty of
$20 J."
It makes another provision and then adds:
" And all such marriages shall be absolutely null
and void."
I went once through the whole slave code of
Massachusetts. It was a long, and a dreary,
and most disgusting one. I do not want to
travel over it again, and do not intend to do
it; but I will give it a touch. Massachusetts,
in 1786, passed a statutory act, of which the
seventh section is in these words:
"And be it further enacted. That no parson by this
act authorized to marry shall join in marriage any
white person with any negro, Indian, or mulatto, on
penalty of the sum of fifty pounds, <fcc." * * *
i "And all suoh marriages shall be null and void."
! Will the gentlemen from those States con-
! tend that the free negro population of their
[ respective States were then citizens; that they
! had all the privileges and immunities in their
' States of white persons coming from other
! States? Will they contend that this sort of popu-
I lation, degraded, debased by their legislation,
! whose marriage with white people is interdicted
1 by penal laws and the issue of which are bast-
ardized, were intended to be received into the
; bosom of the slaveholding States with all the
immunities and privileges of free citizens of
America? It has been said again and again
; that before the Constitution was adopted free
negroes voted in several of the States. I have
never seen any sufficient evidence of the- fact.
: and I do not believe it.
! Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator
! will allow me, I will state that I have in my
hand now extracts from the constitutions and
laws of all the States that constituted the
Union at the time of the formation of the
Constitution, very carefully investigated and
determined by me for the last two years, and
I can furnish the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky with the evidence of the fact that he now
says he has not seen evidence of.
Mr. DAVIS. I have had recourse to the
same sources of information that the honorable
Senator proposes to give me; but that does
not touch the fact. If my friend will allow
me I will proceed. .
Mr. DRAKE. I thought the honorable
Senator denied the fact that negroes had been
allowed to vote in any of the States.
Mr. DAVIS. I do controvert the fact, and
I do not know whether the fact ik so or not.
I have never seen any evidence of that fact.
I have seen it stated in an opinion of Judge
Gaston  . , . .
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state a fact.
Mr. DAVIS. Let me proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Kentucky declines
to yield the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator knows
of his own knowledge or by veritable proof the
fact and the act of any free negro having voted
before the year 1787 I am willing and ready to
receive his information. [Laughter. J
Mr DRAKE. They were entitled by their
constitutions to vote, and it is presumable they
dl Mr?DAVIS. I will come to that point directly
if my friend will allow me. The constitutions
of New Hampshire and of Connecticut .are in
precisely the same words upon that subject, and
