1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2455
day before it is acted upon ia the Senate to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that has already been done.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; the Committee
on Indian Affairs never have referred it to the
Committee on Appropriations at all.
Mr. RAMSEY. Oh, yes; it has been before
the Committee on Appropriations for a week.
Mr. POMEROY. It was not referred by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and the "printed
amendment says that "Mr. Ramsey" referred
it. I do not care about the appropriation, but
I want the rule enforced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide one point made by the Senator from
Maine. It is the duty of the Chair to construe
the rule and decide the question raised, subject
to reversal by the Senate. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Maine to contend that
the amendment must come from a committee,
even if it is to carry out a treaty stipulation.
The thirtieth rule provides that an amendment
may be proposed to an appropriation bill in
four different ways; first, to carry out the pro-
visions of some existing law ; second, of some
act or resolution previously passed by the Sen-
ate during that session; third, by direction of
a standing or select committee of the Senate;
and fourth, in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments. " And
no amendment shall be received whose object
is to provide for a private claim, unless it be
to carry out the provisions of an existing law
or a treaty stipulation."
Mr. EDMUNDS. But this is not a private
claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. So it appears;
but the Chair understands the first part of the
rule to allow an amendment to be moved which
is to carry out the provisions of some existing
Saw. The question is, what is a law? The
Constitution answers that question. The Chair
is not a lawyer, but he reads in the Constitu-
tion these words:
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United
.Siates which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made or which shall be made un-
der the authority of the United States, shall bo tho
supreme law of the land."
A treaty is therefore an existing law, as the
Chair understands the Constitution.
Mr. RAMSEY. Hence, if I bring the amend-
ment within the provisions of a treaty I am
entitled to submit it to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the point,
as the Chair thinks. He is subject, however,
to be overruled by the Senate.
Mr. EDMCJNDS. Let us first understand
what the evidence is that this is to carry out a
treaty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the point
the Chair was about to state. He holds that
a treaty is a law; and the amendment comes
under the first clause of this rule, if it can be
shown to come within a treaty stipulation, the
same as if it was under a statute.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Secretary to read
the amendment again, and I will show its con-
nection with the treaty.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. The sixth article of the
treaty of 1807 with the Sisseton and Wahpeton
Santee Sioux provides:
"And further, in consideration of the destitution
■if said bands of Sisseton and Wahpeton Sioux, par-
ses hero to, resulting from the confiscation ot their
annuities and improvements, it is agreed that Con-
,'.r-^ will, in its own discretion, from time to time,
make such appropriations asmay bedcemed requisite
io enablesuid Indiansto return toanagrieulUual hto
■mlcr the system in operation on the Sioux reserva-
t<on in l,Si)2; including, if thought advisainc, tho cs-
U Ijlishment and support of local, and manual-labor
;eSioois; the employment of agricultural, mochau
u tl, and other teachers; the opening and improve-
ment of individual farms; andgonerallysuchoojccts
as Congress in its wisdom shall doom necessary to
promote tho agricultural improvement and civiliza-
tion of said bands."
Mr. CONKLING. TheSenato relies mainly
on the words "willinits discretion," Isuppose.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Tho language
of the rule is "to carry out the provisions of
some existing law," and the Chair has stated
that he considers a treaty as a law by the Con-
stitution. The sixth article of the treaty seems
to allude to two points which it concedes; the
first is that the Sisseton and Wahpeton Sioux
are destitute; and secondly, Congress agrees
that it will, in its own discretion, from time
to time, make such appropriations as may be
deemed requisite to enable said Indians to re-
turn to an agricultural life. The Chair would
think that appropriations not intended to aid
them in returning to an agricultural life, nor
to employ agricultural and other teachers, nor
for the establishment and support of manual-
labor schools, or other specific points stated in
this article, would not come within the rule;
but the Chair thinks this is strictly within tho
rule. It is to carry out the provisions of an
existing law. The treaty says that Congress
will, in its own discretion, from time to time
make these appropriations, and the only way
in which Congress can exercise its discretion
is by law, and the Senator from Minnesota pro-
poses by law to exercise that discretion at the
present time. The Chair thinks it is within the
rule. The amendment is in order and is before
the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator desires to
hear anything more on the subject I am pre-
pared to explain the proposition fully. If not,
I hope the Senate will vote in the amendment.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 8; no quorum voting-.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again put tho question, and requests Senators
to vote, so that a quorum may be found voting.
A quorum is in attendance by a count made a
few moments since.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 3 assume that a quorum
is here, so that the matter is open to debate.
Mr. President, we have preached a good deal
on the subject of economy and prudence about
appropriations. The people have believed our
preaching. But now, when we come to prac-
tice, the Senate proposes to do what? It may
be all right; but the people would look to know
the reason for it. The Senate proposes, ap-
parently without a word of explanation, with-
out any estimate from a Department, without
any report from the Secretary of the Interior,
without any report from the proper Indian
agents, which have been shown to us or been
furnished to us from the Committee on Indian
Affairs or from any committee, to blindly vote
away several thousand dollars to be expended
by somebody, no one knows who, for the pur-
pose of keeping up the character of these In-
dians in Dakota. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have not reported this proposition. It
went to the Committee on Appropriations, and
they did not report in favor of it. It may be
perfectly right for all I know, but I should be
very glad to have the people understand that
when it is proposed to make an appropriation
which no committee has reported in favor of,
what the reasons for il are if it is right; and if
it is not right, I should be glad to have that
known, so that we may vote understandxigiy.
Mr. RAMSEY. Allow me to say a word iti
response to what the Senator from Vermont
lias said. The Senator says that this has not
been estimated for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I do not say
that.
Mr. ItAMSEY. You said you hadno inform-
ation in relation to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said in proposing this
amendment there was no information furnished
to us.
Mr. RAMSEY. I distinctly stated to the
Senatebefore, the communication from theSec-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs find the local agent of these
Indians,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear that. That
is the information we want.
. Mr. RAMSEY. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in his communication, says:*
"Also, recommending an appropriation of 810,000
for said Indians for the remainder of the present
fiscal year, to provide necessary food for them ldur-
ingihe spring and summer, and to furnish themwith
implements and seeds for cultivating their fields.'"
Here is the communication of General Par-
ker, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in which
he says:
" But from reports received at this office"—
The Senate will understand I am only read-
ing portions of these communications—
""But from reports received at this office it will not
prove sufficient to furnish tho Indians with the act-
ual necessaries of life to theend of the presentflscal
year."
That is, the estimate for the general appro-
priation for the year ending June 30,1871, and
hence he makes this request for an appropria-
tion for the present year :
"I herewith inclose a copy of a letter from H. H.
Sibley, esq., who is acting for Bishop Whipplo in his
absence, dated the 19th ultimo, inclosing one from
Agent Daniels, with an estimate of appropriations
required for the Sisseton and "Wahpeton bands of
Sioux on tho Lake Traverse and Devil's Lake reser-
vations for tho fiscal year ending June 30,1871, This
estimate amounts in the aggregate to 670,135 80, and
Mr. Sibley, for reasons given m his letter, suggests
that tho further sum of $10,000 be appropriated for
tho present fiscal year to provido necessary food for
tho Indians during the spring and summer, and to
furnish them with implements and seeds for culti-
vating and planting their fields.
" With the exception of the items for pay of inter-
preters, the estimate of Agent Daniels is approved
by this office; and I would also recommend the .ap-
propriation at an early day ot the $10,000 required
for use tho coming spring and summer to feed said
Indians, and to enable them toplanttheir fields and
cultivato tho same."
General Sibley says;
"Theso Indians are doing so well, and seem so
anxious to assimilate themselves to tho condition
and habits of life of the whites, that they should moet
with every practicablo encouragement at tho hands
of the Government.
" 1 trust tha.t the small amount estimated for—in
all loss than SS0,000 for both reservations for an entire
year—will bo accorded by Congress without curtail-
ment; and I respectfully suggest that the sum of
$10,000 be appropriated for the current year, as the
funds on hand, nowlessthan SB,000, will not sufiica to
iuinish tho bands named with actual necessaries I'j
the end of the present fiscal year, June30,1870."
Agent Daniels says :
"A few young inen thatwere educated at the Pres-
byterian mission, near Yellow Medicine, on their old
reservation, who have received the least help from
Government, are further advanced in civilization,
better adapted to care for themselves, and have a
greater influence for good on these Indians than any
other men among them."
These were the friendly Indians in the Sioux
massacre of 1862. There were about two
thousand of them collected by the Govern-
ment on this reservation near Fort Wadsworth.
As the Senate well know, under the act of
March 3, 18G3, the whole of the annuities of
the Sioux Indians who were parties to that
massacre were confiscated. These friendly
Indians, who were separated from them and
collected upon this reservation, have been
without any appropriation, except one made
since their treaty of 1867. A small sum was
appropriated at that time, but not sufficient to
enable them to break ground and open farms
so as to maintain themselves. They are now
in a great strait just as a long winter is term-
inating, and before the summer comes when
they may support themselves by fishing and
hunting. To relievo them at this pinch of the
vera- the Department ask for this appropria-
tion of $10,000. I think the Senate will do
themselves great injustice, the country, great
injustice, and these Indians great injustice by
reiusiug this small appropriation.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it recommended by
the Department?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir; as I have just
read, it is recommended by all the branches
of the Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much was appro-
priated last year for this same purpose?
Mr. RAMSEY. About sixty thousand dol-
