1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5287
. I am not favorable to a forced effort tobring
population to this country; but I am one only
of that opinion ; and if there is any measure
of this character that should receive the assent
of Congress, this, in my judgment, is the one.
The names that are attached to the bill are a
guarantee, so far as such grants can be prop-
erly furthered, that they will be used in accord-
ance with the spirit and intent of Congress,
in the grants heretofore made for other pur-
poses. I trust, therefore, that the Senate will
give their assent to this proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am certainly unfortu-
nate in being understood by Senators, or else
singularly unfortunate in being unable to under-
stand this bill. The Senator from Rhode Island
compares it to railroad grants. I do not see
the least analogy between this and the grants
for the purpose of constructing railroads
through the country. That is not the object
of this bill, nor its purpose; that is a mere in-
cident. The object of this bill is to create an
association of wealthy persons, combining capi-
tal to the extent of $10,000,000, to go into our
western country where lands are cheap and to
perfect their title to vast tracts of land to which
they may have conditional contracts already
amounting to millions and millions of acres.
There is nothing that operates more preju-
dicially to western interests, to the new States,
than the accumulation of vast quantities of
lands in the hands of a few individuals. How
is it in my own State, which is not now a very
new State? There are, up to this time, many
sections of land in some of our populous coun-
ties that are held by non-re^jdents for the pur-
pose of making fortunes out of them when
their value is increased by the settlements
made by settlers who go to dwell upon the
land and to cultivate and improve it.
Now, this is a speculation. Let Senators
not be deceived. Let western Senators not
be deceived. I ask any of you who have re-
sided in the new States if anything is more
prejudicial to the interests of those States than
the accumulation of vast quantities of lands in
the hands^of non-residents? Who compose
this company—a company made up, perhaps,
of persons not one of whom lives or ever ex-
pects to live in the Territories of Colorado and
New Mexico? Possibly there may have been
one or two residents there, put in to give a
nominal character to the corporation; but
many of the persons named here, I am sure,
do not reside in either of the Territories.
Where land belongs to individuals, by the
death of the owner the estate is divided.
Where it belongs to a corporation, the corpor-
ation never dies. This is a corporation in
perpetuity, and every one of the persons now
incorporated may die, but the corporation lives
and holds these lands for a thousand years.
There is no end to it; and the object is to
create a great land monopoly that shall absorb
the most valuable lands in two of your Terri-
tories, soon to be populated by hundreds of
thousands and perhaps millions of people.
This a speculation. These persons have em-
barked in it for the purpose of making money.
That is what they are after. They, perhaps,
have bought up the agricultural college scrip
that belongs to some of the States of the Union
at half its face value. Undoubtedly they have
procured millions of dollars of it, and pur-
chased millions of acres of land. And how is
this to be distributed? They propose to lease
it; they will sell if they can make more money
in that way 
Mr. POMEROY. They cannot locate an
acre of college scrip in Colorado or New Mex-
ico. The land there cannot be offered at public
sale, and they cannot get an acre of it with col-
lege scrip.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, what lands do they
own?
Mr. NYE. What they have purchased.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whom have they pur-
chased of?
Mr. NYE.. They have purchased a Spanish
grant.
Mr. TRUMBUXiL. A Spanish grant 1 We
have no evidence of that here.
Mr. NYE. Everybody knows it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill goes for nothing
if they do not own the land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill does not go
for nothing if they do not own it. They may
have made a conditional contract, provided
this charter is granted, that they will purchase
half the land of these Territories; and they can
by this bill. Your bill is that they shall be
authorized to purchase any lands which are
contracted for.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a mistake. That
has been amended. It reads, "now contracted
for with any one of the co-tenants."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Contracted for with any
of the co-tenants. What does that mean? Co-
tenants of what?
Mr. ANTHONY. It means this: one of the
persons who owns this land is not named in
the charter, and therefore they are allowed to
purchase the lands contracted for that belong
to him. The bill is so amended as to prevent
them purchasing any other lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL.- I do not understand
that it is so amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is so amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " Any lands that are
owned or contracted-for by any of the persons
named in the first section of this act" is the
language of the fifth section of the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. That has been amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Amended, how? The
legal effect of it, I apprehend, is not changed.
Mr. ANTHONY. "Any land within the
San Luis park," which is the name of the
locality where they have purchased. Let the
Secretary read it as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Rhode Island be good enough to tell me the
extent in acres of the Sati Luis park?
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot.
Mr. DRAKE. I have understood that the
quantity of land owned by this company, or by
the individuals composing it, was five hundred
thousand acres.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose it is as much
as that.
Mr. DRAKE. Perhaps it is a million.
Mr. WILLIAMS. More than that, I guess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] know?
Mr. NYE. I do not choose to interfere;
but this is a question we have examined before
the Committee on Territories, of which I have
the honor to be chairman. Thetractis between
four and live hundred thousand acres of land ;
and I will say right here, for the benefit of the
Senator from Illinois, that they own it now,
and I do not suppose Congress can take the
ownership away from them.
Mr. CRAGIN. The title was confirmed by
Congress a few years ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is so I move to
strike out the words "lands contracted for."
Mr. ANTHONY. Let it be reported as
amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The word " contracted"
occurs in line ten of section five.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let that clause be read
as amended.
The Chief Ct.riik. That portion of the bill,
as amended, reads:
To purchase, hold, lease, sell, and mortgage any
real estate situate in the San Luis Park, in said Ter-
ritories, or either of them, now owned or contracted
for by any of the persons named in the first section
of this act with any co-tenant thereof, his or their
heirs or assigns.
Mr. WILSON. It does seem to me that it
is wrong to go on with this bill. We met for
a special purpose ; and we are crowding those
bills out by this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not delay the
time of the Senate. I have expressed my
views about it. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT." The yeas and
nays have beeu ordered on the passage of , the
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out
the word "contracted."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be dona
only by unanimous consent or by a reconsid-
eration.
Mr. ANTHONY. The way it is amended
it meets the Senator's views without that
change.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Notatall. Theamend-
ment does not affect it in the least.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks unanimous consent to move the
amendment he has indicated, without recon-
sidering the vote on the third reading. Is there
objection?
Mr. CONKLING. I understand from very
intelligent and good authority that that amend-
ment will not do good, but will do harm in the
honest purpose of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt it will
do a great deal of harm in the objects sought
to be accomplished by this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois move to reconsider the vote
on the third reading of the bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I will not move
a reconsideration. If the Senate want to put
in the word "contracted," I shail not stand
in the way.
Mr. VrCKERS. In the seventh line, on the
first page, after the word " corporate," I pro-
pose to add " for the period of twenty-five
years;" and then, at the end of the bill, to add:
And be it farther enacted, That Congress shall have
power to amend or repeal this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A clause reserv-
ing the power to amend or repeal has been put
in. The Senator from Maryland desires to
amend the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 16 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragm,
Hamlin, Harris,Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer,
Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
and Williams—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Davis, Drake, Fowler,
Harlan, Howell, Johnston, Lewi -, Pratt, Robertson,
Saulsbury. Stockton, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, and
Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Casserly, Oa.ttelI, Edmunds, Kenton,
Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton ol Texas, Kellogg, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Revels, Sehurz, Scott. Sherman, Thurman, War-
ner, and Yates—28.
So the bill was passed.
mail steamship service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The bill (S. No.
328) to encourage the establishment of a line
of steamships, under the flag of the Union, for
the conveyance of the mails of the United
States to European ports and ports of India
and China, by way of the Suez canal, and for
promoting emigration from Europe to the
southern States of the Union, and reducing the
rates of ocean postage, is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. McDONALD. I will state that this bill
has been read through; but if any one desires
to have it read again 
Mr. SUMNER. There is no necessity for
reading it.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer to have it read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the amend •
ment reported, by way of substitute, on the 7th
of February, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. THAYER. I ask which amendment
the Secretary is reading?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
reported on the 7th of February. Ithas inter-
lineations in it which may differ somewhat
