1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4343
would divert the trade and commerce of our
agricultural districts from the towns and cities
of our own State. Now, hear me on that. So
far as our agricultural interest to-day is con-
cerned, it is all this side of this contemplated
Kansas road, and it will never be interfered
with by the Kansas road. Whatever we have
to-day we shall have hereafter; but he says it
will injure our towns and cities. Well, where
are our towns and cities ? They are on the Mis-
souri river, and there is our heavy population.
There is to be a vote for Governor this fall, and
therefore it is very wise and very politic for the
Governor to say to the people in all the popu-
lous towns along the Missouri river, "I favor
your interests; your Senators do not understand
your interests, but I do ; and you will please
make a note of ruy efforts to throw all the trade
of the country into the river towns, for consid-
eration when you deposit your ballots." That
is an electioneering dodge that lam sorry should
come from the State of Nebraska. But the
Governor fears thatseveral roads may converge
at Fort Kearny. I know that when the town
of Lincoln desired to have but one road to Fort
Kearny, so that she could pour through her
streets all the commerce of the back coun-
try^ the people preferred competition among
various roads.
Now, in regard to this being disastrous to
our material interests, if we have a road through
the western country where the savage roams
to-day occasionally, is it so? We shall soon
have one hundred thousand population thrown
along the line of that road, and they will stand
there as a protection to our far-off frontier;
and we shall have all the property for taxation
that that population brings along the road.
But it is said that Kansas roads ought to be
built out of Kansas lands. Sir, roads in Kan-
sas are built with Kansas lands; roads not in
Kansas are not built with lands in Kansas.
I say, then, not wishing to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate longer, that a properly re-
stricted bill for the Central Branch Pacific rail-
road is for the benefit of the population of the
far western portion of the State of Nebraska;
and that it has nothing to do in interfering with
that road in which I have had so much inter-
est for so long a time, and which in a very few
days I shall be asking the Senate to indorse as
the central road in south Nebraska leading to
Denver, in Colorado Territory.
Now, I wish to say one word more. My
colleague spoke of being in favor of the set-
tler. That is all well enough ; but mark you
hero, when he introduces a railroad bill on this
floor he does not put in it the graduation clause,
which says that the land shall always be sold
to the actual settler and at not more than S2 50
an acre, and that the building of the road shall
never impede the settler. When I introduce
a bill, as in my Brownville bill, I put in all
that, and I say to my neighbors, "If you build
a road you shall not have an opportunity of
making a fortune out of the lands; you shall
never sell the lands for more than an average
of ยง2 50 an acre." But my colleague leaves
speculation in the hands of his railroad com-
panies. ยฃ make the limitation, and I suppose,
therefore, I am not specially damaged by the
assertion that he is the friend of the settler.
Sir, I wish to deal in no more remarks of
this kind here. All I have to ask of you is to
pass for me the bill for the road from Brown-
ville to Denver, and give us a decent privilege
to cut across this road of the Central Branch
Pacific, and I shall be responsible to my con-
stituency now and hereafter.
Mr. BOSS. Mr. President, I have a prop-
osition to amend this bill, which, in my judg-
ment, will satisfy very largely the opposition
that has been manifested toward it; which will
be a great deal better for the company itself,
and with which I think it ought to be satisfied,
and which will be vastly better for the State in
which the road lies. I send it to the desk to
be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it offered
as an amendment to the amendment of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad ?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir; as an amendment to
the original text of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported.
The Chief Clebk. It is proposed in line six-
teen of the bill to strike out the words " with
the Union Pacific railroad at any point not fur-
ther west than the one hundredth meridian of
west longitude," and to insert:
St. Joseph and Denver City railroad, at the north-
ern boundary of the State of Kansas, within said
State; and also, if it so elect, with the Kansas Pacific
railroad, at or west of the town of Jill&wurth; sncli
election to be made and indicated to the Secretary
within three, months after the passage of this act;
So as to make the bill read:
Said Central Branch Union Pacific Ituilroad Com-
pany may continue its road westerly Irom the term-
ination of the one hundredth meridian aforesaid, to a
connection with the St. Joseph and Denver City rail-
road at the northern boundary, &c.
Mr._ ROSS. The purpose of the amend-
ment is to make one continuous road to Fort
Kearny over a line which is already endowed
by a land grant from Congress. As this road
is now constructed, it lies within twenty miles
of the St. J o and Denver road, which already
has a land grant to Fort Kearny, or the one
hundredth meridian, the same point to which
this line now proposes to go. The Central
Branch road is now so constructed that it may
connect with the St. Jo and Denver railroad
within forty miles without going a mile out of
its general course.
In addition to this, I propose to give it also
the right to connect with the Kansas Pacific
line, which will be a continuation of about
sixty to one hundred miles longer, and which
will be not only of great advantage to the road
itself, but alsb of still greater advantage to that
entire section of the State. It relieves this
bill very largely of the objection which has
been raised against it, of making two compet-
ing lines within ten or fifteen miles of each
other for a distance of three hundred miles.
I do not see myself, as has been suggested by
the opposition to the bill, any necessity for
making two competing lines so close together.
If we avoid this competition we save a very
large tract of public lands to settlement, and
we also secure from sixty to one hundred miles
of additional road within the State; and that,
too, where there are now no railroad facilities
whatever, and where they are very much needed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Tuu.m-
jsull.) The question will fiist be taken on
the committee's amendment, the amendment
offered by the Senator irom Kansas being to
another part of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I propose to
say a few words on this subject. It is a very
familiar one to the Senate. It has been before
the body for the last five or six years, and the
assumption upon which this bill is reported has
been frequently negatived by the vote of the
Senate. That assumption is that the faith of
Congress stands pledged by its legislation to
make a subsidy in money for the continuation
of this Central Branch beyond the distance of
one hundred miles. I deny that Congress has
ever made any such pledge.
The honorable Senator from Michigan, the
chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, announces in his explanation of the
bill that the faith of Congress stands pledged
to a money subsidy to this road, and that the
land subsidy now proposed is intended as a
satisfaction and a payment in land of the ob-
ligation of Congress to issue bonds to thisroad.
I deny that there is any such basis upon which
to locate this bill.
Sir, the faith of Congress was pledged to this
road to aid it to the extentof one hundred miles,
and to reach the eastern division of the Pacific
railroad within that distance from the starting-
point of this Central Branch road, the city of
Atchison. If this Central Branch had sur-
veyed and constructed its line from Atchison
to Fort Riley it could have reached the east-
ern division of the Pacific railroad within one
hundred miles. It did not choose so to con-
struct its road, but diverged from that line to
the southwest, so as to increase the length of
its line of road some forty or fifty miles. It
was the violation, by this company itself, of
the line upon which it was contemplated its
road should be built, that increased the distance
beyond one hundred miles, because if it had
constructed its road on a direct line to Fort
Riley it would have reached its connection
with the eastern division of the Pacific railroad
within the hundred miles, and could have had
every acre and every dollar of land and money
subsidy that any man can contend was pledged
by Congress to the assistance of this road in
making its line.
I admit that this Central Branch Company
had the right to locate its road wherever it
pleased ; but if it chose to vary its line from
the direction of Fort Riley to a more south-
western line that would increase its length, that
increased length of road it would have to make
upon its own resources, and there was no obli-
gation whatever resting upon Congress to'aid
it either by land or money subsidies in con-
structing a longer route of road than onehun-
dred miles.
When this road received its original subsidy,
according to my recollection, the general un-
derstanding was that it would be ran from
Atchison to Fort Riley. In that distance it
would unite with the eastern division of the
Pacific railroad, and in that distance its entire
line of road conld be constructed within one
hundred miles from Atchison. Now, by divert-
ing the line of its road so as to increase its
distance from forty to sixty miles it assumes
that it has the right to call upon Congress for
a proportionate addition of land and money
subsidy. That was the basis upon which a
demand has been repeatedly made to Congress
heretofore to pay more of money subsidy to
this road for the construction of the increased
line of road. The Senate has been repeatedly
called upon to vote a money subsidy upon this
assumption of an obligation on the part of
Congress to aid in the construction of the
additional extent of road. That proposition
has been debated at length again and again in
the Senate, and has always been voted down,
and, according to my judgment, correctly,
without any violation of faith.
When the subject of an additional money
subsidy to this road was first introduced into
Congress I was disposed to favor it, because I
had been assured by so many gentlemen of
respectability and intelligence that the faith of
Congress was pledged to additional subsidy as
to impose upon me the belief that such an obli-
gation did exist, and I wanted the obligation
canceled by the issuance of the bonds for that
money subsidy, and the appropriation of the
land for the land subsidy. But I investigated
the subject for myself, and I have come to a
different conclusion. No man has a higher
regard for Judge Curtis, and for his eminent
ability as a lawyer, and his moral worth as a
man, than I have; but his argument did not
satisfy me that Congress was under any obli-
gation whatever to vote the additional moneyed
subsidy or to grant additional lands, because
the basis*of the construction of this Central
Branch road, upon which Congress agreed to
vote both laud and the money subsidy,was, that
it should run from Atchison to Fort Riley, or to
some point east of Fort Riley, where it could
unite with the eastern division of the Pacific
railroad, and then it would have been within
the limit of the one hundred miles for the con-
struction of which the subsidies were originally
granted.
This subject has been debated by gentlemen
who understand it much better than I do. The
great and original principle upon which land
subsidies have been voted to railroads would
be flagrantly violated by this measure. I hat
principle has been, that the sections of land
designated by odd numbers should be given to
