2456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
lars. They have been three years under this
treaty, and they have received but one appro-
priation in all that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote; everybody
understands the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I do not yet. I
should be glad to hear from the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations the reason
why the committee were not in favor of it as it
went to them.
Mr. AIORRILL, of Maine. As the service
was not definitely provided for by the treaty,
or in other words, as it was a matter of discre-
tion as to what sum ought to be allowed, the
Committee on Appropriations thought it more
properly belonged to the Committee ou Indian
Affaiis to judge of what the service required
in regard to these Indians, it will be seen
that it is entirely left to the discretion of Con-
gress. The rule ou which the Committao on
Appropriations acts is to provide for the public
service in its various branches precisely in
harmony with the positive provisions of law.
If we find that a service is provided for by law
and the amouut fixed, then we appropriate
that sum ; but if it is not fixed, then it should
go to the appropriate committee, the commit-
tee that is cognizant of the particular subject,
to examine into it and present it to the Senate
when the bill comes up. For that reason the
Committee on Appropriations left it to the
Committee ou Indian Affairs to move this
amendment when the bill should be brought
into the Senate.
Air. EDAIUNDS. My fiiend from Minne-
sota says that only §00,000 have been appro-
priated for these Indians. I am looking at the
statutes to .see how nearly right he is.
-Mr. 1'AMSEl'. 1 haie no recollection of
more than that. 1 do not pretend to be very
accurate about it. I think but one appropri-
ation has been made, and the treaty was made
in 1807.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I find on
a hasty examination of the last volume of the
statutes that Congress has already appropri-
ated—and 1 believe I have not got it all now—
§105,400 for this very purpose.
Mr. IIAllLAN. For what Indians?
Mr. EDMUNDS. For the Sissetons and
whatever you call them—these very Indians by
name.
Air. RAMSEY. Head it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not au Indian; I
cannot pronounce the Indian language.
Air. RAMSEi. There has been one appro-
priation made for these Indians, and but one,
in three years.
Mr. EDAIUNDS. Here are two in the stat-
utes, and I will read them to the Senate. This
may be entirely right. but 1 prefer to follow the
Committee on Appropriations:
"For furnishing the Sisseton and Wahpeton Sioux
at Devil's Lake, Dakota Territory, with agricultural
anil mechanical implements, and to provide lor their
education as contemplated by t ho sixth and seventh
artielcs of treaty, Feoruary Is), 1SB7, $15,000, to bo
expended under the direction ot Key. 11 J!. Whip-
ple, ot Fin-ibault, in tho State of Minnesota.
"For furnishing tho Sissoton and H'ahpoton In-
dians at Lake Traverse, DakutaTcrritory, under the
tsaaio freaiy for the above-named purposes, fettO.OOO,
to bo expended unacr the direction of llov. il. L>.
Whipple, of Faribault, in the .State ot Minnesota;
und to pay for provisions and agricultural imple-
ments furnished ^utd Indians during tho wmtei uf
1867 and 1808, &7,457 25."
There arc two. Now wi; come to another
presently:
" For subsistence, clothing, and general incidental
cxpen-es ot tho Sis.,eton, Walipeton, Mcduwsikan-
ton, and Waupakoota bands of tile .Sioux or Dakota
Indians, known as tho Santoo Sioux" 
Mr. RAMSEY. That is a larger field now.
Yon are taking in other bands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That, may be a larger
field. This appropriation is 850,000. How
much of this last §50.000 has been appropri-
ated to these Indians'/
Mr. RAMSEY. That is a different Lody of
Indians.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator say the
Sissetons and Wakpetons aro a different body
of Indians ?
Mr. RAMSEY. No; but you bring in the
Medawakantons.
Air. EDMUNDS. I understand it perfectly.
That is what I am endeavoring to explain to
the Senate. There is ail appropriation of
S50,000 for these two bauds and two other
bands.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; that is four
bands.
Air. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, four bands; and
then if the Senator will look further 
Mr. RAA1SEY. Read the appropriation.
Air. EDMUNDS. 1 did. it is $50,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. Where does it locate them?
Mr. EDMUNDS. "At their new homes
near the mouth of the Niobrara."
Mr. RAMSEY'. That is a different body of
Indians entirely. .
Air. EDAIUNDS. Then tho Senator from
Minnesota informs us, if 1 understand him,
that there aro two bands of the same name,
two of Sissetons and two others of Wahpetons
in different places.
Air. RAMSEY. Yes, sir. The unfriendly
Indians were taken down to the mouth of tho
Niobrara. They are Sissetons, Wahpetons,
Medawakantons, and Waupakootas; but the
friendly Indians are entirely Sissetons and
Wahpetons, and those aro the Indians for
whom this amendment provides. They aro in
Dakota, while the others are located near the
mouth of the Niobrara in Nebraska.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Then we
have got, if you separate those, about sixty
thousand dollars, as the Senator said, appro-
priated to these, Indians for the purpose of
buying farming implements and $7,000 for
supporting them.
Mr. RAMSEY. But that is not for the
Indians that the amendment provides for. No
part of that $50,000 goes to these Indians.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I am now taking my
friend at his word, that $30,000 have been
appropriated to these Indians, and ho says this
last $50,000 does not apply to them.
Air. RAA1SEY. But tho Senator proceeded
to prove the contrary of what I said, and has
not done it. If he had accepted my statement
at first it would have saved all trouble. [Laugh-
ter.]
Air. EDMUNDS. Very well; we will take
it at §00,000, unless the Senator wishes to
withdraw that.
A!r. RAMSEY. Oh, no, sir; I shall not.
Air. EDMUNDS. Very well; then we have
paid §00,000 already to these two bands of
Indians. Now I wish to ask my friend how
many souls they contain?
Mr. RAMSEY. Two thousand.
Air. EDMUNDS. Sixty thousand dollars
for a village of two thousand people to aid
thorn in agriculture and to support them was
appropriated in tho last appropriation bill.
Now, the Committee on Appropriations have
reported that they think this appropriation
ought not to be made in this bill ; tiiatit ought
to be considered in its appropriate place, so
that this subject of providing lor these Indians
can be properly considered ; and that is the
reason which the chairman gives us for not
having acted upon this amendment. If the
chairman of tho Committee on Appropriations
and the members of the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whose aid 1 supposed 1 was coming
when 1 was voting against this amendment,
say that this amendment ought to go into this
bill, then I have not another word to say, if
they take the responsibility ; but if against
their wishes the amendment is to be put on,
then I wish, for one, to stand by their opinion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Senator from
Vermont, has not a particle of magnanimity
about him. He says that the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations has reported
that there is no provision of this kind neces-
sary. Ho drew it out of the Senator. The
chairman made no such report. He reluct-
antly stated that his reasons for not making a
favorable report was that he thought it was not
strictly within the provisions of the treaty; but
he did not come forward himself and make any
such report. Ho had no such feeling against
these poor devils up there. [Laughter.] In
order that the Senate may understand precisely
the status of these Indians, allow, me to read
two clauses from their treaty with this Gov-
ernment :
"Whereas it is understood that a portion of tho
Sissoton and Wahpeton bands of Santee« Sioux
Indians, numbering from twelve to fifteen hundred
persons"—
Sine© then a great many more have gone
there from the Niobrara reservation, so that
they now number two thousand—
" not only preserved their obligations to tho Govern-
ment, of tho United States during and sineo tho out-
break of the Medawakantons and other bands of
Sioux in 1802, but freely periled their lives during
that outbreak to rescue tho residents on tho Sioux
reservation, aud to obtain possession of white women
audcliildrou made captives b.v tho hostile bands; and
that another portion of said Sissoton and Wahpetou
bands, numbering from ton to twelve hundred per-
sons, who did not participate in tho massacre of the
whites in 1^62, fearing tho indiscriminate vengeance
of tho whites, fled to the great prairies of tho North-
west, wherothoy still remain; and whereas Congress,
in confiscating tho Sioux annuities and reservations,
made no provision for tho support of t hese, tho friendly
portion of tho Sisseton auu Wahpeton bands, and it
is believed that they have boon suffered to remain
homeless wanderers, frequently subject to intense
suffering from want of subsistence and clothing to
protect them from tho rigors of a high northern lati-
tude, although at ;iil times prompt in rendering ser-
vice when called upon to repel hostilo raids and to
punish depredations committed by hostilo Indians
upon the persons and property of tho whites."
This is the class of people that the honorable
Senator from Vermont would deprive of this
small amount of $10,000.
Air. EDMUNDS. 1 do not propose to de-
prive them of anything. I propose to have the
matter properly considered by a committee.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It appears to me
that this appropriation should not depend at
all upon the amount which has been appropri-
ated for the benefit of these Indians in the
years of the past, but simply upon the ques-
tion of their necessities and tho obligation of
the Government to perform treaty stipulations
to meet those necessities. Believing, as I do,
that the necessities of the Indians are very
great, and that we aro under obligations by the
treaty to meet those necessities, I am in favor
of this amendment, and hopeitwiUbo adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Alinnesota.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TIIURAIAN. I moved some time since
to reduce the appropriations for furnishing
court-houscs, on page 0, but there were so
many lawyers in the Senate, and they wanted
their court-houses to look so nice, that they
voted me down. I might have known that. I
am going to quit anything that the lawyers are
concerned about, and I move now to reduce the
appropriation in lines one hundred and twenty-
two and one hundred and twenty three "for
furniture for the custom-house at Ogdensburg,
New York,'1 from $15,000 to §5,000, or I wiil
say cut it down one half, $7,500; and I call
t lie attention pf my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, to the fact that
he cannot say that safes aro included in that
§15.000. for they are provided for in lines one
hundred and thirty-six, one hundred and thirty-
seven, and one hundred and thirty-eight of the
bill as well as in the estimate sent from the
Department as a separate matter. In lines one
hundred and thirty-six, one hundred and thirty-
seven, and one hundred and thirty-eight we
have this appropriation:
F°r furnishing the necessary vaults, safes, and
Jocks for the various public buildings under the con-
trol of tho Treasury ^Department, 6~.3,UUi).
So that there are no vaults, safes, locks, or
anything of that kind to be furnished under
this appropriation of §15.000. 1 hope my
