200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
These words " and subject to the terms of
such grants as have heretofore been made by
Congress" were introduced after the bill had
been, prepared, at the suggestion of gentlemen
who represented the very cables to which the
Senator now refers; indeed, I may say they
communicated with me, and they expressed
their entire satisfaction with this amendment
as completely covering their interests.
I should-have asked action on the bill to-day
in the original form, without proposing any
additional amendment, but for an unexpected
incident. Since this bill was reported, as the
Senate is aware, a cable from France with a
concession lasting twenty years, a monopoly in
its character, has been landed on the coast of
Massachusetts under an act of the Legislature
of that State. The Senate will remember that
during the vacation the subject was considered
by the Secretary of State in a correspondence
between him and the ministers both of England
and of France, and that he felt it his duty to
communicate to those gentlemen this bill, say-
ing that it had already passed the Senate once
and that he presumed it would become sub-
stantially the system regulating the cable rela-
tions between the two hemispheres. They took
notice accordingly; but in the face of that no-
tice the French company proceeded with their
cable and have landed it in Massachusetts.
Now the question is whether this regulation
shall not be made applicable to that French
cable ; and I would say to the Senator from
New York that I have proposed this amend-
ment simply to meet that case, andon consid-
ering it carefully, consulting with one of my
colleagues on the committee, I felt that the
best way was to make the code universal in its
application, with the limitation to which I have
already called attention,reserving to the Florida
cable and the western cable all existing rights
that they have under the legislation of Congress.
Tt seemed to me that they were adequately pro-
tected by that reservation and that our system
of cable regulations should have uniformity
and universality.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I wish to
submit a very few observations in reply to the
remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts;
but as I see it is near one o'clock I move that
the special order be postponed for a few min-
utes that I inay make those observations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special
order has not yet been called up; but the
Senator from Ohio asks unanimous consent to
bo heard, for what length of time?
Mr. THURMAN. For not more than ten
or fifteen minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent that this
debate may extend fifteen minutes beyond one
o'clock without prejudice to the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. ^ I hope we shall get through
with the Georgia bill to-day. I should be glad
to hear the Senator from Ohio, but as the bill
now in hand cannot be disposed of in fifteen
minutes or an hour I trust we shall proceed
with the unfinished business of yesterdav.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope after the remarks
that have been made the Senator from Indiana
w m,noJr9^ee''to my replying at once.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
ition to the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio that the unfinished business shall be
postponed informally till fifteen minutes after
one o clock? The Chair hears no objection,
ihe Senator from Ohio will proceed.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has very truly said that
1 am a new memberof this body; and he might
have said with my entire concurrence that no
member of the Senate needs instruction in his
duties more than I do, and that 110 one is willing
to receive instruction with more respect from
any member of the Senate than I am from the
experienced Senator from Massachusetts. But
there are some things, Mr. President, that novis
Aomo as I am I think I understand; and I think
that among them is this: that a motion to
refer this bill to the Committee on the Judieiary
manifests no disrespect to the Committee on
Foreign Relations. If I am not mistaken there
now are, or have been since I have been a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Cctemittee, several bills
reported by othercommittees thatwere referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary because in
the opinion of the Senate t&ey involved some
legal questions that ought to be considered by
that committee. Indeed, I think it is a very com-
mon thing in legislation to refer a bill that has
been reported by one committee to some other
committee peculiarly charged with the con-
sideration of some of the subjects that may be in
that bill. For instance, a bill may be reported
upon the policy of which the Committee on
Public Lands, or on Territories, or on Foreign
Relations would be the proper committee to
report, and at the same time it might well con-
tain provisions which would make it proper to
refer that bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciaiy. At all events, whether I am right in
this or not, I think such has been the practice ;
and one thing is certain, that in making that
motion the furthest thing in the world from my
thoughts was to treat the Committee on Foreign
Relations with anything short of respect.
The Senator from Massachusetts takes ex-
ception to my referring to the opinion of a
lawyer who is not a member of this body. He
said that if the lawyer was a member of this
body, even as humble as myself, for he was
kind^ enough to say that he would listen to my
opinion with respect, he would regard the
opinion of that lawyer as worthy of his con-
sideration. Now I.submit, Mr. President, that
the opinion of a lawyer is worth neither more
nor less because he is a member of this body.
The Senator would not hesitate to consider the
opinion of Alexander Hamilton on a constitu-
tional question, though Mr. Hamilton never
was a member of the Senate of the United
States. He would not hesitate to refer to Story
on the Constitution, or to Kent's Commenta-
ries, or to Rawle on the Constitution, although
neither of those authors was ever a member of
the Senate of the United States. I take it he
would not hesitate to refer to the opinion of any
of'the courts of the States or of the courts of
the United States because their members were
not members and never had been members of
the Senate of the United States. I do not
understand this limitation which the Senator
would impose upon the Senate in considering
the opinions of lawyers upon legal questions.
It matters not to me whether a lawyer is a mem-
ber of the Senate or not; it is sufficient that
he is a lawyer, that he is a man who studied
the law. that he is a man of ability, of character,
of responsibility; and I do care whether he is
a member of the Senate or not, his opinion is
one that at least puts me on inquiry if it do not
command my respect.
But the Senator from Massachusetts sees in
the suggestion that I made an apparition which
seems always to excite in his mind something
of alarm—the apparition of State rights. 1 do
not know why it is, but the Senator from old
Massachusetts has been engaged so earnestly,
and so effectually, too, in putting down some
of the erroneous doctrines of State rights that
he seems to have come into a habit of mind
which makes it impossible for him to believe
that a State has any rights at all. I submit to
his better judgment that even upon any theory
of the Constitution the States have some rights,
and that they can be alluded to in the Senate
without entitling him who alludes to them to
any charge of reviving the ghost of secession,
much less the reality of civil war.
But the Senator says that this is a perfectly
plain thing under the power to regulate com-
merce; that we have absolute control over this
matter. Well, sir, I expressed no opinion upon
that. Ihe feen&tor said that X did not express
my own opinion. I said to the Senate that I
was not prepared to express an opinion upon
it. Ihe general scope of this bill seems to me
to merit the approbation of the Senate; but here
is a question that I want to study, that I want
to understand, and it is precisely because I am
not in the habit of giving opinion upon subjects
which I have not investigated that I expressed
no opinion on this subject. It is precisely be-
cause I want to investigate it, precisely because
I want to have the opportunity to form an opin-
ion on it, that I do not wish this bill hurried
through now, but I wish to have this question
investigated; that is all there is of it.
As to the power to regulate commerce I am
not going into that question. It has been said
that under that Congress might claim any-
thing; and we know that almost everything
has been claimed under it at one time or
another. Certainly it is not to be assumed
at once and without discussion that that is a
power which overrides all the rights of the
States in this matter. I have seen it stated—
I do not know how true it is ; the Senator from
Massachusetts can correct the report if it is
an erroneous one—that the State of Massachu-
setts authorized the landing of the French
cable on her shore. If she did she must have
thought that there was something like State
rights; that there was something that required
her assent. She must have thought that she
was not simply a county in the United States
under the absolute dominion of Congress. I
say I have seen it stated that she gave that
assent. Whether that would have been suffi-
cient without the assent of Congress, or whether
even granting that it would be sufficieitf the
Government of the United States would not
have some power of regulation or of control
over that cable, are questions of great import,
but upon which I have not formed a decided
opinion. The inclination of my mind, I will
say, is that a power of regulation and control
ought to be and is vested in the Government
of the United States. That is myfirst impres-
sion ; but it is an impression that I wish time
to either verify the correctness of or to find
out the error of, if there is error in it.
But I protest, sir, that there is no disrespect
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, there
is no disrespect to the Senate, in asking that
this question may be considered. It is a great
question. The Senator from Massachusetts
knows as well as any member of this body to
what a debate the proposition for mail steamers
gave rise in Congress, what an investigation of
the powers of this Government took place when
that proposition was first mooted. This is going
a step beyond that, but perhaps in principle
not really a step beyond. It is a new thing,
however; different from that in its practical
operation, however much it may be the same
in principle. I for one am not willing to take
new steps without investigation ; and while the
first impression of my mind is that the Govern-
ment of the United States has the power of
regulation over this subject, not so much under
the power to regulate commerce as under the
war power,which may makeit essentially neces-
sary that the Government of the United States
shall have some control over these cables, shall
have some power of regulation over them, at
the same time I should like to have my thoughts
matured on that subject before this bill is
pressed to a passage.
It is said, sir. that this bill has already passed
the Senate. I am sure it never passed this
Senate. It may have passed the Senate in the
Fortieth Congress. This body is not composed
now as it was in the Fortieth Congress ; and
although that may recommend and ought to
recommend the bill to the consideration of
the Senate as now constituted, it certainly is
not conclusive on the question. We are not to
pass the bill simply because our predecessors
passed it.
I have only to say that if there is anythingun-
usual, if there was anything contrary to the cus-
tom of the Senate in moving to refer a bill that
has come from one committee to another com-
mittee, then I with great deference to that usage
would withdraw my motion, simply declaring
