18fO.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3401
to Ha laws, he wowld be tried before the tribu-
nals of the Army, as he would be1 for the viola-
tion of any other of the Army rales and regu-
lations. The statutes of the United States
respecting officers of the Army are, if I am not
mistaken, a part of those rales and regulations,
and an officer who violates such a statute is liable
to trial and punishment according to military
law. The question is not as to the right of the
people in a State to elect him to a civil offioe,
but as to his doty under the laws of the United
States, and whether or not he will violate that
deity by holding the State office.
As to the policy affirmed and imposed by the
Ifcw there are, as it eeema to me, the bes treasons
in the world for our maintaining it in full vigor,
as it has come down to (is consearated by the-
experience of so many years,
i do not repefct the fundamental objections
to the anion of the civil" and the military au-
thority in the same hands. They have been
already stated, and are admitted on all sides.
Let me give one or two illustrations of the.
practical workingsof the mischief again at which
the policy of our Government is aimed.
Let half a dozen retired officers in any one
State be elected to the Legislature at a time'
when a Senator of the United States is to be
chosen. Let the President be-arrayed determ-
inedly for one candidate And against another.:
Let the live or si* Army officers be doiibtful
or friendly to the obnoxious candidate for the
Senate, who, with tlieir votes, must s*cce«d.
What then is to prevent the President from
ohlering them all off upon distant service oat
of the State? '
In the fiext place* sir, this country, like most
other 6outi tries which have ft-military estab-
lishment,'w«ver yields np her right to'the ser-
vices of her military children. She maintains
them while they ate fit for active service, and
when they are retired from active service she
maintainstberti, honorably in both cases. But
if -a great emergency should arise demanding
♦be services even of her retired officers* as
hf the late war, to take command, for instance,
of fortifications, for tfhich their experience
would so welt fit them and their years woald
hot disable them, what would be the embar-
rassment of your Secretary Of War should lie
find all the best of his retired officers holding
lucrative 8tate offices t If 'he calls them to
service he compels them eitteer' to give np their
State offices or to violate their duty ae military
men to the United States. Is that a dilemma
to which honorable taen should be exposed ?
If, yielding to the te&igtatiofcs of an office in the
State better than that which they abandon 'iti
the Army, they refuse-to obey his ordets, the
country loses their services to which she is enti-
tled, and 9ne of. the objects of keepirtg tig-a
rcilitarf establishment nnd of the system «f
retiring officfere upon an honorable competence
is defeated. :
r It is unnecessary Fdr «ae <0 Say to *by one
Who knows me thst'I assent fully to What has
been said here in praise 6f the officers of 6wi-
Army. In all respects,- tried by atty testy they
are a remarkably meritorious body of: rttfen;
an' honor to the service and to the country.
These considerations, however, have nothing
to do with the present question, which is One
of grave general'pnblic policy; a question
of enormous and undefined mischiefs to flow
'from the inauguration of a-bad policy. How
ca"nit be called a slight u|K>ft any officer to
insist upon the established policy which, So
long as he holds the commission and takes the
pay of an officer Subject to duty, treats him as
disqualified for holding any civil office? It is
ho slight, sir, as has been said; it is no tfdioos
discrimination against him. It is siftiply the
assertion of a great public principle which
governs him and all Others'in thesatne class
With him, without distinction 6fpers«MW f Which
'ft unjust to no man, because it is designed and
enforced for the good and the honor and the
security of all the people. It seetns to me,
with deferetiee to those who eiJtertairi the con-
trary opinion, that the argument of the Senator
from Illinois, sustained as it was so amply by
his readings from the statutes, leaves nothing
more to be added on this subject.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the argu-
ment of my friend who h&s just taken his sfeat'
assumes that should the amendment of my
colleague be adopted and become a law officers
on the retired list who may be elected to civil
office will be still subject, in all respects to the
orders of the Presidentand to the Articles of
War, just as they are how. If that assump-
tion be correct, then his argument is perfectly
unanswerable* and I should not for a moment
attempt the absurdity of saying that the amend-
ment of my colleague should prevail if that
would be the status of the question. The case,
put by my honorable friend, in my opinion, may
be considered an extreme case, that of retired
officers being elected to the Legislature of a
State, and ordered away by the President in
order to prevent them from voting lor a par-
ticular individual as a ihember of this body.
That, I say, is an extreme case, and one not
likely to occur 5 but there is another thing
which might occur. An officer in the Army is
prohibited from speaking disrespectfully of
the President or of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. He is bound to speak respectfully
of " the powers that be;" aud he would not
be a very free member of a State Legislature
if he was bound to speaik at all times respect-
fully of the President of of the Congress of
the U nited States. I think he would be a very
poor man to be a member of a State Legis-
lature, Therefore, if the effect: of my. col-
league's amendment,, if adopted^ would not be.
to remove these restrictions upon the man
thus elected to a civil office, and to make him
a freeman in the discharge of his civil duties,
the amendment ought to be voted down at
onoe ; it ought to receive no votes at all. But
now, sir, I ask that the amendment may be
reported so that we may see ^hat its-effect is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:.
Ali provisions of law prohibiting & retired officer
from holding any civil office within the lijaits of the
United States are hereby repealed;
Mr. THURJlAN. Now, I put it fco, every
lawyer in this Senate if that does oot repeat
everything in^the situation of the retired officer
which would be inconsistent with his discharg-
ing freely, independently, and fairly the duties
of a civil office. Is he . fit to discharge the
duties of, a civil office if .he is subject to the
Articles of War; if he Is subject to be seat
abroad at any instant byan ofder of the Pres-
ident ; if. herqannot speak disrespectfully, of the
President or of Congress? Are not those pro-
visions^? the laws, which forbid him.from hold-
ing a civil office repealed'by rendering the two
wholly inconsistent? A- greater repugnancy
cannot be conceived. . :If there, were nothing
in the world but these provisions; if there were
no provision in the statute that fie should not
hold « civil office, or tkat he should forfeit bis
military office if he accepted a civil office; i£
there were,nothing of that.kind, at,all, tbebare
fact that he is subject,to the Articles of War,
that he is hpt permitted to speak-disrespectfully
of "the powers that be/'would of itself be
repugnant and inconsistent with the idea of
bis holding a civil office; and the two cannot
exist together. But when yoa declare - and
enact that all provisions of laW which sta'rfd in
tie way of his holding a civil offioe are hereby
repealed you exempt that ftjao, thus elected
to a civil officer fi?88 -th« Articles of Waryon
exempt bimfrora that prohibition'which forbids
him to speak of "the powers -that be" disre-
spectfallyj-and yoa exempt biaa frota the orders
Of the President to leave at-any moment that
thePresident may see fit to order him away.
You exempt;hira from these restrictions; they
'are inevitably repealed by implication, for two
more repugnant things could not be conceived.
Believing this, and believing also that not one
of these retired officers who will be elected to
office, should the amendment of my colleague
be adopted, will ever be ordered into the active
military service of the Government, because
they are either men who have served thirty
years, and are therefore not at all likely to be
ordered into active service, or because they
are men who under the eleventh section are
actually found to be disqualified for service in
the military; that being the case practically,
I can see no difficulty whatsoever in the ques-
tion. They will be removed from the opera-
tion of the Articles of War; they will not be
subject to be sent at the bid of the President
here, there, or anywhere else. They will be
free and independent men. In a word, they
will be simply the pensioners of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I did
assume that this amendment went no further
than to remove the disability of a retired officer
to hold a civil office. I did assume that it did
not alter the law as it exists by statute in this
country, and, in my judgment, would have
existed without a statute iu this country, that
a retired officer upon the half pay of his Gov-
ernment, whose name is on the Army list, who
is under the Army jurisdiction, is subject to be
called into service whenever a great emergency
of the country requires it. I may be wrong in
supposing that this bill, if it should become a
law, with the ameudment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] will leave that law as
it before stood; and the circumstance that
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] differs
from me is well calculated to make me hesi-
tate. But, sir, I think the authorities which I
had occasion in another case a short time ago
to .examine are such as to fortify me in the
confidence that my position is correct.,
The holdingof a civil office is not necessarily
incompatible tfith the obligation of an officer
to render service to his country whenever he
shall be called upon. He may be authorized
to bold a civil office, and therefore he may law-
fully hold it. In time of peace a state of things
will .hardly ever arise in which his right to hold
that office, thus lawfully acquired by him,
shall come, ia conflict with :his higher duty to
tender his service to his Government. The
English books which I had oecation to exam-
ine lately are full of cases that-I thinfk illustrate
mypositioa. Those English books universally
maintain the doctrine that while an officer
on half pay may often acquire a new reai?
dence—in that respect differing totally from an
officer in active service—yet an officer on half
pay is liable just as roach to be summoned into
service and sent hither and thither at the cora-
mandand at tbie discretion of his military supe-
rior as the officer in active service is who can
acquire no new residence because of his being
so subject.
la the case of the half-pay .office!- under the
British laws, the incompatibility, the Srep'ug-
ndncy is Knot a necessary (ol£, It isno.t <|ne
constantly existing. It comes in play fcnly in
an exceptional state df facts; ,'btot whenever it
does come in play the law which gave him a
right-tot acquire a new domicile yields to the
higher, duty to tender his service whenever he
is summoned:
But, sir, though I should be -wrong in ray
construction of the effect upon the bill of this
amendment, I think I cannot be wrong: in this
position: that if Sttch is to be.the effect of
the amendment, then elearly the. amendment
ought not to be adopted ; and it furnishesa
Stronger reason than any I have thought of
against :the amendment! Every Senator of
course will be guided by his own judgment of
the great public policy involved, recognized
and maintained by those who founded the Gov-
ernment- and whofyftve sustained it since. But
in my judgment it would be a-capital mistake
now to enact what never has .been thought a fit
or proper thing in the interest either of the
Army i or of the .country at Urge heretofore.
