1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2457
friend lias not a picture of that custom-house
here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, I have.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know that T can
withstand it if it is a handsome picture and a
handsome building. [Laughter.] At all events,
I move to strike out "$15,000" and insert
"$7,500."
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Senator
is afraid that any of this appropriation is to be
devoted to pictures, his own or the pictures
of other persons, there is no picture I would
rather see than the picture of my friend, if
there is to be one; but if he has any fear of
that, I suggest to him to so amend the clause
as to exclude the possibility of any of the
money being devoted lo pictures or the line
arts generally.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from New
York is the only man here who is not conscious :
of the fact that the State of New York has a j
Senator so handsome that she will not have i
the picture of any other in that whole State. |
[Laughter.] i
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator thinks
there is the least danger of having any picture !
whatever, I suggest to hira to guard against j
that, but not to make a raid on Uie furniture, j
That is the point. J
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is j
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio. (
The amendment was rejected—ayes nine, |
noes not counted. j
Mr. CASSERLY. An amendment has al- j
ready been made, inserting on page 0 iu 1 he
appropriations for public buildings, after the |
words "custom-house" and ''court-house" I
respectively, the word " building." 1 now move \
to conform that part of the bill to the amend- j
ment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. itoii- I
rill] by inserting instead of "building" the j
words "and the offices therein," to make the j
whole of the bill iu that part of it the same m j
that respect. I think there is no objection to i
it on the part of the chairman of the commit- !
tee, beginning at line one hundred and twenty j
and going down to line one hundred and twenty- i
nine. __ I
llr. MORRILL, of Maine. None whatever, j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of tl;e Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the bill by inserting at the bottom of page lo :
For the amount due II. Hauilin, late collector of
the port of Boston and Cliavlertowu, .and superin-
tendent of lights at Boston, $2,233 GO, the same to be
carried to bis credit on tho books of the Treasury
Department on account ot "surplus official emolu-
ments, " and on account of " collecting the revenue
from customs."
I will barely say that this amendment ap-
pears to make an appropriation, but as a matter
of fact it is a method of balancing the books
of the Department. There seems to be the
amount specified here charged against the late
collector on one book, and an equal amount
to his credit on another. This provision is
necessary to enable the accounting officers
to adjust that account.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Lmove further
to amend on page 2, after line thirty-three by
inserting, " for additional pay of three watch-
men and two laborers in the Navy Depart-
ment, $830." This is to correct an error in
the appropriation of last year. These laborers
and watchmen were entitled by the act of last
year to $720 salary each, but Congress appro-
priated for them only $000, and this is to pro-
vide for the deficiency.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I will offer my amendment
again, to insert after line three hundred and
ninety-nine:
And it is hereby provided that tho district attor-
nies of tho United States shall be allowed suott com-
pensation as may bo deemed reasonable by tho At-
torney General l'or extra official services rendered
in making reports in pardon caso3, stud compensa-
tion to bo paid out of any money not otherwise
appropriated.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments wore ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
feancis e. shober.
Mr. POOL. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to allow a bill to be taken up and passed
which has come from the House of Represent-
atives to-day, to relieve from disabilities a mem-
ber-elect of that House whom they wishto have
admitted to his seat—Mr. Shober, of North
Caiolina. It will take but a moment to pass
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator
from North Carolina asks unanimous consent
to consider at the present time a bill relieving
a member-elect of the other House from legal
and political disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it relieve anybody
else ?
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It docs not. It
contains but a single name.
Mr. POMEROY. If it contains only one
name, I shall not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The bill will be
read at length for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
A bill (li. U. No. 11:T>) to relieve from political and
Icsiil disabilities Praneis J j. Shober, of North Caro-
lina.
lit- It ctuiatcd. A:':., That all terrni and political dis-
abilities imposed by tile United States upon 1'Vancis
E. Shober. of iS'orth Carolina, m consequence of his
havipti held ollice under a pretended government or
authority 111 lies! ility to the United States, be. and tho
same aio hereby, iemoved; and said Shober, upon
cm onus upon the discharge of the duties of any office
to which ho 1ms boon or may hereafter be elected
or appointed, instead of the oatti prescribed by tho
act ol Julv '2,18u2, shall take and subscribe the fol-
lowiu^o.ith : 1, In-a,ncis E. Shober. do solemnly swear
Ou- atlirm) t,ha,t, I will support theOonsLitution ot the
Huncd States against ali enemies, foreign and domes-
tic; that 1 wilt bear true laith and allegiance lo the
same ; that I take this obligation freely, without any
mental reservation or pnrpo.-o of eva.sion; and that
1 will iaithtally discharge the duties of the ollice
upon ivliich i am to enter. So help mo Clod.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 5s that a House, bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itis; in regard
to a member-elect of the other House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
it; but we have already provided an oath for
persona whose disabilities are removed.
Mr. POOL. But this gentleman's disabili-
ties have not be removed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When you remove his
political disabilities then the taw provides tho
oath he shall take. However, it is hardly
worth while to amend the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This may not be the
same oath, and it ought to bo uniform.
Mr. POOL. I will state that this gentleman
is not under political disability at all under the
Howard or fourteenth amendment; but ho is
not able to take the test-oath, and this bill
from the House proposes to prescribe a special
oath for him.
Mr. TR UMBULL. Any person from whom
Congress has removed disabilities by the pas-
sage of an act, or in regard to whom Congress
has passed an act removing political disabil-
ities, is then authorized to hold office by taking
an oath which we have prescribed iu the statute,
which does not require him lo swear that he
has never held an office.
Mr. POOL. I understand that perfectly:
but the fact is that this gentleman never was
under any political disability at all under the
constitutional amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I think the bill is
a very inartificial one. We ought simply to
provide, instead of removing^ disabilities from
a man who lias no disabilities resting upon
him 
Mr. POOL. I said under tho fourteenth
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If no disability rests
upon him umjer the fourteenth amendment, I
submit to my friend from North Carolina
whether it ought to go upon the statutes of this
country, for the credit of his children and those
who come after him, that he ever participated
in this rebellion so as to require his disabilities
to be removed. I do not think any man who
was not subjected 
Mr. POMEROY. He is under the fourteenth
amendment. He held an office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I understand the Sen-
ator from North Carolina to say that he never
did hold any office that disqualified him under
the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. POOL. But he is not able to take the
test-oath, and this bill prescribes a special oath
for him to take in order that he may be admit-
ted into the other House.
Mr. POMEROY. Then why does he need
his political disabilities removed? Why do we
need to pass this bill?
Mr. THURMAN. It is this way: your test-
oath goes far beyond the fourteenth amend-
ment. That is the trouble. A man may have
his disabilities removed under the fourteenth
amendment, and that does not touch the ques-
tion that is provided for by the t#st-oath.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, yes, it does. If
his disabilities are removed under the four-
teenth amendment then we have provided that
he need not take the test-oath.
Mr. THURMAN. But that he shall take
another oath. That is all very true. But now
you take a man who did not hold office, and
therefore who does not come within the four-
teenth amendment at all, and you apply the
test-oath to him. When that matter comes up
I shall wish to be heard upon the question
whether the test-oath law is in force any longer.
I have considered that question carefully, and
I was never better satisfied in my life of any
legal proposition than that the law imposing
the test-oath, admitting for the purposes of the
argument that it was constitutional when it was
passed, is now repealed by the adoption of the
fourteenth amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before this bill passes
I desire to say one word, and I shall detain
the Senate but a moment. Our legislation on
this subject is very inconsistent and very,im-
proper, in my judgment, as it stands. A man
who is obnoxious to the fourteenth amend-
ment, as the law stands, is in a better situa-
tion than a man who is not, because the man
who is obnoxious to the fourteenth amend-
ment, by having his disabilities removed is not
required to take the test-oath; while a man
who is not obnoxious to the fourteenth amend-
ment, but who gave no aid or comfort to the
rebellion, is required still to take the test-oath.
I hope we may at an early day pass the bill
reported by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Robertson] that shall relieve
everybody from taking that test-oath. Our
present legislation is very inconsistent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not mean to delay
the passage of this bill, but I wish to correct
a misapprehension. The act of Congress of
July" 11, 1808, was designed, and it does in its
terms, cover this very case as to the fact of
this gentleman being relieved from whatever
disabilities not only the fourteenth amendment
imposed upon him, but irom all disabilities
growing out of the rebellion. Now, then, on
account of having been iu the rebellion, though
not an office-holder, the test-oath of 1SC2 im-
t poses a disability upon him which precludes
j him from holding office. That is the effect of
the act of 18G2. It excludes from the right ot
political office-holding certain persons wno
have been in the rebellion, notwithstanding
the fourteenth amendment. Now comes 111
the act of 18GS, which says that " any person
who has participated in the late rebellion
not who is obnoxious to the fourteenth amend-
ment—"and from whom all legal disabilities
arising therefrom have been removed by act
of Congress," need not take the test-oath, but,
may take this one.
