187a
10B (er$$SSIONAL GLOBE.
1513
No, Mr. President, no! Mr. Justice.Story in
his Commentaries speaks of a common citizen-
ship of the whole United States. It is only a
class of people that could enjoy and accept that
citizenship, to whom it could be extended with-
out a violation of the proprieties of social life
and of the domestic circle. It was only such
people as that who were intended by the
i'rauiers of the Constitution to be comprehended
in the term "citizens." There were such a
people. Every white native, every white for-
eigner that had been naturalized, was a free
white citizen. They were all upon the same
plane. They occupied the same broad platform
of American citizenship. They were citizens
of the United States. When a State had a por-
tion of this population belonging to her going
forth to sojourn and travel upon missions of
pleasure she had a right to insist that they
should be received in every State with all the
privileges and immunities of citizens. She had
uo right to insist that any other portion should;
and 1 maintain that this was the only population
that was intended to be comprehended in the
term "citizens" as it is used in the Constitu-
tion, and who would have a constitutional
right to the immunities and privileges there
guarantied. The idea that the degraded free
negro population of the North or anywhere
else were intended to be included in it is pre-
posterous to the last degree.
Mr. President, what was the evil that was
intended to be remedied by this provision of
the Constitution ? All the States had different
systems of naturalization. Many of the States
gave legislative privileges to their own people,
from which they excluded the people of neigh-,
boring States. The systems of naturalization
were not uniform. They were discordant, they
were conflicting; miany of them were vexatious.
Many of the regulations of the States were in-
tended greatly to benefit their own people and
unjustly to act upon the people of neighboring
States. Why, sir, who were the people that
passed from one State to another before the
adoption of the Constitution in 1789, who were
thus annoyed and wronged and outraged, if you
please? They were not free negroes; they were
white people. They were the true people; the
free people ; the free citizens of the States that
made the complaint. I doubt whether there
is a single case well authenticated of a free
negro, before the Constitution of 1787 was
formed, ever having gone from a free State
into a slave State and claimed the rights of
citizenship. If he did he did not receive them;
he has not received them since. What is the
meaning of these particular words depends on
the sense in which those who adopted the
instrument and lived at the time understood,
and it depends also on the administration of
that term. How was the term understood at
the era of the Constitution ? How has it been
since administered ? How has it been admin-
istered for a long time and up to a very recent
period ? It was administered not to include,
but to exclude free negroes.
Mr. President, I have not had time to go
patiently and fully into the investigation of
this subject. I intend to do so. If any truth
of history can be demonstrated connected
with the formation of the Constitution and
fundamental law and long-continued legisla-
tion, I am perfectly assured it can be estab-
lished beyond all doubt in any rational mind
free from prejudice, that the term " citizen"
as nsed in this clause of the Constitution only
applies to white men, women, and children,
who were natives of the States, or who were
foreigners naturalized according to the laws
of Congress.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I congratulate
the conntry and felicitate myself that this is the
last opportunity which the honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] will have to por-
tray the bloody record which he seems to revel
in of former times and days of semi-barbarity.
The history to which he alludes is painful in
all its phases to read; and my only regret is
th%t the honorable Senator so often revives it
as to place it before the readers of modern
times and make them acquainted with the cru-
elties and enormities which our fathers prac-
ticed under certain circumstances. I would be
glad to let that history sleep in oblivion, and
i not have coming generations know the cruel-
ties which preceded. I have no heart to review
that history. It is known now by all men and
everywhere that it was a history of outrage and
wrong. No, Mr. President, I rather choose to
look upon the brighter and more attractive
page of modern progress, and read there an
i end to all such enormities and see in the pres-
ent and future the glory of the equality of all
men.
Sir, I never expected to hear read in the
Senate of the United States, or iu any court
of justice where authority was looked for, the
Dred Scott decision. Its author and the decis-
ion itself have sunk so deep into oblivion that
the bubbles will never rise over them. What,
sir, the Dred Scott decision authority in the
United States! Sir, it has been repealed by
the mightiest uprising which the world has
ever witnessed. I remember when that Dred
Scott decision was announced. I remember
the day I heard it and the place where; I re-
member, too, the circumstances under which
it was announced. The simple question in that
I case was whether Dred Scott was a citizen.
Mr. Justice Nelson, from New York, put his
judgment upon that ground, and so did Mr.
Justice Daniel. That was the simple, plain
question. Chief Justice Tansy could have
said, in two lines, that, under and in virtue of
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
Scott is not a citizen. There the duty of the
court ended and there the court should have
stopped.
I But no, sir ; their business was of another
kind. They were throwing a breastwork around
a corrupt and tottering party; it was a legal
II breastwork thrown around Buchanan and his
i administration, punctured for cannon, and
i i for small-arms, too. Sir, the very night that
; i that decision was announced I had the honor
1 to address a meeting in the old Tabernacle at
i | New York, and in that address I declared that
; I appealed from that decision to a tribunal
; who made judges and presidents. I was up-
braided for it on the stand, and was told that
whatever the Supreme Court said was the law,
and every good citizen was estopped from deny-
ing it. But, sir, I recorded my appeal. It has
been taken up in every quarter of this nation,
and everywhere in the enlightened world has
received the condemnation of the good.
Sir, it is too late for the honorable Senator,
with all his purity of character, to rescue that
decision from the oblivion to which it is con-
demned. I admire the boldness and gallantry
of the honorable Senator in attempting it; but
against his efforts I give him the names of
countless millions that condemn it. The mem-
bers of that bench have passed away, all save
one, I think, and with that court I am willing the
decision should go. I desire never again to
hear it quoted as an authority; but I think my
honorable friend, if he regards it as such,gives
a broader construction to tho decision than
Judge Taney himself. He Says that persons
born of African descent whose parents were
Slaves cannot be citizens. '
Mr. DAVIS. "Whose ancestors were
slaves."
Mr. NYE. It is about the same thing. He
said that persons of African descent whose
ancestors were slaves could not be citizens
according to the meaning and intent of those
who made the Constitution; that they were
persons, not citizens. Now, by what authority
does the honorable Senator from Kentucky
assume that this m^n's ancestors were slaves?
But, sir, I look for no authority there. The
whole decision was an outrage upon the Con-
stitution, a defiant outrage upon the rights of
the people.
But, Mr. President, I have a warm sympa-
thy for the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
This is_ his last battle-field. It is tho last op-
portunity he will have to make this fight. I
admire his gallantry. Ho has been fighting it
boldly, and he feels as Leo felt and as Davis
felt when Grant swung liis army around Rich-
mond.
" Charge, Chester, charge! on, Stanley, on!"
But the bridge is up. I therefore sympathize
warmly with iny friend. It is the last fight of
this sort that he will ever be called on to make.
Sir, in the providence of God and in tho wis-
dom of this people that bone of contention is
now removed; and if Chief Justice Taney
were alive and sitting in judgment to-day,
under the amendments now adopted and u
part of the Constitution, ho would let his hand
wither before he would write what he did in
the Dred Scott case, because in that opinion
he said, substantially, "There is a chei-.p way
to remedy this; amend your Constitution and
make these people citizens.'' That is what wo
have done, and everybody seems to be rejoiced
at it but my honorable friend from Kentucky.
But there arises his mountain of prejudice
that we always see when there is a negro spoken
of or mentioned in this body. I regard it as an
infirmity, and therefore I am disposed to treat
it kindly.
But, Mr. President, the Senate should not
forget that our action now concludes this great
system of reform, and we are acting under very
peculiar circumstances. The circumstances
that surround us are worthy of our attention.
In 1861 from this Hall departed two Senators
who were representing here the State of Missis-
sippi ; one of them who went defiantly was Jef-
ferson Davis. He went out to establish agovern-
ment whose corner-stone should be oppression
and the perpetual enslavement of a race because
their skin differed in color from his. Sir, what
a magnificent spectacle of retributive justice
is witnessed here to-day! In the place of that
proud, defiant man, who marched out to train-
pie under foot the Constitution and the laws
of the country he had sworn to support, comes
back one of that humble race whom he would
have enslaved forever to take and occupy his
seat upon this floor. Sir, instead of elevating
himself and abasing others, hehas abased him-
self and elevated another to his position. And
yet, true to his instincts, the honorable Senator
from Kentucky fights on the last inch left to
keep him out, and arrays the enormity of the
old laws of Massachusetts and Connecticut to
show that they, too, were guilty of wrong. Sir,
I have no fellowship with Massachusetts on that
score. The code of slavery is a code of enorm-
ity, whether in Kentucky or Massachusetts or
Connecticut. Its code is the same everywhere.
Its basis is written in the blood of the unoffend
ing for a century and mOre.
Sir, the party in power have eradicated1 and
effaced that history, and have written in taorc.
attractive lines the history of tie present and
the future of thi  race.J What hoots it to us
that Massachusetts a century ago did wrong?
What is it to. us that'Kentucky would da wrong
if shehad an opportunity no\v, or Mississippi ?
Sir, that reign of wrong is over, and the reign
of right and righteousness has taken its place.
This party in power have been the means of
accomplishing this grand result. The honor-
able Senator says he looks to the time when a
party shall come into power that will shaka
these laws as the lion snakes the dew from hia
skin. The honorable Senator has forgotten
that the people have .shaken the Dred Scott
decision off as the lion shakes the dew from
his hair. No, Sir; we have had tint predic-
tion here for ten-years almost, that at the next
election we should be swept with the besom
of destruction for these acts of righteousness
we had done.
I want here to say one word which I would
not say if I did not feel it my duty, and in the
day of judgment my honorable friend shall not
say I did not treat him fairly. Never while he
lives and n«ver while I live shall ther# come any
