1869;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
again that suck a thing as. disrespect for the
Committee on Foreign Relations was the far-
thest thing possible from my thoughts. • That
committee contains lawyers as eminent as any
upon the Committee on the Judiciary or upon
any other committee in the body, and to whose
legal opinions I should pay as much deference
as I would to those of the members of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary or of any other com-
mittee ; but I still must be permitted to say
that when a committee is charged with a par-
ticular subject, as the Committee on the Judi-
ciary is of legal questions, a reference of a bill
from another committee to the Committee on
the Judiciary to investigate those legal ques-
tions is not disrespectful to the committee that
reported the bill nor is it contrary to legisla-
tive usage.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill bo postponed with a view
of taking up the Georgia bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio having made hia remarks the Chair
will understand that the Georgia bill is before
the Senate.
MESSAGE 1'IiOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. II. No.
424) to provide for taking the ninth census of
the United States, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
state op georoia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
281) to perfect the reconstruction of Georgia
is before the Senate as in Committee of tho
Whole, the pending question being on tho
amendment of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Moiitox.] The Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbubt] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, when
I rose to address the Senate yesterday just
before the adjournment my object, was not to
enter into any general discussion of the merits
of this bill, but simply to submit some remarks
in reply to some observations which had fallen
from gentlemen on the other side of the Cham-
CMr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Delaware allow me to make a motion before
bo commences his remarks?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware yield for that purpose ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will hear what the
motion is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by tho
Committee on the Judiciary, I will state to the
.Senate, unanimously to ask the Senate to go
into executive session for a few moments this
morning upona matter which they believe that
it is important should be laid before the Senate;
and I suppose wo shall not be detained long in
executive session, if the Senator will allow me
to make that motion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will only occupy the
attention of the Senate for a few moments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware declines to yield and proposes
to occupy the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I assure the Senator
from Illinois and the Senate generally that it
is not my intention to consume much of their
time on the present occasion, for on former
occasions and during previous sessions of the
Senate, and whenever the subject of the recon-
struction of the States of this Union by the
Federal Congress has been before the body, I
have discussed that question and at consider-
able length and with whatever ability I pos-
sessed. The bill now before the Senate^ is
entitled u A bill to perfect the reconstruction
of the State of Georgia." The particular matter
under consideration when we adjourned yester-
day was an amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Indiana declaring that the Legislature
of Georgia shall be provisional until the ratifi-
cation of the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments proposed by Congress to the Constitu-
tion.
Sir, I think the word "provisional" is aptly
applied on this occasion and in this respect-
something made for the occasion, something
devised for a present need and a present neces-
sity. What may be the character of that pres-
ent need or that present necessity, whether it
be necessity in relation' to the good govern-
ment of the people of Georgia or whether it be
a necessity arising out of the party exigencies
of the time, may be a question worthy of con-
sideration. Bat, sir, there is a conflict between
the title of this bill and its provisions. The
title treats Georgia as a State in the Union, for
it speaks of the more perfect reconstruction of
the State of Georgia. What is Georgia? How
do we know anything of Georgia? We know
of it historically. We know that on the 4th
of July, 1776, in the Declaration of Independ-
ence promulgated by the delegates of the then
existing Colonies on this continent, Georgia
was declared to bo a free, sovereign, and inde-
pendent State ; we know of Georgia in 1777,
when the Articles of Confederation were formed,
as a free, sovereign, and independent State,
reserving to herself all powers of independence
and sovereignty by the second of those articles.
We know of Georgia in 1787, when the Con-
vention which framed the Constitution declared
that they had consummated their work and
sent it forth for the ratification of the thirteen
original States, of which Georgia was one. We
know of Georgia on the 2d day of January,
1789, the date of her ratification of that Con-
stitution. We have kuown of Georgia since as
a State of this Union represented on this floor
by her Senators in Congress and in tho other
House by her Representatives in Congress. We
knew of her as a State in ibis Unionuntil 1801;
and now I ask, and 1 ask of honorable mem-
bers advocating this bill and who speak of the
readmission of Georgia Into the Union, when
and by what means did Georgia ever lose her
position among the States of this Union? When
did she cease to bo a State? By what act did
she cease to boa State? You gentlemen have
treated Georgia and other States located in the
southern portion of this country as in the Union
when it suited your political purposes, and you
have treated them as out of the Union when it
subserved your party purposes. You speak in
the debates upon this very question of "the
State of Georgia," and yet you talk of the re-
admission of Georgia into the Union of States!
Now, I want some gentleman on the other
side of tho Chamber in the discussion of this
question to point me to the precise date when
Georgia ceased to be a member of the Union,
when she ceased to be aState in the Union; and
1 want him to point out to me the specificact on
the part of G eorgia that caused her to cease to be
a member of the Union and to become a foreign
and an alien body to the Union. No mem-
ber in the discussion of this question and no
member of this body has at any previous ses-
sion of Congressbecn good enough to enlighten
our darkened understandings or to illuminate
the public mind in reference to this great and
vital question in the discussion of the proposi-
tion now before the Senate. When, where,
how did Georgia cease to be a member of the
Federal Union ? Did she do it by passing an
ordinance assuming to nullify her ratification
of the Federal Constitution ? Is that your prop-
osition ? My answer to such a proposition, if
now made, is that when she passed that ordi-
nance the President of the United States, the
executive power of the country whom you
placed in power declared, the Congress of the
United States declared, and the judiciary of
the United States have declared that it had no
such operation or effect.
Did she cease to be a member of the Union
and a State of the Union when she took up
arms to make that ordinance good ? Every
department of the Government, executive,
legislative, and judicial, decided not only at
the time and during the time that she was en-
gaged in conflict with the forces of the Federal
Government, but since the cessation of hostil-
ities, that taking up arms against the Govern-
ment of the United States had not that effect.
You declared it in a thousand ways. You
passed laws apportioning taxes among the sev-
eral States during the progress of the war, and
you apportioned to Georgia her share of the
Federal taxes. If Georgia was not a State in
the Union, then you had no power in the appor-
tionment of taxes to assess any proportion of
those taxes upon her. You extended your judi-
cial power, your Federal courts, over Georgia
and over every one of these southern States;
you apportioned representation in Congress
among all these States; and your legislation
in reference to Georgia and the other of these
southern States was of the same character in
all respects, so far as the civil administration
of the Government was concerned, as it was in
reference to the other States of the Union.
Why, sir, you were the great Union party
of the country, as you said, and the preserva-
tion of the Federal Union was emblazoned
upon your banners; and every one who did not
subscribe to your party tenets was by you de-
nominated a disunionist. While the war con-
tinued, therefore, not only in speech, in declar-
ation, butbysolemn legislative enactment, you
declared that Georgia was a State of the Fed-
eral Union.
When did she cease to be a State of the
Union? When General Lee commanded the
southern forces and was contending upon the
field of battle with those of the Federal Gov-
ernment you declared that every one of these
States was in the Union, and that none of them
were out or could go out of the Uniou; and you
professed before the American people to fight
the battle as the great Union battle, and under
a solemn declaration made by both Houses of
Congress that the war was prosecuted for no
purposes of subjugation or conquest, but to pre-
serve the rights of the States, Georgia included,
unimpaired; and that when the war ceascd
those rights should continue. Now the pro-
visions of your bill treat Georgia as out of the
Union, and its advocates speak of readmitting
Georgia into the Union. Then, when did she
get out? Was it when General Lee with I'm1
southern army surrendered their forces and
peace once more was restored throughout the
whole country? War, you said, could not de-
stroy the Union. Neither did war do it. But
you, the boasted Union party of the country,
I had almost said sailing under false pretenses,
bearing a false flag as the great Union party,
when peace is fully restored and there is no
foeman in the field to meet, suddenly wake up
to the fact that eight, nine, or ten States are out
of the Union. If you now legislate upon the
hypothesis that her ordinance of secession took
her out of the Union, you must admit that such
ordinance was passed in the rightful exercise
of power by her, because acting in contraven-
tion of rightful authority could not have that
effect, and thus you not only abandon your
former position in this respect but acknowledge
that you wrongfully waged war upon a people
for exercising a recognized and indisputable
right.
Then, they were never carried out by force.
Force could not do it. What has done it?
Sir, this is what has done it in my humble
judgment: the necessity in the estimation of
gentlemen—of course I do not say in the Sen-
ate Chamber, but of some gentlemen in the
country—that the Republican party as a party
should be permanently seated in the places of
power; and that they may be so it becomes
necessary to take away from the people of these
States the power to control their own political
government, to legislate for themselves within
the limitations of the Constitution of the United
States; and it becomes necessary that legis-
lators selected from different portions of tae
country should mold and shape and form and
establish the governments in those States, not
that the Constitution of the country may be
