5290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
Mr. STEWART. I have the floor, I believe;
I will occupy but a moment. I say the even
sections are reserved,' and there are several
schemes to interfere with them. There is so
much land reserved to actual settlers; they
get half the land under the railroad system,
while under your scrip system they get none
of'it. Under the railroad system they get
half, and have the railroad too. Under the
scrip system they build their own railroads,
and pay five or six hundred per cent, advance
for their land. So I am opposed to the scrip
system.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want the yeas and nays
on this amendment. I think it is a very extra-
ordinary one.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope it will be with-
drawn.
Mr. McDONALD. I should like to ask the
Senator from Nevada which of the land sec-
tions he objects to. The first land section is
precisely in accordance with the existing law
in this land. These lands can only be taken
by actual settlers in accordance with the pres-
ent law, and this is only to give this company
the right to put actual settlers on these lands.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want the attention of the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.] The
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
which prepared this amendment, and author-
ized the Senator from Arkansas to submit it,
although it was not reported from the com-
mittee, directed that it should be amended in
thiswise: (the amendment has been read as
printed, bat it has not been read as it is pro-
posed to make it stand;) we propose to insert
after the word "which," in the seventh line,
the words "to be located by actual settlers."
"With these words in, it gives to this steamship
company the right to locate on these lands
actual settlers who are brought here in their
ships, and that is all there is in the amend-
ment. There is not another thing in it. They
have that right now by law; but if they have
in their charter an authority which they can
show to the emigrant, assuring him that he
can, under their direction, be entitled to enter
land that has been long in the market, it would
be an additional inducement for him to come
here; and they are to use it only for the actual
settler.
Mr. STEWART. That is the same thing
that was done in regard to the military land
warrants. At first they were to be located by
the soldier himself; then he might do it by an
agent; then he might assign it, and finally the
fraud was consummated. This is the first step.
There is not a single scrip transaction that has
not got three or four steps beginning exactly
like this. I am opposed to it in any form in
■which it can be started. I am opposed to the
first step. If you allow them to locate the
scrip by actual settlers, you will next allow the
company to do it by an agent, and then you
will allow it to be assigned, and the other steps
follow as certain as you. take this one. If you
want the proceeds of so many sections of land
as you shall find immigrants to go upon I shall
not object. Let them go there and preempt
the land. I am willing to say in this bill that
you shall have the proceeds of every acre of
land if you will bring an immigrant and put him
on it and let him acquire title under the pre-
emption laws. That is a plain proposition;
and if you will frame a bill that shall secure
the placing of immigrants on the land, I would
be willing to give anybody the proceeds of
the sale if he would bring an immigrant from
Europe and put him on one hundred and sixty
acres of land. But let the immigrant get the
land under the laws of the United States as
they now stand. Do not start this scrip busi-
ness ; because if you take the first step you will
the second, sure.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think this amend-
ment nowpending has been very well matured ;
and if it were properly understood, I doubt
whether it would receive a single vote in this
Chamber. Itprovides thatscripto theamount
of eighty acres shall be given for each ton bur-
den of the ship, and the ships shall not be less
than three thousand, tons measurement each.
Three thousand tons at eighty acres per ton
would be two hundred and forty thousand acres
for each ship.
But that is not all. This pending amendment
provides that the company shall receive this
scrip at graduation prices under a law now
obsolete, enacted in 1854, under which they
would be able to take lands at twelve and a
half cents an acre ; that is, eight acres for one.
Then multiply two hundred and forty thousand
by eight and you have one million nine hun-
dred and twenty thousand acres for each ship.
That is the quantity of land this amendment
now pending proposes to give to this steamship
company for each ship built".
Mr. HOWE. That is not all.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps not; but that is
enough, I think.
Mr. POMEROY. I trust this amendment
will be withdrawn. It never received the sanc-
tion of the committee, and cannot be adopted
on this bill. I am sure.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me there are objec-
tions to this measure which the Senator from
Iowa has not pointed out. .
Mr. HARLAN. Many of them; but I sup-
posed I had done enough. .
Mr. HOWE. In addition to this large quan-
tity of land which is to be given the company,
as I understand, for each ship built, there is
to be a section of land given to the company
for each apprentice educated, the apprentice
to be not less than sixteen years old. They
are to have a section of land for each appren-
tice, and, in addition to that, for every $100,000
of State bonds deposited with the Postmaster
General the company is to have one hundred
thousand acres of land.
Mr. McDONALD. The State is to have one
hundred thousand acres. None of these States
have had any of this land, and I presume they
will make no misuse of it. Each apprentice
under the same system now costs the Govern-
ment of the United States $1,400 per annum.
Mr. HOWE. The State, then, is to have one
hundred thousand acres of land for $100,000
of bonds.
Mr. McDONALD. To bo selected in the
State itself.
Mr. HOWE. But then the Government is
to issue its certificates to the company under
the other provisions of the bill.
Mr. McDONALD. No, sir. When the
State gives to this company $100,000 of its
bonds the Government of the United States
will give to the State one hundred thousand
acres of land.
Mr. HOWE. But what does the Government
give to the steamship company?
Mr. McDONALD. Nothing.
Mr. HOWE. Does it not give a certificate
by which it makes itself responsible for that
$100,000?
Mr. McDONALD. No, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Then I misread the fourth
section of the bill.
Mr. McDONALD. I can illustrate the effect.
The State of Arkansas gives $100,000 of bonds;
the company deposit the bonds with the Post-
master General, and the State, in consideration
of having given that $100,000 of money, gets
one hundred thousand acres of land selected
in the State.
Mr. HOWE. Then the Government sells
to the State one hundred thousand acres of
land for $100,000 of its bonds.
Mr. McDONALD. It gives to the State one
hundred thousand acres of land; that is to
induce the State to make this subscription.
Mr. HOWE. It sells to the State then, prac-
tically, land at a dollar an acre.
Mr. McDONALD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. One hundred thousand acres
for $100,000.
Mr. McDONALD. It gives it as a royalty.
Mr. HOWE. That is the transaction with
the State; the Government gives the State one
hundred thousand acres for $100,000, and then
to the company it gives its own certificate for
$100,000.
Mr. McDONALD. Itgives its certificate that
it has on deposit for the company $100,000 of
bonds.
Mr. HOWE. And becomes responsible for
the payment oftha't $100,000under the fourth
section. I wish the Senator to attend to this
view of it, because if I am mistaken about it I
wish to be corrected. It certainly seems tome
that by this amendment the Government gives
the company eighty acres for every ton of the
vessel's measurement, a section for every ap-
prentice educated, and gives to the State one
hundred thousand acres for $100,000 of bonds,
and just as much as the State has bonds to put
up, and then becomes responsible under the
fourth section to the company for every dollar
that the State puts up. That is the way it reads
to me. I presume the Senator from Arkansas
did not mean to have it read so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am somewhat amazed,
even with the explanation of the honorable
Senator from Maine, at the coolness of this
amendmentin this hot, suffocating atmosphere.
This proposes to grant two hundred and forty
thousand acres of land, to commence with,
for every three-thousand ton ship, and that is
to be located anywhere within certain limited
States.
It proposes to give six hundred and, forty
acres a year for every apprentice employed by
this company. A section of six hundred and
forty acres of land, if it is worth anything, is
worth $800 according to the congressional
price, and according to the price of scrip, at
Vie usual rate, it is worth five or six hundred
dollars a year. Itis proposed to give this com-
pany that for every apprentice of the age of
sixteen and upward that may be employed
within twenty years on board of these vessels,
and the only limitation on apprenticeship is
that the apprentices must be sons of American
citizens, and I suppose that is without distinc-
tion of race or color. I think I could hire
about a million boys for one half the amount
that is given by this bill for their annual com-
pensation.
Then, in addition to that, it proposes to give
for every State that can be induced to lend this
company its bonds an equal number of acres,
so that if the State of Alabama, moved by a
desire to promote immigration, should deposit,
under the fifth section of the bill, bonds, the
Postmaster General of the United States is to
give out of its bountiful, overflowing quantity
of land one hundred thousand acres for every
$100,000 of bonds thus deposited.
Mr. HOWE. And then give bonds to the
steamship company and become responsible
for them?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; all this goes to the
steamship company, and I think the vessels
could be manned with these apprentices with-
out paying anything for sailors. The whole
thing seems to be one of those wild, visionary
schemes, the like of which I have not seeti
since I read the history of John Law.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to suggest that
instead of being a matter of coolness, the Sen-
ator's statement should be amended by terming
it a matter of frigidity absolutely.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is another clause
added, not in the printed amendment:
Provided, That the lands granted under the pro-
visions of this act may be located by said company
within the southern States named in section four of
this act, warrants for which shall be delivered to smid
company by the Secretary of the Interior in quan-
tities sufficient, at graduated prices that were name:!
in the act of Congress of August 4,1854, by which
lands in said southern States were subject to entry
and sale, to equal the price established by the pre-
emption laws of the United States.
The graduated price was twelve and a half
cents, if I remember aright; and consequently
they get lands, according to the graduated price,
at twelve and a half cen!x an acre, and a suffi-
cient number of acres to make it $1 25 an
