202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
preserved, not that the rights of the people
may be respected, not that peace and good
order should everywhere prevail, but that the
Republican party shall continue in power, not
only for eight years longer, but for all time to
come.
Mr. President, Isaid that there was an incon-
sistency between the title of your bill and the
provisions of your bill. Your bill proposes that
the Governor of the State of Georgia shall re-
assemble certain persons declared to constitute
the Legislature of Georgia under the proclama-
tion of a certain General Meade, who was mil-
itary commander of the department of Georgia
a year or two ago. Is not that provision incon-
sistent with the idea that Georgia is a State of
the Union, and thus inconsistent with the theory
of the title of the bill? Is it not inconsistent
with the idea of Georgia being a State? Test
it. Would you assume the power of determin-
ing what individuals should constitute the Legis-
lature of the State of Indiana, or of Massachu-
setts, or of New York? Would you pretend
for one instant upon any question that could
arise in this body, or upon any state of circum-
stances that could exist, to determine whether
A or B was -a member of the Legislature of
either of those States? I apprehend that you
would not. You. would say that that was a
matter for the sole and exclusive determina-
tion of the Legislatures of those States respect-
ively, and a subject-matter of which you had
no cognizance, over which you had no jurisdic-
tion. The very idea of a State under our Fed-
eral system of government is a State in the
exclusive possession of all its executive, legis-
lative, and judicial authority; a State entitled
to government for itself and of itself, free from
any control or supervision by any foreign or
extraneous body. Any other idea is antago-
nistic to the idea of a State as a State is con-
sidered under our Federal Constitution.
Now, sir, you assume to appoint—I say it is
in effect to appoint—the members of the Le-
gislature of Georgia, because you say that the
Governor—and I should like to know how this
man became Governor, how he can sit in the
chief executive office of Georgia according to
your theoryif Georgiais outof the Unionand
needs your molding and reconstructing hand—
shall summon, not the Legislature of Georgia,
but a particular set of men, those who were
declared elected under the proclamation of
General Meade. You, therefore, are determ-
ining who constitute the Legislature of Geor-
gia ; your legislation therefore treats Georgia
as a State out ofthe Union. This view of your
legislation will become very material in the
consideration of another section of your bill,
that section which proposes for the consider-
ation of this Legislature the ratification of your
so-called fourteenth andfifteenth constitutional
amendments.
But, sir, Georgia beingthus out ofthe Union,
according to the provisions of your bill and the
spirit of your bill, according to the legislation
which you propose for Georgia, I wish to know
now how you get the power, according to our
theory of a republican government, of legis
SatingorsayiDgwho shall legislate forGeorgia?
You are assuming to have control over Georgia.
By your reconstruction acts you assu med to have
control of her by force of military power, and
you placed her in one of the military districts
of that section of the country and made the
whole of that district and the whole of the-
South absolutely and unqualifiedly subject to
the arbitrary will of the General of the Army.
I attempted to show on a former occasion, and
I believe successfully—at least I did so to the
satisfaction of my own mind—that your recon-
struction actsofCongress, ifthey were enforced,
not only destroyed all government in the South,
but- all title to property and all right to the enjoy-
ment of life and liberty and the security of per-
son and property. You even now, I presume,
base this bill upon and propose this enactment
under and in execution of your reconstruction
aets heretofore passed.
Mr. President, what is the theory of our
Government? It is that the people govern
themselves by representatives chosen by them-
selves, not by representatives chosen or desig-
nated by the Federal Congress or by any other
power except the people themselves who are
to be affected by the legislation. You do not
hold Georgia as a colony. This Government
has no authority under the Constitution of the
United States to hold a colony. You do not
hold her as a conquered province subject to
your rule, because this Government has no
authority under the Constitution of the United
States to hold and govern a conquered province
and to legislate for it. You do not hold her
as a territory and cannot hold her as a terri-
tory, because within the meaning and spirit of
your Constitution a territory is erected not out
of the States existing at the formation of the
Constitution,but out of territory which belonged
to the United States and which had not been
erected into States. But, sir, even in the case
of Territories erected within the limits of your
possessions which have not theretofore been
inhabited, when they have a sufficient popu-
lation for the^ organization of territorial gov-
ernments Congress never assumed to legislate
forthem. They organizethem, and the people
inhabiting those Territories elect their Delegate
to Congress and choose the members of their
territorial Legislatures, and Congress never
assumed to legislate for the people, and why ?
Because had Congress attempted directly to
legislate for the people even of a Territory it
would have been in contravention of' the spirit,
the soul of our republican institutions, which is
that the people govern themselves through rep-
resentatives chosen by themselves; and this
principle applies to every State and every Ter-
ritory, and to even'organized possession which
is subject to the Constitution of the United
States. When you acquire territory, either
by treaty or in any other mode, and it becomes
the territory of the United States, the moment
that the title passes to you the Constitution of
the United States is spread all over it with all
its provisions, and you cannot exercise one
particle of arbitrary power over its inhabitants.
Every provision of the Constitution for the
security of the American citizen is applicable
to the inhabitants and available by the inhab-
itants of such territory, and the free political
principles of the Constitution secure to such
inhabitants political freedom and security.
The power of legislating for themselves when
they are in an organized form, a political asso-
ciation, a people, either the people of a State
or a Territory, is inherently, in the very nature
of our republican institutions and from the
genius of our system of government and by
virtue of constitutional provisions, in the peo-
ple themselves. Whenever the power to select
their own representatives is taken away arbi-
trarily from the people, and whenever you deny
to the people either of a State or Territory the
right of representation in the body which im-
poses taxation, your right to tax immediately
ccases. You have no power, 110 authority,
according to our system of government to im-
pose a tax for any purpose upon any people
who are not represented in the body, or who
have not the privilege of being represented iu
the body imposing the tax.
Sir, this is no new principle in our theory of
government. 1 presume it will not be con-
tended, even by the progressive gentlemen who
constitute this great Union alias Republican
party, thatthe Government ofthe United States
is less free, less republican, than the English
Government. You would consider him as a
traitor to his country who should avow or even
harbor the thoughtthat the English Government
was a freer Government than the Government
of the United States. The President, the great
man who sits in the White House, skilled,
learned in the law and in the science of gov-
ernment, and who knows what free government
is, has told you how free and how great you
are. Well, sir, it is a principle of the consti- :
tution of the British Government that taxation
cannot be imposed without representation, and
taxation, in the language of Pitt, is no part of
the political power, because the taxes accord-
ing to their theory and their principle of govern-
ment are what the Commons yield or give to
the Government. Under our system of gov-
ernment taxes are a gift from the people to
the Government, but they can never be imposed
unless it is by their consent, and that consent
is given by virtue of their representation in
Congress, as that consent is manifested in the
English Government by the representation of
the people in the British Parliament.
If Georgia be not a State in the Union, if
she be in such a condition that she needs
readmission into the Union, if there is any
power which she cannot exercise which a State
within the meaning of the Constitution has the
right and the ability to exercise, which you
prevent her from exercising, then she is not
such a State within the meaning of the Consti-
tution as can ratify any amendment to the
Constitution. That we may have a correct
idea of what it requires to make a ratification
of a constitutional amendment valid according
to the true intent and meaning of the Constitu-
tion we must consider what is a State within
the meaning of that instrument, and we arrive
at a correct idea of the meaning of a State by
reference to the character of the political com-
munities which ratified the original instrument.
Each one of those political communities,
thirteen in number, possessed exclusive legis-
lative, executive, and judicial power within
itself. They were not subject, as far as their
internal government was concerned, to the
surpervisory power of any other body. This
was their character when they originally rati-
fied the Constitution. This was their character
when they subsequently ratified the first twelve
amendments to the Constitution. They were
then members of the Federal Union, but they
possessed absolute and exclusive control over
their own internal government, possessing their
own executive, legislative, and judicial powers
free from any control by Congress or by any other
power whatever. It was to such a body of men
that the ratification of the twelve articles of
amendment was proposed by Congress. It was
by such bodies of men, such political commu-
nities, that those articles were ratified. Being
such political communities they had the con-
stitutional right of representation in the Senate
and House of Representatives; they had the
right to vote for Presidentof the United States,
and to do every other thing which pertained to
a State within the meaning of the Federal Con-
stitution. It is only such a political commu-
nity that constitutes a State within the mean-
ing of the Federal Constitution, and it is only
such a political community as this to which
any ratification of an amendment of the Con-
stitution can be proposed.
Now, sir, is Georgia according toyourtheory,
according to your legislation, according to the
provisions of this bill, such a political com-
munity? Is Georgia, if you have the power
of reconstructing her, if she is yet to be re-
admitted into the Union, if she is not entitled
to representation upon the floor of Congress,
if you shut your door against her here and shut
your door against her Representatives in the
other House because you say that she is not
entitled to representation in Congress, is she
such a political community, such a State within
the meaning of the Federal Constitution as
that you can submit to her an amendment to
the Constitution? No, sir. You are submit-
ting it to something else. You are not, if your
theory of legislation be true, submitting it to a
State at all. It is all folly to entitle your bill
•'A bill to reconstruct the State of Georgia."
It is folly for you to call Georgia a State, and
then in the very provisions ofyourbill to denyto
her the powers of a State and the rights of a
State. You may contradict yourselves; you
may publish your own inconsistency to the
world; your bill has that effect and 110 more ;
