2458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April* 6,
Therefore it ia wholly unnecessary to pass
any other act as to any of these persons
than an act simply removing all their disabili-
ties. Then this act speaks, and says they shall !
not take the other oath, but may take this oath; !
and it has a purpose, and ought to stand ; and !
that is that people who have engaged in rebel-
lion shall not be entitled to come in and have
their disabilities removed under the test-oath,
and not under the Constitution, until two thirds
uf Congress agree to it. That is all I wanted
lo say.
Mr. THURMAN. Then there is no objec-
tion to the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. None ; only its useless-
ness. >
The bill was read three times.
The VICE PRESIDENT- The question is
on the passage of the bill, which requires a
two-thirds vote, in the opinion of the Chair.
The bill was passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 120.
Mr. EDM¥NDS. I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the Georgia bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be laid
aside with a view to take up House joint reso-
lution No. 120.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TlieSenatorfrom
Ohio moves to pass overall prior orders for the
purpose of considering the income tax reso-
lution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order.
1 do not object to the question being put now
in tlio form proposed ; but the true interpre-
tation of the rule—and justice requires it to be
understood—is that only one bill shall be luid
aside at a time. I do not object to it now ; but
when we get regularly to the Calendar wo ought
to be able to reach every bill without sweeping
the great body aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tlw Chair so
stated this morning, but it was agreed by unan-
imous consent that the motion could be put in
thisj'orrn. So the Chair states again. If there
be no objection, the question will be put on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio in the form
he has submitted it.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To pass over all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
income tax joint resolution, leaving tlie special
orders on the Calendar in their appropriate
relations as they now stand.
Mr. HOWARD. Thatquostionis not debat-
able, but I hope the motion will not prevail.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 24.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to have a
communication read?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Only by unani-
mous consent, as it is in the nature of debate.
Mr. SUMNER.. I would make one remark.
Let us go on with the Georgia bill 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I objcct, because the
chairman of the committee declined to make
any remark.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not in order to make
one remark ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not one.
Mr. CONKLING. If it were in order to
make one, I should like to remark that the
joint resolution mentioned by the Senator from
Ohio will lead to a debate of days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. • Debate is not in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that I do not propose to
go on to-night with this joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the consent of the
| Senate, on this matter of public importance, to
j read a communication which I have from the
1 Treasury Department.
< The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
! Ohio asks unanimous consent, pending this
| motion, to read a communication from the
Treasury Department. Is there objection ?
-Mr. CONKLING. I object, unless we can
debate the matter. If reasons are to be assigned
on one side, they ought to be allowed on the
other. 1 think wo ought to dispose .of the
Georgia bill. That is the point of my objection.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Cameron, Cragln, Davis, Drake,
Fowler, Ilarlnn, Harris, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, llosa, Sawyor,
Suhura, .Scott, Sherman, Thayer, Willey, and Wil-
liams—3).
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Casserly, Chandlor. Oonk-
liuff, Corbelt, J.vJimujib, l^laimgan, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Texas. Howard, Jlowoll, Johnston, Mo-
Urcery, M^Donak!, Norton, Pomoroy, Itico, Sponeor,
j fcipniRiio, Stewart, Stockton, Sumnor, Thurman.Tip-
; tun, '1'rumhuH, Yickors, nwl Wilson—27.
j ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
1 ljoroman, Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Cat-
: tell, Colo, Fen ton, l*'erry. Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, llowe. Kcllosfr, Lowis, Morton. Nyo, Pool,
itamsey, Hovels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Warner, anil
Y ates—IT*.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (II. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wn.sox] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, [.Mr. Stuwaut.] The Sen-
ator from Nevada moves to strike out what is
called the Bingham amendment; the Senator
from Massachusetts moves to perfect the part
proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to withdraw his amendment and
let us take a vote on the motion to striko out
lirst.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts has a right to withdraw
his amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 think we should have
an executive session ; but if the Senate is ready
to vote I will not move one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, to strike out what is known as the
Bingham amendment, being the lirst proviso
in the bill.
Mr. TIPTON. If the Senate wish to go into
executive session I have no objection. L have
something to say on this bill before a vote is
taken.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Nebraska is recognized as entitled to the floor.
The Senator from Kansas moves that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me
a moment I will withdraw my withdrawal and
renew my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. The Senator from Nebraska [Mr.
Tipton] is entitled to the floor, and the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] moves that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that motion is with-
drawn for a moment I think we ought to have
a distinct understanding in regard to this Geor-
gia bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate is aware
that a certain number of the Senators purpose
leaving here to-morrow to attend the funeral
of General Thomas at Troy, New York, and I
myself am on that committee. I should go to
discharge the duty as one of the members of
the committee if I knew that the. Georgia bill
was not to be considered ; but if it is to be con-
sidered I shall deem it my duty to remain here
and take part in the disposition of thkt bill.
The Senate has had one or two votes to-day,
but the Senate is not full. I voted against
passing over the Georgia bill, and I am anxious
to dispose of it; and if I knew that everything
would give way and we could dispose of it I
should think wo had better do it; but if we
cannot I should like to know it to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to my friend
from Illinois that I have personal knowledge
of the fact that two or three Senators intend to
make speeches, perhaps at some length, upon
the Georgia bill, and I shall feel bound, with,
full knowledge of all the facts, to renew the
motion I made a few moments ago to-morrow
at one o'clock. It is my deliberate conviction
that the income tax bill should be acted on at
once, and I propose to confine it to this year,
and have the simple question submitted to the
Senate whether it shall be collected this year.
That will not load to long debate. I shall not
debate it myself. I simply throw out the idea.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we could- have an
understanding that tho Georgia bill would be
taken up on Monday  
Mr. THAYER. Say Tuesday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And thatwe shallkeep
it so that lfothing shall interfere with it, if the
Senate would agree to take hold of the Georgia
bill and finish it 
Mr. SUMNER. Why not say Monday?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said Monday, but
other Senators suggested Tuesday. Some of
us may not gel back by Tuesday I am told.
Monday will suit me. If there is any motion
I can make, or if the Senate will by unanimous
consent lot the Georgia bill pass over now and
set it down for one o'clock on Tuesday, if that
suits other Senators better, and we agree to take
it up then, and proceed with it from day to day
till we finish it, I should be glad to know it
now. If that can be done I will consent to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will then renew my
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see if we cannot
havo this understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asksunanimous consent—by which
consent the Senate may suspend any of its
rules—that the Georgia bill shall be proceeded
with on Tuesday at one o'clock. If the propo-
sition be agreed to in that shape it will exclude
unfinished business and everything else on
Tuesday at one o'clock, if the Senate unani-
mously consent to it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is understood that it
stands as the special order for Tuesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
_ Mr. CONKLING. I rise to make no objec-
tion but to submit a remark. Senators who
are going as members of the committee might
possibly bo absent, if no such agreement took
placc, when one single subject was disposed
of, as to which they might pair off if they saw
fit, or arrange it otherwise, although I havo
very little hope myself that we shall reach a
final vote, particularly if we are to adjourn
over Saturday, before the return of the com-
mittee. In lieu of tho risk the members of
the committee would run touching this one
single subject, it is proposed now to allow this
bill to give place to what ? Though we know
not what, first a very important matter, a mat-
ter to which I think I might almost compare
the Georgia bill in its importance, although the
honorable Senator from Ohio speaks of it as a
ihing which pertains to a single year. I repeat
that it is a very important question ; and
should that lead to such a debate as I think it
will, that is to be considered in the absence
of the committee, and then any other thing
which may assert itself most strongly is to
proceed in the absence of these members of
the Senate.
Now, I submit to the honorable Senator from
Illinoisthat on his own account, andon account
