1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5291
acre; that is, ten times as much. I will read
this again:
That the lands granted under the provisions of
tins act may be locatcd by said company within the
southern States named in section lour of this act,
"warrants for which shall be delivered to said com-
pany by the Secretary of the Interior in quantities
sufficient, at graduated prices that were named in the
act of Congress of August 4,1834, by which lands
in said southern States were subject to entry and sale,
to equal the price established by the preemption
laws of the United States.
I must confess that I am not quite logician
enough to understand that; but if it means
anything, and I suppose that is the purpose of
it, it is that there must be enough acres at
twelve and a half cents, or the graduated price,
to equal the number at $1 2o an acre. If so,
every apprentice would be entitled to sixty-
four hundred acres per annum for his services
on board these steamers. Here is the provis-
ion about apprentices :
And, as a further consideration for the mainte-
nance and education of the apprentices hereinafter
required on said steamships, the said company shall
be entitled to receive, on proper proof being pre-
sented, and the Secretary of the Interior shall issue
to said company the warrants therefor, six hundred
and forty acres of land from the public lands of the
United States, to be located in the before-named
States, and not elsewhere, for each and every ap-
prentice so educated and maintained annually, as
hereinafter provided, during tho period of four
years.
And the same provision is contained in the
original amendment. The amendment I have
in my hands is part of the original proposition
now under debate.
Mr. RICE. 1 have not examined this amend-
ment very closely; but the. first section of it
provides that the eighty acres of land given for
each immigrant is not to be given to the com-
pany, but to be located by actual settlers, so
that all that is proposed is to place the land in
the same situation toward the immigrant now
that it is toward any other person. There is
no land in the southern States included in this
bill that is open for sale. It is all subject to
preemption by actual settlers. This bill pro-
vides that these eighty acres shall be located
by actual settlers and nobody else; therefore
there is no change so far as that is concerned
from the present law. It is a mere provision
for settlers this company will bring here from
foreign countries, and they will settle on the
land under the laws of the United States, and
will be entitled to eighty acres of land. It is
a mere authority on their part when they are
brought to show that they have the right to
promise these settlers this land. That is all
the first part of the first section amounts to.
The provision in regard to the six hundred
and forty acres for each apprentice educated
is an appropriation of less than it now costs the
Government for that purpose.
As to the rest of that section, which has
been commented on here so much, I presume
there will be no objection to withdrawing it,
and the next section can be struck out. I
think with the withdrawal of that the Senate
will be perfectly willing to vote for the amend-
ment. I see nothing in the amendment down
to the thirty-third line that is objectionable.
I hope the rest of it will be withdrawn, and
then we can adopt that part of it down to the
thirty-third line.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, taking the
whole thing together, I think it is the most
strange and crudely constructed bill I have
ever known to be introduced in Congress. If
there be room enough on the table to receive it
I move to lay it on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chan understand the motion of the Senator to
be to lay the bill on the table ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. Is that motion debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it and allow me to say a few words on the
subject.
Mr. DAVIS. Will you renew it?
Mr. COLE. I will do so before 1 take my
seat if you wish it.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky withdraw the motion
to lay on the table?
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw it for the present,
to accommodate my friend from California.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I am in favor
of tbis bill as reported by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads. The Congress
of the United States, and particularly the Sen-
ate, seem to be anxious for the restoration of
American commerce. They have professed
an anxiety that the shipping interests of the
United States shall in some manner be restored.
This measure is intended for that end. The
object is to establish a line of mail steamships
between certain ports of the United States and
ports in the Mediterranean, and perhaps from
there through the Suez canal to connect with
the southern part of Asia.
This object certainly is meritorious. We are
aware, not only from our own experience, but
from the experience of other countries who
have established such lines, that they cannot
be maintained without some encouragement
from the Government. They have never been
inaugurated and maintained without some such
assistance.
The proposition now is to give to this com-
pany the postages that will result from the car-
riage of the mails across the Atlantic. That
is all, I believe, that the bill provides, as
reported from the committee. It provides
further, that the States that have been most
oppressed by the rebellion, the States men-
tioned in the fourth section of the bill, the
southern States of the Union, shall lend their
individual aid.
Mr. POMEROY. That they may do it; not
that they shall do it.
Mr. COLE. Yes, that they may lend their
individual aid to this enterprise. They are
permitted to issue their bonds and deposit
them with the Postmaster General of the Uni-
ted States for the security of the General Gov-
ernment against any loss that might otherwise
be incurred by the General Government.
The bill has been pronounced extraordinary;
some have spoken of it as a monstrosity. It is
a bill intended for the benefit of those States,
and that they shall have the opportunity of
lending their own aid, using their own power,
their own influence, their own wealth toward
their regeneration; and why should the Con-
gress stand in the way ? If there are objection-
able features in the amendment that has been
offered the Senate are at liberty to vote it down,
as indeed they are to vote the bill itself down.
But if they vote the amendment and the bill
itself down they will in that way, in my judg-
ment, give a vote directly against the commer-
cial interests of the United States.
Why, sir, there are at this day some eight or
ten European lines of steamships crossing the
Atlantic ocean, and not a single American
steamship in that trade. There are one hun-
dred and twenty steamships so employed, owned
by Governments undoubtedly inferior, as we
claim, to the Government of the United States,
and we have not a single steamship crossing
the Atlantic. We wish to pursue a course
somewhat similar to that which has been pur-
sued by European Governments, for the pur-
pose of establishing a line of our own across
the Atlantic. At present our postages are paid
to foreign lines. This proposition is that our
own citizens, who are to establish this line,
shall receive this compensation ; that it shall
be given to American citizens, to American
companies, to American steamships, and that
they shall thus be encouraged in this business.
1 hope, therefore, that, the motion of my
friend from Kentucky will not prevail. If he
chooses and wishes to vote against this amend-
ment I probably shall vote with him against
it; but there is merit in the other features of
the bill. If it is not in all respects in harmony,
so far as precedent goes, with other bills of
like character, and having the same object in
view, what of that? We pass new bills, new
schemes of legislation every day. Every law
that we pass is a modification of some previous
law or rule of action. This is a proposition to
allow these southern States to lend their own
influence, their own money, their own aid to-
ward their own regeneration. They need immi-
gration. They expect to get it from the ports
of the Mediterranean, and no doubt they can
get from there a population such as they need.
Why shall we not allow them to do this thing
if they see fit to do it? We only give them the
privilege of doing it. We do not compel or
attempt to compel them to do this; but they
desire to lend their own aid for their own
aggrandizement and for their own advantage,
and I cannot see for myself any reason why
they should not have this poor privilege.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to call the
attention of the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia to the fourth section of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. If the appeal of the honorable
Senator from California for aid from the Gen-
eral Government to establish lines of steamers
be a sound one, let that aid be directly given,
as it has been given heretofore to particular
lines of steamers.
The honorable Senator says that this is a
measure in the interest of the southern States,
and that the southern States ought to be allowed
to bring their resources through the medium
of this bill to the regeneration of their pros-
perity. How is that proposed to be done ? "
Here is the fourth section of the bill:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the Post-
master General shall receive, in the name and on
behalf of said company, from any of the south-
ern States of the Union, West Virginia, Virginia,
South Carolina, North Carolina. Florida, Alabama,
Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri,
Louisiana. Arkansas, and Texas, the authorized
bonds and securities of any of said States, bearing
interest payable semi-annually, and the principal
thereof in not less than fifteen years, deposited with
the Post Office Department by any of said Stages, pur-
suant to any act or acts of the Legislatures thereof,
made in that behalf, to form a tund for the solo use
and benefit of said company, to aid in promoting
emigration from Europe; and any corporation cre-
ated by the Legislature of any of the said southern
States interested in introducir g emigrants from
Europe may in like manner aid in forming a fund as
aforesaid by depositing in the name and on behalf
of said company, with the Post Office Department,
bonds and securities of each or any of the aforesaid
southern States, the interest and principal of which
shall be payable as before named; and all sueh
deposits shall be made in amounts of not less than
$100,000 for each deposit—
A minimum limit, but no maximum—
and when any such State bonds and securities aro
presented for deposit as aforesaid, the Postmaster
General shall receive and hold the same for and in
behalf of said company, and shall receive the inter-
est and principal of all suc-h State bonds and secur-
ities deposited as aforesaid, a,nd shall apply the same
to the payment of the interest and principal of the
corporate certificates of indebtedness of said com-
pany. authorized to be issued in pursuance of its
chaiter, as the same shall be due and payable; and
lor tile protection of the holders thereof such cer-
tificates shall be registered at the Post Office Depart-
ment from time to time, on presentation thereof by
said company, in amounts equal to that of the State
bends and securities respectively deposited as afore-
said, which registration shall be certified by indorse-
ment thereon, which indorsement shall stipulate to
pay the interest and principal of such registered cer-
tificates of indebtedness to the holders thereof as the
same shall be due and payable.
And so it goes on.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky to read the succeeding
lines, which I think even more suggestive than
any he has yet read.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; I will read them.
And from and after such indorsement and delivery
to said company, all deposits of State bonds and
securities, so made in behalf of said company, shall
be and become the sole property of the Post Office
Department: Provideil, That the rate ol interest upon
the certificates of indebtedness presented for regis-
tration and indorsement by said company shall not
exceed the rate of interest upon the State bonds and
securities deposited in its behalf, and the principal
thereof shall not bo due and payable until after the
principal of said State bonds and securities is due
and payable.
I have read enough to present the general
