1870.
THfl €UiN(xKESS10NAL GLOBE.
3403
go further ia to tie I ho hands of the appointing
power, to take from the country the opportu-
nity ot securing, it may be, important service;
ami I think is to be needlessly hurd on men
who in their day have rendered good servicc
to the country.
Mr. THAYER, Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. Is it in his judgment neces-
sary, in order to find competent men to fill
public offices, to go into the Army of the United
States, in a nation of forty million people? Is
it necessary?
Mr.SUMNER. I do not see that it is neces-
sary or that it is not.
Mr. THAYER. My friend suggested that
the President might find the most proper mftn
in the Army.
Mr. SUMNER. I will come to that. It
does seem to me that cases may occur—my
friend can anticipate them—when it may be
important to take into the civil service a re-
tired officer. Why may not that occur in the
natural course of events? There is talent,
there is experience. Are our offices so well
filled, is the public service so completely per-
formed, that we can afford to exclude talent
and experience?
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that much more
true in regard to active officers?
Mr. SUMNER. There, sir, you come in
conflict with the fundamental principle of re-
publican institutions. You cannot, as I sub-
mit, fill civil offices from the active service of
the Army or Navy without conflict with that
ihndainental principle.
Mr. CONKLING. Why?
Mr. SUMNER. Bat I iindno such conflict
if you take an officer on the retired list.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator point
out the distinction?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks," Why ? "
For the obvious reason that when the officer is
on the retired list be has, for all the ordinary
purposes of tbeservice, ceased to be an officer;
be enjoys what I think has been called a pen-
sion—which in reality is a pension under an-
other name—and he has eeased to be in the
active practical service either of Navy or of
Army. On that account I see a clear distinc-
tion. Therefore, it seems to me, for the sakeof
the public service, and that we may not be
guilty of hardship to any portion of the com-
munity, that the words introduced by ray col-
league in the pending bill ought to be pre-
served. I hope they will not be struck out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion restores
the section precisely to the form in which it
passed in tbe House of Representatives. Tbe
House have decided, so far as they are con-
cerned, that uo officer of the Army shall hold a
civil office. It is proposed here to change that
section by the insertion of the words " on the
active list," so as to allow the persons on the
retired list to hold eivil office. That is the
question. It is tbe same question which we
decided a few moments ago. All that was said
by the Senator from Ohio and others about
General Schofield holding office, and other offi-
cers in the active service holding office, is an-
swered by their own arguments, and answered
by tbe Senator from Massachusetts, who says he
is in favor of the section with the words 4* on
tbe active fist" retained. Therefore, the Sen-
ator from Ohio himself is for prohibiting a per-
son in active service from being appointed Sec-
retary of War. He says that is right. The
Senator from Massachusetts says that is right.
They are fof all that. It is according to tbe
genius of our institutions that tbe military offi-
cers of tbe country should not hold civil ap-
pointments. So far we all agree.
Now, about what do we disagree? Whether
persons on the retired list who are still subject
to Army orders, who still wear the uniform,
who are still liable to be ordered upon court-
martial and to perform various kinds of duties
by the President of the United States, and who
are liable to be tried by court-martial, who are
subject to the rules and articles of war, shall
be permitted to hold civil office or not. I think
we hud better adopt the amendment. I think
we had belter make the prohibition general.
I see no distinction between these officers and
the others. This is the same proposition upon
which we have just voted.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to uRk
the Senator a questiou before he sits down,
with his permission.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I see that the section
provides—
That it shall not bo lawfal for any offlcor oftho
Aruijr of tbn United States on the aotivo list to hold
any civil olfico, whether by eloction or appointment;
and any such officer accepting or exercising tho func-
tions of n civil otlieo shall atonoo coaso to bo an otfi-
.cer oftho Army, and hi* commission shall bo vacatod
thereby.
Does that prevent the President from detail-
ing an officer of the Army to perform clerical
duty in the War Department? Suppose an-
other war should arise like that through which
we have passed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it would not
prevent his doing-any duty that was connected
with the military service. I understand that
in active service soldiers are detailed as aids
to the commanding officer, to write letters for
him; but I do not suppose that makes it a
oivil appointment. Anything that a detail
covers this section does not interfere with.
Mr. PATTERSON. But performing the
duties of a clerk, whether by detail or any-
thing else, is fulfilling the functions of a civil
office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; to fulfill the
functions of an office he must be the officer.
He must have the power of the officer if he per-
forms the functions of the office. I do not
understand that a person can fulfill the func-
tions of a civil office unless he holds the civil
office. He must be the officer. That is the
meaning of this section as I understand it.
Mr. MORTON. I do not see any occasion
for the adoption of this amendment at this
time. Nor do I feel the force of the reason
offered by the Senator from Illinois. If this
amendment should be adopted and become
a law the effect of it would be that General
Sickles must immediately resign his position
, in tbe Army and lose that competence for life
which is necessary for him, or he must at onee
! retire from his position as embassador. That
is the direct-effect of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator how he gets over the present
statute in reference to General Sickles? How
does he answer the present-statute, which says
that any person who accepts an office in the
diplomatic or consular service shall thereby
vacate his position in the Army?
Mr. MORTON. I would say it is not under-
stood that General Sickles is out of the Army,
or that be lost his pay as a retired officer by
accepting the position of minister to Spain. If
it were so understood be would never have
accepted it. There must be some doubt on
that question or be would not have taken the
place. By the way, here are sixty or seventy
officers who have been assigned as Indian
agents, who are sow performing the duties of
, Indian agents, and who have taken the oath
required by law for the performance of those
duties. They have lost their commissions and
are out of the Army without knowing it^ accord-
ing to tbis argument.
j Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the law dees not
* apply to sueh cases. It only applies to the
diplomatic and consular service.
| Mr. MORTON. That is the old law; but
j tbis bill would. The former law would not
| apply to all the cases referred to, according to
I the Senator from Oregon ; but the present bill
applies to them all.
i Air. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
i me to read the section of the statute,' if it will
I not interrupt him? * *
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. TUUMBULL. Section two of the act
passed March 150, 1808, is in these words :
"That any officer of the Army or Navy of tlio
United States who shall, niter the pas-sage ot' this act.
accept or hold any appointment in t he diplomatic or
consular service of the Government, shall be consid-
ered as having resignod his said otlico, and the place
hekl by him in tho military or naval service shall bo
deemed and taken to bo vacant, and shall be 111 led
in the same mannor asif thosaid officer had resigned
tho same."
I apprehend that covers the case of General
Sickles.
Mr. MORTON. It was not at the time
understood as applying to a retired officer : but
the Senator may be right in saying that it does.
But whether his construction is right or not,
this would cut General Sickles oft'; it would
cut Colonel Parker off; it would cut off every
officer who has been assigned to the perform-
ance of duty as an Indian agent on the plains ;
it would cut off the President's secretaries; it
would look very much like a direct blow at tho
Administration, and would be so construed by
the country. There is no occasion for it.
Mr. DRAKE. As the yeas and nays have
been called for on this motion, I deem it but
proper to say a word or two in explanation of
the grounds of my vote. I shall vote against
the amendment, and I shall do it upon the
ground of the very essential and manifest dif-
ference between officers on the active list and
officers on the retired list. When an officer
is on the active list the Government appropri-
ates all his ability, all his time, and all his efforts
to itself, and it is not proper that the right of
the Government to his ability, his time, and his
efforts should be interfered with by any civil
office to which he might be elected or appointed.
But his position on the retired list is wholly
different. It is only within a possible contin-
gency that he maybe required to perform some
duty or other in the Army in connection with
military affairs. He is not required to go into
the field. He is out of the range of active duty.
All that he would ever be. required to perform
would be some subordinate duty of no conse-
quence at all, and to perform which he could
very easily retire from the civil office.
Mr. WILSON. Under existing law he can-
not be ordered to do anything. Under the
provision proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin, which has been.adopted, on his own
application he may be assigued to duty.
Mr. DRAKE. rI hat only strengthens my posi-
tion. To say that these retired officers who,
as the Senator from Massachusetts has said,
are in fact pensioners upon the Government,
in view of their great services shall never derive
the emoluments of the office of justice of the
peace or of notary public, or any other minor
office in any of the States, seems to me to be
a needless deprivation, which might in some
instances amount nearly to cruelty.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, since the
distinguished Senator from Indiana has under-
taken to make the Senators who vote for this
amendment enemies of the Administration 
Mr. MORTON. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I intend no such thing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator said tbe
amendment looked like a blow at the Admin-
istration. I wish to ask him If the private sec-
retaries of the President, and all the officers
acting as Indian agents, were not upon the
active list of the Army? He proposes to vote
for a proposition that will deprive them of their
civil or military offices j and yet he claims
that because we propose to support this amend-
ment it looks like a blUW at the Administra-
tion. Now, sir, I do not know of a single
military officer who holds a civil office to-day
who is on the retired list of the Army, except
it be General Sickles..
Mr. MORTON. Is he not on the retired list?
Mr. WILLIAMS.! I believe he is; but these
other officers to whom the Senator has referred
are upon the aetive list of the Army.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
no to make a.suggestion? ■ ■
