1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
Mr. DAWES. If gentle men will let me have
till two o'clock, and then give me an evening
session, I think we can finish the appropriation
bill to-day. I will, however, yield foramoment
to my colleague [Mr. Buffinton] and one or
two other gentlemen.
decay of american commerce.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
from the select Committee on the Causes of the
Reduction of American Tonnage, reported the
following resolution; which was referred, under
the law, to the Committee on Printing:
Betofoed, That there bo printed for the use of this
House lour thousand copies, and for the use of the
Secretary of the Treasury one thousand copies of
the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, with tho
report accompanying tho same, relating to foreign
commerce and the decay of American commerce,
with the charu attached.
cereal asd other crops.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by utianiraous con-
sent, from the Committee on Agriculture,
reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, the bill (H. R. No.
455) ts procure and disseminate information
of tbe extent of cereal and other crops of the
country, and moved that the bill be recommit-
ted to the committee, and that the substitute
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs of jethro wood.
On motion of Mr. KETCH AM, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on the Public Lands
was discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of Phoebe Wood and Sylvia
Ann Wood, heirs of Jethro Wood, deceased,
praying compensation for services rendered the
country by said Jethro Wood's patent plow; and
tbe same, with the accompanying papers, was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
pacific railroad.
Mr. YAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following preamble and reso-
lution :
Whereas heretofore, on the 26th day of January,
A. D. 18T0, this House adopted unanimously the
following resolution:
"Retolved, That the honorable the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed to furnish to this House at his
earliest convenience a full and detailed statement
of the amount of accruing interest which the Gov-
ernment of the United States has been compelled to
Say in discharge of its guarantee on the bonds issued
y tbe Government to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, the Central Pacific Railroad Company,
and their respective branches and auxiliary roads;
also, the amount of interest, if any, paid by said
roads on said bonds; also, tho amount of Govern-
ment freight in tons, and tbe gross amount of charges
thereon, transported by the Government over said
roads and their respective branches as aforesaid
since said roads have been opened for transporta-
tion, and the rate of charge per ton per mile which
said roads have charged the Government for trans-
porting such freight as aforesaid; also, the rate per
mila of fare per capita which said roads have charged
the Government for the transportation of troops over
said roads and their branches; also, to give the rea-
sons, if any, why the amount of Government bonds
so issued to said companies as aforesaid have been
withdrawn from the official periodical statements of
the public debt of the country; also, if the means of
such information are within the Department, to fur-
nish a full and complete list of all the stockholders
in said Union and Central Pacific Kailroad Compa-
nies; the amount of stock held in trust by third per-
sons, the names of such trustees, and the names of
the persons for whose benefit such stock is so held in
trust: the amount of stock held by each stockholder,
whether in trust or otherwise; the amount each
ttockholder has paid upon his otock, and the balance
yet due and unpaid thereon
And whereas the Secretary of the Treasury has
failed to reply to said resolution, and the informa-
tion therein desired by the House has not been ob-
tained { and whereas in the event of the possibility
that said resolution has in some way miscarried in
its transmission to the said Department, or has been
lost or mislaid; it is hereby further
Rtnlved, That the Clerk of this Honse inclose a
copy of this resolution, with the-original, as here-
tofore adopted, to the Seoretary of the Treasury,
respectfully suggesting to him that said original
resolution still remains unanswered.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
ordb& of business.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call for
; the regular order of business.
Mr. DAWES. Then I insist on my motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Are
we not to have a morning hour? I hope my
colleague will let us have a morning hour.
death of anson burlingame.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I send to the
Chair a letter from the Secretary of State that
I have but just received, which I hope the
House will allow to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of State,
[ Washington, February 23,1870.
My Dear General: A telegram this morning,
(nine o'clock and twenty-five minutes,)received from
Mr. Curtin at St. Petersburg, announcing the death
of Mr. Burlingamo this morning.
In haste, yours, HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. N. P. Banks.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, although Mr.
Burlingame had rendered very important ser-
vices to this country, he was not, at the mo-
ment of his death, in the employ of this Gov-
ernment. It is not, therefore, in accordance
with the usages of the House to interrupt its
1 proceedings further than to announce the sad
intelligence which has been conveyed to us in
the letter of the Secretary of State; yet I crave
the generous indulgence of the House to say,
that in the regular course of legislative busi-
ness a fitting and full opportunity will occur
to express our appreciation of his high char-
acter, and the very great services he rendered
! this country in his past official connection with
the different branches of the Government, as
well as in that high mission in which he was
employed when overtaken by the summons to
another and a better world. It is one in con-
nection with which he wished to be remem-
bered, and in regard to which I promised him,
at tbe last of our interviews in a foreign land,
his name should not be forgotten.
The mediation between the populous and
ancient empires of the East and the civilized
States of the West is one of the grandest events
of modern times. In that mission he had nearly
completed his work. The empire of Russia, at
the capital of which he died, and where he
must have very recently arrived, was the last
of the great States he was to visit. His success
at that Court was already assured. He had just
received from the Government he represented
the most complete expression of its entire
satisfaction with the method and results of his
i1 wise diplomacy. It may be said that his work
: was finished. His responsibility and his labors
were ended. The high and unprecedented mis-
sion with which his name must always be asso-
; ciated was as much due to the rare qualities
|; of his mind and heart as to the exigencies of
; ] those who created it, and the reconciliation of
; hitherto hostile nations, representing diverse
j| civilizations and opposite ends of the earth,
' i will forever stand as an enduring memorial of
i! his labors and his virtues.
' message from the president.
A message from the President was commu-
nicated to the House, by Mr. Horace Porter,
his Private Secretary, informing the House
that the President had approved and signed
a bill (H. R. No. 1096) to adnait the State of
Mississippi to representation in the Congress
of the United States.
order op bcsikess.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes, J that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
upon the legislative appropriation bill, upon
which the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
jamin] has called for a division.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] that the gen-
tleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch,] who has
the floor on the Utah bill, is not now in the
Hall. I do not think he desires to occupy the
floor this morning, though I am not sure about
it. But at all events, to have a morning hour
to-day will not advance the business of the
House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the business of
the House should not be blocked because a
gentleman entitled to the floor this morning is
not present. No committee can report until
this Utah bill has been disposed of.
Mr. CULLOM. I understand that the
gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] is now
present.
* Mr. DAWES. I ask the House to give me
an evening session this evening.
The SPEAKER. That can be done later in
the day by ordering a recess.
Mr. DAWES. I supposed the House would
agree to it now if I would withdraw my motion
for a session in Committee of the Whole and
allow a morning hour.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not like to object, but
I think this appropriation bill should be con-
sidered in the day time.
Mr. CULLOM. I understand that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
desires to leave town for a brief period, and
therefore desires to get this appropriation bill
through as soon as possible.
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. Cannot my col-
league [Mr. Cullom] have his bill taken out
of the morning hour, so that we can use the
morning hour for reports from committees?
Mr. CULLOM. 1 have no objection to that
at the proper time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
my colleague does not propose to occupy much
time with his bill, one or two days at the most.
It could be taken from the morning hour and
made a special order after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take the
opportunity to state the condition of business.
There are two special orders in the House after
the morning hour: the one, a bill for the reor-
ganization of the Army; the other, a bill from
the special Committee on the Decay of Ameri-
can Commerce. These special orders are in
the House after the morning hour. In Com-
mittee of the Whole there are pending the
legislative appropriation bill, another appro-
priation bill, and (he tariff bill. Of course the
special orders in the House cannot be reached
so long as the House, at the conclusion of the
morning hour, or before it, goes into Committee
of the Whole for the consideration of business
there referred. It is impossible, therefore, for
the Chair to say when a special order in the
House can be reached.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If a bill should be
made a special order for any particular day
immediately after the reading of the Journal,
and from day to day until disposed of, would
it not come up at the time fixed?
The SPEAKER. It would, if the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations or
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means should not interpose a motion to go into
Committee of tbe Whole. It is impossible
under the rules of the House, as it ought to
be, to prevent the House from considering at
any time tax bills and appropriation bills,
should the majority so desire. It ought to be
impossible, and the Chair will so rule.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, in my judg-
ment, if the morning hour be waived this morn-
ing for the appropriation bill, and the morning
hour to-morrow be given to the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Fitch] to make his speech, then
the Utah bill will go over till Tuesday and will
be disposed of in a day or two. If possible,
I desire the morning hour this morning given
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
DaweS,] for the consideration of the appro-
priation bill now in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAWES. If we can have the morning
up to two o'clock, and an evening session, 1
