1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2459
of the other members of the committee, it would
be better for them and better for the public
business to allow the Georgia bill to proceed
than to have other matters, as to which they
cannot pair, as to which they can make 110
arrangement, considered in the absence of so
many, six or seven members of the body.
I say I do not make any objection to what is
proposed; but it strikes me that in addition to
what was said by the Senator from Indiana this
morning, in which I concur so fully; in addi-
tion to bargaining, as we are going to do, for
a fresh edition of this debate which has been
heard in this Chamber already a good many
times over in substance, looking to the mere
effect upon the business touching which votes
are to be given within the next two or three
days, it is an arrangement which rather im-
poses upon the Senators who go away an addi-
tional loss of opportunity to participate in the
public business than anything else. But as I
have said, I do not make any objection to what
is proposed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we can get out
of this difficutly with advantage all around.
You will remember, sir, that the business of
the Committee on Commerce was put out of its
place by the Georgia bill. I yielded to the
decision of the Chair. But I now wish to say
that the Committee 011 Commerce will require
at least two weeks to complete its business
already before the body, and 1 will ask that
the Senate grant Thursday, Friday, and Sat-
urday to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THURMAN. Not Saturday.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, Saturday.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, 110.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, Thursday and
Friday.
Mr." SHERMAN. I shall object to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to consent
to the arrangement about Georgia.
Mr. WILSON. There is one thing I think
we all can agree upon, and that is to allow the
Senator from Maine to call up the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
which will take perhaps a couple of days. It
is a long and important bill, and it is always
in the way. We can dispose of that by the end
of the week.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
the understanding proposed as to the Georgia
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again ask if there is objection to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Illinois, thatb^ unani-
mous consent the Senate proceed on Tuesday
at one o'clock with the consideration of the
Georgia bill. Is there objection ? ["None;"
14 None."] That order is made by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit my motion again
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of House joint resolution No. 120.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall settle
this matter to-night.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish I could be allowed
to say a word in favor of taking up the propo-
sition of the Senator from Ohio. It seems to
me this income tax question ought to be acted
on immediately. You will remember that the
tax is not now in existence, and yet the assess-
ors of revenue and the collectors insist on hav-
ing the tax paid. It is interfering with all the
business of the country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion ot the Senator from Michigan
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business, which has priority of
the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall settle
this matter now.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely wish to inquire.
in what condition will that leave the bill of
the Senator from Ohio ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The same as if
the Senator had not made his motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Everything will come
up fresh in the morning when the Senate is full.
Mr. SHERMAN. We shall have an hoar's
debate on it to-morrow.
Mr. CASSERLY. If I may be allowed to
say a word, I will remark that I am on the
committee which is to attend the funeral cere-
monies of General Thomas, at Troy, and as I
have a very decided opinion against the bill of
the Senator from Ohio I should be very glad
indeed if that could go over until Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
011 the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 19; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned. It is understood that while the
doors were closed Mr. Casserly was, on his
own motion excused, from service upon the
committee appointed to attend the funeral of
Major General George II. Thomas, and Mr.
Fenton was appointed in his place.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 6, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
portrait 01? general thomas.
Mr. TANNER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following concurrent resolution;
which was referred to the joint Committee on
the Library :
Unsolved by the House of Representatives. (til 0 Sen-
ate concurring therein.) That the joint Committee
on the Library be authorized and directed to cause
to be painted a portrait of the late Major General
George II. Thomas, to be placed in a conspicuous
position in the Capitol, as a memorial of his great
services to his country and his distinguished worth
asasotdicr and citizen, and that tho eostof such
portrait, not exceeding dollars, be paid in equal
proportions out of the contingent fund of tho two
Houses ot Congress.
taxation 01? banks.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. li. No. 1710) iu relation to the
taxation of banks and their shareholders;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
railroad through indian territory.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee 011 the Pacific Railroad,
reported back, with amendments, the bill (H.
R. No. 1890) to incorporate the Kansas, In-
dian Territory, and Gulf Railway Company,
and to enable the Missouri River, Fort Scott
and Gulf, and the Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Galveston Railroad Companies to unite
upon and construct a single track through the
Indian territory and to reach the Gult, and
moved that the bill be recommitted, and, with
the amendments, printed.
The motion was agreed to.
change of reference.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Appropriations was
discharged from the further consideration ot
the petition of Simon Gebhart and twenty-two
others, merchants and citizens of Dayton,
Ohio, asking an appropriation tor the improve-
ment of the harbor of Toledo, Ohio; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Com-
iBGrco.
harbor at evaxsvii.le.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported
back the following resolution, and moved that
the Committee on Appropriations be discharged
from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be Instructed to inquire into the expediency of ap-
propriating $50,000 for the improvement of the har-
bor on the Ohio river at Evansville, Indiana, and
report by bill or otherwise.
The motion was agreed to.
louisville and portland canal.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, requested to inform this Houso of tho con-
dition of the work of enlargement of the Louisville
and Portland canal, with his opinion whether said
work can be so far advanced as to pass boats of
dimensions adapted to the new locks on the branch
canal by tho 1st day of November, A. D.1870, and
to mako such suggestions as to him may seem neces-
sary to promote the prompt completion of the work.
Mr. STEVENSON also, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of Cincinnati, in relation to the
Louisville and Portland canal; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
pensions of navy and marine corps.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1711) to regulate
the pensions of the Navy and Marine corps,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
indian affairs.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs bo
authorized to report to the House a bill to reorganize
the system of governing the Indian tribes, to promoto
their civilization, and for other purposes, and that
the same may bo printed, and mado_the special order
for tho third Tuesday of April after the morning
hoar, and from day to day until the same is dis-
posed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object to the last clause
of the resolution.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I hope the House
will allow me to make a brief statement.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman must except Fridays aud Saturdays
for private bills.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I have 110 objec-
tion to that.
The SPEAKER. A special order made by
the House, unless under a suspension of the
rules, would not prevent a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar on Fridays and Saturdays after the morning
hour.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] a question.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Certainly.
Mr. CULLOM. The gentleman in liis reso-
lution says " for other purposes." 1 wish to
inquire of the gentleman if "those other pur-
poses" would cover a bill to create a territorial
government for the Indiau territory''
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. No, sir ; it does
not refer in any way to the creation of a terri-
torial government for the Indian territory, but
simply to the question of dealing with the
Indian tribes.
If the House will allow me, I will say that
this is a very important bill, relating to the
whole question of the management of Indian
tribes iu the United States by the Government
of the United States. It has been agreed upon
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, after full
consultation with the Secretary ot the Interior
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who
deemed its provisions to be very important, and
who are anxious that it shall be acted upon
at a very early day, inasmuch as the object ot
the bill is to establish a uniform Indian pob
icy, and to save appropriations which it wonhi
be necessary for Congress to make unless this
bill shall be passed. Inasmuch as this bid
does not interfere with any other special order
made by the House, and probably will not take
