20i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Let us test it, sir. I ask you -whether if two
thirds of Congress were to propose an amend-
ment declaring that the powers of this Govern-
ment, legislative, executive,and judicial, should
not be vested in a Congress, in a President, and
in a judiciary, but should be absolutely vested in
the. oecupaui of the White House at the present
time, and.in the insanity and madness of the
hour three fourths of the States were to ratify
such a provision as that, would such a ratifica-
tion be binding on any non-assenting State?
No, sir; because the ratification would be in
conflict with the nature and character of the
Government to which the States had assented,
and contrary to the purpose and objects for
which the Government was formed.
What was the purpose and object of the form-
ation of the Federal Constitution, and of the
States in entering into it? Was it to destroy
their State organizations, to destroy their mu-
nicipal or internal power of government? No,
sir ; it was rather to secure them, because they
reserved to themselves all powers not expressly
granted; and when a proposed amendment
goes to the extent of destroying the members
to the compact, of destroying the State govern-
ments, of subverting onr complex system of
Government, State and Federal, and resolving
all power into the hands of one man, such a
ratification ceases to be binding and operative
upon a non-assenting State. If it is so in the
instance which I have named it is so if an
amendment were proposed to vest all power in
the Congress of the United States and mate
its actions sovereign over the States in every
respect. This, I admit, is not exactly germane
t o the matter before the Senate any further than
it may bo worthy of consideration in forming
a correct opinion as to the power of ratification
conferred within the spirit of the Constitution
upon three fourths of the States.
Returning, Mr. President, to the subject-mat-
ter before the Senate, what has Georgia done
that you must now try again your reconstruct-
ing power upon her? You passed an act, if I
mistake not, in June, 1808, in which Congress
stands pledged that when Georgia should per-
form certain acts therein specified her Senators
and Representatives should be admitted to
Congress, lias she performed those acts?
Your President declared in his message, de-
livered at the commencement of this session,
us follows:
"Seven States which have passed ordinances of
recession have been fully restored to their places in
the Union. Tho eighth, Georgia, held an election at
which alio ratified her constitution, republican in
torin, elcctcd 11 Governor, members of Congress, a
State Legislature, and all other officers required. The
Governor was duly installed, and tho Legislature
mot and performed all tho acts then required of them
by tho reconstruction acts of Congress. Subsequently,
however, in violation ol'tho constitution which they
had just ratified, as sinco decided by tho supreme
court of that State, they unseated tho colored mem-
bers of the Legislature."
President Grant himself acknowledged that
Georgia had done everything required of her
by your reconstruction acts of Congress. Then
she was entitled to admission, if she has to
come and knock at your door for admission.
You are not legitimate doorkeepers in this
controversy. You have no such exalted legal
position as doorkeeper of the Senate of the
IJnited States. The Constitution of the United
States alone guards that door, and you are
usurpers if such is your greed and thirst for
office as a political party that you want to
become and do become doorkeepers to the
Senate Chamber and House of Representa-
tives, to keep out or to let in whom you please.
Here is your President saying that Georgia
has done everything required of her. Oh, but
then, he says, after she did all this there were
several poor negroes turned out of the Legis-
lature ; and now you who love and cherish the
African race so well, you the great political
humanitarians of tho age, you who may find
that the vote of the African race i.< necessary
for your continuance in power, are appealed to
by your chosen leader to legislate further in
reference to Georgia ; and lo and behold, you
implicitly obey his commands, and here is a bill
before us to do the bidding of the Executive !
Mr. President, is it the desire of Congress,
is it the honest wish of Congress that the
people of Georgia may, if you please, recon- j
struct themselves? Are you willing to jet ]
thera perform this great work of self-building
up and self-qualification for the discharge of
political trusts? What did the Legislature of
Georgia do after these negro members were
declared ineligible to seats in the Georgia
Legislature ? What did Judge Brown, that is
now, of glorious Pulaski fame, but a recon-
structed patriot and a good Republican, and
what did many of your Republican friends in
Georgia do before tho election of the Legis-
lature ? If I have not been misinformed tliey
declared before the people of Georgia thatwhile
negroes would have the right to vote, accord-
ing to the constitution of Georgia which had
been framed negroes could not hold office, and
they advocated the adoption of the constitu-
tion framed by the convention of Georgia uuder
your reconstruction acts 011 that ground, and
it was adopted. After the Legislature was
elected and was organized this question came
up for consideration, and it was decided by the
majority of the Legislature that under the con-
stitution of Georgia—mindyou, yourfourteenth
amendment did not touch the question of tho
power to hold office, did not confer it on the
negro race—negroes were not eligible to hold
office in Georgia, although they had the right
to vote.
But it appears by the records of the Legis-
lature that when they made that decision they
passed a resolution declaring that a case should
be made for the decision of the highest legal
tribunal of Georgia in respect to that very mat-
ter, and expressed as a body their belief that
tho people of Georgia would willingly submit
to that decision, and your Governor Bullock
vetoed it, as I am informed. Here is tho reso-
lution adopted by the Legislature of Georgia
and which was vetoed by Governor Bullock,
who, lam told, now is urging Congress to recon-
struct the people over whom he claims to pre-
side as chief executive officer:
" Whereas it is believed that a judicial decision of
the question of the colored mail's right to hold office
in Georgia under theconstitutionnowin force would
restore the State to her proper position in the Union
and givo quiet throughout the State; and whereas
said question is one which the courts of the State can
properly take cognizance of; aud whereas we, the
representatives of the people of Georgia, arc unwill-
ing that any effort should be spared on our part to
biing about a state of peace and happiness to the
people and asettlcmentof thatiinportantquostion:*'
Be. it therefore,
" Resolved by ike XtnoJ.t and House of Representa-
tives of the /State of Oeorgia in General Assembly con-
vened. That a, case involving tho right of the colored
man to hold office shall as soon as the same can bo
properly brought before the supreme court of the
State bo heartland determined by said court, and
wo believe that the people of the State will, as they
have heretofore always done, in good faith abide the
decision of the highest judicial tribunal of tho State
whenever so declared."
Does that manifest any disposition on the
part of the Legislature of Georgia to do other-
wise than according to law, and according to
law as expounded by the legal tribunal over
which Judge Brown, whose loyalty you, sir,
and the members of this Senate who act polit-
ically with you, will not question, presides?
Did he not seize upon Fort Pulaski, or order it
to be done ? Did lie not assent to all the acts
of the confederacy during the progress of the
war? But has I10 not voted the Republican
ticket ever since, and was he not a member of
the Chicago convention? Can you question his
loyalty? And yet the Legislature of Georgia
is willing to submit the decision of this ques-
tion to the court over which such a man, re-
nowned through the whole course of his life
for disinterested loyalty, presides !
This resolution 1 am told Governor Bullock
vetoed. Why? Come out and tell us the
whole of this story that there is some partisan
interest to be subserved and which is underly-
ing all your actiou here. He vetoed it; but
there it stands the solemnly pledged declara-
tion of the Legislature of Georgia after the
expulsion of the negro members that they will
abide by and the people of Georgia will abide
! by that decision, and that the highest aspira-
1 tion of their souls is that all these questions
may be settled peaceably and harmoniously
so that they aud the people and the whole
South may go on in the paths of peace to pros-
perity and happiness. Why will you not agree,
gentlemen of the Senate, that they shall have
an opportunity to show their sincerity when
they meet in January next? I want the
country to understand why it is that there is
such haste in pressing this bill for the more
perfect reconstruction of tho State of Georgia.
It is, I am warranted in inferring from the
action of the Georgia Legislature and from
the circumstances which surround this case,
I that the people of Georgia through their Legis-
1 lature sliall not have an opportunity of their
j own free will to conform their legislation and
: their legislative action to the decisions of the
I courts upon this question.
; There is some screwloosein the Republican
: machine in Georgia as sure as you sit there,
sir, and I want some of our Republican friends
to tell uswhat itis. Letusknow what political
part of the machine itis that does not work well
and needs overhauling, needs a little applica-
tion, to use a rather common expression, of
congressional oil. Something is wrong with
your party machinery. If not, why press this
bill ? Why not trust the sincerity of the Georgia
Legislature ? Why not give the people of
Georgia an opportunity to determine thismatter
for themselves ?
Mr. President, I have said enough upon this
question, more than I should have done perhaps,
certainly a great deal more than I intended to
say when I arose to address the Senate. To
me, the idea of Congress proposing to readmit
a State has been one of the most absurd and
incomprehensible ideas that was ever presented
! to my mind. The idea that the creature
formed by the States, deriving all its powers
] from the States, limited in the Constitution,
| which is the common agreement of the States,
J in the exercise of its powers, aud to compara-
! tively very few powers, should assume to be
I greater than its creator, should assume to re-
i construct its creator, is to me incompreben-
I sible and absolutely absurd.
I Sir, I indulge in no prophecies in reference
I to the future, but I cannot but entertain the
j hope that however nnpropitious the past lias
j been for the accomplishment of such a great
: work, and notwithstanding the smiles of exult-
■ ation which I see upon the faces of many of
j my political opponents in this Chamber, the
; time will come when a more proper sense, a
! renewing sense of the true theory of both our
Federal and State Governments shall possess
the mind of the American people, and when,
instructed by the teachings of the fathers aud
animated by their example, they will give their
hearts and their souls to the reestablishment
and to the perpetuation of those principles of
constitutional and civil liberty under which it
was our fortune in past times to live, but of the
benefits in practice of which we are now most
unhappily deprived.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exccu-
ij tive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of the Senator
II whether we may not get a vote on the Georgia
i'j bill and dispose of that, ami then proceed to the
]: consideration of executive business?
;j ^ Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the indica-
ji tions were such as to show that there could bo
j! no immediate vote, and I supposed it likely
J that we should not be long in executive session.
|l T do not know how that may be.
ji Mr. SUMNER. But 1 ask the Senator
:! whether we might not attempt a vote now on
!j the Georgia question?
;l Mr. TRUMBULL. Several gentlemen are
■ i struggling for the floor.
'I Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
