2460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
more tlian one day or a day and a half for its
consideration by the House, I hope the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Homian] will with-
draw his objection and allow this order to be
made.
Mr. RANDALL. I would inquire what it
is which the gentleman asks ?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. To have a special
order made, without prejudice to any other
special orders.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks unani-
mous consent to report from the Committee on
Indian Affairs a bill for the reorganization of
the system for the government of the Indian
tribes, and that the same shall be made a spe-
cial order for the third Tuesday of April, al ter
1 lie morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to this being
made a special order, and I desire to state to
the House my reason for doing so. The Sen-
ate have already passed a bill, but a motion to
reconsider having been entered there the bill
has Dot yet come to this House, having the
same object in view as this bill from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. As far as I can learn
the Senate bill is much preferable in all par-
ticulars to the one which the gentleman from
Kansas [Mr. Clarke] seeks to have made a
special order. Now, ifthe gentleman will wait
until the Senate shall send that bill to the !
House, so that the two bills may be considered
together, and their respective merits discussed
and compared, I will then make no objection
to the assignment of this bill as aspecial order.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. In order to meet,
the objection made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ka.niuu,] 1 will say that 1 am
entirely willing, if the Senate shall act upon
the bill to which lie refers before this bill shall
be taken up for consideration in the House,
that he may make whatever motion lie may
deem necessary in regard to the Senate bill.
It is not my desire to conclude the judgment
of the House in any respect whatsoever; I de-
sire only that a question so important as this
Indian question, relating as it does to so large
appropriations of the public money, a question
which rarely receives a full and fair considera-
tion in the House—1 desire only that this ques-
tion shall be set down for some time when it
can be fully and fairly considered. The ques-
tion is certainly important enough, as respects
the public interests and the appropriations of
public money, to warrant its consideration by
this House.
The SPEAKER. Hoes the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. liAXDAU,] withdraw his
objection ?
Mr. RANDALL. 1 do not ; but, 1 would
like to say a word.
The SPEAKER. There is no question be-
fore the House, and debate is not in order
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to further de-
bate. The purposes of the bill seem to me
commendable. My only objection is to wasting
time in discussing the matter after objection
has been made.
FJtANCIS )•:. SlIOBBIt.
Mr. CESSNA. I call for the regular order.
Mr. MeCRARY, from the Committee of
Elections, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
112") to remove political disabilities from Fran-
cis E. Shober,of North Carolina, with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute.
The substitute, which was read, provides for
the removal of all legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the United States upon Francis
E. Shober, of North Carolina, in consequence
of his having held otliee under a pretended
government or authority in hostility to the
United States. Shober, on entering upon the
' discharge of the duties of any office to which
lie has been or may hereafter be elected or
appointed, is to take and subscribe the follow-
ing oath, instead of the oath prescribed by the
act of July 2, 1862:
I. Francis E. Shober, do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that I will support and defend the Constitution of
tho United States against all enemies, foreign and
domestic: that X will boar true faith and allegiance
to the same; that I tako this obligation freely, with-
out any mental reservation or purpose of evasion,
and tluit I will faithfully discharge tho duties of tho
ofiico upon which I am about to onter. So help mo
God.
Mr. MeCRARY. I call for the reading of
the report of tho committee.
The report was read. It states that the com-
mittee to whom was referred the petition of
Francis 13. Shober, claiming to be a member
of the House from the sixth district of North
Carolina, and to whom was also referred the
bill (H. It. No. 1123) to relievo Francis E.
Shober from the test-oath of 1802, have had
the same under consideration, and have been
instructed by the House to consider and report
whether Shober shall be permitted to take an
oath of ofliee different, from that prescribed by
the act of July 2, 1802, if found entitled prima
facia or on the merits, t.o a seat in the House.
The committee report that Shober holds a cer-
tificate in duo form and properly executed,
showing that lie has been duly elected a mem-
ber of the House from the district aforesaid;
that his right to a seat in the House is con-
tested, and the contcst is now pending before
the Committee of Elections, and has not yet
been determined or considered upon its met-
its; that Shober is prima facie entitled to tho
seat upon his certificate of election, but is un-
able to tako the oath of otliee prescribed by the 1
act, of July 2, 1802, for the reason that ho held |
the oiiice of representative in the General As- '
sembly of North Carolina under the so-called
confederate government; that he is not dis-
qualified under the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, for tho reason that he had held no olliee
prior to the rebellion. Tho committee further
state that, Mr. Shober was opposed to tho ord-
inance of secession ; and during the timo he
held a seat in the rebel Legislature of North
Carolina was regarded as favorable to the Union
cause and opposed to the more ultra war men.
The judges of the supreme court of North
Carolina, both the Senators, five of the Rep-
resentatives, and many other prominent Union
men in that State, unite in asking Congress
to grant to Shober tho desired relief. Tho
committee state that they are satisfied that
Shober was never a disutiioni.st or secessionist;
that he is now thoroughly loyal; and that it
is proper the House should follow in this case
the precedents heretofore established, and re-
lieve him from the disability imposed by the
test-oath act. The committee therefore recom-
mend the passage of the substitute, and that
when the same shall become a law Mr. Shober
be admitted to a seat without prejudice to tho
right of Nathaniel Boyden to contest the same.
Mr. MeCRARY. I ask the Clerk to read
the petition addressed by Mr. Shober to the
Congress of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the foliate nwl llouw of lieprrtiimtal ive*
ut the Congrexi of the United Stntcis:
Tho petition of Francis 10. Shober respectfully
t-hows thai lie in duly commissioned by tho Governor
of North Carolina, as a member-elect to tho Forty-
First Congress, from the sixth congressional district
of said Blute, and that his lirnno has been regularly
placed by theClerkol tho House of itoprescntativcs
upon the roll ol' members,
L'elitjonerlurtiicr .shows, however, thathehasnot
b'".n '{Ualiii"d sisa,memb:sr because of bis inability to
take tiic oath of ofiico known as the" test-oat, h/' arul
that this inability arises by reason of his having been
a member of the Legislature of JMoith Carolina dur-
j ingthewar.
Petitioner shows that, he never bore arras against
tho United States, a.nd that ho is not ineligible to
oiiice under tho provisions of thefourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution, hawng never held any
ofhee before tho war.
Petitioner further slinw3 that he is, and always has
been attached t.o tho Union of tho States; that ho
considered tho doctrine ot secession a, political her-
esy, and was prominent m his section in his resist-
ance to the secession movement. Jn the sprint ot'
3851 he zealously canvassed his county for tho Union
upon tho question of a, convention, and although
old parties there were a,boutequaliy divided, ho car-
ried the county for the Union by live hundred ma-
jority. "When a, subsequent call was madolor a con-
vention to pass an ordinance of secession, which had
thon bocomo a foregone conclusion, ho deolinad to
be a delegate to said convention, as he would not
become a party to the suicidal act.
Petitioner further shows that when tliewarwhich
ho and his friends were powerless to avert came on
ho held himsolf aloof from participation therein,
but afterward, by reason of his record for the Union,
he was elected in 1862 to a soatin tho Legislature of
his State, and while serving there ho belonged to the
minority, which though powerloss to control, was
yet enabled in some degrco to check tho violence of
the extremists in that body, who were largely in tha
ascendant.
Petitioner furthor shows that when the war term-
inated ho aoceptod all of its results in good faith,
and counseled all to alike course, and to an obsorv-
nncoof law and order and rospectfortheS'edora.l au-
thority, and in every way, where his influence could
avail, endeavored to promote harmony and peaoo.
Petitioner further shows that ho was elected to
tho Forty-First Congross by the conservative men
of ai 1 parties in his district; that ho is a loyal citizcn
to tho Union and tho Constitution, and desires above
al I things their safety and porpetuity, and will always
labor for these great onds.
Petitioner begs loavo toreforyour honorable body
to tho accompanying recommendations in connection
with the facts above recited, and most respectfully
prays for tho removal of his disability, to the end
that, bo may bo qualified n,s a member of the House
of Representatives. ,, _ . 
I1. E. SHOBSJR.
Mr. MeCRARY. I have also a recommend-
ation signed by Senators aud Representatives
of the State asking the passage of this bill;
also a recommendation signed by judges of the
supreme court of tho State, together with papers
signed by a number of other prominent gentle-
men of North Carolina and elsewhere, all join-
ing in this recommendation. I do not propose
to prolong the discussion of the bill unless
some gentleman may desire to be heard. The
time of tho House is precious, and it seems to
me the case, is a very plain ouo in view of the
precedent already established. I eall the pre-
vious question.
I The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under tho opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered .to be engrossed
aud read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
wasaccordinglyread the third time, and passed.
Mr, MeCRARY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
IfcSUU OU' A llKGrSTiilt.
Mr. INOERSOLL. 1 desire to ask the con-
sent of tho House to put on its passage a bill
which authorizes the Secretary of tho Treasury
to issue a register to a little schooner of but
twenty tons burden, owned by a citizen of the
United States in Texas. I believe the Com-
mittee on Commerce have unanimously agreed
to it; and that the Secretary of the Treasury
also recommends that it should bo passed.
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope ho is not a ship-
builder. [Laughter.]
OllDliJl Of BUSINESS.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Has tho morning hour
corn menced?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The Com-
mittee of Elections has the floor on privileged
reports.
GEOItGK \V. OREHNH.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I am
directed by the Committee of Elections to
report the following resolution :
JUsohted. That there be paid to George W. Greene,
out of tho contingent fund of tho House, the sum of
SfiOOO, in full for expenses incurred in the contested-
election case in tho eleventh congressional district
of the State of New York.
Mr. DAWES. Is the Committee of Elections
now on call?
Tho SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Is not that
a privileged report?
'The SPEAKER. It is not a privileged
report, and can only be presented, if there
be objection, under a regular call of the com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES, I object.
