CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
dunk va can dispose of the appropriation bill
to-day.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that I desire the floor this
morning because I wish to leave the town to-
morrow under an engagement I have.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CULLOM. I demand the regular order
of business.
membbrs-blkci from mississippi.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I present the
credentials of George E. Harris, J. L. Morphis,
George C. McKee, and Legrand W. Perce,
members-elect from the first, second, fourth,
and fifth districts respectively of the State of
Mississippi, which have been examined and
approved by the Committee of Elections, and
1 move that they be sworn in. Some of these
gentlemen will take the oath prescribed by the
act of 1868.
Mr. McKee and Mr. Peece presented them-
selves and qualified by taking the oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 2, 1862 ; and Mr.
Harris and Mr. Morphis', by taking the oath
prescribed by the act of July 11, 1868.
treasury .department.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of
the United States, reported back House bill
No. 902, limiting the appointment of certain
officers in the Treasury Department, with a
substitute ; which was ordered to be printed
and recommitted.
bankrupt law.
Mr. POLAND also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back House
bill No. 386, to amend an act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United^ States, approved March 2, 1867, with
a substitute ; which was ordered to be printed
and recommitted.
punishment Of chimes.
Mr. POLAND also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back House
bill No. 1039, to amend the act entitled " An
act in addition to the act for the punishment
of certain crimes against the United States,
and to repeal the acts mentioned therein,"
approved April 20,1818, and moved that it be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
steamboats owned in loyal states.
Mr. POLAND also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
relative to steamboats and other vessels owned
in the loyal States and taken by the Govern-
ment without the consent of the owners during
the war, &c.; which, with the report of the
committee, was laid on the table, and the report
ordered to he printed in the Globe.
The report of the committee is as follows:
The Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, to whom was referred a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury relative to
steamboats and other vessels owned in the loyal
States and taken bytheGovernmentwithout thecon-
sent of the owners during the war, and suggesting
that thejoint resolution of December 23,1869, upon
that subject be repealed or modified, have bad. the
same under consideration and report thereon as fol-
lows:
Thejoint resolution of December 23,1869, modifies
and limits the act of February 19,1867.
The last-named act, as construed by Attorney Gen-
eral Staubery, prohibits all departments of the Gov-
ernment from making any settlement or payment for
property, or the use of property, taken Dy the mili-
tary authorities for the use of the Army during the
late war in any State which passed an ordinance of
secession, or was declared in insurrection by the
proclamation of July 1,1862, without regard to the
loyalty or disloyalty of the owner, or his residence
in a loyal or disloyal State; or whether the property
was taken by eontract or against the will of the
owner, or the manner in which the property came to
be within rebel territory. The joint resolution of
December 23,1869, modifies the aot of February 19,
leu/, totnis extent: where steamboats belonging to
*n. l°yal States, wore taken into
Tu by the Government itself, by con-
tract with the owners, or taken there by the owners
I themselves by the license and permission of the Gov- |
| ernment, and being thus lawfully there wero im-
I pressed into the transportation service of the Army ]
I and lost therein, to allow claims therefor to be pre- :
1 sented to and settled by the accounting officers of :
the Government in the same manner they were prior ]
to-said act of 1867, and unaffected thereby. Prior to '
tho act of July 4,1864, such claims might have been
prosecuted against the Government in tho Court of
Claims, but that act took away tho jurisdiction of I
that court over all claims for property appropriated, !
damaged, or destroyed by tho Army or Navy during j
the war, and this without regard to tho residence of
the owner, his loyal ty or disloyalty, or whether taken
in a loyal or disloyal State. Provision was made in
! the same act for the allowance by the quarterinas-
I ter's and subsistence departments for supplies fur-
nished to tho Army by loyal men living in loyal
! States. Claims of the character now under consid-
eration oontinued to be settled up to the passage of
the act of February 19,1867, by the accounting officers
of the Government, and, the committee are informed,
to some extent afterward, until the promulgation of
Attorney General Stanbery's opinion of February 4,
1868. Whether the viow taken by the Attorney Gen-
eral of tho true legal effect of that act be technically
correct or not tho committee find no occasion to ,
express an opinion. Whether the class of cases now
excepted out of the act of February 19,1867, by the
joint resolution in question wero literally and tech- !
nieally covered by that act, and their settlement and
payment prohibited by it, it is clear that they were
not within the purpose and spirit of that law, and
were not of tho class that act was designed to pro-
hibit.
None of the legislation of Congress upon the sub-
ject of paying or not paying for property taken for
the use of the Army has, as tho committee suppose,
been designed to be in disregard of the constitutional
provision that " private property shall not be taken
for public use without just compensation."
During the existence of the war it was impossible
for the Court of Claims, or any governmental Depart-
ment, to be allowed to adjudicate claims against the
Government arising in that portion of tho country
which was in armed hostility against it. It was
impossible then to determine with any certainty
whether the claimants were friends or foes; whether
they had aided in bringing the great calamity upon
the country, or whether they were innocent sufferers
by it. The condition of things also prevented the
ascertainment of all facts necessary to a safe and
proper adjustment. Since the close of the war Con-
gress has hitherto refused to allow any of its tribu-
nals to have jurisdiction to allow claims for property
taken for the use of the Army in the disloyal States
where the owners continued personally loyal to the
Government. Whether payment of such claims can
justly and constitutionally be withheld by the Gov-
ernment, upon the ground that all persons residing
within the insurrectionary States were in a legal
sense public enemies, is a question the committee
have no occasion to enter upon in this connection.
The committee are satisfied that the omission of
Congress thus far to make any provision for the set-
tlement and payment of such claims has not been
on the ground of any general acquiescence in the
ground of objection above referred to, but on other
grounds wholly. The magnitude of the war and
its long_ continuance caused immense wasto and
destruction of property, both of loyal and disloyal
owners. Such losses the Government is under no
obligation to pay, and cannot pay, and the sufferers,
whether friends or enemies of the Government, must
each bear his part of the loss, as if caused by fire or
flood.
If the Government could be held responsible for
tho direct loss and destruction caused by the war,
they would be equally liable for the indirect, the
losses by derangements in business, ice. It is often
difficult to determine whether property taken by an
army in its course is an appropriation for public use
or mere waste and destruction of war. Many cases
of the latter character could easily be converted into
the former by a skillful, interested claimant, with
tho aid of sympathizing friends and neighbors for
witnesses.
An objection, probably still more potent, to open-
ing the door to payment of claims of even loyal
men who-were residents in disloyal communities,
is the danger that thereby the Government would
be subjected to pay many where the claimants were
really unworthy and disloyal, and were really abet-
tors instead of sufferers in the rebellion. Experi-
ence has already shown that every man who was
resident in the South who was not engaged in active
armed hostility against the Government can easily
prove himself to have been a good Union man; and
many who did actively support the rebellion, estab-
lish very respectable characters for loyalty on the
ground that their disloyal acts were caused by coer-
cion or duress.
Tho committee believe these considerations to
have been mainly operative with Congress, although
the doctrine that true Union men residing in tna
South, whose property was appropriated to the use
of tho Army, have no legal or just claim to be com-
pensated therefor, has its supporters. The class of
cases for which thejoint resolution in question pro-
vides ire open to none of these objections. In a
certain sense, these boats are taken in States de-
clared to bo in insurrection, but necessarily it must
be in those portions of them that were in our mili-
tary occupation.
In order to justify a settlement or payment itmust
be shown that the vessel came into such insorrec~
tionary State either under a direct contract with and
in the serviceof the Government, orthat it was taken
there by the permission and authority of the Govern-
| meiit. It must also be shown that the vessel was im-
1 pressed into the Government service by proper
' military authority.
! Now, all these matters nro such as must necessa-
rily appear by public, authentic, documentary evi-
dcncc, and as little danger of false and fraudulent
claims can bo apprehended as of any class of claims
| which can be made against tho Government. The
; Secretary suggests that in the course of proceeding
by the accounting officers of the Government tbeir
means of determining tho loyalty of the owners and
the value of the vossels aroinsufficient. As already
! said, tho owner must be a resident of a loyal State or
his claim cannot be allowed; his vessel must have
pono from a loyal State by contract with or permis-
sion from tho Government. If the vessel had been
impressed into service within tho limits of a loyal
State the claim would not have come under the
exclusion of the act of 1867.
But would not the questions of the loyalty of the
owner and the valuo of the vessel have been pre-
cisely the same, and determined upon exactly the
same character of proof, in the one case as the other?
It is precisely the same mode of proceeding, and
upon the same character of proof, that is applied to
all claims made before the accounting officers of the
Government. The act of 1849, in providing for the
settlement of this class of claims arising in the War
Department, provides that tho Secretary of War
shall establish rules to govern their allowance. These
rules aro very strict in their character, und if ob-
served (and it is not suggested that they have not
been) a false claim could hardly bo allowed except
upon false and fraudulent official reports. Upon a
careful consideration of this whole subjcct tho com-
mittee are unanimously of opinion that tho difficul-
ties suggested by the Secretary in his communica-
tion have no more or better application to tho cases
covered by this joint resolution than to nil claims
settled in the Departments, and that if valid this
whole mode of settling Government liabilities should
bo abandoned.
It is suggested by the Secretary that a lnw be passed
sending all these cases pending in the Department
to the Court of Claims, to bo there litigated, where
the Government can appear in due form as a litigant.
It should bo borne in mind that Congress took
away tho jurisdiction of tho Court of Claims over
these cases long before it did that of tho Depart-
ments.
Most of these cases were presented to the Depart-
ment, and all tho proofs prepared and filed, while
the Department had full jurisdiction to settle and
adjust thorn.
Many of theso cases occurred more than six, and
all of them at least five years ago.
All of them have been pending a long time in the
Departments, and every possiblo opportunity has
been afforded the officers of tho Government to
examine into the question of the loyalty of the own-
ers, or any other question affecting their right to be
paid. If this has not been done it is still open to
the Secretary of War, in whose Department theso
claims originated, to direct that tho case be reheard
by tho accounting officers, and to furnish any new
facts bearing upon the case.
Under theso circumstances, and after the weary
delay theso claimants have endured, to turn them
over to take their places at the foot of the calendar
of the Court of Claims for a fresh litigation, we feel
would be a mockery of justice.
In considering this subject at the time the original
joint resolution was before us, and upon this recon-
sideration of the subject, the committee have had
occasion to look into some of the cases pending in
the Department. So far as the particular facts have
thus come to us the cases seem to bo most meritori-
ous and just. If the officers of the Government know
any infirmity in any of them they havo yet an oppor-
tunity to make it appear before the accounting offi-
cers, and it has not been suggested that they ever
intentionally erred against tho Government.
The Secretary in his communication states that
he has suspended action in these cases, to await the
result of a reconsideration by Congress.
It cannot be doubted but that tho Secretary of the
Treasury has ordered such suspension upon the sin-
cere belief that such reconsideration was necessary
and such suspension proper.
Upon a most careful reconsideration of the subject
the committee are unanimously of opinion tbat the
joint resolution should not be repealed and needs no
modification.
Upon what precise ground of authority the Secre-
tary has directed a suspension of proceedings under
it the committee aro not informed. These claims
arose in the War Department, and if the Secretary
of War shall be dissatisfied with the findings of tho
accounting officers in any of the cases he can direct
a rehearing.
This is the extent of authority of any head of De-
partment over these accounting officers, as the com-
mittee understand tho act of March 30,1868.
The committee therefore ask to be discharged from
thofnrther consideration of said communication, and
that the same be laid on the table.
lands in dakota.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No, 1322) to prevent the
further sale of the public lands in the Territory
of Dakota except as provided for in the pre-
emption and homestead laws and the lawB for
disposing of town sites and mineral lands ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
