1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2461
GENEKAL 0 0. HOWARD.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. WOOD. Ten minutes.
ihe SPEAKER. Is there objection to
granting unanimous consent to the gentleman
from Mew York for ten minutes to makes
personal explanation ?
There was no objection.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, when the bill
proposing to -abolish the Freedmen's Bureau
was under discussion in the House a few days
ago I made a remark in my seat which has
attracted the attention of the Commissioner of
that bureau, who has written me a letter which
I desire to have read by the Clerk, and upon
which I desire to make a few words of com-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
"War Depaktmext,
Bckeau Refugees, Fkeedmes.
and Abandoned Lands.
Washington City, April 1,18ro.
Deak Sie : By this morning's Chroniclo you ri.ro
made to intimate that I have grown rich from this
bureau, and that the bill proposed on education was
to enable me to control $600,000 more. X do not think
you can have said it, because if you know my finan-
cial condition you will know that X have a large
iamily, a small property, and considerable indebted-
ness, and as the bill proposed to take from me the
SGU0.0Q0 and put it into the Bureau of Education I
nannot think you made tho remark. I have dis-
charged the trust committed to mo with fidelity, as
youyourself would say it youshould give every trans-
action the most thorough examination.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. 0. HOWARD,
ComniiasLoner Freedmen's Bureau.
Hon. Eeknando Wood.
Mr. AENELL. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire whether this is in order?
Mr. SPEAKER, The gentleman from New
York has the floor by unanimous consent.
Mr. WOOD. The Commissioner lias been
correctly iul'ormed, and the reported remark
attributed to myself is entirely correct. 1 did
day General Howard had grown rich through
the Freedmen's Bureau, and that I thought this
bill was intended to give him the control of
$600,000 more, 1 have no wish to do General
Howard any injustice, or any other gentleman,
or any person certainly holding the professional
and official position of this gentleman. What
I said was founded upon a tirm conviction of
its truth. It was founded upon common report
and common rumor, and I will now detain the
House but a very few minutes in stating what
I believe to be true as respects the mode and
manner in which the Commissioner has dis-
charged this important trust we are no# about
to take from him. By his own official report
transmitted to Congress he has disbursed indi-
vidually through the bureau $12,905,350. lie
has had the absolute control of that bureau.
He has, from the character of the statutes which
were passed for the purpose of aiding the
freedmen, had the personal disposition of this
large sum of money, and he is therefore per-
sonally responsible for the mode and manner
in which that money has been disbursed.
Now, as this letter appears to challenge in-
vestigation as to the manner in which he has
discharged that duty, and as by the bill which
passed this House yesterday it is alleged we
are about to deprive him of the control of this
fund, I think, for the reasons X will here state
and the allegations I desire to present, the
House should authorize an investigation into
these transactions and into the discharge of
his official duties. Therefore, upon informa-
tion and belief, I charge that General O. O.
Howard, Commissioner of the Bureau of Ref-
ugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, has
been guilty of malversation and dereliction of
duty, inasmuch as—
First. That ho has taken from the appropriations
made lor, and the receipts of, that bureau more than
live hundred thousand dollars, improperlyand with-
out authority oi law, for tho Howard Lmversity,
hospital, and lands.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the Chair will protect
me. The House has granted consent that I
should make this explanation, and I doubt
whether it can now take the i-esponsibility of
depriving me of the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
will state his point of order.
Mr. HALE. _ I make the point of order that
the gentleman is now proceeding, not as speak-
ing to a question of privilege, but simply as
making an assault on a gentleman not a mem-
ber of this House.
The SPEAKER. It has been decided over
and over again that when the House gives its
unanimous consent to a personal explanation
the member who has the privilege granted him
may employ his time in whatever mode he
chooses, subject to the rules j that; he may
employ his time in attacking anybody outside
of Congress that he chooses.
Mr. WOOD. I resume the statement of tue
charges which I submit:
Second. That portions of the land alleged to have
been sold for tho benefit tho Howard University
lund wero disposed of improperly to members of his
own family and officers of his stall.
Third. That bond3 issued in aid of the First
Congregational church ot the city of Washington
were taken m payment tor a portion ot this land,
which have not yet been redeemed or paid, nor
have they been returned in his official accounts as
such.
Fourth. That the university building and hospital
wero built of patent bn^k furnished by the Amer-
ican liuilding-lUock Company; in which General
Howard, Charles Howard, Ueneral E. Whittlesey,
and 0. \V. Alvord, all attached to the bureau, were
interested as stockholders.
Fifth. That the specifications for tho construction
of those building? provided that the material used m
their erection should be taken from the brick made
by this company; thus preventing competition, and
securing tho use of that brick, and no other, lor that
purpose.
Sixth. That tho brick so used was unfit and nearly
worthless; parts oi the building have lalien down in
consequence, and other parts have since been re-
paired aad icbuilt, at an expense of $13,1)00.
Seventh. That by his consent and with his knowl-
edge lumber belonging to the Government was used
by this company and appropriated to its own benefit,
being resold to its employes.
Evjhth. That ho pays rent to the Howard Univer-
sity irom the iunds of the bureau lor the privilege
of a headquarters.
JMnth. That he draws three salaries, namely-, one
as a brigadier general in tho United Slates Army,
another as Commissioner ot the Freedmen's Bureau,
and a thud a  head of the Howard University.
Tenth. That ho has paid from, the iunds of the
bureau over iorfy thousand dollars for the construc-
tion oi the rirstCongrcg.Uionahst church, in this city,
taking tho church oonds in return, which he has
cither returned in his accounts as cash on hand, or
sent South lor the purposes of the bureau.
Eleventh. lie has advanced a largo sum from tho
funds ot the bureau to tho Young Men's Christian
Association of this city, taking their bonds in pay-
ment, which have been sent to Tennessee to help the
freedmen's schools in that State.
Twelfth. That he caused or knowingly allowed
lands m this city, owned by an officer of tho bureau,
to be trausl'ened to a iVeeduJun's school in North
Carolina; the officer takingfhomoney appropriated
lor that school, and the school lands in this city;
thus perpetrating alraud botn upon the Government
and the freedmen.
Thirteenth. That he was interested in tho purchase
of a farm of about three hundred acres near the
lunatic asylum in this county, for which the public
funds and other property of tho Government were
used. Buildings were erected thereon- built of lum-
ber brought hero by the Government, and then let or
sold to ireedmen ah exorbitant prices; and that ho
and his brother, Charles Howard, wero personally
interested in this transaction as a private pecuniary
speculation.
Fourteenth. IIo has discharged the duties of the ;
ofhee of Commissioner of the bureau with extrava- i
gance,negligence, and in tne interests of himseliand j;
family and intimate friends. ^ i:
Fifteenth. That he is one of a ring known as the ;■
"Freedmen's Bureau ring," whoso connections and j
influences with the lreedmen's savings-banks, the
freedmen's schools of tho South, tho political ma-
chinery of aparty in the southern Slates: and whose
position has been to devote theoffteia! authority and ■■
power of the bureau to personal and political piolit. :
And I now offer the following resolution ;
Uexolvcd, That the Committee on Freedmen's ;
Anairs be directed to examine into and_ report J
whether General O. O. Howard, the Commissioner ;
of tho Bureau of Ketugecs, Freedmen, and Aban- :
doned Lands, has managed the funds intrusted to
him as Commissioner with iutc^nty, aud whether 1
moneys appropriated for and received by the 1
bureau have not been diverted to other purposes ;
than those directed by law; and for tuis purpose it ;
is authorized to examine tho accounts m the office j
of the bureau in this city, to send tor persons and j
papers, and to report at any time. i
It does not if the gentle-
Mr. MAYNARD, I rise to a point of order.
I ask whether unanimous consent given to the
gentleman from New York to make a personal
explanation extends to allowing him to intro-
duce a resolution?
The SPEAKER.
man objects.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I object.
Mr. WOOD. I have offered this resolution
in order that a committee unanimously Repub-
lican in its politics, of which the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. DoCKery] is chair-
man, and on which there is not a Democratic
member, may investigate these charges which
I have preferred against this gentleman ; and
I doubt whether the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynaud]j will take the personal or polit-
ical responsibility of keeping out this resolu-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will take the personal
and political responsibility of what I do—using
the words in as broad a sense as the gentleman
may desire—as I do of any other action of mine
in this House.
Mr. WOOD. I have offered my resolution,
and the majority of the House may take the
responsibility of dealing with it as they please.
Mr. DAWES. After the statement made by
the gentleman from New York I think unani-
mous consent should be given to have the
whole matter of these charges against the Com-
missioner of Freedmen's Affairs referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor, with in-
structions to investigate it and to send for per-
sons and papers. 1 make that motion.
Mr. PETERS. J hope no gentleman will
object to that. As a Representative of the
State of Maine, which is proud of the name
of General O. O. Howard, I trust that those
charges, in which there is no truth, shall be
lully investigated.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the matter is referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor,
which is now charged with the business on
which these charges are founded, I have no
objection.
Mr. DAWES. I have made the motion,
animated by the same spirit as the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Peters] who has just given
expression to his sentiments. Being fully con-
fident of the integrity of General O. O. How-
ard 1 think it is due to him and to the coun-
try that when any member of this House, on
his responsibility, makes charges of that char-
acter against a gentleman occupying such a
position, a committee of tho House should be
authorized to have full power to investigate
them.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to say a word. These
charges refer to matters which have come so
much within the cognizance of the Commit-
tee on Freedmen's Affairs, that I ask that that
committee be allowed to make the investiga-
tion.
Mr. PETERS. I am satisfied that General
Howard would have no objection to these
charges being fally investigated by any com-
mittee of this House. And I say on his behalf
that I believe he was never guilty of any falsity
or wrong, or of any foolish action, if it be not
the addressing a letter to such a quarter, as it
appears this morning he has done.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the House will unani-
mously pass my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman Irom New York is not before the House.
Mr. DAWES. 1 ask unanimous consent to
make the motion I have indicated.
Mr. PETERS. And I hope nobody will
object to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to be heard for a
moment upon this question.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will yield I o the gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. I only desire to say that
I trust there will be no objection whatever made
to this reference and to this investigation. I ap-
prehend that nobody upon this floor who knows
General Howard feels any doubt what that
result must be—a complete exculpation and
