1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois lias moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business, and
he persists in the motion.
Mr, CARPENTER.. I shall not oppose that
motion.. I.desire simply to say that it is very
important that this Georgia bill should be
passed to-night, and I trust the friends of the
bill will remain and after a short executive
session return to the consideration of the bill,
and if possible sit it oat and pass it to-night.
It is due to the people of Georgia and it is
due to our friends on the other side, who will
be very.unhappy as long as this discussion is
protracted, to determine it as soon as possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to.
ninth census.
The VICE PRESIDENT. While the doors
are being closed the Chair will lay before the
Senate a bill for reference.
The bill (H. R. No. 424) to provide for tak-
ing the ninth census of the United States was
read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what com-
mittee shall this bill be referred ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it lie on the tabic for
the present.
_ Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that it be printed
in the mean time.
Mr. SUMNER. It will be printed, of course.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
sate ok lands in calhoun i a..
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
also state that yesterday the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] objected to the reference
of the joint resolution (II. R. No. 8G) in regard
to the suspension jsf tho sale of certain lands
in California, supposing it should go to tho
Committee ou Retrenchment. Ho has since
informed the Chair that lie was mistaken in
the resolution, and he thinks that it should go
to tho Committee on Public Lands.
_ Mr. STEWART. Is it the joint resolution
in regard to suspending an order oKthe Secre-
tary ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes,' sir.
Mr. STEWART. A similar resolution has
been considered by the Committee on tho
Pacific Railroad, and there is no necessity for
a reference of that resolution, f suggest thai
it lie on the table until called up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Jt will lie on the
table.
kxecutive hussion.
_ The Senate then proceeded to tho considera-
tion of executive business; and after some time
spent therein, tho doors were reopened.
STATE OP OKOIUHA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed tho consideration of the bill (S. No.
28J) to perfect the reconstruction of Georgia.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, in tho
course of (he debate on this bill yeslerday I
think I understood the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] to say that it was the habit
of members of the Senate in speaking to any
question to speak about everything else except
the question directly before the Senate. 1
shall endeavor not to occupy one moment more
than is necessary to present to the Senate one
single point, and that point directly to the
question now before the Senate. That ques-
tion is the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] to Senate bill No 281,
entitled "A bill to perfect tho reconstruction
of the State of Georgia." I should like to
have that amendment read.
.The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment.
The Secretary. The amendment is to
strike out the eighth section of the bill after
the enacting clause, in the following words;
That the Legislature of Georgia shall bo regarded
as provisional only until tho further action of Con-
gress.
And in lieu of these words to insert:
That tbe Le^ialaturofbatl bo provisional only, and
until after it has ratified tho fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution of tho United States,
and Senators and Representatives in Congress from
tho tetatc of Georgia havo been admitted to their
seah.
Mr. STOCKTON. By the bill No. 281, as
I said, entitled "A bill to perfect the recon-
struction ot Georgia," Georgia is supposed to
be a State out of the Union which can only be
admitted by aid of the reconstruction laws;
and by the candid admission of the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] and others it is
claimed that Georgia must be humiliated, and
that Georgia must be made to feel her humil-
iation, before she can be restored oris fit to
take het place among her sister States. The
military commander is to issue a proclamation
convening in tho State-house at the capital of
that State, on the second Wednesday of Jan-
uary, 1870, all persons shown to have been
elected to the Legislature of that State by the
proclamation of Major General George G.
Meade, dated June 25, 18(18.
It is provided in section two of the bill—
that it ftfler llieii- or;?nn i v:i t inn ha* boon com -
pletou and urn-opted by tho military commander, its
provided m tho i>n>co<ling Koelion, thu Legislature
thus organized shall uiduofoim ratify the amend-
ments to tho Constitution of the United Slates liuown
(is the-fourteenth and Millionth, and shall mail thinu-s
comply with tho conditions in escribed by tho act of
coiikitss providing l'or (he reconstruction of tho lalo
rebel Mates, tho Stale of Gcorstin shall bo entitled to
lull representation in the CoiiKt-cs-f. of the United
btaies.
The Legislature of Georgia, Mr. President,
is to be provisional—provisional only and until
after it lias ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments. 'The distinguished Senator from
Michigan yesterday in his legal examination
of this question, and willi the approval, I think,
o( his party friends around him, said there
was no coercion in this; (hat if Georgia did
not accept she did not become a State and was
not admitted, but it was at her option to accept I
or not as sho saw lit; she could do as she |
pleased. Other Senators on tho same side, if j
1 recollect rightly, havo elaimcd and avowed '
the right to coerce the State to the adoption
of Iheso amendments.
Now, let me remind you, Mr. President, and
remind tho Senate, that when the bill for the
admission ofthe States of Mississippi, Virginia,
and Texas was before the Senate at its last
session the Senator from Indiana offered an
amendment in wliieh he provided that after
those States were admitted, after they were
reconstructed, after they were States 'in full
communion, but before they were admitted to
sull'rage, they should adopt this fifteenth con-
stitutional amendment. It was charged at that
time on this floor that that was an attempt to
coerce sovereign States; that il was impossi-
ble, that it could not be done, that there was
no power which could make that a part of the
Constitution of the United States unless the
requisite number of States adopted it when
lelt to their free choice. The view the gentle-
men off ho majority took was that these Slates
were out of tho Union, and although that might,
be true on their own ground, on their own
principle, by their bill they readmitted them,
rehabilitated them, and made them Stales m
all respects ns their sister States, except that
they deprived them of suffrage and made the
adoption of a constitutional amendment by
them a condition-precedent to suffrage.
^ Mr. President, the Constitution ofthe United
States says that no State shall be deprived of
its suffrage in the Senate without its consent.
It was charged homo upon these gentlemen
that tho fifteenth constitutional amendment
could notbe adopted ill that way ; and the argu-
ments seem to have weight: the arguments in
the country since the last session seem to have
had weight, for now the distinguished Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Cmipextek.] the distin-
guished Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
munds,] and other Senators think that that
matter had better be left to Georgia. They say
that Georgia cannot come in unless she does
adopt the amendment, but they do not propose
to force her in the way here proposed.
The Senator from Indiana, however, comes
and proposes what? That before Georgia ia a
sovereign State according to his theory, before
she is admitted, while her government is a pro-
visional government, while she is under mili-
tary government, she shall adopt this fifteenth
amendment. That is the point I wish to bring
distinctly before the Senate. First, you pro-
posed in the case of Mississippi, Virginia, and
Texas that after they were sovereign States
you would coerce them, coerce them by depriv-
ing them of suffrage; and now you propose
before Georgia is a sovereign State, while she
has only a provisional government, to coerce
her, and provide that she can become a State
only in case she adopts it. How, then, can she
adopt it? The Constitution of the United
States was adopted by all the States. It never
could havebeen a Constitution forall except by
tho ratification of every individual State ; and I
avow as a principle of government that a com-
pact made in that way cannot be severed ex-
cept by tho consent of all; and any man who
makes a different proposition, any Senator who
does not admit that, maintains tho right of
secession. I have always denied the right of
secession, and 1 deny it upon that principle,
that every State which entered voluntarily into
this compact has a right to hold every other
State to tho compact, anditcannot be dissolved
except by unanimous consent, nor could it be
altered except by the same consent if there
were not a different provision made on the sub-
ject by tho authority of all.
Tho Constitution provided within itself how
it should be altered. Three fourths of tho
Stales may alter it; but why ? Because the
assent given beforehand was that tho whole
should speak by the voice of three fourths; and
it is because and alone because it is the voice
ol all that the Constitution can be amended.
In a legislative body it is a well known princi-
ple that the voice of tho majority without any
previous rule made is the voice of all. Every
bill that passes Congress is-the unanimous ex-
pression ol Congress ; and yet you may agree
by your rules that you will require larger ma-
jorities in some cases than others, or that in
some cases aplurahty may govern. So in this
instrument, which required for its alteration
unanimous consent, it was declared how that
consent should be given by the votes of three
fourths ofthe States.
Now, Mr. President, let me ask how it is
possible to reconcile the two theories with one
another. If tho Senator from Indiana is right
now, and if this Congress adopts this bill with
his amendment, then I say it is a declaration
by Congress that the Slates of Mississippi,
v 11-gima, and Texas cannot ratify the fifteenth
amendment in the position in whicli they are
now held under duress. It is admitted that if
the Constitution means anything when it says
that no Stale shall be deprived of suffrage
without its consent you cannot create States
by your own theory and deprive them of suf-
frage.
I hold, with the distinguished Senator who
has addressed the Senate at length this morn-
that these States have never been out of
the union, that they could not go out of the
union, that they have always been in the
Union ; but I say that when you start on the
ieory of their governments being provisional
ana military governments, and then calling
those military governments, those temporary
governments together by the military com-
mander ot a division to act upon a constitu-
lonaj amendment, you are depriving my State
and the btate of Ohio and all the rest of the
otutes ivho have never been in rebellion or
tainted with it of their rights.
Mr. President, if this affected Georgia alone
I might nor, raise my voiee in the Senate in
regard to it; but it is not Georgia alone, it is
New Jersey, it is Ohio that you are touching
