1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5293
tion through its manufactured. Sir, we cannot
send one dollar of goods out of the country to
compete with any nation on earth. The basis,
for our inquiry is to understand where is the
difficulty that we are unable to compete, hav>
ing mines without cost, lands in our hands
which we are willing to give away, everything
supplied to us by nature without cost, and still
cannot compete with any nation on earth,
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to say just one word?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Certainly.
Mf. SAULSBURY. 1 understand that the
honorable Senator from Arkansas wishes to
ask to have his bill recommitted to. the Com-
mittee on Post Offices ^nd Post Roads- I
presume the Senate will agree to that, and if
so, it will shorten the present proceeding.
Mr. McDONALD. As there appears to be
a misunderstanding about the intent of this
bill in reference to the lands, and also in
regard to section four, and as I have but one
object in view, and that is to perfect the bill
so that it will be satisfactory to the Senate
and encourage what it is intended to do, I ask
that it be recommitted to the Committee on
Post Offices apd Post Roads, for the purpose
of perfecting the bill,
Mr. POMEROY. I think if the bill is recom-
mitted the committee can very soon perfect
it and report it back.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The qaes-
tion is on recommitting the bill to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FOWLER-. It strikes me the bill had
better be committed to some other committee,
say the committee on Naval Affairs. It seems
to me to be about as appropriate to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and much more so to
the Committee on Commerce, than to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. How-
ever, that is a secondary matter; I do not care
where it goes ; but it strikes me that would be
the better reference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business
Mr. NYE. If the evening is to be devoted
to the discussion of these steamship lines, I
move to take up the line from-—
Mr. SUMNER. Ibegto remind my friend
that it was understood that the Massachusetts
claims bill should be taken up next.
Mr. NYE. No ; there are two other lines
which were to be considered this evening.
Mr. SUMNER. One other was to come up
after the Massachusetts claims bill. That was
the understanding.
Mr. NYE. That means some time after the
session; because, judging from former efforts
and discussions ot that bill, it will take the
rest of the session.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Massachusetts
bill was to come up next.
Mr. KELLOGG. There was an express
understanding upon that point 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question before the Senate. Does the Senator
from Nevada make any motion?
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 210-1) providing for refunding the interest
paid by the State of Massachusetts on money
expended by her on account of the war of 1812.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President, we re-
mained here last night until after twelve
o'clock. We came here again to-day at eleven
o'clock. It is now a quarter to ten. I move
that the Senate do now adjourn. ["Nol"
"No!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 19, noes 26.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask for the yeas and
nays. It is well understood that several Sen-
ators who are opposed to this bill are absent.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 1G, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly. Corbett, Davis,
Fowler, Johnston, Prat t, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sher-
man. Spencer. Sprague, Stockton, Tipton, Yiekers,
and Willey—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Cole,
Coukhng, Drake, Fenton, (xiibert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Harris, llowe, Kellogsr, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Nyo. Osborn, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Itamsey, Bice, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sum-
ner. Thayer, Williams, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Catteli, Chandler, Cragin,
Edjnunds, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, -
Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Howell, Lewis, Me-
Creery, Morton, Norton. Bevels, Rehurz, Stewart,
Thurman, Trumbull, Warner, and Yates—26.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on proceeding to the consideration of the
bill designated by the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. BAYARD. Does that require unan-
imous consent?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisasimple
motion that can be adopted by a majority vote.
Mr. KELLOGG. I was about to say that I
dislike very much to interfere with my distin-
guished friend from Massachusetts, whom I
always like to accommodate in everything; but,
for my part, I understood, and I think in con-
junction with other Senators at least, that this
evening was to be devoted exclusively to the
consideration of bills having regard to mail
steamships. I understood that the bill of the
Senator from Arkansas was to be first consid-
ered, and after that was disposed of, that the
bill authorizing mail steamship service in the
Gulf of Mexico between the port of New
Orleans and certain ports of the republic of
Mexico should be considered. That was my
understanding.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Louisiana is
mistaken in the order of busin'ess. The bill (S.
No. 736) to authorize the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the Uni-
ted States and Australia was to take precedence
of his, and to come in next after the Oriental
steamship bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. That is the question before the
Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state to the Sen-
ate what I think is the precise state of this
matter. The Senator from Arkansas rose in his
seat two or three days ago to submit a motion
that the evening after the tax bill should be
disposed of the steamship bill, which has been
up here this evening, should be considered. I
rose in my place and asked hi in to adopt as a
part of his motion the consideration of this bill
which the Senator from Massachusetts now asks
to have considered. The Senator from Cali-
fornia rose and moved also the Australian
steamship bill, and iu that way it was put to
the Senate, either by vote or by unanimous
consent. I ask the Senator from Nebraska if
I am riot, right?
Mr. THAY'ER. The honorable Senator from
Maine has stated the facts exactly. Yester-
day I renewed the motion of the Senator from
Arkansas, and referred to these three bills in
their order, the Oriental steamship bill, the
Massachusetts claims bill, and the Australian
steamship bill. That was the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of (be Senator from Massa-
chusetts, to proceed to the consideration of
the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
massachusetts claims.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2104)
providing for refunding the interest paid by
the State of Massachusetts on money expended
by her on account of the war ot 1812—15. It
proposes to allow on the claim of the State
of Massachusetts, for interest paid by her on
money expended by the State on account of
the war with Great Britain in 1812-15, the
sum of $678,362 41 in full. As by an arrange-
ment made by the State of Massachusetts and
the State of Maine, at the time of their separ-
ation in 1820, the State of Maine becomes the
owner of one third of this claim, and both of
those States have assigned their respective in-
terests to the European and North American
Railway Company of Maine, to aid that com-
pany in constructing its line of railway, the
Secretary of, the Treasury is directed to pay
one third part of the claim to the State of
Maine, and the other two thirds part to the
State of Massachusetts, by an issue to each of
those States, for the ug^f- nnd benefit of the
European and North American Railway Com-
pany, of an amount of United States certificates
"of indebtedness equal to its share in the whole
sum allowed and to be paid. These certifi-
cates are to be of the denomination of $1,000
each, to be made and issued by the Secretary
of the Treasury in such form, and signed, at-
tested, and registered, as he shall direct, and
with or without interest warrants as he may
prefer; each certificate to run five years from
its date, to draw interest, payable semi-annu-
ally, at the rate of four per cent, per annum,
and to be payable, both principal and interest,
in lawful money of the United States, to be
hereafter appropriated and provided for by
Congress.
The acceptance by the States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine and the European and
North American Railway Company of the
amount thereby authorized to be paid to each
of those States for the use and benefit of that
railway company shall be held and regarded as
a full adjustment and payment of any and all
claims for interest, and also a complete adjust-
ment, liquidation, and payment of any and all
other claims of the States of Massachusetts and
Maine, and of the railway company, or either
of them, against the United States for and on
aceount of any matters arising from any money
expended by the State of Massachusetts on ac-
count of the war with Great Britain in 1812-15,
or any interest thereon, or on account of
any matters arising out of or accruing from
the treaty with Great Britain, known as the
treaty of Washington, or for or on account of
any other matters which have been assigned by
the States of Massachusetts and Maine to that
railway compauy.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I believe
the State of Massachusetts has already been
paid this claim twice in full, and I believe
further that it has been paid in derogation of
that fixed principle in the Government of this
country, that we shall not pay interest upon
debts from the United States. If there be, as
I suppose there are, reports showing the fact
of the various payments received by the State
of Massachusetts on account of this precise
claim, now urged with the peculiar coolness due
to that, section of the country, I ask that they
be read.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair the
report of the House committee on this very
bill, which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made in the House of Representatives by Mr.
Ela, from the Committee of Claims of that
body, June 1, 1870:
The Committee of Claims, to which was referred a
bill entitled "A bill to refund to the States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine interest paid by them on ad-
vances to -the United States, and to provide for the
defense of the northeastern frontier," have had the
same under consideration, and submit the following
report:
The advances referred to in said bill were for ex-
penditures made by Massachusetts for the benefit of
the United States in the war of 1812-15 with Great
Britain. Maine was then an integral part of Massa-
chusetts, and afterward, bythe terms of separation
from Massachusetts, made 111 1.820, she became the
owner of one third part of the claim for reimburse-
ment on aceount of said expenditures.'
These expenditures amounted to the sum of $813,-
319 60, and of this sum the United States, on the 2d
day of March, 1831, refunded $480,748 26, and on the
