2462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
vindication. Bat 1 desire simply to make the
remark in this connection that hereafter gen-
tlemen must not feel surprised if I object to
any application for leave to make a "personal
explanation," when the confidence of the House
is abused, and under the guise of a personal
explanation a mere attack is mude upon some-
body outside; a written, premeditated attack,
concluding with what is entirely out. of order,
a resolution for an investigation. It is in no
sense whatever a personal explanation, and it
is an imposition upon the House to call it so.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 rise to a point of order.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman will permit
me to make a remark. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Scukxuk] appears to me to be——
Mr. DAWKS. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. WOOD. Does the gentleman object to
my saying a word in reply to the gentleman
fiom Ohio?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir ; I merely wanted to
know who held the floor.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sciiejjck] that I have never
yet transcended the rules of the House, either
directly or indirectly. But I have found under
the rulings of that gentleman himself, in the
discharge of what he no doubt deems liis duty,
that it is extremely difficult for any member upon
this side of the House to have an opportunity
to present any resolution or to make any
charges or to discuss any question as it ought
to be discussed in this llouse, and we are com-
pelled to resort to what in his judgment may
lie an evasion of the rules to get our views be-
fore the llouse or !o present charges against
prominent ollicials of the Government.
Now, 1 will say in conclusion, that of my
own personal knowledge 1 know nothing of
General llowaid ; 1 never saw him in my life ;
but the parties who have placed this informa-
tion in my hands say they have witnesses at
hand to prove every specification 1 have pie-
sented. 1 hope the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [ilr. Dawes] will be unan-
imously adopted, and that the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs may investigate these
charges; and if General Howard bo proven
innocent no member of the House will be more
rejoiced than I will who make these charges.
MY. DAWES. 1 now yield for a moment to
my colleague, [Mr. Butlkii.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
only to say that as this matter has grown out
of the action of the Committee on Education
and Labor, I think it should bo referred to that
committee, and 1 make thatmotion. But before
1 sit down 1 want to say that a very grave ques-
tion has been rained by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] affecting the reputation of
a gentleman who stands very high, deservedly
or undeservedly, and the country up to this
hour has thought deservedly. The gentleman
from New York says he does not know these
facts; but coming here and putting them before
the House upon his responsibility as charges
against General Howard, he makes himself
responsible. I trust the matter will be investi-
gated fully and thoroughly. If General How-
ard is found guilty of these things I trust the
country and the House, so far as we may, will
deal with him ; but if the gentleman has allowed
himself to be made the vehicle of unfounded,
malicious, and treacherous slanders, then 1
know, upon that fact being found out, the House
has the power to deal with him.
Mr. WOOD. Allow me one moment. I
demand the right to reply to the aspersions
and intimations of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Bl'tleu.] I, sir, am willing to
take the personal lesponsibility of any charges
1 make upon this floor, and I hope that when
the House has done with this investigation
it may turn its atteution to the gentleman
from Massachusetts and investigate him also.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly;
always and at all times.
Mr. DAWES. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schknck] for a few
moments.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] I think has rather evaded
the point I made ; and perhaps my point was
not altogether regularly made, for it was not
really taken upon the question of reference.
1 will say, so far as the question of reference
is concerned, I hope there will be no objection
on any side to this investigation. And 1 would
prefer that the very committee designated by
the gentleman from New York shall be selected
for that investigation, so that tliere shall be no
disposition shown even by a change of tribunal
to shrink from just such an inquiry as is asked
for.
What I did say, however, in reference to the
so-called personal explanation made by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] inow
repeat. Although the subject is now before tis
with our own consent, to be disposed of by the
llouse, it does not alter the fact that here, in
the midst of the business of the llouse, we were
interrupted by the declaration of the gentleman
that he had a personal explanation to make,
when his familiarity with the rules of proceed-
ing of the House enabled him to know that it
was no personal explanation at all, but that it
was ail imposition practiced upon the llouse,
through which ho might make his proposed
assault upon this gentleman, and through which
he might be enabled to offer, although he knew
that would not bo in order as a part of a per-
sonal explanation, the resolution which he at-
tempted to get before the House. The gentle-
man replies that nobody is more accustomed
to obey the orders of this House than he is.
Well, 1 do not deny it. When (lie House cen-
sured him once, I believe lie came forward
without any hesitation at all and received that
censure. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. The proudest moment, of my
life.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The gentleman knows per-
fectly well that my remarks about this not being
a personal explanation are entirely justified,
because his familiarity with the rules of the
House enables him to come to the same con-
clusion.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his inquiry.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish toinquire whether
it was or was not in order for the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] having obtained
from the llouse the privilege of making a per-
sonal explanation, to present the case he did
present
The SPEAKER. In responding to the par-
liamentary inquiry of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ingkksoi.l,] the Chair will answer
some points of order which have been made.
Originally a personal explanation was held to
be something relating to the honor or character
of the member seeking to make it, something
affecting his personal reputation, and needful
to his vindication to be made on the floor of
the House. 'The practice afterward widened
and grew into what many members now regard
as an abuse. But it has been repeatedly ruled
within the last ten years that where the House
grants its unanimous consent to a member to
make a personal explanation he may say any-
thing whatever within the rules of the llouse.
It is not for the Chair to reverse what has be-
come the usage of the House, unless t.he House
should clearly manifest a desire to have the
change made.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Siiaxks] for a few moments.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to make a parlia
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. HOAR. Is this debate one which re-
quires unanimous consent for its continuance?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was recognized
by unanimous consent without limitation, and
under the rules is entitled to the floor for one
hour.
Mr. DAWES. I will say that I indicated
the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs without
having a preference for any committee. I will
permit the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mayjtard] to move an amendment to my mo-
tion. I have no choice myself, but I am will-
ing to allow the House to select their own
committee, and not have it a committee I
may indicate rather than any other. I now
yield to the geutleman from Tennessee to move
an amendmeut.
Mr. MAYNARD. - The motion has already
been proposed by the gentleman's colleague,
[Mr. Butusp., of Massachusetts.]
Mr. HOAR. 1 rise to a point of order. I
wish to inquire of the Chair whether unani-
mous consent has been given for the introduc-
tion of the resolution of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes?]
Tho SPEAKER. Unanimous consent was
given for the gentleman from Massachusetts to
make a motion to refer this whole matter to
the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs. That
motion being before tho House, it is amendable
by tho vote of a majority.
Mr. HOAIi. Idid not understand that unani-
mous consent had bean given to make the
original motion.
Tho SPEAKER. Tho Chair desires to state,
in response to the point of order made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
that the Chair twice stated tho motion—he
thinks three times; and a motion three times
stated from the Chair without objection is
assuredly before the llouse. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynabd] will now state
his amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment I pro-
posed to offer has been moved by tho gentle-
man from Massachusetts, the colleague of the
gentleman who offered the original motion. I
had proposed to move that amendment to re-
fer tho subject to the Committee on Education
and Labor for this reason : that committee was
charged with the subject of the Freedmen's
Bureau, having reported a bill on that subject
which was under discussion yesterday. Grow-
ing out of their action and the bill which they
reported is tho proceeding we have had hero
to-day; and it is but right that this investiga
tion should be conducted by them. To pass
over their heads and refer the matter to any
other committee would bo an implied censure
upon them which 1 think we ought not to make.
As the matter has already been before them,
and as* tho result of tho examination which
they made has been a bill taking this bureau
away from the control o£ the officer who is
assailed and giving it another direction, they
ought to be permitted to pursue this investiga-
tion and to show that their action was not in-
fluenced by the discovery of anything that would
justify the imputation made on the other side
of the llouse. I think that both with a view
to vindicate the officer assailed and in justice
to the committee who have proposed the bill
taking the control of the Freedmen's Bureau
away from him this investigation should be
pursued by that committee.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to make but two
remarks. The first is, that in my opinion
this kind of equivocation is not justice to Gen-
eral Howard. When it is proposed by the
enemies^ of General Howard that the Commit-
tee on Freedmen's Affairs, a committee whose
jurisdiction embraces matters relating to this
institution with which General Howard has
beenconnected, shall investigate these charges,
I think it is best for General Howard thatthere
should be no equivocation about it. In the
second place, I think it is not prudent for us
to equivocate about trusting the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs to examine this question.
As one member of that committee, I feel that
we are competent to examine into the official
conduct of any man. I stand here to say that
I think the best interests of all concerned
