5294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
3d day of March. 185!), the farther sum of 1227,170 48,
making in all $657,924 71, and rejected or lett unpaid
the sum of $135,'!21 86.
Upon the amount thus recognized and refunded
the said States make a claim for a.n allowance of
intorest upon it. to be computed by the usual and
legal methods, and applying tho limitation that the
amount shall not at any time be in excess of tho
amount of interest .the State of Massachusetts was
then paying or losing. By this mode of computation,
and by the application of this restriction, the amount
of interest to be refunded or repaid is found to
amount to about one million two hundred and forty-
five thousand dollars.
The committee find that it has been the uniform
practicoof the United States to allow and pay inter-
est to the States upon expenditures made by them for
war purposes, from and including tho revolutionary
war to the war of the rebellion, the rules applied .at
different times being more orless restrictive. Seven
States, namelv, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Now \
York, Pennsylvania., Sftftth Carolina, and Massachu-
setts, made expenditures on account of the war of
1812-15, and all of them have had interest allowed
and paid to them thereupon, except Massachusetts.
In each ease tho committee also found that the inter-
est was not paid at tho time of settlement of the
principal, but at periods long alter such settlements,
and in most cases as long as the period which has
elapsed since the last payment of principal to Mas-
sachusetts, and by special authority of Congress. (See
Senate Report No. 1, first session of the presentCon-
gress, and cases therein referred to.)
This claim for interest has received tho sanction
of the following committees of this House, namely,
select Committee on the Defenses of the North eastern
i'rontior, lleport No. 119, first session Thirty-Eighth
Congress; Oommittco on foreign Affairs, lleport
No. 7, second scsssion Thirtv-Ninth Congress. Xhe
Committee on Military Aifaiis at the last session
of the Fortieth Congress agreed upon a leport m its
favor, but was unable to submit it to the House by
application of the rules. Tho Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate have three times re-
ported favorably upon it. (See Senate bills-157, sec-
' ond session Thirty-Ninth Congress, -15, first session
"Fortieth Congress; and 232, first session Forty-First
Congress.)
In view of all the facts and precedents bearing
upon the case, thoeonimittoo believe that the amount
of interest actually paid by Massachusetts on account
of the expenditures made by her, and acknowledged
and refunded by the United States, at least, must in
ju&tice be repaid, either now or at some future time;
and in view of the fact that the claim has been as-
signed by the said States of Massachusetts and Maine
to the European and North American Railway Com-
pany of Maine, to aid said company in constructing
its line of railway to the northeastern boundary of
the United States, which railway is regarded as being
of great importance in a political, commercial, and
military point, of view, we recommend the payment
now, not of tile amount found due under the rule of
computation heretofore set forth as claimed, but the
Umount found due by us, by the application of a
more restricted rule, to wit, by allowing tho amount
of interest actually paid by Massachusetts, from the
time of the expenditures to the time of tho first pay-
ment, and then from the principal deducting the
payment, and upon the remainder of the principal
allowing intorest to the time of the last payment, by
which the amount to be paid in full to said States
on thcii claim is reduced to the sum of $(378,302 12.
This a.monnt we regard as being justly and fairly
duo on the claim; and to consummate this conclu-
sion, the accompanying bill is reported as a substi-
tute for the bill referred to us, and its passage recom-
mended by the House.
Mr. BAYARD. Is that a majority or a
minority report, I would ask ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will tell the Senator that
out of nine members on the House committee
that is the report of eight, the other saying
that he thought the Government ought never
to pay interest.
Mr. BA1SARD. I have always had an idea
that if the State of Massachusetts had a claim
for any services in the war of 1812 they had
much better be presented to the British Gov-
ernment than to ours ; and of that idea I have j
never yet been disabused. May I ask the
name of the committee that made that report?
The Chief Cleiik. " Mr. Ela, from the
Committee of Claims of the House of Repre-
sentatives."
Mr. WILLEY. This is an old acquaintance.
I remember it very well. I remember,_ too,
how reluctantly, after hearing the distinguished
Senator from Maine, (Mr. Fessenden,) now
no more, I came to the conclusion that I, per-
hops, should have to vote for it. I have one
difficulty in the way, however. There has a
new doctrine been established here recently;
and I would inquire of the distinguished Seh-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Scmxeu] whether
this claim did not originate in enemy coun-
try during the war of 1812 ? [Laughter.] The
doctrine is now that we do not pay a claim
originating in time of war in enemy country,
and from some histories I have read I am not
certain whether this claim did not originate in
enemy country at the time. If he can satisfy
me on that point I suppose I shall have to vote
for the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I cau satisfy my friend ou
that point.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move to lay this bill
on the table for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 9S6, being a bill to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
•is on laying this bill on the table. That is the
only motion before the Senate.
The question being put, the Presiding
Officer declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask for a division.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 8, noes 30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to inquire
of the President whether it is in order to move
to postpone the present bill and all prior orders
and to take up House bill No. 986 ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move that this bill and
all prior orders be postponed, to take up House
bill No. 086, to abolish the franking privilege.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
J ersey.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 8, noes 31.
Mr. BAYAIID called for the yeas and nays ;
but the call was not seconded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think this bill
ought to pass ; and yet I presume by mere
weariness this long protracted claim, now forty
or forty-five years old, will probably be saddled
on the Treasury of the United States. At the
request of parties interested in this claim I
examined it with tho utmost care three or four
years ago, and read especially the majority and
minority reports, and 1 came to the conclusion
dispassionately that there was no ground what-
ever for this claim. There are thousands of
claims growing out of the war of 1812 and of
the Revolution far more meritorious than this.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want my friend to allow
me to correct him.
Mr.'SHERMAN. I prefer to get through.
I exapiined it carefully. This is a claim for
compound interest, covercd alone, I think, by a
precedent in the case of Maryland 
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator is wrong.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken
entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor.
I speak rather in sadness than with any expect-
ation to defeat this bill. I examined it with
the utmost care. It has been presented here
and debated with great ability by the repre-
sentatives from Massachusetts and Maine. It
has been debated over and over again. I think
we had a debate here two years ago which con-
tinued a day or two.
Mr. BAYARD. That was last spring.
Mr. SHERMAN. The claim was then voted
down. I believe there is no ground in law or
equity, no merit in this claim; and I say to the
Senators from the States concerned that if
this principle is applied to all our claims, of
paying compound interest by the Government
of the United States, their Slates will lose
more by the application of the principle than
they can possibly gain by the SGOO,000 in this
bill
This claim has now been transferred to a
railroad company. It is owned by enterprising
men who are constructing a railroad into the
British provinces. I have no desire to obstruct
their work ; and I would far rather appropriate
the $600,000 directly out of the Treasury of
the United States for that purpose than to give
it under cover of reviving an old claim of this
kind.
But, sir, I know that opposition is idle.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
examined thisclaimand spoke against it before,
and is amply prepared to discuss it at length.
I am told that he has prepared himself with
full notes in reference to it. But he is not
here; other Senators are not here ; the Senate
is thin, and we are about to pass upon this
claim of over $600,000. In my own judgment
it ought not to pass. I am not now prepared
with the facts to debate it; indeed I would not
have the ability to take it up, without reading
all these reports again and going into a volu-
minous calculation, to present the case on the
testimony. I can only say that frotn the ex-
amination I formerly made, entirely dispas-
sionate, without any desire to exclude the
claim, but with rather a strong feeling if pos-
sible to find merit in it, I came to the conclu-
sion that it ought not to pass.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, at former ses-
sions I have voted against this claim, and have
spoken against it. In the last few weeks I
have had occasion to examine the whole sub-
ject of the debts of the United States, and how
and when interest was payable on them, and
the result of that investigation has brought me
deliberately to the conclusion that this claim
ought to be paid. I intend to vote for it.^ In
reaching that conclusion I had no prejudices,
no antipathies that operated, or any obstruc-
tion to my reason and judgment. I knew that
the honorable Senators from Massachusetts
were themselves repudiators, and that their
State was guilty of voting to incorporate re-
pudiation in the Constitution of the United
States. The votes of the two honorable Sen-
ators from Massachusetts stand recorded in
favor of the creation of a debt to every slave-
holder whose slave should enlist during the
war in the Army of the United States. Both
of those Senators voted in favor of that meas-
ure, and in that way they became parties by
an express obligation to pay the debt of the
United States to every slaveholder whoso slaves
should enlist in the Army. Those Senators
have since solemnly repudiated that obligation
which they themselves created in the form of
a law of Congress which pledged the faith of
the nation to the payment of those debts ; and
if the obligation of men can be created by ex-
press and solemn engagement, the obligation
of those two Senators existed to pay those
debts, and not to repudiate them.
But, Mr. President, I believe that I am capa-
ble of sustaining a great principle without
being interfered with by prejudice or resent-
ment; and notwithstanding I feel the injustice
and the wrong of the course of the two Sen
ators in relation to that subject, and the course
of their State in incorporating a solemn repu-
diation of that debt in the form of a consti-
tutional amendment., still I will stand up on
this and on every other occasion and vote for
principle. Now, my principle is that a debt
due from th6 United Slates does not commence
to bear interest until payment is claimed for
it; that whenever the debtor of the United
States presents evidence of his claim to the
Treasury Department, that is authorized to pay
the debts of the United States, with proof that
the debt is due, from that time such debt ought
to bear interest. Whenever a debt comes up
in that form against the United States Govern-
ment I will not only vote to pay the amount
of the debt, but I will vote to pay the amount
of interest upon the debt from the time when
it is made out reasonably to the Government
or the agents of the Government of the United
States that the debt is due.
I understand that this is not a claim for
compound interest; that it is a claim for sim-
ple running interest.
'Mr. SUMNER That is the case.
Mr. DAVIS. The speech of the S .•nmtor
from Massachusetts, two or throe times, in sup-
port of this claim, satisfied me t-liot that was
the tact; but I did not understand tha princi-
ple then as I now comprehend it of the liabil-
