3406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Mr. CONKLING. Let us vote without
further debate.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose this bill will
occupy us several days.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The state-
ment of the Senator from Nebraska was made
by unanimous consent, and no further debate
is in order pending the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have a
bill taken from the desk which has come from
the House of Representatives, altering the
boundaries of a land district in California, for
the purpose of reference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to that being done?
Mr. CONKLING. Which way did the Sen-
ator from California vote on the motion to
adjourn?
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think that ques-
tion is in order. I merely want to refer a bill
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator voted on
the wrong side oil the motion to adjourn I am
afraid I shall object.'
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us try this question
first.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us have a division again
on the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Remarks
are in the nature of an objection. The ques-
tion is on the motion that the Senate do now
adjourn, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think it was
intended to object to my motion. It is a mo-
tion, of course, to refer a bill that is on the
table which came from the House, altering the
boundaries of a land district, to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can refer it to-mor-
row morning. We are losing time.
house bill referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is
no objection the bill to which the Senator from
California refers will be considered as referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. The Chair
hears nc objection, and the bill (H. R. No.
1964) to change the boundaries of the Stockton
land district in the State of California will be
referred to that committee.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1986) to extend the provisions of the preemp-
tion laws to the Territory of Colorado, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution to print
such additional extra number of the agricul-
tural report of 1868 as will be required to give
the members of the House from those States
not represented in the Fortieth Congress the
same number as was assigned to the members
of the House from such States as were so rep-
resented.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the concurrent resolution
of the Senate to print one thousand extra
copies of the report made by th#officers of the
United States Naval Observatory of the total
eclipse of the sun of August 7,1869, for the
use of the Senate, two thousand extra copies
for the use of the House of Representatives,
and five hundred extra copies for the distribu-
tion among scientific bodies and individuals by
the Superintendent of the United States Naval
Observatory.
reduction of the arm?.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 987) to reduce the number of officers
in the Army of the United States, and for other
purposes, is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole. The Senator from Alabama has
submited a motion that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish the Senator from
Massachusetts would make a statement and let
us know what he wants us to do.
Mr. WILSON. If we coyld get through
with this bill by seven o'clock I should be very
glad to do it. I must leave at that time. I
should like to try to get the bill through, at any
rate.
Several Senators. You cannot do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 28, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Davis,, Drake, Ross,
Schurz.Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Vickers, Warner,
and Williams—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham. Chandler,
Cole, Cockling. Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard,
Johnston, McDonald, Morrill of Maino, Morton, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, and Trumbull—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Bore-
man, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cattell, Ferry,
Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
ris, Howe, Howell, Kcllotrs, Lewis, MoCreery, Mor-
rill of Vormont, Norton.Nye.Osbom,Pool,Ramsey,
Revels, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Wil-
ley. Wilson, and Yates—33.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
ThePRESIDING OFFICE It. DoestheSen-
ator from Illinois withdraw his amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not if we can get a vote
on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest to the
chairman the propriety of amending the twen-
tieth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] to strike
out the entire fifteenth section.
Mr. CORBETT. I have been waiting for
some One to move to raise the pay of the chap-
lains. The poor chaplain, I see, has no advo-
cate here. He has always heretofore received
the pay of a captain, and it is cut down from
the pay of a captain, in this section, which is
$1,800, to $1,400. A man who educates him-
self, enters the Army, and has no promotion,
has to live upon $1,400 a year. It looks to
me that it is an effort to drive the chaplains
out of the Army. I think that these men—
there are very few of them—who are willing to
sacrifice their time and join the Army in this
capacity should have a fair compensation. I
move to make the pay of chaplains $1,800, so
as to correspond with the pay of captains, the
same as it always has been. It is in the nine-
teenth line of the fifteenth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moves to strike out "$1,400,"
in the nineteenth line of the fifteenth section,
as the pay of chaplains, and insert "$1,800."
The amendment was rejected; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 20.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The. question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Buckingham,] to strike out the
ontifA flpAnrtn
Mr. CORBETT. I move now to make the
pay of chaplain $1,600, the amount allowed to
a lieutenant.
Mr. RAMSEY. The House put it at $1,200
and our committee put it at $1,400. Let it
FBSt &fc til fit
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon moves now to insert $1,600
instead of $1,400 as the pay of a chaplain.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 28, noes 15.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,"Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ilamlin,
Harlan, Howard, McDonald, Morrill of Maino, Mor-
ton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ross, Sawyer,
Scott, Sponcer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thavor
Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Williams and Wilson—V
NAYS—Messrs.Boroman. Casserly,Chandler,Cole
Conkling, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston' Mc'
Creery, Pratt, Ramsey, Ricc, Schurz, Stockton"
Thunnan, and Vickers-15. 1011
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Cattell, Cracin, Davis, Ferry. ]<'ian-
agan. Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas. Harris"
Howe, Howell, Kellogg. Lewi*, Morrill of Vermont'
Norton, Pool, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury Slierl
man, Willey, and Yates—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut to strike out the entire fifteenth
section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend to occupy
any time; but I will say that I am in favor of
striking out this section, first, because I am
ashamed to reduce the pay of the General and
the Lieutenant General, who have covered
themselves and us with glory ; but when they
die and pass away, and new men come in, we
can make a further provision for those success-
ors ; Imt I want them to have, if it is $25,000 a
year, all they did have when they did the deeds
that they have done. So much for that.
A word now as to the rest of the officers of
the Army whose pay will be increased, and it
may be ostensibly made more equal by this sec-
tion. In point of fact, honestly administered,
the present system is more equal, because the
cost of the living of an officer depends upon
where he is sent and where he is bound to go.
The officers in this city who get the highest
allowances come out at the end of the year
poorer than those who get in other places least
allowances. Therefore, I believe it is unjust,
it is unfair, although apparently equal ; and
then when you come to the aggregate, the chair-
man of the committee has satisfied me that it
positively increases the cost to the Treasury.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not think the Senator
from Vermont is exact in his statements. He
says that the pay of an officer in Washington,
on account of the expense of living, amounts
really to less than the pay of an officer on the
plains. But he does not take one thing into
consideration. Most of the officers in the Army
have families; and when they are sent against
the Indians they cannot have their families
along with them ; they have got to leave them
somewhere. And who furnishes to those fam-
ilies quarters and fuel and all that? Nobody.
The officers have to defray the expenses them-
selves. But officers here in Washington, who can
have their families with them, get almost every-
thing they want at the most liberal rates. There
is the difference; and therefore I say there is
great inequality in the pay, not to speak of the
circumstance that those who go to the plains
expose their lives and run all the risks of actual
war, in case of fatal accident leaving their fam-
ilies in distress, while these gentlemen who are
preferred in point of allowances, are seated
here comfortably in their arm-chairs out of
harm's way. It is for this reason that I think
the system, which prevails in other countries)
where officers get increase of pay when they go
into campaign and lose that increase as soon as
they return home, is more just and equitable.
For this reason I shall vote for the pay section
of this bill.
Mr. NYE. If I understand this section, it
really increases the pay of the officers below
til© (j6Q6r&l
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it increase the pay
of major generals?
Mr. NYE. When you get below the grade
of General it increases the pay of the lower
officers. . If. that is the intention of it I have
no objection. There is no branch of the pub-
lic service of this country that I would more
cheerfully sustain than I would the Army and
the Navy of the nation. I regard them as
worthy of the highest consideration ot the
nation and the Government.
Mr. President, is it possible that the ques-
tion is gravely submitted to an American Sea-
