1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4351
up, read a first and second time, and referred
to the same committee.
TAX ON WHISKY.
The next business was a bill (S. No. 513)
remitting tax erroneously assessed upon one
hundred and fifty gallons of whisky belonging
to J. P. F. Camp, of Spartanburg, South Caro-
lina ; -which was taken up and read a first and
second time.
Mr. MAYNARD. That bill relates to the
remission of taxes, and should go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Sev-
eral bills of this kind are before the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; let it go to
that committee.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
JOHN SOSIEllS SMITXI.
The next bill was a bill (S. No. 462) for the
relief of John Somers Smith, on account of
diplomatic services at the island of San Do-
mingo ; which was taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
willxa3i n. murpiiy.
The next bill was a bill (S. No. 327) for the
relief of William N. Murphy, of Earmjngton,
Missouri; which was taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
lewis d. smith.
The next was a joint resolution (S. R. No.
101) for the relief of Lewis D. Smith : which
was taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the same committee.
MARGAKET RIDDLE.
The next bill was (S. No. 81) for the benefit
of Margaret Riddle, widow and executrix of
George Reade Riddle ; which was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the same committee.
i,have of absence.
Mr. DYER was granted leave of absence
until Wednesday next.
Mr. LYNCH was granted leave ot absence
for two weeks.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, was gran ted
leave of absence until Tuesday next.
Mr. STRONG was granted leave of absence
for one week. ,
Mr. SHELDON, of New York, was granted
leave of absence for one week.
Mr. STONE was granted leave of absence
for ten days.
Mr. BIRD was granted leave of absence until
Tuesday next.
Mr. STILES was granted leave of absence
until Tuesday next.
legislative, utc , appropriation bill.
Mr. BEATTY asked and obtained_ leave
to have printed in the Globe, as a portion ot
the debates, some remarks he bad prepared
upon the Senate amendments to the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bills.
" [See Appendix.]
: oarolini: m'gee.
' Mr. MAYNARD asked aud obtained leave
to have withdrawn the papers m the case ot
Caroline M;Gee; which under the rule were
on a former day referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, and to have the same
£ referred to the Committee on Miluary Aftaiis.
Mr.
george w. kirk,
mi BUTLER, of Tennessee, asked and
Obtained"leave to have withdrawn the papers
in the ease of George W. kn-k, of Tennessee.
indian reservation in california.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before tlie House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior in answer_to a
resolution of the House of May -4, 1S<0, in
reference to establishing an Indian reserva-
tion in San Diego county, California ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
survey of arkansas river.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House of May
12, 1870, transmitting a copy of report of S.
T. Abert on the survey of the Arkansas river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
indian depredations in texas.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of State
of Texas, transmitting a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Texas, asking Congress to pre-
vent the republic of Mexico from harboring
bands of Indians who devastate the southwest-
ern frontier of the State of Texas; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
battery, new york city.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answer to a resolution of May 10,
1870, transmitting to the House the corre-
spondence between the Department and the
commissioners of the sinking fund of New York
city, in relation to the sale to the Government
of a part of the Battery for the erection of
customs storehouses thereon; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed. *
employes in tiie war department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in com-
pliance with the acts ol July 2, 1818, and Au-
gust 2G, 1842, and a resolution of the House of
January 13, 1810, transmitting lists of clerks
and other persons in his Department other
than officers during the year 1809 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
bryan tyson.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting to the House a copy and state-
ment of the evidence on which the action of
his Department is based in rejecting the bids
made by Bryan Tyson for transportation of tlie
mails; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
black beaver.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication froin the Secretary of War,
in relation to the claim ot Black Beaver, a
Delaware Indian, for losses sustained in con-
sequence of his serving as guide to United
States troops commanded by Major now Gen-
eral Emory at the breaking out of the rebellion
m 1801; which was referred to the Committee
! on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
navigation and collection of customs.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication fro in the Secretary of War,
transmitting to the House the draft, of a bill to
remedy the embarrassment now found in the
enforcement of the laws relating to navigation
and collection of customs; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
expenses op indian delegations.
The SPEAKER also laid before the IIousc
a communication from the Secretary ot the
Interior, transmitting to the House a commun-
ication from the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs and estimate of appropriation required to
defrav the expenses of delegations of Indians
visiting Washington city, and to purcha.se^pres-
ents for members thereof in 18/0; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE obtained leave of ab-
sence for ten days.
ASSAULT ON A MEMBER.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication from the Sergeant-
at-Arms: •
office of tiir serjeant-at-arms,
united states house or rki"i!bsehtatjvks,
washington, d. c., June 1], 1870.
Sib; I have the honor to report, that in obedience
to the order of the House, I have in my custody, sub-
ject to the order of the House, Patrick Woods, alias
Pat Dooley, of Richmond, Virginia.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
n. g. ordway,
Mergeani-at-Armn.
lion. James G. Blaine,
Spealcer of the House of Eeprceentatwes.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to bring before the
House a couple of bills 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I must object
to everything till this august question of priv-
ilege is settled.
Sir. DAWES. The gentleman will not object
to my presenting acoupleofbills for reference?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. A question
of privilege involving the rights of a member
of Congress and the liberty of a citizen must
be regarded as superior to all other congres-
sional matters, and, in my judgment, ohould
reeoive immediate attention.
Mr. DAWES. 1 bow to the judgment of the
gentleman.
Mr. ALLISON. T move that, the Sergeant-
at-Arms produce at the bar of the House the
body of Patrick Woods.
The motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. AXTELL. I ask leave to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. DAWES. Under the present circum-
stances I must object.
Mr. AXTELL. I shall occupy buta moment.
Mr. DAWES. I feel that I must object. _
Mr. AXTELL. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] would be
willing.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am not..
Mr. AXTELL. I thank the gentleman from
New York, as well as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, for this exhibition of courtesy.
Subsequently
Mr. AXTELL said: I will again ask unan-
imous consent to make a brief explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
Clerk to read the paragraph from the San
Joachin Republican which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Tho Northern Pacific railroad franchise is esti-
mated m Washington to be worlh now feU000,000
cash. Tho holders hare realized about loui oen
million dollars by the scheme, as it has not cost them
il',000,000, and put that in their own pockets. Shame-
less, brazen-faced thieves!"
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker there are two
points made in the article which I have just
had read at the Clerk's desk which retlect
severely upon the members of this House who
voted tor the Noithern Pacific. I do not tli mk
that such articles should be permitted to float
around loose without receiving some attention.
First, it is alleged that we have traded
away §15,000,000 of tho nation's property for
$1,000,000. If this be true, it clearly proves
us unfit for our business. Any man who can-
not trade within one thousand^ four hundred
per cent, of the value of an article should be
expelled from Congress. [Laughter.]
Second, it is alleged that we put even that
small, contemptible abortion of a steal i . to
our own pockets, evinced no Iiberalitj, made
no division; did not even buy ourselves good
clothes; but stuffed it nito the pocKets of oui old
ones-sunk it! Oh, fie! Can official mcapa-
