1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5295
ity of the United States for the payment of
interest upon its debts. Sly principle, after
full investigation, in which I am clear and
decided, is that whenever it is shown to the
Government of the United States, that is to its
proper Treasury officer, that a debt is due from
the United States to a State or to an individual,
it is the right of that State or of that individ-
ual to have interest upon the debt from that
time; and I intend, as long as I vote at all on
such questions, to vote to sustain that principle.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I shall de-
tain the Senate hardly five minutes.
I rise first for the purpose of assuring my
friend, the Senator from Ohio, that when he
stated that he had read the reports on this bill
from the majority and minority of the commit-
tees he was in an error in this, that of the seven
or eight reports which have been made there
has never been a minority report submitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I read a minority report
made some years ago—a long document.
Mr. HAMLIN. I assuie the Senator again
that he is mistaken; that no minority report
has been made upon it, and it has been referred
to some seven or eight committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a long document
published, with the report of the Senator's for-
mer colleague published inthesamepainphlet.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator has got in his
mind another matter entirely. The Senator
has got in his mind a matter which grew out
of the treaty of Washington, where certain
property was taken by the Government, and
the State of Maine claimed 
Mr. SHERMAN. No; this very claim for
interest growing out of the war of 1812.
Mr. HAMLIN. I speak what I know, and I
assure the Senator that I know, as I know my
existence, that he is in error.
In the second place, he says that this bill
contains a provision for compound interest.
The Senator from Kentucky has stated that
point correctly. Of all the States that advanced
money to the General Government in the war
of 1812, every one of them was paid before
Massachusetts was paid. The last of them was
paid in 1859. Maryland, while I was a mem-
ber of this body, asked for a recomputation
of her interest account, and it was recom-
puted to Maryland upon a partial compound
rule. I voted for it, and I am proud to say that
I voted for it because I believed that it only
did justice to Maryland. We came here and
we found that in Georgia, and in half a dozen
other States, the later rule had been to pay the
interest upon the Maryland rule, and we asked
that in readjusting this case we should have
the modern rule, and if computed on that rule
the claim would amount to $1,245,000. But
this bill, which has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, to satisfy its committee and to
have an end to the case, is reduced to what?
We took the claim, went to the Third Auditor's
office and computed it, as the Senator from
Kentucky says, upon plain simple interest and
no more, deducting $185,000 of our war debt
that the Government never did pay us, and
computing on plain simple principles what it
did pay. The result is some $675,000, and
we say that shall be in full for such sums as
Massachusetts paid interest on. That is all
there is in the bill; and the bill, after a careful
consideration in the other House, was sent to
us by a vote of two to one there.
Mr. FOWLER. I move the following as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted. That theSeevetaryof the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to examine
and pay theclaimof Robert T.Kirkpatriek, of Nash-
ville. Tennessee, for materials taken and used by
military order in building a fort for the defense of
r that city: Provided, That such amount so allowed
not exceed the sum of $25,523: And provided
further, That this bill shall be final.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not propose to
say anything in reference to the amendment,;
bat, as 1 intend to vote for this bill, 1 wish
simply to say that I believe it is just, and no
Supposed prejudice that I may have from party
considerations against a majority of the people
of a State or their political associations shall
influence my action in this body. I know that
much of the prejudice of my party in reference
to this claim, if there be any, arises from the
fact of the stand taken by Caleb Strong; but
I only wish that this country had had plenty of
Caleb Strongs in the last war, and we should
have been saved from much of the evil conse-
quences which happened to us.
I simply wished to avow publicly that it was
my intention to vote for the bill, and I have
remained here without pairing for the purpose
of openly recording my vote in favor of it.
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I heard this subject dis-
cussed before I came into the Senate, and I
then formed my own opinions of the justice of
this claim. I do not propose now to discuss it
upon its merits. I wish, however, to draw the
attention of the Senate to one feature. It would
seem from the language of the bill and from
what I heard in the very elaborate and thorough
discussion of this claim'upon its merits in the
last Congress, that for some time the States
of Massachusetts and Maine have ceased to have
any interest in the claim; that it was transferred
some time ago to a railroad company. What
strikes me as remarkable and worthy of notice
is that aclaim whichis now thirty-nine or forty
years old, so long as it remained the property
of two important Commonwealthsof this coun-
try, failed of a successful hearing in Congress,
but so soon as it became the property of a rail-
road company, it attained at once to that con-
dition in which its payment became entirely
certain 
Mr. SAULSBUEY. Mr. President—-
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California yield to the Senator from Del-
aware ?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; I shall be through
in a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California declines to yield.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the claim be a just
claim, it ought to have been paid long ago to
either or to both of these States. I say noth-
ing upon that point; I shall not discuss it on
its merits, as I said ; but I repeat it is a singu-
lar circumstance that the justice, if it be jus-
tice, which the Congress of the United States
was reluctant or slow to render to these two
important States—the State of Maine and the
State of Massachusetts; one of them a State
of the original thirteen, which has had its share
in the historical records of this country, which
has played its part upon a great stage in differ-
ent junctures of our history—I say it is remark-
able that such a claim, so long as it was merely
the property of Massachusetts and Maine, failed
of a proper hearing by Congress, and as soon
as it passed into the ownership of this Euro-
pean and North American Railway Company
was placed at once upon a higher footing.
Should that be so? Is that just to tho dig-
nity of these two Commonwealths? Is it not a
most extraordinary state of things that what
we deny to the State of Maine, a daughter of
Massachusetts, and to Massachusetts herself,
we are now prepared to render to this private
railroad corporation?
It seems to me if I am right in that view it
is a view which is pregnant with melancholy
reflections, because it places a private railroad
corporation above these two States; and no
man can be so blinded by prejudice as for one
moment to suppose or suggest that either oI
these States is not immeasurably beyond, in
dignity and importance and consequence and
in the power of her claim upon the American
Congress, than merely one, but all the railroads
of the United States that have grown into life
under the forcing system which has come so
much into vogue in late times, not only in the
States, but in the country. That is what strikes
mo; that, is what mortifies me; and it seems
to me to be a thing worthy to be noted at this,
probably the last, stage of this claim.*
Sir, upon its merits, I for one should have
no hesitation in dealing with it as justice de-
mands. If it were proper to pay it to these
States, I should have no hesitation in paying
it. I should feel as much satisfaction as any
one in doing justice to either or to both of
these Commonwealths; but I confess it is a
subject of mortification to me thatwhat has been
ever since 1831 withheld from two of the most
important States in this Uuion, and one of
them among the old thirteen, we are now in
haste to grant to a private railroad company.
Comment is needless, and I propose to say no
more on the subject.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish simply to say
for myself that if I have lived in this world
fifty years and have not established a reputa-
tion that cannot be affected by any insinuation
(if it be intended) that I can be influenced by
a railroad company, I have lived but to little
effect. Sir, not all the railroads in this coun-
try could have any effect upon my vote ; they
are no special favorites of mine; and I see no
legitimate purpose why the Senator from Cali-
fornia should have indulged in the train of
remarks he has. My personal relations; how-
ever, with that Senator have been perfectly
friendly; and supposing that he meant no
special application ofhisremarksto me, I shall
forbear to notice them further. There sits by
me one of the oldest Senators in this body, of
the same political party, [Mr. Davis,] who has
fully investigated this subject and whose rep-
utation is not to be tainted by any reflections
in this Senate or out of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I had no idea that the honor-
able Senator from California intended to reflect
upon my friend on the right [Mr. Saut.sbctry]
or myself, and therefore I was not disposed to
take any exception to, or even to notice his
remarks, because l felt that they were not in-
tended for me. 1 will say, though, while I am
up, that the idea of this claim being transferred
to a railroad company never occurred to my
mind until 1 listened to the remarks of my
honorable friend from California. I felt, how-
ever, that he did not intend to reflect on my
vote and my course, and his remarks made no
impression on me. I feel assured now that he
had no purpose to reflect on the Senator from
Delaware or myself.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I suppose
it is hardly necessary for me to disclaim any
personal application of what I said. Had I
developed my meaning I should have said that
it was another illustration of how much more
powerful the mere personal importunity of pri-
vate interests is than the claims of the public,
than the claims of two of the oldest and most
important States in this Union. That was all.
If it be just to pay this claim to this railroad
company it should have long ago been paid to
Massachusetts before the division, or to Maine
and Massachusetts after the division. I sun-
pose I may be allowed to present that view
without reflecting, or seeming to reflect, upon
the vote of any gentleman in this body. That
would be very far from me. I have no such
purpose, and I do not know that I should have
the least right or justification in expressing any
such view.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, I under-
stand that the State of Maryland had a claim
similar in its character to that of Massachu-
setts ; that the principal of that claim was paid
uuder the direction of Congress; and that sub-
sequently, when application was made for ail
appropriation to pay the interest, a rule was
established for the calculation of that interest
by which the claim of my State was paid and
settled. I understand that this sum which was
applied to Maryland is now sought to be ap-
plied to the State of Massachusetts, and that
the Senator frpm Kentucky has recently made
a thorough examination of the subject, and
from that examination he is satisfied that the
claim is just,. Inasmuch as my own State
