5296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
received an amount fromtbe General Govern-
ment upon the same principle on which Mas-
sachusetts now claims an amount I shall, of
course, feel constrained to vote in the affirm-
ative.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, aud passed.
AUSTRALIAN STEAMSHIP LINE.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate take
up Senate bill No. 73G.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 736) authorizing the
establish me ill" of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and Australia.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is not in order during
the reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading can
be interrupted by a motion to adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 22; no quorum voting.
Mr. COLE. I thought we might be allowed
to have the bill read to-night.
Mr. FOWLER. Cannot the bill be read as
well when it is considered again?
Mr. COLE. I suppose so; but it will save
time io read it now. There are very few here ;
there are. not many to be annoyed by the read-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No quorum has
voted, which arrests business.
Mr. DRAKE. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was the
motion upon which no quorum voted.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. POME ROY. We can adjourn without
aqnorum. It.isnot necessary to have a quorum
to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not; but a
motion to adjourn cannot be renewed except
after some intervening business. The Chair
thinks there has been some debate since the
last motion, and the Senator from Missouri
renews the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at ten o'clock
and forty minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thojikuay, July 7, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. U. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Mr. McNEELY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to correct the Journal, i am
satisfied that upon one of the votes taken yes-
terday, the vote upon the report ofthe Commit-
tee on the Rules in reference to the apparatus
for taking the vote ofthe House, the votes are
not properly recorded in the Journal.
The SPEAKER. In what particular does
the gentleman hold that the Journal is incor-
rect?
Mr. McNEELY. I suggest that the names
of members are recorded as voting in a way in
which they did not really vote, and I desire to
have the vote by yeas and nays upon that ques-
tion read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks that
the vote on agreeing to the report of the Com-
mittee on the Rules be read. It will be read.
The Clerk then read the yeas and nays, as
follows:
" Yua.-s—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Arneil, Bailey, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Bird,
131 air, Booker, Cake, Cessna,Willi.") mT. Clark, Amasa
Cobb, Conger, Conner, Cook, Covode, TJiekoy, Dick-
inson. i>ox, I)uval, Eldridge, Ferriss, Pmkelnburg,
Getz. GiiSUan, Hale, Hamill, Harris, Hawkins, Hel-
lin, Hooper, 'iMiomns L. Jones, Kolley, K.''teiiam,
Knapn, Lawrence, Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy,
McSrew, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William
Moore, Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Packer, Palmer,
Peck, Peters, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Boots,
Sehonek. Sehumakor, Scoiicld, SUervod, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthinglon C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stiles, Stokes. Stone,
Stougtitou, Strickland, Swanu, Swueney, Tillman,
'jCownsend, Van Auken, Van Horn, Wallace. Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Whitmore, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T.Wilson, and Winans—86.
"Nats—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Asper, At-
wood, Ayer, Barry, Benjamin, Biggs, Boles, George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buekley, BnlKnton. Burchard,
Burdett, Burr, Benjamin P. Buiior, Roderick 11.
Butler, Calkin, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Oox, Crebs, Cnllom, Davis, Dawes, Donley, Dyer,
Perry, Fitch, Pox, llakloman, liaivley, llay, Hays,
Hoar, Jene.kes.Judd,Kerr, Lash, Lewis, Loughridgo,
Marshall, McCormiek, Mclvec, McKenzie, MoJfcely,
Jesse If. Moore, Morphis, Daniel .1. Morroli, Mun-
gen, Orth. Packard, Paine,Pheln.s, Poland, Pouieroy,
Porter, Kico, Rogers, Sanford, Sawyer, Sharks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Potter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith,
Stevens, Stevenson. Title, Tayloi, Trimble, Xwieli-
eii, Tyner, V.m Wyek. Voorhocs, Ward, Wells,
Wheeler. Willard. aud Winchester—SI.
"Not Yotinu—Messrs. AxieU, Banks, Banutin,
Beain.m, Beck, Bennett, Boiven, Boyd, James
Brook", Cleveland. Clinton ij. Cobb. Cou-les. S)ege-
ner. Dixon, Dockery, Uia, t'arnsworth, Fisher, (lav-
lield, Gibson, Uriswold, ilsught, ilninbleton, Hamil-
ton, Hill, tioge, Holman, Hot eh kiss, Tngeivoll. J ohn-
soii, Alexander 11. Jones, Julian. Kellogg, Kelsey,
Knott. Lailin. Logan, Lvneh, McCrary, Mitnes, Mor-
gan,Samuel P. Morrill. Moms^ey, Myers Neushan;,
Peree, Piatt. Pi osser, Pidgu-ay, Sargent, Shober, Slo-
cum, Strader. Strong, Tanner, Upson, Van Trump,
Cadwn.laderC.AV ashburn, Wilkinson, Witclier, Wood,
and Woodward—02."
Mr. McNEELY. I am informed that my
colleague from Illinois [Mr. Logan] voted
"nay," and his name is not recorded, aud in
the way in which I counted the vote does not
come up to eighty-eight votes in the affirmative,
but to eighty-seven.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Louax] vote "no?''
Mr. LOGAN. I did.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's name
will be, inserted among those voting in the
negative.
Mr. McNEELY. I simply wish to call the
attention of the Mouse to the fact of this mac- I
curacy, for the same thing has occurred before. J
Mr." STEVENSON. I wish to announce |
that I voted "no" by mistake. 1 supposed ;
the question was on the passage of the resolu- |
tion. i
i'he SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say, I
and he does it on behalf of those who have no j
voice in the House, that, any incorrectness of j
the record in the case of yeas and n:.y.- is
almost, invariably due to ni"uiu,to thenisilves
crowding about the Clink's desk when a vote j
is taken in -ninth interest is full, and confusing
the Clerk. The Chair makes this statement. !
because the officers of the House, who ote j
immediately involved, have no voice in the j
matter. The rule of the. Ilou-'o lorbids any j
person approaching the (fork's desk during the !
call of the roll by I ho Clerk. '
Mr. McNEELY. I hnpp the clerks will
be protected from sue!) interference here?Iter, j
The SPEAKER. The Chair dislikes to call j
the attention of members to the ruie at, the time I
the roll is being called. Rut as no particular !
member can be deemed as referred to now, the
Chair expresses the hope that hereafter the
members ol the House will observe the rule to
which reference has been made.
jikssaoi; moM TUN SLN W.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. SYM?soy.
one of their clerks, announced that tho Senate
had passed, with amendments, in which i'>e
concurrence of the House was requested, bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. 11. No. 2092) making appropri-
ations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes, for the fiscal
year ending .June 80, 1871: and
An act (H. It. No. 2363) to incorporate the
United States Freehold Land aud Emigra-
tion Company, and to confirm certain legisla-
tion in Colorado Territory.
The message farther announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment a Li 11
(li. R. No. 222u) to regulate the purchase of
iuel for the legislative, executive, and judicial
departments, and for the military and naval
establishments iu the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the several reports of the
committees of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on bills of the follow-
ing titles:
A bill (S. No. 147) granting a pension to
William B. Looney, of Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 846) granting a pension to
Rebecca Shoemaker ; and _ .
A bill (H. R. No. 1828) making appropria-
tions for the service of thePost Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending .Time 80,
1871.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. B.
No. 2-13) in regard to grading the streets in
the vicinity of the Capitol.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, the bill
(11. It. No. 2104) providing for refunding the
interest paid by the State of Massachusetts on
money expended by her on account of the war
of 181l!-lo.
rilKEIIOLD I, INT) COMPANY.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 2363) to incorporate the United States
Freehold Land and Emigration Company, and
to confirm certain legislation in ColoradoTer-
ritory. The amendments are mostly verbal,
the principal one being a reservation to Con-
gress of the right to alter, amend, or repeal
the act.
No objection being made, the amendments of
the Senate were taken up.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the amendments
be concurred in.
The question being taken, the amendments
ofthe Senate were concurred in.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concur: ed in ;
and also moved that the morion to reccnsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FUNDING HILL.
Mr. SCIIENCK. 1 ask that the House insist
upon its amendments to tSr- biU No. 380)
tn authorize the refunding and consolidation
of imp national debt, 'o extend banking facili-
ties, and to establish specie payments, and
agrt e to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table the
nu'endmeiits of the Senate to the bill of the
House. {No. *2045) to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes, for the purpose of having
the lull and amendments ordered to be printed,
and referred to the. Committee of Ways and
Means.
No objection bemg made, it was ordered
accordingly.
XATUUALIZATIOa LAWS.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
ha ve taken from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments ef the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. -201} to amend the, naturalization laws
and t.o punish crimes a«ainst the same.
Mr. FINIvELNBUUG. If the gentleman
desires to move a concurrence in the amend-
ment of tho Senate, I will not obiec1". But if
it is for the purpose of having a committee of
conference on the bill, then 1 will object.
Mr. DAVLs. I desire to move a non-con-
currence iu the amendments of the Senate,
and to ask a committee of conference.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. FfNKBLNBURG
objected.
■ Mr. LAViS. I move that the rules be sus-
[ pc-nded. the amendments of the Senate non-
