4352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
city, depravity, aud meanness find a lower
depth? [Laughter.]
I think, Mr. Speaker, that these two specific-
ations are strong enough to bear two conclu-
sions : first, a Congress vtdiich gives the lobby
fourteen hundred per cent, the advantage no
longer deserves the confidence of a free people;
second, a Congressman who puts his stealings
in his own pockets, thereby defrauding saloons
and " tigers" oftheir just and equal "divide,"
is not a high-toned-gentleman. [Laughter.]
In view of these facts and conclusions, I
move that a committee of eleven be appointed
from the reporters' gallery, whose members
possess great facilities for obtaining informa-
tion, to investigate these charges ; and, in the
mean time, I recommend that all members who
voted for the North Pacific be strictly watched!
[Laughter.]
assault on a member.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House, and said:
Mr. Speaker, in accordance with the order
of the House, 1 have taken into custody and
broughtto the bar of the House Patrick Woods,
alias " Pat Dooley."
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms
reports that, lie has at the bar of the House
Patrick Woods, who is charged with having
made a murderous assault, on the 30th of May,
in the streets of Richmond, upon Charles H.
Porter, a Representative from the State of
Virginia.
Mr. ALLISON. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the matter of privilege, being an
assault upon lion. oiuhi.es 11. porter, be referred
io the Judiciary Committee oi' this House for exam-
ination, and repoir what action this House should
take in the premises - and that in the mean time the
per,-ion at the bar bo retained in the custody of the
Serjeant-at-Arms.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. HAND ALL. 1 ask that this resolution
be divided. I do not object to the proposed in-
vestigation by the Judiciary Committee ; but I
do object to the retention of any citizen in cus-
tody during their pleasure.
Mr. ALLISON. I modify my resolution by
adding, "and that the said committee have
power to send for persons and papers." I
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the ruling of the
Chair upon my demand for a division of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it
is divisible, aud the two propositions will be
submitted separately.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to amend the res-
olution so as to empower the committee to
report at any time.
The SPEAKER. That is unnecessary. On
a question of piivilege the committee have the
right, under the rules, to report at any lime.
The question is, first, on agreeing to that divis-
ion ot the resolution which refers the subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary with power to
send for persons and papers.
The first division of the resolution was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs,
shall the person at the bar be retained in the
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms subject to the
further order of the House?
Mr. RANDALL. If that is voted down I
will then make a proposition that he be allowed
liberty so as to report at any time.
The vote was taken by sound, and the Speaker
declared that the ayes had it.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays38, not voting
74 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ay er, Bailey,Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Booker, Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burebard, Burdett, Benjamin I;1. Butter, Roderick
K. Butler, Cessna, William T. Cln.rk, Sidney Clarke,
AmasaCobb, Clintont. Cobb.Cobuni.Conger.Cowles,
Cullom, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery,
Donley, Duval, Fa,rnsworth, Ferris?, Ferry, Ijinkeln-
burg. Fisher,Gilfillan, Hale. Hamilton, Harris, Haw-
kins, Hawley, Hay.IIeflin, Hoar, Xngersoll, Alexan-
der H. Jones, Judd,Kelley,Keilogg, Ivetcliam.Knapp,
Laflin,Lash,Lawrence.liogan, Maynard, McCarthy,
McCrary, Mcttrew, McKee.McKenzie.Mercur.Mia-
kim H. Moore, Jesse 11. Moore, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Newsham, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Piatt, Poland,Pome-
roy, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Scotiold, Lionel
A. Sheldon, John A. Smith,William J. Smith, Wil-
liam Smyth, Starkweather. Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman,
Twic-liel), Tyner, Upson, Ward, William B. Wash-
burn, Wheeler, Wilkinson.Willard, JohnT. Wilson,
Winans, and Witcher—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Beck, James Brooks, Burr. Calkin,
Conner, Dux, Fox, Get'/.. Gibson, Gnswold, Hamble-
ton, Ilolman, Johnson, ICerr,Knott, Lewis, Marshall,
Mayhain, McNeely, Mitnes, Morgan,fhblack, Potter,
Knndall, Beeves, Ridgway, Rogers, Shober, Strader,
Swann,Sweeney, Trimble, Van Aukcn, Vnn Trump,
Wells, Winchester. Wood, and Woodward—3S.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell,
Barnum, Barry, Biggs. Bird, Bowen, George M.
Brooks, Cake, Churchill, Cleveland, Cook, Covode,
Cox, Crcbs, Davis, Dickinson. Dyer, Kla, Eldridge,
Fitch, Garfield, Haigbt. llatdeman, Hamill, Hays,
Heaton, Hill, Hose. Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Jenekes,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kelsoy.Loufchridge. Lynch,
McCormick, William Moore, Momssey, Mungen,
Myers, Negley, Packer, Verco, Peters, Phelps, Fort or,
11 ico, Sanford, Sohenck, Sohumaker, Shanks, Porter
Sheldon, Sherrod.Sloeum. Joseph S. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith. Stevens, Stiles. Stone. Strong, Tay-
lor,Townsend, Van Ilorn, Van Wvck.Voorhees,Wal-
lace, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Wejker, Whitmore,
Williams, and Eugene M. Wilson—74.
So the second part of the resolution was
adopted.
During the vote, several members having
gathered round the prisoner at the bar, holding
conversation with him,
Mr. ROOTS said: Mr. Speaker, I make the
point of order that no member has the right to
converse with the prisoner at the bar while in
custody. Jurors are not permitted to hold
communication with the prisoner at the bar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
adopted, and the Sergeant-at-Arms will take
into custody and hold, subject to the further
order of the House, Patrick Woods, now at
the bar of the House.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to teeonsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I offer the following as a ques-
tion of privilege, on which I shall demand the
previous question:
Whereas the prisoner at the bar is poor and unable
to employ counsel, and desires the aid of counsel in
his defense: Therefore,
Jicsolved, That tho Speaker of the House be, and
he hereby is, diieetcd to employ suitable counsel for
the prisoner, to serve him in his defense bctorc the
committee to which his ease is referred for investi-
gation.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Indiana. 1 see
it is stated in the papers that a purse of money
was raised by the people of Richmond for this
man. Has my friend any information on that
subject?
Mr. KERR. I have none whatever ; but,
on the contrary, 1 am informed that he is very
poor, and that information comes in the form
of a letter addressed to the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania who sits before me.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. Let the Committee on
the Judiciary inquire into his condition.
Mr. KERR. I do not yield, lam informed
by Mr. Dillon, the deputy Sergeant-at Arms,
that the prisoner was given some small sums
just before he left by some friends on the street,
and I presume it was intended that he should
supply himself with some of the comforts of
life during his incarceration.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 have understood, but
I do not know whether it is true, that a writ
of habeas corpus was sued out in Richmond
in behalf of this prisoner; and I have also
understood that, gentlemen on the other side
of the Chamber were telegraphed to defend
this party without regard to expense, with the
assurance that all expenses would be met.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I object to the con-
sideration of the resolution. It is not a proper
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I insist on my motion
to refer the resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of order.
I demanded the previous question on my res-
olution, and I submit that the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois is therefore not in
order.
The SPEAKER. By what right did the
gentleman speak after demanding the previous
question ?
Mr. KERR. By no right, except that the
Chair recognized me.
The SPEAKER. A gentleman cannot claim
the privilege of calling the previous question
and then enter on discussion. But, as this is
a matter of personal right, the Chair will con-
cede to the gentleman the right of calling the
previous question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 30, noes 86.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. I move to refer the res-
olution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. BURR and Mr. RANDALL demanded
the yeas and nays on the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I withdraw my motion
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object.
The question recurred on Mr. i\gersoll's
motion to refer the resolution to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary; and it was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. Imovet.o setaside the regular
order for the purpose of taking up the report
of the Committee on Appropriations on the
Senate amendments to the legislative, &e.,
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. That comes over as un-
finished business, and without, any motion will
be resumed as the regular order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 rise to make
a parliamentary inquiry. On Saturday has
not private business the priority under the
rules?
The SPEAKER. Unfinished business on
which the House was engaged at the time
of adjournment on the preceding day, has the
priority. It could be set aside, however, by a
majority of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not ask
for that.
legislative, etc., APPROPRIATION bill.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 974, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1871.
The Clerk read the pending amendments.
The pending question was on the amendment
! of the Senate, to insert the following as a new
| section :
j Sec.—. And be it further enneted, That tho coin-
] pensation of the female clerks, copyists, and eo utile* s
1 employed in the several Departments and foureatis,
