i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
believe those representations T Did not they
have any effect upon the Committee on the
Territories ? Does he believe that these men,
following a leader which he says theyrevere as
Christ upon earth, as a revelator, priest, and
king, those people who look npon this not as
a mere question of policy, but of religious right
and practice—does he believe that they will
not rise np in order to oppose the Government
in its effort to put down this institution in their
midst, and defend themselves in that which
they believe to be their right? If that is the
opinion of the committee and of this House,
then there is a fearful mistake, and it is from
the fear which I have that this mistake may
be committed that I beg the House, and in the
name of my constituents, to pause and consider
well before we are thus brought to the brink
of this great danger.
I do not think there is any necessity for this
bill. As the gentleman who preceded me [Mr.
Fitch] has said, I think that the elements of
disintegration are already at work in Mormon
society. During the last long recess of Con-
gress I visited Salt Lake City as a part of the
recreation of that period. While there I con-
versed with Mormons and with Gentiles. I found
the prevailing opinion to be that upon the single
thread of the life ofBrigham Young depends the
existence of the Mormon community as now
organized, at least the continuance of polyg-
amy. It was said there confidently by Gentiles,
and not denied by but rather admitted among
the Mormons to me, that there was a growing
distaste among the Mormon women against
polygamy. It was 6aid that the daughters of
Brigham Young themselves refused to marry
Mormons, and sought every opportunity to
cultivate the acquaintance of Gentile young
men there, and preferred them in marriage,
however much it might be against the opinion
of their lather. The continuance of polygamy
depends largely on the consent of the women
there.
Again, we have seen a little cloud, perhaps
no bigger than a man's hand, in the way of a
schism which is growing np in Utah. As the
gentleman who preceded me has said, if we
oppose them by war we unite them in the most
desperate contest; we arm them with implac-
able vengeance against us, and all traces of a
schismatic division will cease.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. CtjllomJ
says, and very properly, that the Mormon com-
munity is made up largely of foreigners, of men
who have not been educated to our ideas, and
who have not our attachment to onr Govern-
ment and to our institutions, who, on account
of some measures which we have passed, al-
ready look upon the Government of the United
States as their enemy. How much will it take
to inflame these people and unite them in war
against us ? But let me tell gentlemen that the
theater of that war is distant, notwithstanding
the Pacific railroad is running by their doors ;
and it will be more distant still when, after
the war has commenced, these people shall
have broken up the great Pacific railroad and
made the transportation of troops and supplies
difficult and expensive. Untold millions of
treasure will be swallowed in the pit of war ,
that is opened before us. "We need to be patient
in the treatment of this great evil, infamous
and detestable as it is. Time, intercourse with
the outside world, the influx of our own citi - ;
zens for the purposes of trade, &c., into Utah, 1
are all that is necessary in order to solve this i
question.
During the last year or so Brigham Young,
as a part of the policy of his church, and in
order to consolidate his power, inaugurated
what were called cooperative associations; and
it was made the duty of every Mormon to trade
with those associations under penalty of ex-
communication. Policemen were stationed at
the doors of Gentile establishments in order
to ascertain what Mormon dared to trade with
Gentiles instead of these associations; but the
result was an entire failure. The Mormons
looked upon thia as an attempt to oppress
them. They had sufficient sense of their rights
as citizens to resist this attempt. These coop-
erative associations failed. The Gentile mer-
chants could afford to sell more cheaply on
account of their larger capital or their facilities
of intercourse with merchants in the West.
From these causes that attempt of Brigham
Young proved simply a nail driven into the
coffin of Mormonism; and these nails are
being driven every day. The presence of the
miners in the neighborhood, the influx of
strangers by means of the Pacific railroad, the
publication of an opposition paper there, the
facility with which books and pamphlets are
sent there, the fact that preachers of any de-
nomination are allowed to express their views
even in the Tabernacle and to talk against
polygamy, the fact that the Vice President of
the United States, standing recently on the
piazza of the hotel at Salt Lake City, before
an immense audience of Mormons, proved out
of the book of Mormon itself that polygamy
is a crime and was forbidden as such in the
earlier and purer days of the church—I say all
these facts go to show that there is hope for
the Mormon community, and that we need not
plunge the nation into war in order to do away
with this nefarious system.
Now, sir, there is one feature in this bill
to which the gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Pitch] has not referred, and to which I wish
to call the attention of the House in the minute
left me. By one section of this bill the new-
born right of the Mormon women to exercise
the suffrage—which must be believed by mem-
bers of this House, and is certainly by many
intelligent men, to be the very means of dis-
integrating this polygamous system—is taken
away from them. The Mormon Legislature
conferred that right; but in comes the Com-
mittee on the Territories and says that Mormon
women shall not have the privilege of voting at
the polls. By this bill the power of voting is
confined to males. I say let us try the experi-
ment there; let us give an opportunity to these
women, at any moment they may desire, to
throw off this system and to so control the elec-
tion of officers as to accomplish that result.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House resolve
inself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order, being the
annual appropriation bill for legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses. At two o'clock I
will move that the committee rise, in order that
the House may proceed with the business
assigned for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Blair in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special order, being
the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1871.
The pending paragraph was the following:
' United States Patent Office:
Forcompensation of the Commissioner of the Pat-
ent Office, $4,500; for Assistant Commissioner, $3,000;
for chief clerk, $2,500; three examiners-in-chief, at
$3,000 each; twenty-two principal examiners, at
$2,500 each; twenty-one first assistant examiners, at
' $1,800 each; twenty-one second assistant examiners,
; at 61,600each; one librarian, $1,800; one machinist,
$1,600; five clerks of class four, si* clerks of class
i three, forty-five clerks of class two, and forty clerks
of class one; making in all, $278,400,
Mr. JENCKES. I move, in line seven hun-
; dred and ninety-one, after the word "each,"
to insert the words "two of whom may be
females," so that it will read "twenty-onesec-
ond assistant examiners, at $1,600 each, two of
whom may be females." The chairman of the
committee says there is no objection to the
amendment, and I will not, therefore, take up
time to advocate it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For twelve permanent clerks at $1,000 cacli, $12,000.
Mr. WA11D. I move to strike out the last
word, and I do so for the purpose of making
a suggestion to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, and to the House, to which I presume
there will be no objection. The action of the
House yesterday created an Assistant Commis-
sioner of Patents, with a salary of $o,000, mak-
ing the salaries of the officers charged with the
duties of Commissioner of Patents $7,500. I
see by going back, and I presume there will
be no objection to my making a remark about
it, that the Commissioner of Pensions, who dis-
charges an amount of labor, and has devolved
upon him duties of as much importance as the
Commissioner of Patents, has the beggarly
sum of §3,000. I suggest whether in justice
to that officer that is a fair compensation when
this House have increased the salary of Com-
missioner of Patents as 1 have indicated. We
all understand his duties. We know they are
laborious. We know that he cannot decently
live on that salary. As the House has mani-
fested liberality to the Commissioner of Patents,
I hope unanimous consent will be accorded to
me to go back and move that the salary of the
Commissioner of Pensions be fixed at $4,500.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object.
Mr. WARD. I withdraw my informal amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For thirteen copyists of drawings, at $1,000 each,
$13,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out " thir-
teen" and insert "fifteen," so as to make it
fifteen copyists at $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For six laborers at $600 each, $3,600.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to strike out" $600''
and insert " $720." Mr. Chairman, it will be
observed that these laborers are to be paid
$600 each. The ordinary price throughout
the bill has been $720, and I hope there will
be no objection to my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I tbink when I explain to
the gentleman who these are he will withdraw
his amendment. This applies to a class of
laborers, young men styled pages, who run
errands, and regular laborers are paid $720.
This salary of $600 has been fixed because
these are youths acting as pages.
Mr. AXTELL. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For contingent and miscellaneous expenses of the
Patent Office, namely: For illustrations of annual
report, stationery for use of office, furniture, fitting
rooms in east and west porticos, repairing, papering,
painting, ice, advertising, books for library, appeal
fees to judges of supreme court, moneys refunded,
printing engraved patent heads, international ex-
changes, plumbing, gas-fitting, extralabor on indexes
and abstracts for annual reports, fitting rooms over
porticos, temporary clerks, laborers, and draughts-
men, and other contingencies, $90,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the
words "fitting rooms in east and west por-
ticos. ''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike ont" appeal
fees to Judges of supreme court," and to
add at the end of the paragraph the following
proviso:
Provided, That no money shall be paid to the
chief just ioe or the_ associate justices of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia on an appeal to
either of them from the decision of tho Commis-
sioner of Patents; and section two of the act of
August 30,1852, is hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move to strike out" $90,000,''
and insert in lieu thereof " $50,000."
Mr._Chairman, I see that for the contingent
and miscellaneous expenses of the Patent Office
it is proposed to appropriate the immense sum
of $90,000. Without a more specific state-
ment of what this large amount is to be used
for, I am not inclined to vote for it. I inquire
of the chairman of the committee whether, as
