1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20$
fixed ammunition by requiring the ratification
of the fifteenth amendment, they have got
enough ljltro-glycerine of that character to blow
us up already ; so that we gain nothing by stop-
ping now and going back on our course.
But, allow me to say to" my friend from New
York that we shall give to the enemy a great
deal. of fixed ammunition if by refusing to
require the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment we thereby confess, as that Senator has
done this day, that our action in regard to the
fourteenth amendment was wrong. There is
where we furnish the fixed ammunition to our
friends on the other side. One Senator nods
his assent. We thereby make the confession
that the requirement heretofore made in regard
to the fourteenth amendment and the require-
ment heretofore made in regard to the fifteenth
amendment, in the cases of Virginia, Texas,
and Mississippi, was wrong. _ We make a con-
fession upon the record this day which they
will use against us, a,nd which has been already
used against us with force by the Senator from
New Jersey in his speech a few minutes ago.
No, sir; we dare not,make the confession as
consistent men. If we did it would be wrong.
What we did in requiring theratification of the
fourteenth amendment was right, and what we
did in regard to requiring the ratification of the
fifteenth amendment by Texas, Virginia, and
Mississippi was right] but if we shall now refuse
to require it of Georgia because we shall thereby
furnish the enemy fixed ammunition and be-
cause it would not be Settling the question, in
the language of the Senator from New York,
with decency and order, we are confessing that
all that we have done is Wrong and that the
fourteenth amendment is not'the law of tho
'an<^ . :
Mr. President, I Wieve that bur action in
regard to the fourteenth amendment was right;
I believe our action in regard to the fifteenth
amendment was right; and the reason for
applying this requirement in regard to Georgia
is stronger than it was in regard to any of tho
other States, because Georgia has behaved
worse—has she not—than any other State,
and therefore if it was proper to require these
things of tho other States, why shall we now
hesitate, why shall we declare our fears by
refusing to make the requirement of Georgia?
But one word before I pass from that point.
I must note what I consider tho inconsistency
of Senators on this question. While thoy will
not require it of Georgia as a condition-
precedent, the Senator irom^ Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] yesterday and 1 bclievo the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Caiu'ENTWi] declared
that thoy would requiro it as a condition-sub-
sequent  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nothing of tho kind,
Mr. MORTON. That although they would
not require .GeoVgia in advance to ratify tho
fifteenth amendment, yet they would refuse to
admit Georgia if she did not. They are willing
to coerce her in the end when, perhaps, coer-
cion would be bad faith. If wo shall now not
require this thing of Georgia it will be tanta-
mount to saying it is no condition of her
admission ; and when she conies here, having
done all that we can require her to do, with
Senators elefcted and Representatives elected
who, can take the lest oath, and we then turn
and say to her, as these Senators say, "You
cannot come in unless you ratify the fifteenth
amendment," that will be coercing her finally,
that will be making a condition-subsequent,
when good faith would require that we should
have made that condition in the first place.
Mr. President, I think it is a matter of vital
importance to this nation that the fifteenth
amendment should be ratified; and I think it
very likely, in view of the contingencies in sev-
eral of the States, that the final success of that
amendment depends upon the vote of Georgia.
If we in the Senate to-night shall require Geor-
gia to ratify it, it will be regarded throughout
this whole country as settling the question; for
with all the other contingencies against us, still
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 14.
if we require Georgia to ratify it the amend-
ment will be ratified, and then all opposition
will cease. The very moment it is announced
by the wires that this Congress has required
Georgia to ratify it as a condition of representa-
tion opposition to the amendment will cease.
The Democratic party will not make strenuous
exertions to secure the little handful of men
that hold the balance of power in the Ohio
Legislature. All doubt in regard to the Legis-
lature of Rhode Island will disappear in the
face of that vote; and in the face of that vote
the New York Legislature will not rescind her
ratification, because all will understand that
the ratification of the amendment has been
secured, and then all will want to be on the
strong side, and my distinguished friends from
Delaware and New Jersey, instead of further
denouncing the amendment, instead of further
denouncing the negro race, I imagine will be
found putting themselves in a position where
they will be acceptable to the new voters,
American citizens of African descent!
Then, in every point of view it is important
that we shall require Georgia to ratify thjs
amendment just as we have done with other
States. If we have done wrong it is too lato
now to talk about it. To go back in the case
of Georgia would be inconsistent: it would be
regarded as weakness, as cowardice;, and in-
stead ofbringing us respect would simply bring
us contempt, that contempt which has already
been manifested in strong language by tho Sen-
ator from New Jersey this evening. But, sir,
if we require Georgia to do it tho question is
settled from that very hour. It will bo regarded
as a certain thing, and all opposition will pass
away. But if wo fail to do it in tho case of
Georgia, in view of what we have done in re-
gard to tho fourteenth amendment, in view of
what wo have done in regard to the fifteenth
amendment, in view of our whole past course,
the country will understand that we have
changed our mind in regard to the fifteenth
amendment; the country will understand tlmt
wo littvo at least become indifferent to the fif-
teenth amendment; wo still leave the question
in doubt, and we thereby stimulate the enemies
of tho amendment in Ohio, in Rhode Island,
in Georgia, every where, to do what they can to
bring about, tho defeat of tho amendment.
Will the Legislature of Georgia an this sub-
ject j|0 any further than you require them?
No, sir; they will not. In my opinion there is
not one chanco out of fifty for the Legislature
of Georgia to ratify the amendment unless this
condition is placed in tho bill. As I said be-
fore, wo cannot tell tho condition of that Legis-
lature when it is called together. Several of
its members have been killed, a number have
been run out of tho State, some are missing,
some have resigned, and when they come to-
gether wo cannot tell whether or not there will
bo a Republican majority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
mo to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why would it not be well
then, in order to make the thing sure, to insert
an additional clause commanding the military
commander down there to put tho amendment
through, and compel people enough to vote for
it to adopt it at once?
Mr. MORTON. Ah, Mr. President, why
did not the Senator ask that question when he
voted to require the ratification of the fourteenth
amendment as a condition-precedent?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will permit
me to inform him that I never did anything of
the kind. I voted against it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator, then, is con-
sistent. He has been against this business from
the first. I am glad to understand that. I
know the Senator voted against this provision
in regard to Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas,
but I was not aware before thathe voted against
the original reconstruction bill which contained
it in regard to the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will permit
me, I will explain to him exactly what I did. I
voted against it in the case ofVirginia, Missis-
sippi, and Texas, and resisted it all in my power
upon the grounds that I stated yesterday, not
that I did not wish to attain the result, but I
wished to attain it in a way that would leave no
court and no future Congress anything on the
record to found a pretext upon for undoing
what we have done. But after the amendment
was inserted against my objection I voted for
the bill finally, yielding my judgment to that of
my friends, as 1 shall do in this instance if the
amendment'of the Senator from Indiana should
be adopted. I shall vote for'the bill, then, but
I think this provision very unwise.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we do not
ask the military to force the Legislature of
Georgia to ratify the amendment; we do not
propose to force it. All that argument about
coercion is without substance. But we have a
right to say to them "If you are not willing to
give us this security against future rebellion,
against future revolution in the State, you can
remain in your present condition; take your
choice.'' If there is coercion in that let it be
coercion.
Mr. President, in the absence of thisTequire-
ment the Legislature of Georgia will not ratify
the fifteenth amendment. The members of
that body would be at once besieged by their
enemies not to go further than Congress had
required them to go. They would be told by
tho rebel Democracy, "If you will refuse to go
further than Congress requires you to go we
will forgive all the past; we will support you."
Every influence, every argument, every induce-
ment will be brought to bear upon those men,
and they will not go further than Congress
requires tliein. But for this requirement Vir-
ginia would not liavo ratified the fifteenth
amendment. We know that just as well as wo
know anything. The Legislature of Tennessee,
elected at the same time with the Legislature of
Virginia, led by a Republican candidate for
Governor just as Virginia was, have spurned the
amendment. I believe it got but ten votes in
that body. Sir, this requirement in regard to
the fourteenth amendment and the requirement
in regard to tho fifteenth amendment in refer-
ence to Mississippi, Texas, and Virginia were
all that saved the fourteenth or that will save
the fifteenth amendment. And now, sir, when
the ratification hangs on the vote of one single
State, when we have come within just one State
of securing this amendment, and to secure that
we have got to do just what we have done
before, now to halt, now to fall back would be
regarded by the world as cowardice, would be
i-ogarded as a' confession, would be an aban-
donment of this amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
intend to prolong this debate at this late hour,
because I think we have been prepared to vote
! upon the bill for some time. I simply wish to
correct a misapprehension into which I find
my fellow-Senators have fallen in regard to the
action of Ohio on the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments. Perhaps that misapprehension
arose partly from the observations of my col-
league yesterday. He was not in his seat at
an earlier hour to-day or I should before have
made my observations.
Tho people of Ohio have never rejected
either the fourteenth or fifteenth amendment.
Indeed, I believe there has not been a time for
several years in the progress of events, cer-
tainly not since the fourteenth amendment was
proposed, when the fourteenth amendment
would not receive a majority of fifty or sixty
thousand votes in Ohio. That amendment, if
I recollect aright—I have not looked at the
record—was first proposed in 1866. It was
submitted to the people of the different States.
It was the main feature of the canvass of 1SGG
when members of Congress were elected, and
a very animated canvass occnrred throughout
the State of Ohio. President Johnson had
then separated in a measure from the party
that had elected him, and a canvass of a more
