1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4353
•whose appointments are made by tlie several beads
of Departments under the provisions of 1 w, shall,
from and after the 30th day of June, 1870, be the
fame as male clerks performing the like or similar
services; ami it shall be the duty of the several
heads of Departments so to classify said female
employes as to carry out, the provisions of this sec-
tion; and the amount necessary to pay the increased
compensation herein provided for for the year end-
ing June 30,1871, is hereby appropriated out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
And the heads of the several Departments are hereby
authorized to appoint female clerics who in:iy he
iound to be competent and worthy to any of the
grades of clerkships known to the law in the respect-
ive Department?, with the compensation belonging
to the class to which they may be appointed: but the
number of second, third, or fourth class clerks shall
not be increased by this section.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended that tiie Senate amendment be con-
curred in, with an amendment, to strike out
all after the enacting clause and insert the
following:
That hereafter, in the appointment and employ-
ment of elciks, copyists, and counters, or other em-
ployes in the several Departments of the Govern-
ment, there shall be no discrimination between males
and females; and it shall be lawful to appoint and
employ any competent and worthy person in such
positions without regard to sex; but the number of
clerks shall not be increased by this section.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I rise (o a question
of order. I desire to know if the Clerk lias
read correctly the last clause of the amendment
of the Committee. In their report it leads,
"but the number of first, second, third, or
fourth class clerks,&c.
The SPEAKEIt. The gentleman who re-
ported the amendment on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations modified it yester-
day, as he had a right to do. The Clerk has
read it correctly.
Mr. IIOGERS. As a good deal of comment
has been made upon (he remarks which I sa'o- j
milled on this question when it was formerly j
before the House, before this bill was sent to j
the Senate, I deem it due to myself, to tho !
House, and to the question under considera- j
tion, to make a few remarks now upon the !
subject generally. i
1 am opposed to this system of employing ;
female clerks in the Departments for the rea- j
sons which I gave in addressing the llouso j
when the question was formerly under consid-
eration. 1 believe that the system is totally
and radically wrong. I believe that it is an ;
innovation upon t'ae established usages ot tne \
country. I believe that it was a war mensine, j
and that at the conclusion of the war it ought j
to have been abolished. I believe, sir, that it
unsexes the more tender portion of our kind. j
It is, in my judgment, demoralizing and ca'.cu- ,
lated to reflect no credit upon the Government, i
and ultimately to do no good to the class wh.eii i
it is intended to benefit. _ _ . . I
Now, sir, apart from thisl object to it be- ;
cause the labor which is performed is not coi.i-
mensurate with the salaries which wo pay to i
these female clerks. I believe that, tne salaries ,
of employes of the Government go far biyonti
in many cases what they should be. f ho.--e
employes are paid better tuan any class of per-
sons or clerks in the United btates. Ihe-e
females, many of them, can perform the wont
assigned to them in the Departments;.bat tne
pay for the work which tney perforin is not
commensurate with tho prices paid lor simi-
tar work elsewhere. Again, sir, it is ur.cqua..
You are establishing a pries for female laoor
in the city of Washington, paying them out ot
the hard earnings of tiie people ot the country,
far higher than similar services are paia lor 1:1
any other portion of the country.^ 1 say, theie-
fore, that it is unjust to the laboring classes oi
this country and to the tax-payers of the coun-
try that you should pay iemales s?l,~00 tor
doing a little copying in the Departments here,
when the laboring  oraen of the country are
allowed only two or two dollars ana a halt a
week at most. You are establishing by this
precedent a principle at war with the interests
of the tax-payers of the country.
Now, let us look at tins question ior a mo-
ment. I find that the female clerks m the
41st Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 273.
Departments get from seven hundred and twenty
to twelve hundred dollars ayear for their labor.
And what sort of labor do they perform? How
long do they work during the day? Six hours,
I am told, is all that is required of tliem. They
receive $1,200 a year for six hours' labor a
day, when the laboring women of the country, as
I have said, obtain tor their labor only trom
one hundred to one hundred and fifty dollars
a year, and work from sunup to sundown. I
am called upon by this bill to vote away the
money of the people whom I represent and the
people of this country to foist upon the Gov-
ernment a set of females who, it may he, are
clever and respectable.
But let us go a little further 011 this subject.
I find that factory girls in Massachusetts and
111 the large cities ol New England are allowed
only two dollars or two dollars and a halt
a week lor their labor, and yet they work ten
hours a day. And gentlemen representing those
districts, with these things staring them in the
face, come in here and propose to give these
female clerks §1,200 a year.
[lfeie the hamiuer fell.]
Mr. AHNELL. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate
tho House 011 this advanced step taken by the
Committee on Appropriations. It was amid
some laughter that at an earlier period of the
session I mtioduced a bill to do justice to the
female eaiploies of the Government- Nov.",
sir, the Committee on Appropriations, tho lead-
ing committee of this Houfc, tho committee
holding tho puise-strings of tho nation, bring
in substantially the proposition which 1 had the
honor to make to tho House, and I lee! that
the good work has progressed considerably.
Now, sir, it has been well said that this is but
an act, of justice, and I ask the Cleric to read
tho extract which L send to tiie desk Irom the
report of the Treasurer of the United Stales.
The Clerk lead as foliows:
''But many who arc now employed in this olhce in
the handling ot money have, by ton^ inactive and
close application, become experts, and do as good,
iiiitlm many e,, better, otlicnii service than male
clerks who receive double their compensation.
"All tho coupon*, and all mutilated United States
notes and 1'raclionai eunency uio a^oitod, counted,
and prepared ior destruction by female cleiks.
""1'hio requires great oaro and patient labor, and
subjects these clerks to great rcspontnbdilies and
n.-di*, and not uufrequcntly to pecuniary losses.
Lr. li cqiientlv happens that a lady engaged in tho
counting ol money loses more than halt her month's
salary by lcason of having lo.-t money, 01 having
overlooked and piwcd over eountoi'leii notes. \■ ,
01101,'ho is at all acquainted rata the busine.-s oper-
ations of tins otnee wilt gaiit?av the lact that many
female clc.k.-., lcoeivmg only -v'.! ■'> per nun am, can do t
and do do more work ol tho kind mentioned, and do
it better, too, than any clerk 111 the Depart laeut re-
ceiving douole tneiri-alaiy possibly can. 0:i coupons
tlie experiment lias lat"!y been 1 hoiouglily tried and
tested. It was found that the work done by females
was done much better, and more was done 111 a given
time, than Paul been doae by the male clerks who
icecLve the larger salaries. In order to test thcdit-
creuco bctv. ecu the two kinds of clerks, 011 this
kind ol v/ork 1,1 ore thoroughly tec female clerks veic
required to review and rcconnt tho work of tho lualo
clerks; and it wasloand.thai, theynot only corrected
errors in the count, leit that they detected eoun-
tcincHbta it had not before been discovered, or known
to any po.-on conned eu with tho Treasury Ifcpart-
nient 1:1 tir , city o-- elsewhere, and that had been
overlooked by the male clerks 111 the otlices^whero
lacy were originally reeei\ed, and by tho-^e in this
oilicc. wno had counted them, lint, ior tlie tunely
discovery ot these counterleit coupons the Govern-
ment would have Miil'cred great lo-^.
"It has been remarked Ueic, all along, that the
remittances of mutilated cuirency to this otlicefroin
the olLcc m 1'hikidelphia ale bettor prepared, nunc
neatly done up, with ' e ■: misi ikes 111 count, and con-
taining Ico-s counterfeits, than Uio^e irom any otlier
otlice. The reason. is that that oilice employs lemalc
clerks, and it 13 the only one except this connected
with the Treasury that does.
"The lemalc clerk, in the Philadelphia ohico re-
ceive but ibi)0 per annum for work th:.t is better
done than that done by clerks in other otaces who
receive frum double to treble tho amountot salaries.
J?or such clerks simple justice is demanded."
Mr. AHNELL. So much in behalf of the
female clerks in the Treasury of the United
States. Now, sir, I had another object, and
doubtless the Committee on Appropriations
had a wider object than merely to serve the
interests of these female clerks. This whole
question affects directly the interests ol the
working women of this country. This amend-
ment infolds a principle that in its growth will
overturn a world of injustice. The mere rec-
ognition 011 the part of the American Congress
of the legal light of women to equal work and
equal pay for that work cannot bo overestimated.
It will indirectly increase tho pay and wages of
the factory girls of New England, and not do
them an injustice, as is urged by the gentleman
from Arkansas.
The proposition is in Iho interest of the
working women of the entire country. It is
the recognition of a common human right that
is to be participated in by woman and man,
universally, like the common sunshine and
the air we breathe. Man has been unjust to
woman. What we call civilization from age
to age has brought to man wider freedom, yet
lias but little relaxed the iron subjugation of
woman. None but women are treated as polit-
ical pariahs; and now that we are engaged as
a nation in breaking up the serfdoms of the
woild I would have this injustice and barbar-
ism of the past consigned to its tomb. Yet I
am gravely told that this will upset our social
system. My opinion is that it will correct great
and long-standing evils. The poor pay of
woman is an undervaluation of her as a human
being. 1 seo in tho removal of this disability
immediate reformation in our social life. I
see in ita new and better future opening upon
labor, a new and better life for woman. I seo
in it poverty and crime drawing to a narrower
corner. I see in it woman sitting no longer,
as Hood has it, <;in unwomanly rags," plying
her needle and thread, singing the "dolorous
Song of the Shirt," but woman walking forth in
broader, nobler freedom, the equal and com-
panion of man, imparting a new dignity to toil.
And I know that 111 this proposed affirmative
action Congress will have the thanks and
gratitude of two million live hundred thou-
sand American women.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I should bo glad to seo the
Senate ameiidmc.it adopted 011 this subject of
the employment of female clerks, fori believe
it involves a righteous and just principle. I
think the Representatives of the people in a
couutry like ours should not tolerate the idea
of making any discrimination between the sexes
in the m atter of payment for services performed.
Labor performed by a female is as valuable as
if performed by a man, and should entitle the
laborer to the same compensation. 1 bold that,
a female who performs as much labor and as
well as a male is entitled to the same compen-
sation (hat would be given to a male for the
same services.
I do not think that any gentleman 011 this
floor, not even the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. UooEits,] can stand up in the presence
of the American people and say that he would
pay to a woman less compensation than to a
man for the same services. Such a discrim-
ination is unjust and unmanly. No gentleman
will be willing to support any such discrim-
ination. These female clerks are employed;
and the question is, upon what basis shall they
receive their pay? Shall tliey receive the same
compensation for the same labor that is paid
to male clerks?
I should doubt the manhood of a gentleman
who could answer in the negative. ,l>ut even if
tho Senate amendment should not be adopted,
and the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations should bo agreed
to, I think very great progress will be made in
the right direction, and for the very excellent
reason mentioned by the gentleman from Ten'
nessee, [Mr. Auneli,.] Here at least, in the
Departments of the Government, we arc at-
tempting to introduce a principle whicn is to
profit the whole country, and tho importance
of which will appear more and more, year altei
year, as our pomilation increases—an increase
in the employments of women. Unless tne
employments of females are enlarged, an
their compensation increased so that they may
obtain by their industry the necessaries ol lue,
