187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1521
be is on the economical line, it is not possible
to reduce somewhat this large sum of $90,000
appropriated for these contingent expenses ?
Mr. DAWES. This item was $120,000 last
year. We have cut it down $30,000. The gen-
tleman from New York will bear in mind that
this appropriation includes whatever it is neces-
sary to pay back for any cause to applicants for
patents who obtain them. And there are also
paid out of the appropriation all snms which
for any cause have to be paid out by the Pat-
ent Office. The money otherwise would be
paid into the Treasury, and cannot be used with-
out an appropriation. Lastyear, therefore, we
made an appropriation for the contingent fund
of $120,000. This year we try to get along
with $90,000, a saving of $30,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For printing or photographing, or otherwise pro-
ducing copies of drawings, for use of office and for
sale, $50,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding to it the following
words: "provided that such copies eh all be
sold at actual cost."
Mr. DAWES. I do not see why the Patent
Office should not make a little profit out of
this. I may state that these have cost the
Department heretofore two dollars; that is
now reduced fifty cents. The study of the
Department has been to reduce all these
charges as much as practicable. I think it
would be a small thing to put the proposed'
proviso in the bill, and I do not see that there
is any objection to the present system.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveyor general of Montana, $3,000. and for
the clerks in his office, $3,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
out "$3,000" after the word "office" ana
inserting "$4,000." The amendment is in
correction of an error.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For surveyor general of Utah Territory, $3,000,
and the clerks in his office, $4,000; and so much of
section three of the act or March 2,1805, as estab-
lishes the office of recorder of land titles in Mis-
souri, is hereby repeated, and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office is herewith directed to
cause the archives and muniments of said office to be
transferred to the office at Washington.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
like to inquire of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations what is the object
of abolishing the office of recorder of land
titles in Missouri ? •
Mr. DAWES. There is att officer in the
State of Missouri who has nothing to do but
to keep the old files that have come down from
the time of the French. This officer gets $500
a year, and I understand he has got it so long
that he thinks he is entitled to retain the office.
But he really does not have anything to do in
the world; and the committee thought, on
consultation with the Land Office, that this
was the proper place for having the custody
of those files; here in the central office at
Washington.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is this
recommended by the Commissioner of the
Public Lands? ; •
Mr. DAWES. It is not recommended Tjy
the Commissioner. The Commissioner Bug-
fested that the files be kept in some office in
lissouri, and that the $500 should be expended
to pay for their being kept. The gentleman at
the head of the Land Office is an excellent gen-
tleman ; but he desires that everybody should
he well paid for anything he does. Bat the
Committee on Appropriations think that the
titles can be as well kept on file here.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move
to strike out the whole of the section after
"$4,000." I think that unless recommended
by the Commissioner of Public Lands the
clause of the act referred to ought not to be
repealed.
41st Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 96.
Mr. DAWES. It seemed to the committee
that if these old archives ought to be pre-
served the best place and the proper place for
i keeping them is at the central Land Office here.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. They are
preserved now where they can be consulted by
- the persons interested. If removed from the
city of St. Louis to Washington they would be
out of the reach of those persons.
Mr. DAWES, I would have no objection
to transfer their custody to any officer of the
land department at St. Louis who would take
care of them without additional charge. But
these old land records are not peculiar to Mis-
souri, but apply to the old Louisiana territory,
and here is the proper place for them. I hope
the amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of Agriculture:
For compensation of Commissioner of Agriculture,
$3,000; chief clerk, $2,000; entomologist, $2,000;
chemist, $2,000; superintendentof ox peri mental gar-
dens and grounds, $2,000; statistician, $2,000; dis-
bursing clerk, $1,800; superintendent of seed-room,
$1,800; librarian,$1,800; botanist, $1,400; threeclerks
of class four, four clerks of class three, six clerks of
classtwo,seven clerks of class one; engineer, $1,400;
superintendent of folding-room, $1,200; assistant
superintendentof garden and grounds, $1,200; assist-
ant superintendent of seed-room, $1,200; three copy-
ists, at $1,000 each; two attendants in museum, at
$1,000 each; chief messenger, $850; two assistant
messengers, at $720 each; one carpenter, at $720;
three watchmen at $720 each, and six laborers at
$720 each; making in all, $67,880.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend that par-
agraph by inserting between line eight hundred
1 and eighty-one and eight hundred and, eighty-
j; two the words " assistant chemist, $1,600."
Mr. Chairman, this amendment does not pro-
j pose to create a new office ; it only continues
in existence an humble but very useful one.
For years past I have been quite indifferent to
I the appropriations made for the Agricultural
] Department except for some few purposes,
j because there was not at the head ot the De-
! partment, in my judgment, a man who appre-
lj ciated the high office or was capable of exe-
I cuting its functions advantageously. All this
is changed, and I regard the Department now
j; as one of the greatest utility, and no part of it
more so than the laboratory. I doubt whether
in this brOad oountry there is so well-appointed
a laboratory .that has cost so little. Much of
the valuable apparatus has really been extem-
porized by the gentleman who fills the office to
; which my amendment refers, that of assistant
i chemist. If gentlemen from any part of the
I country desire soil, minerals, or agricultural
j products tested, there it can be done, well done,
j thoroughly done, and the result honestly given.
| I think the committee foiled to consider this
| question, and struck out this office without ref-
! erence to its value to the country and the very
; trivial amount of the pay this officer receives.
| I doubt whether the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations will make any vigorous
opposition to this small increase—an increase
j only in the bill and not in the public expend-
j itures. The farming interest of the country is
! more largely interested in the retention of this
$1,600 office than in atiy subordinate office in
any of the Departments of the Government.
It is also useful to every other industry in the
country, and preeminently so to the mining
districts. It seems to me that to save $1,600
by abolishing this office, the consequent loss—
a loss to the people at large—would be more,
far more, than $1,600,000;- and I therefore
hoperty amendment will be sustained.
Mr. DAWES. This matter lias been care-
fully examined by the Committee on Appro-
priations. They examined into all the appro-
priations made heretofore for the Department
of Agriculture and what is asked for the pres-
ent year. I accord to the present incumbent
of the office of Commissioner of Agriculture
all that has been claimed for him by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and find as much
satisfaction as he possibly can in the contrast
between him and bis predecessor. The appro-
priations for the Agricultural Department for
the last four years have been as follows: in
1867, $149,000; in 1868, $178,220; in 1869,
$175,245; and in 1870, the present year,
$141,440, But there was asked this year, for
the next year, $196,070. The committee, while
according to the Commissioner every credit that
is due to him for a desire to make his Depart-
ment all he can, have felt that they could not
appropriate for him all he has asked for that
Department—$196,070. They felt that it was
necessary to curtail that estimate and bring it
down, if possible, somewhere near the appro-
priation for the current year. The committee
consulted with him several times. They have
striven to make the reduction where it will
not cripple the office at all; where it will leave
it as efficient as heretofore, and as far as they
are able, to furnish him with the means of
carrying it on with as great usefulness as
heretofore and with such progress as the pro-
gress of the art requires. They have out
down the appropriations upon consultation,
with him. I do not meah to intimate that it
was done with his full consent, but with his con-
sent, if we must cut down, that we should cut
down in particular places. We have given him
a chemist with a salary of $2,000. We do not
wish to cripple the laboratory. We have gone
through his estimates with that spirit, and I
think he himself will accord to us a desire to
put his Department upon as firm a footing as
it ever was and to give him the means of carry-
ing it on as efficiently as any Department of
the Government; but still we were obliged to
cut down somewhere, and it was the opinion
of the whole committee that we should not
cripple him at all by taking away the assistant
chemist.
Mr. CREBS. I desire to make but a remark
or two upon this subject. This Department of
Agriculture has been increasing from year to
year from the time it was first organized until
the present time. Now, while the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
has well remarked that the amount of appro-
priations asked for this year is greater than it
was last, yet I think it is but just to this Depart-
ment that the increase asked for this year should
be made. The agricultural interests of the
country are the interests, of greatest importance.
Of that fact there can be no doubt and no ques-
tion. It is the duty of this Government to foster
that interest. The atnendment proposed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kkli-ey]
is to add another chemist to the Department
of Agriculture. I have had occasion, as a
member of the Committee on Agriculture, to
examine into this matter to some extent.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to correct the gentle-
man in one respect.
Mr. CREBS. Very well.
Mr. KELLEY.. The gentleman mistakes
the character of my amendment. It doesnot
make an addition to the force. of tJie'Depart-
ment, but merely maintain1* K pla&e already
existing. .-n.
Mr. CREBS. The geiittematt has corrected
my statement. Ihaatnisunderstood lpspfflend-
ment. As Iuftderstand the joaatter,-this office
is neoeeswy- I find by reference to the report
of the Commissioner of Agriculture for last
year that much attention has been given by
this Department to the subject of the cattle
disease in our western.country; and that one
single subject alonfc requires atth6 bands of
this Congress if the Commissioner of Agri-
culture even desires an additional chemist
that be should be given to him. The inform-
ation we get through the report of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture upon that subject
alone is wortb thousands, ay, tens of thou-
sands of dollars to the Whole western eountry.
I indorse with pleasure the amendment which
has been moved by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. KteLiiE^. J The sum asked for,
I believe; is only $1,600, and I hope it will
be appropriated to the Department of Agricul-
ture in the interests of the great West, and I
might say not only in the interests of the great
