508
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
Ho. of Ebps.
Belligerent Bights of Guba—Mr. Ambler,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
boats or ships of war and fitting them out as
such in our ports for either party, and to this
extent would be right and equal, it would also
entitle the Spanish Government, under the
treaty of 1795 and the law of nations, to greater
rights on the sea as to our merchant marine,
and would actually prevent rather than aid the
exportation of arms to Cuba.
The question to be determined is, whether
such a formal declaration is justifiable under
(he actual condition of things now existing?
There is no difference of opinion in the com-
mittee, nor, as I apprehend, in the House, as
to the duty of the Government to maintain a
strict neutrality in fact; the only question is
as to the proper action of the Government to
accomplish this end. It is not pretended but
that the bill reported by the minority will be
just as effectual to accomplish the purpose—
if actual neutrality is the purpose—as will the
resolutions of the majority; and 1 desire to say
that to my mind, this being conceded, the con-
duct of the friends of the Cuban cause, now
and at all times so largely represented in the
galleries and lobbies of the House, in pressing
upon the Administration and the Government
the formal recognition of the Cuban insurrec-
tionary government by name, is the best assur-
ance that they want something more than strict
neutrality. _ I think there can be no dispute as
to their object. They desire us, by a formal
recognition, to say thatthc government of Cuba
is in such sense established as to be entitled to
consideration as a nation ; not yet independ-
ent, but entitled to bo regarded as abolligerent;
and tne effect of this will be a certain amount
of moral support to the insurgent party. In
other words, the object sought to be attained
by the proposed action of the House, is, in the
name and under the pretense of neutrality, to
aid one of the belligerents, and in my judg-
ment, unless ilie (acts exist which would war-
rant. such a declaration, without regard to our
sympathies, any such action is unjustifiable and
wiong and a clear departure from the settled
and long-esl ablished policy of tile Government.
Bui, sir, it is claimed that the Government
should have long since proclaimed its neutral-
ity; it is claimed that tlu; Administration is
derelict in this, that the struggle has been per-
mitted to progress two years nearly, and yet
we have said nothing iormallyasto our course
toward il ; have not declared our neutrality;
have refused to recognise Cuba us entitled to
the rights et a belligerent. Now, ui my mind,
this is not a question ol time. A Govern-
ment, may m a week become so established as
to be enutled to recognition ; it may .struggle
on for a decade and never attain that position.
Why, sir, in 181:! Venezuela and other .Span-
ish colonies in South America revolted; in
181'J they declared their independence, and
under the lead of that great man, Simon Bol-
ivar, attempted by war to obtain and maintain
it. The struggle continued until 182:5, until,
in fact, the Spaniards had been overthrown i
and d nven from the country, and itwas a year !
after i,ait before there was a single formal I
act ol tins Government in recognition of their
belligerent, lights, our first formal recognition
hemgby the treaty oi 1821. Before that, when
occasion required and justified, we accorded
them such bclbgercnt iights as they seemed
'■ntnleuto ; but we made 110 formal declaration
umii, having established their independence,
we 1 ecognixed the fact, and admitted them into
[He tamijy ol nations in so far as our recogni-
tion could have that effect.
It has been the policy ot this Government,
a policy which originated during the adminis-
liation of it usuington, to avoid participation
in we ahairs 01 others. When, in the war
•jetween rranee and Great Britain, shortly
alter our independence, the French minister
presuming upon the fact that his Government
had been our friend in the revolutionary strug-
gle, attempted to violate our neutrality, and
arm and equip cruisers in our ports, he was
met with the objections that the circumstances
required. I11 a great measure the principles
then laid down have been adopted into the law
of nations, and thus this Government is the
author of the modern ideas of neutrality. Our
policy, as then established, has from that time
until now been persistently pursued; and when
gentlemen assault the President because he
has not interfered in the Cuban difficulty they
quarrel with him because he has followed the
traditional policy of the Government in all
such struggles in every part of the world.
The committee, Mr. Speaker, in the syn-
opsis of their propositions, tell us that they
propose—
1. Tho recognition of an existing armed eontcst
for liberty in Cuba.
2. The neutrality of tho United States in that
3. To place Cubans upon an equal footing with
Spaniards in regard to intercourse and trade with
tho United States.
-l..To interpose the protest of the United States
against tho barbarous manner in which tho war has
been conducted.
Now, as to the latter proposition, I have
simply to suggest that it is unnecessary and
gratuitous that we should say a word on the
subject. One would suppose"from the claims
made that the President had failed in his duty,
has not protested against the barbarities of the
Spaniards in the contest. How else can we just-
ity the eloquent appeals of gentlemen fur such
interference? How else understand the claim
of the eloquent gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr, Banks] that we are responsible for all
this cruelty and bloodshed? And yet, sir, if
gentlemen will examine tho correspondence
and documents upon this subject on their tables,
they will find that the Secretary of State has
protested to the Spanish minister here, has
instructed our minister at Madrid to protest to
the Spanish Government, and has never failed
to make protest in season and out of season
against the criminal disregard of humanity and
the rules of civilized warfare which has char-
acterized this internecine struggle. Sir, what
more would gentlemen have? in what has the
Administration failed that, its attention should
be thus called by this House to its duty in this
regard ?
it is true, sir, that these protests have not
had such effect as we all would desire, thatthese
inhuman barhanties have been continued, that
prisoners havo been shot, and innocent non-
combatants imprisoned and murdered. This
may furnish reasons for other action; but if the
majority of the committee think so, why do they
not designate what in their judgment that fur-
ther action should be, and not by implication
condemn the Administration by requesting this
action on its part, thus assuming that it needs
to be prompted? I see 110 reason why this
House should step aside from its ordinary busi-
ness for the purpose of instructing the Admin- !
istration in the discharge of a duty that" has
already been well and faithfully performed.
Again, they tell us that great barbarities have
been committed, not only upon the insurgent
Cubans, but also upon our unoffending citizens.
The distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] spoke of these things to-day
in words which moved the heart of every mem-
ber of tho House. He told us of the enormi-
ties that had been practiced upon our citizens
and others, and I was sorry to hear him inti-
mate that the Administration had been derelict
in its duty in this regard, and had failed to pro-
tect our citizens as the citizens of other Gov-
ernments had beeu protected.
Now, sir, I do not believe this attack is war-
ranted by the fae+s in the case. I have failed
to find that the citizens of the United States
are or have been in worse condition than other
inhabitants of Cuba ; and while it has been
said that others were better protected, I have
failed to find evidence that justified the state-
ment. The late acting vice consul of the Uni-
ted States at Santiago de Cuba, Mr. Phillips,
perhaps more than any other person, gave
currency to these reports, and yet he has
caused to be laid on our desks to-day a state-
ment which in my mind refutes the claim.
When he was abouk leaving Santiago he tells
us that he desired to stay, but was being driven
away for want of necessary protection, and
desired the British consul to afford him the
protection of his flag. He speaks in highly
complimentary terms of the disposition and
inclination of this gentleman to afford him any
protection or aid in his power, and yet tells
us that—
" That gentleman, ever ready to aid mo in all pos-
sible manner, replied that if my flag would not pro-
tect me, ho was sure his own would not; in fact, that
no one was safe, not any foreign consul. By his
advice, and that of my other iriends, X therefore
resolved to leave as soon as possible."
The condition of things in Cuba is such that
there is 110 security for life or property of either
natives or foreigners; but it is, as I think, a
mistake to suppose that Americans are in
greater peril than others, except as they in-
crease their peril by avowing sympathy with
or giving aid to the insurgents.
But while a fearful condition of anarchy and
barbarity exists, I cannot refrain from calling
the attention of the House to the as I think
unnecessary attempts to exaggerate the true
condition by the invention of fictitious incidents
of barbarism. As an instance, 1" append the
following from the New York Sun of Octo-
ber 5, 18(59, being an extract from its Havana
letter of September 25 :
"Another American aiwwwinated. — IXow easily
Americans aro murdered,in foreign lands and then-
assassinators escape punishment or even reproof
has bcon exemplified so frequently that it seem*,
useless even to chronicle their death. Not many
weeks ago Mr. Itobert Wells, a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, and of lato yeais a foreman in a Jer-
sey City machine-shop, camo to Cuba to arrange tho
settlement of his tattler's estate or property, lclt Iran
at his death. From this city he went to Cientuegos,
whore his father loft some unsettled accounts. Him-
self and two friends were walking by tho Spanish
barracks one evening aboutthreo weeks since, when
the sentinel on duty called Ins ' Quien vieve '—who
comes there—in a smothered tone. Neither I10 nor
his friends hearing tho call, they walked 011. The
sentinel, enraged at havingno response, rushed upon
tho three gentlomen and gavo Mr. Wells a bayonet
thrust, from which he died three days afterward,
ills brother-in-law arrived here day bof'oro yesterday
from NcwYoik, expecting to carry his body back.
His family reside in Lawrence street, Brooklyn.
Nothing tobedone, wcfitidon making inquiry at the
consul general's office. XhegreatUnitcd Statesdocs
nothing but exchange consular notes when an Amcri-
canis murdered in aforoign land. How differontwith
the Britons I When young Ferguson was arrested at
Manzaiiillo, the English consul there chartered and
sent a sailing vessel to Nassau to inform tho British
commander there that a British subject was in dan-
ger. iho result was Unit two British men-of-war
were sunt to Manzanillo to take Ferguson, either
peaccably or forcibly. Ho was taken away. When
the Spanish commander there hesitated to surrender
him, the commander of tho English frigate sent him
word he must do so or I10 would bombard the city."
Here is a story, one of many, published with
all the particularity of detail to give it an air
of truth, and yet our consul at Cienfucgos,
Mr. Morris, informs us that it is pure inven-
tion ; thnt no such person was ever known
there. Understand me, Mr. Speaker, i am
not here to justify the conduct of the Spanish
Government, not even to apologize for it.
There is enough to complain of, I know. At
least three American citizens—Speakraau,
Wyeth, and Portuoundo—have been murdered
in Cuba. Whether they violated any law or
not they were denied the decencies of a trial;
and I do not for a moment claim that, their
execution was justifiable, or that we should
not insist on reparation. But, sir, the Admin-
istration has been insisting on reparation, and
I believe the present Government at Madrid
is disposed to do all in its power to give us
reparation for the past and to prevent such
occurrences in the future. Our own Govern-
ment will he derelict in its duty if it spares any
