4354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
the American people cannot complain if the
social evils of our country are not only con-
tinued but largely increased.
I shall vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ate, though I presume it will not be adopted,
for many members of this Ilouse will defer
to the recommendation of the Committee on
Appropriations to non-concur in that amend-
ment.. Butif theamendmentshould beadopted
which has been recommended by that commit-
tee a great good will be accomplished; for these
female clerks when employed as they are now,
in numerous instances employed in the higher
clerkships, will receive the same compensation
that male clerks now receive for similar ser-
vices. I am not certain but in some aspects
of the question the proposition of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations may be the better one,
for it will perhaps give employment to a much
larger number of female clerks at the $900
salary than would otherwise be employed.
Theemploymentor laborin the Departments
here is that for which females are peculiarly
well adapted. In counting money and tending
the printing presses their services are especially
valuable. And I think it is an exhibition of
unmanly spirit on the part of men, who have
such a wide range of employment to resort to,
to press forward into places which can be as
well or better filled by females, when the range
of female employment is so restricted. Indeed,
I would be glad to see every place in the De-
partments here filled by females, where the
services required can be performed as well by
them as by male clerks. That would be a great
good on the part of the Government and a
great benefit to the people of this country.
Increase the circle of female employments, and
secure a fair compensation to women for their
labor, and you promote every interest of public
and private virtue.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose the question
that underlies this amendment is being consid-
ered not only by the women but by the men
throughout the land. Having due regard to
the future of our daughters, wo should be will-
ing that every reasonable facility for the ad-
vancement of the women of America shall be
granted, and that due weight shall be given to
every argument for their benefit. I know this
was the sentiment that influenced the Commit-
tee on Appropriations of this House in recom-
mending this substitute for the amendment of
the Senate. It was demanded, and with rea-
son, that for the labor done by women there
should be the same compensation given as for
the same labor done by men. It was demanded
that there should be no discrimination on ac-
count of sex in the compensation given for
labor performed. The Committee on Appro-
priations desired to accomplish this, as it
readily can be, without further burdening the
Treasury. Therefore, the committee bring
forward this amendment, that provides for an
exact accord and equality of rights between
men and women; not merely in the higher
clerkships, but in the places of copyists,
counters, and other employes.
U nder the amendment proposed by the House
committee, a man, being as competent as a
woman, may become a counter of money in the
Treasury Department, or a copyist, positions
which are now held exclusively by females ;
and, on the other hand, a woman may become a
first-class, second-class, third-class, or fourth-
class clerk, or any other employe in the De-
partments. Here we have the perfect equality
which is asked for. We do not provide that
persons who are now filling offices at $900 per
annum shall have §1,200, as the Senate amend-
ment does ; for that is a mere raising of sala-
ries, and not the vindication of a principle.
That would needlessly burden the Treasury
from three hundred and fifty to four hundred
!.tnd fifty thousand dollars annually. In the
stringent pressure upon us for economy cer-
tainly we cannot afford to raise salaries beyond
the public necessity to secure faithful service.
I think gentlemen of this House will pause
before making so large an addition to the bur-
dens of the Government, not merely for this
year, but for an indefinite time in the future.
If we provide that where a woman is compe-
tent for any position in any of the Departments
or any branch of the Government she may
be appointed to such a position, receiving the
same pay as a man would receive if he filled
the position, we do all that principle requires.
We throw open the road to appointment and
promotion to women, now only open to men.
In this we certainly concede the whole princi-
ple ; and I ask the House not to go beyond this
by saying that the salary of every position now
held by a woman shall be increased. There
may be men willing to take these subordinate
places and discharge the duties at the pay now
given to women; and as long as we are willing
that women now occupying these places may
be promoted to higher positions if they have
the ability to fill them and get the higher pay,
it seems to me we concede all that any one can
reasonably ask. The necessary effect of this
amendment is to give a woman the pay of any
place to which she may be appointed, and to
open any place to her.
By this measure we make but a proper con-
cession to the spirit of the age, and to the
truth which underlies what is called the
"woman's suffrage movement." I believe I
can say for nearly every man in this House,
and for every fair-minded man in the coun-
try, that whenever it shall be demonstrated
that a majority of the women of America
are in favor of exorcising the right of suf-
frage, or are in favor of anything which shall
be deemed by themselves conducive to their
happiness, the men will be found willing to
concede it to them with gladness. I speak for
myself decidedly that I will vote to invite
women to the ballot-box whenever I am con-
vinced that they-desire it, and meanwhile I will
vote for any measure that they deem to their
advantage, consistent with public duty. In
any event, they are one half of the people of
this land, and possess one half of its intelli-
gence and more than half of its virtue. When-
ever they make their will known upon their
own interests it will be respectfully considered,
it will be obeyed. This amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations is a concession
in that direction, and I hope it will be agreed
to, and that the national example will be felt
in the increased compensation of laboring
women everywhere.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. I concur in what the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] has said;
but I wish to inquirg of him whether the Sen-
ate amendment will not increase the compen-
sation of female employes in the Departments,
without reference to their competency or the
value of their services?
Mr. SARGENT. I think so.
Mr. WILLAttD. Mr. Speaker, I think that
some gentlemen here do not understand the
effect of the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. The amendment of
the Senate would give to female clerks the
same pay that is given to male clerks for sim-
ilar work ; and I have not yet heard any one
seriously deny the justice of this proposition.
The Committee on Appropriations propose to
defeat the object intended to be accomplished
bv the Senate amendment by substituting the
following:
That hereafter, in the appointment and employ-
ment of clerks, copyists, and counters, or other em-
ployts in the several Departments of the Govern-
ment, there shall be no discrimination between
males arid females; and it shall be lawful to appoint
and employ any competent and worthy persons in
such positions without regard to sex ; but tile num-
ber of seoond, third, or fourth class clerks shall not
be increased by this section.
What will be the operation of this provis-
ion, if it be adopted? Whenever hereafter
a vacancy shall occur, from any cause, in
any of these grades of clerkships, it will be
within the power of the officer in charge of the
Department to appoint to that vacancy a mail
or a woman, as he may choose; but the only
advantage given to the female clerks is the
chance of being promoted from their present
positions as vacancies may occur in the higher
grades now occupied exclusively by men.
When so promoted they will get the same pay
as men holding corresponding positions. But
the proposition of the House Committee does
not increase the pay of a single female employ^
in the Departments at the present time. It
only changes what the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] says has been the con-
struction of the Departments, that no woman
can be employed in these higher grades of
clerkships.
Now, sir, I stated at the outset that I-had
not-heard any one seriously claim here that it
was not just to pay the clerks in the Depart-
ments of the Government, equally, without re-
spect to sex, for equal work. It is urged, and
I agree there is force in it in an economical
point of view, that if the amendment of the
Senate be adopted it will cost the Government
three or four hundred thousand dollars a year.
This is forcible, as an economical proposition;
but, sir, we should not allow that to stand in
the way of doing simple justice. What it costs
this Government to do justice is money well
expended. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] says it is true economy. I agree
to that amendment. What it costs the Gov-
ernment to do justice is the truest economy.
I hold that this Government owes it to the
women of the country, in view of what the
women of the country did for the Government
during the long years of our trial in putting
down the rebellion, that they shall no longer
be held in a subordinate position and treated
as inferiors; that it shall say to them there
shall be hereafter no position under this Gov-
ernment for which they are fitted which shall
not be open to them equally with men; that
when they do the work of any of their brothers
in any office under the Government they shall
have the same pay their brothers have; that
their brains are worth as much, that their labor,
their energy, their industry are all worth as
much as the labor, the industry, the energy,
and the brains of anybody. As was remarked
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Eel-
ley,] when the matter was before the House
some months ago, and before the bill was sent to
the Senate, if the women of the country had
the ballot to-day—as I believe they ought to
have it—then this House would be found voting
unanimously for this proposition, instead of
caviling and carping and saying that we can
employ these women for $900, and therefore
the Government ought to save the money that
the increased pay would take out of the Treas-
ury. We can undoubtedly employ male clerks
for $900, or even $G00, but if a proposition to
reduce the pay of males should come before
the House we should be told that they earned
more money and needed more pay, and should
therefore have it. I insist that the same rule
and the same justice should be invoked for
the women of the country.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont whether if the word " hereafter" be
stricken out the amendment would not be re-
lieved from the feature objectionable to him ?
Mr. WILLAED. Not at all. This amend-
ment only allows females to be put in vacant,
clerkships as those vacancies occur. It does *
not raise the pay of a single clerk, but prac-
tically nullifies the measure of justice which,
with a clear sense of the great wrong hitherto
done in saying that no woman, however well
she may perform her work, and however much
she may do, shall be paid more thau $900 a
year, the Senate has passed.
Mr. MAYNARD. What objection is there
to leaving these words ''male" and " female"
entirely out of the law ? Then the Departments
will have full discretion to employ men or
women as they may choose.
Mr. WILLARD. 1 have no objection to
the proposition stated by the gentleman from
