1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Belligerent Rights of Cuba—Mr. Ambler.
Ho. of Reps.
pains to prevent such outrages, if it fails to
give our citizens in Cuba all the protection in
its power. But I cannot think that any action
in its power or in the power of other Govern-
ments short of actual war and invasion of the
island will afford absolute relief; and the ex-
ecutive administration is not the war-making
power in this Government.
The condition of affairs ia Cuba is anoma-
lous and peculiar. The Spanish Government
itself is powerless to enforce the laws. The
volunteers, so called, dominate the nominal
government of the island, and the actual con-
dition of things is anarchy. A brutal, bloody,
organized mob, well armed and reckless, com-
posed of the worst of Spanish desperadoes, is
the actual ruling power. It deposes the Captain
General, and dictates and executes murders
and robberies without control, and adds to the
fearful atrocities that have usually attended
revolutions in Spanish American countries the
terrors and crimes resulting from its irrespons-
ible interference. It is a fearful condition of
things, and I do not wonder that the eloquent
gentleman was able to awaken our indignation
and harrow up our feelings by his earnest
description ; but I confess my inability to
understand the connection between these evils
and any proposed action on the part of Con-
gress. I do not perceive how the proposed
resolutions will in any way affect or mitigate
this anarchy and barbarity. If I did, I would
cheerfully give them my support.
Daes the gentleman propose to declare war
against Spain? No, sir; he confines his reme-
dies to a recognition of belligerent rights and a
protest against barbarities. Then, why does
he shock our feelings by this recapitulation?
Has all this any relation to the question as to
whether Cuba shall be regarded as a belliger-
ent? I think it will not be claimed that it has.
These enormities are thrown into the debate to
awaken our indignation and thus obscure our
judgments. It is an attempt, by awakening
our prejudices against one of the parties, to
induce us to recognize as a fact an alleged con-
dition of affairs which is not shown to exist by
any sufficient evidence.
I cannot pass to a consideration of the ques-
tions which in my judgment should determine
this controversy without expressing my regret
that gentlemen should have endeavored to
reflect on the President for his message of yes-
terday. He has been assailed for this com-
munication, has been accused of bad taste,
and—but I hardly think gentlemen mean this
seriously—as attempting to unduly and im-
properly influence the action of the House. It
is not claimed but that he has a constitutional
right to make such a communication, but the
time, it is said, was inopportune. Well, sir,
I do not think so. The matterwas under con-
sideration, and he sends us what I maintain is
a calm, dispassionate, and impartial statement
of the present condition of affairs in Cuba,
and considering the efforts that have been made
by interested parties connected with the Cuban
junta at New York to color and distort the
circumstances of the struggle, the persistent
falsification of the facts, I do_ not think it was
either unwise or in bad taste in this manner to
give us the conclusions of the Executive as to
the actual condition; that department being
supposed to be more fully advised as to the
facts than any other, by its official correspond-
ence with our commcrcial agents in the island.
I confess I regret the reference in the message
to the alleged attempts on the part of the Cu-
ban junta to influence action by means of bonds
purporting to be issued under the authority of
. the Cuban republic ; not but that it is entirely
true that such action has been attempted, indi-
rectly at least,, by inducing outsiders to aid in
the clamor and bring their influence to bear
upon members; but 1 take occasion to say that
I see no evidence to induce me to suspect that
any member of this Househas been approached,
and that the high character of the gentlemen
who have been the active friends of Cuba in
the House forbid any suspicion that such
means could be resorted to with them. But,
sir, the matter was in process of investigation
by a committee of the House, and I regret that
the President thought it necessary to refer to it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the true question for our
consideration and determination is not one of
sentiment, feeling, or sympathy, but one of
fact. We are not called on to express our
desires for Cuban independence, but to determ-
ine whether at the present time there is such
a de facto government in Cuba on the part of
the insurgents as to entitle it to be regarded,
under the law of nations, as a belligerent.
The object of such a proclamation as is pro-
posed by the majority of the committee is thus
stated by Mr. Wheaton, in his International
Law :
''The occasion for the accordance of belligerent
rights arises when a civil conllict exists within ator-
eign State. The reason which requires and can alone
justify this step by the Government of another coun-
try is that its own rights and interests are so far
affectcd as to require a definition of its own relations
to the parties. Where a parent government is seek-
ing to subdue an insurrection by municipal force,
and the insurgents claim a political nationality and
belligerent rights which the parent government does
not concede, a recognition bv a foreign State of full
belligerent rights, if not justified by necessity, is a
gratuitous demonstration of moral support to the
rebellion and of censure upon the parent govern-
ment."—Dana's Wheaton, section 23, page 3-1.
And the condition of tilings that will war-
rant such a declaration is thus stated by the
same authority :
" It is certain that the state of things between the
parent Stato and insurgents must amount in fact to
war in thesensc of international law; thatis, powers
and rights of war must bo in actual exercise; otherwise
the recognition is falsiiicd, for therecognition is of a
fact. The tests to determine the question are various,
and far more decisive where there is maritime war
and commercial relations with foreigners. Among
the tests are the existence of a de /aeto political or-
ganization of the insurgents Mitlicienfc in character,
population, and resources to constitute it, if left to
itself, a State among the nations reasonably capable
of discharging the duties of a State; the, actual em-
ployment of military forces on eaeli hide, acting in
accordance with the rules and customs of war, such
as the uso of flags of truce, cartels, exchange ot pris-
oners, and the treatment of captured insurgents by
the parent State as prisoners of war; and, at sea, em-
ployment by the insurgents of commissioned cruisers,
and the exerciso by the parent Government of tho
rights of blockade of insurgent porta against neutral
commerce, and of stopping and searching neutral
vessels at sea. If all these elements exist the con-
dition of things is undoubtedly war; and it may bo
war before they are all ripened into activity.
Dana'8 Wheaton, section 23, page 35.
I must stop here again, to express iny regret
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Baxks] look occasion, in the course of his
remarks, to refer to the similarity of expression
in a note of the Spanish minister and the mes-
sage of the President, and to intimate that the
same mind had "prompted" both. He told
us that to his mind it afforded evidence that
some person—he declined to enlighten us as to
who was the object of his suspicion, but some
person perhaps employed as counsel by the Uni-
ted States and also in the employ of the Span-
ish Government—was the "prompter" of the
President and of the Spanish minister. Sir,
had he taken the trouble to make tho examin-
ation, he would have found that botli the Pres-
ident and the Spanish minister had quoted
from Wheaton the words that I have just used ;
he would have found a "prompter" for each
in that very respectable authority, and would
have discovered in the expression itself the
assertion of a very familiar principle of inter-
national law.
Does the gentleman dispute the soundness
of these principles? Notatall. In the report
of the committee I find a labored effort to
show the existence of a state of facts which
will warrant their application. I quote from
the fourth page of the majority report; _
'"The people rose under Cespedes, at Vara, in
October, ISliS. A convention, of which Cespedes was
president, assembled at Guaimaro the 10th of April,
1869. A constitution was adopted and officers of
government elected. The island was divided into
four States, Oriente, Camaguay, Las Villas, and Oc-
cidente. Three of them, which cover three quarters
of the territory, and contain a million of people, or
two thirds of the population, are now mainly under
the control of the Cubans. Each State has a civil
government, and is subdivided into districts?, pre-
fectships, and sub-prefectships, with officers chosen
by the people.
"The government thus improvised wns not with-
out legitimate popular foundation. It3 clcctivc
constituencies were based uponlons-existimr, benev-
olent, secret associations, which naturally attracted
and faithfully represented thai portion of the people
who had been excluded from favor and power by the
Spanish authorities. Such imperfect organizations
often represent popular opinion better than the
ordinary elections of established political societies.
It is this fact, perhaps, which recently led Captain
General De llodas to bring those still remaining in
Cuba under the harsh edicts oi his relentless admin-
istration.
44In these States there are civil governments, tri-
bunals of justice, churches, public journals, schools,
post officcs, institutions for the poor, and local ad-
ministrations as permanent as can exist in time of
revolution. With military passes, the people move
through tho country with safety. They begin to
manufacture arms and munitions of war. Their
industry is generally uninterrupted. They estimate
tho surplus industrial products of the last twenty-
one months in these three independent States at ten
or twelve million dollars.
" They do not fortify and dofend tho towns, be-
cause (heir possession would be useless, and their
defense si senseless waste of the lives and property
of their own people. The towns are without valueto
the Spaniards, except in name."
if this is a correct statement of the condition
of the republic of Cuba, there can be no ques-
tion of its having de facto established itself;
but, sir, the evidence which I have examined
has failed to convince me that the statement is
correct. J regret this. My sympathies aie all
with the little band that is struggling for liberty
and the right to self-government. I would
have been glad if the testimony had ad(? vessed
itself to my mind with such force as to con-
vince me that this Government could rightfully
and consistently give such a recognition as is
asked for, but I have failed to see any such
thing.
I cannot, of course, go over the testimony
in detail: time will not permit; gentlemen have
the documents on their desks and can examine
them ; but to my mind the conclusion is irre-
sistible that the only government is in the
camps. It is said a constitution was adopted.
How and where? We are furnished by one
of our consuls with a copy, said to have been
found in the pocket of a captured insurgent
and published in the Havana papers. It covers
a single page of paper, and has some features
which would, I think, commend themselves to
the approbation of the members of the Cuban
congress, if, like us, they were reasonably well
paid. One is that a member once seated is
there for life, for it makes no provision for any
election except to fill vacancies. This would
save much anxiety in the minds of members as
to the result of the next election and some
trouble in deciding contests; but notwith-
standing the gentleman's panegyric I do not
regard it as an improvement on our own ideas
on the subject.
And the first election, when and where v/as
it held? Some of the witnesses who testified
on the part of the Cubans in the gun-boat cases
swore that during the few days that the seat of
government was at Guiamaro they had a cou-
ple of newspapers published there ; and, as
they say also that at that time and for a long
time after they had free access to and from
the island, is it not a little singular that we
have never had any account of this election —
not even a mention made of it, except in the
general way in which it is referred to in the
report? And this is especially singular in view
of the statement that of the one million six
hundred thousand inhabitants of the island one
million live hundred thousand are under the
new government. Sir, this election^must have
made some stir 5 who were the candidates, and
what was the vote?
