1870.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
2467
ment, and move as a substitute for the first
section that which I have had read.
Mr. POLAND. My colleague 011 the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jexckks,] in order to meet the purpose of the
amendment originally proposed by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] has drawn
one which I think will meet his views entirely.
It is to add to the first section the following:
And cacli section shall bo numbered, and contain,
as nearly as may be, a single proposition of enact-
ment.
Mr. WELKER. If that can be agreed to I
will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I move what I have read
as an amendment to the first section ; and the
question on that, I believe, must be taken be-
fore the question upon the substitute -for the
section.
The amendment moved by Mr. Poland was
then agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute
moved by Mr. Schenck for the first section of
the bill as amended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will withdraw the sub-
stitute.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
message from the president.
A message, in writing, from the President
of the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, who also Informed the House that
the President had this day approved and signed
a bill (H. R. No. 1491) for the relief of Tobias
J. Kindleberger.
order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
On the motion there were—ayes 47, noes 42;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Ingersoll, and Mr.
Brooks of New York.
The House divided; aud the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 42.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. As this is a
question between the reduction of taxes and
the increase of corporations, I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, noes 81, not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Banks, Beatty,Bennett, Blair, Boles,Booker,George
M.Brooks, Buck, BuffintonJJurcJuird.Burdett.Uako,
Churchill, W. T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn. Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Begener,
Doekery, Donley, Duval, Ferriss, Garfield, Hale,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, llawley, Heaton, lloge,
Iogersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd.Kol-
scy, Knapp, Lash, McCarthy, McCrary, Mctrreiy,
McKenzie, William Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Pack-
ard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Percc, Peters, Piatt,
Prosser, Roots. Sargent, Shanks, John A. Smith, W n-
liam Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Strong, Taflo, 1'anner, Xyner, Van Horn, Oad-
walader 0. Washburn, Welkcr, Wheeler, Willard,
Williams, and Wood—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Arnell,
Axtell, Beainan, Beck, Biggs. Bird, James Brooks,
Buckley, Burr, Cessna, Oox, Crebs, Dawes, Dickin-
son, Ela, Eldridge, Kerry, Finkelnhurg, faetz, faib-
son, Griswold, Haldeman, Hamill, Hay, Hays, Hill,
Hoar, llolman, Hooper, Johnson, feller. Kellogg,
Kerr, Kotcham, Knott, Lawrence, Marshall. May-
ham, Maynard, MoCormick, McNcely, Mereur.Mili-
nes, EliakmiH. Moore, Morgan, Darnel J. Mori ell,
Mini gen, Myers, Niblaek.O „\ eill ,0rlh, 1 oland, Pot-
ter llandall, Sani'ord, Schenck, bcoheld, bherrod,
Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Snone, btrader,
Swann, Sweeney. Twiohe41, b !>•;<>"•^ an Auk en. Van
Trump, Van Wyck.Voorhees.W• llham B.Y\ ash burn,
Whitmorc.Kugcno M. Wilson, \\ mans, \\ lnches^cr,
Witcher, and Woodwaid—81.
NOT VOTING—jic&srs. Atwood, Aycr, Bailey,
Barnum,Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Bowen.Boyd,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Calkin,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Conner, Covodc. Da-
vis, Dickey, Dixon, Dox, Dyer, Farnsworth, Fisher,
Fitch, Fox, Uiilillan, liaight, Hambleton, lletlin,
Hotchkiss, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Lafhn, Logan,
Lougkridge, Lynch, McICce, Jesse II. Moore, Mor-
phis, Morrissey, Negley, Phelps, PomerOy, Porter,
Rea.flmg, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Sawyer,
Schumaker, Lionel A.Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Slo-
cum, W illiam J. Smith, W orthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Tillman, 'JL'ownsend, Trimble, Ward, Weils,
Wilkinson, and John T. Wilson—65.
So the motion of Mr. Ingersoll was not
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
As I gave notice a few days ago that I would
ask for an evening session to-day, I am com-
pelled now to say that in consequence of some
ceremonies connected with the commemora-
tion of the death of General Thomas, I find
myself engaged, as are also a number of other
members, to attend 011 that public occasion.
Hence it is thought desirable that there shall
not be any session to-night, i will ask the
House in advance that we shall work in Com-
mittee ot the Whole to-day until five o'clock.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] will allow 111c to make an in-
quiry, 1 wish to know whether it is his purpose
to press this bill to a conclusion at an early
day. I put this question lor the reason that I
desire to bring up as early as possible the res-
olution relating to the contest in Cuba.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is my desire, and such
is also the instruction of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that this bill shall be pushed
from day to day as fast as possible. It is the
general demand of the country that this ques-
tion shall bo settled in some way, for business
is now to a great extent paralyzed in conse-
quence of the suspense on this subject.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to come in
conflict with the purpose of the Committee of
Ways and Means, but I desire at the earliest
moment which may be consistent with the other
business of the House, to ask action upon the
resolution relating to Cuba.
fisheries in british waters.
TheSPEAICER, byunanimous consent,laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
Tn answer to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 7th instant, relating to fisheries
in British waters, 1 transmit a report fruin the Sec-
retary of State and the papers which accompanied
it; and I have to state that the commanding officer of
the naval steamer ordered to the fishing-grounds will
bo instructed to give his attention, should circum-
stances require it, to cases which may arise under
any change which may be made in the British laws
affecting fisheries in tho British jurisdiction, with a
view to preventing, so far as it may be m his power,
infractions by citizens of the United States of the
first article of tho treaty between the United States
and Great Britain of 1818, the laws in force relating
to fisheries within British jurisdiction, or any illegal
interference with the pursuits of the fishermen of
the United States. U. S. GHAjNT.
Washington, March 31,1870.
Tlie message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, aud ordered to be printed.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that a copy of the act
of the Dominion of Canada in relation to the
fisheries, as transmitted to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs by the Secretary of State, be
published in connection with this message.
There being no objection it was so ordered.
The following is a copy of the message of
the Secretary of State and of the act referred
to by Mr. Banks.
Department of State,
V/ASHiNGrox, April A, 1S70.
Sin: As it may be desirable for the committee of
which you are chairman, and for others interested
in the subject, to have at. hand tiie act of the Cana-
dian Parliament respecting fibbing by f'oieign ves-
sels 1 do myself the honor to inclose a transcript
of that act, copied here from the official publication
of the statutes of Canada. . , .
I have the honor to be, sir, your very obeaient
servant, H-.-VMIL10.N 1'ItdI.
Hon. Nathaniel P. Banks, Chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, House of Rpprezentutivcs.
An act respecting fishing by foreign vessels.
[Assented to May 22, 186S.J
Her Majesty, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate and House of Commons of Panada,
enacts as follows:
1. Tho Governor may from time to time grant
to any foreign &hip, vessel, or boat, or to any ship,
vessel, or boat not navigated according to the laws
of the United Kingdom or of Canada at such rate
and lor such period not exceeding one year, as ho
may deem expedient, a license to fish for oi take,
dry, or cure any lish of any kind whatever in British
waters, within three marine miies of any of tho
coasts, bays, creeks, or harbors whatever of Canada,
not included withm tho limits specified and described
in the first article of the convention between his late
majesty King George ill and the United States of
America, made and signed at London on the 20th
day of October, 1818.
2. Any commissioned officer of her Majesty's navy
serving on board of any vessel of her Majesty's navy
cruising and being in the waters of Canada for pur-
pose of affording protection to her Majesty's sub-
jects engaged in the fisheries; or any commissioned
officer oi her Majesty's navy, fishery officer, or sti-
pendiary magistrate on board oi any vessel belong-
ing to or in the service of the Government of Canada
and employed in the service of protecting the fish-
eries; oranyofiicerof thecustomsof Canada,sheriff,
magistrate, or other person duly commissioned for
that purpose, may go on board of any ship, vessel,
or boat within any harbor in Canada, or hovering
(in British waters) within three marine miles of any
of the coasts, bays, creeks, or harbors in Canada, and
stay on board so long as sho may remain within such
place or distance.
3. If such ship, vessel, or boat be bound elsewhere,
and shall continue within such harbor or so hovering
for twenty-iour hours after the master shall have
been required to depart any one of such offieersor
persons as are above mentioned may bring such ship,
vessel, or boat into port and search her cargo, and
may also examine the master upon oath touching the
cargo and voyage; and if tho master or person in
command shall not truly answer the questions putto
him in such examination, ho shall forfeit 8-400; and
if such ship, vessel, or boat be foreign, or not navi-
gated according to the laws of the United Kingdom
or of Canada, and have been found fishing, or pre-
paring to fish, or to have been fishing (in British
waters)withinthreemarine milesofuny ofthe coasts,
bays, creeks, or harbors of Canada, not included
within the above-mentioned limits, without ahcense,
or alter the expiration of tho period named in tho
last license granted to such ship, vessel, or boat under
the first section of this act, such ship, vessel, or boat
and the tackle, rigging, apparel,fumiture,&tores,and
cargo thereof shall be forfeited.
4. All goods, ships, vessels, and boats, and the tackle,
rigging, apparel, furniture, stores, and cargo liable
to forfeiture under this act, may be seized and secured
by any officers or persons mentioned in the second
section of this act; and every person opposing any
officer or person in the execution of his duty under
this act, or aiding or abetting any other person in
any opposition, shall forfeit $800and shall bo guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction be liable to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years.
5. Goods, ships, vessels, and boats, and tho tackle,
rigging, apparel, furniture, stores, and cargo seized
as liable to forfeiture under this act shall be forth-
with delivered into tho custody of the collector or
other principal officer of the customs at the port
nearest to the place where seized, to be secured and
kept as other goods, ships, vessels, and boats, and
the tackle, rigging, apparel, furniture, stores, and
cargo seized are directed by the laws in force in tho
province in which such port is situate to be secured
and kept, or into such other custody and keeping as
the Governor in council or a court of vice admiralty
shall order.
0. All goods, vessels, and boats, and the tackle,
rigging, apparel, furniture, stores, and cargo con-
demned as forfeited under this act shall, by direction
of the collector or other principal officer of the cus-
toms at the port where the seizure has been secured,
be sold at public auction, and the proceeds of such
sale shall be applied as follows: the amount charge-
able for the custody ofthe property seized shall fir^t
be deducted and paid over lor that service; one half
of the remainder shall be paid without deduction to
the officer or person seizing thesame; and the other
half, after first deducting therefiom all costs in-
curred, shall be paid to the receiver general of Can-
ada through the department of marine and fisheries;
but tho Governor in council may nevertheless direct
that any ship, vessel, boat, or goods, and the tackle,
rigging, apparel, furniture, stores, and cargo seized
and. forfeited, shall bo destroyed or be reserved for
the public service.
7. Any penalty or forfeiture under this act may
be prosecuted and recovered in any court of vicc
admiralty within Canada. , .
8. The judge of the court of vice admiralty niay,
with tho consent of the person seizing any goous,
ship, vessel, or boat, and the tackle,rigging, appai ej,
furniture, stores, and cargo, as forfeited unuer urn
act, order the redelivery thereof, on security bv bond
to be given by the party, with two surety, to rue uco
of her Majesty; and in case any goods, ship, \ oaa«: ,
or boat, or the tackle, riggmg.appare tanuaui.,
stores, and cargo so redelivered is cqiidem.ied.is
I'eited, the value thereof shall bo paid into coiut-uid
distributed as above directed.
9 Her Majesty's attorney general foi Canada
sue for and recover in her Muje&ty s name any pea-
alty or forfeiture incurred under tins act.
10 In ease a dispute arises as to whether any ociz-
