1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5299
seemeth good to them,a majority of this House,
reducing it below a quorum, and thereby put-
ting an end for the time being to the legisla-
tive power of the nation.
Mr. Speaker, I denounce it here and now as
a crime against the people of the United States
for any man, I care not what his pretensions
may be, to undertake to assert that the people's
Representatives in Congress have not the right,
without leaning on a broken reed in Virginia
or anywhere else, to protect their own rights.
Why, do the gentlemen forget the grand words
of the Declaration of Independence, that the
"legislative powers are incapable of annihila-
tion," and when interrupted or suspended by
violence '' return to the people at large for their
exercise." _ If this right of the people to legis-
late be betrayed by their chosen Representa-
tives, if they enter into conspiracy to thwart
and defeat the inherent, imperishable right of
the whole people to legislate for themselves,
the words of the makers and builders of your
fabric of civil polity are that the legislative
power, being incapable of annihilation, returns
to the betrayed people themselves.
But, says the gentleman, if the man is guilty
of a crime against the laws, the House c.innot
hold him to answer for his breach of its priv-
ileges, his crime against the people. Your
Democratic Attorney General ruled that he
should be held in such case to answer, first to
the House, and after that to the courts for his
crime against the laws. I quoted yesterday the
opinion of the Attorney General to that effect,
from which it appears that the House may right-
fully interrupt for the time being the action of
the courts of Virginia, or of any State, or of the
United States, to punish a breach of its priv-
ileges, although the act was also a crime against
the laws. That is the law, because, in the first
place, you are the superior power; and because,
in the second place, the public safety is the
supreme law ; the safety of the whole people
is superior to the safety of any portion of the
people.
Mr. Speaker, the only complaint that can
be made against the assertion of this rightful
power of self-preservation in the legislative
council of a great and free nation is that com-
plaint of which the court speaks in Anderson
vs. Dunn, the complaint of a guilty felon when
he stands under the shadow of the scaffold.
That is my answer to all such logic. Can the
gentlemen bring something from the pages of
Story, from the pages of Kent? Can they show
any ruling of the Supreme Court to bring in
question this essential power of the House ? In
the decision, as I stated yesterday, the very con-
verse of the proposition of gentlemen who deny
this power is ruled and declared by the Supreme
Court of the United States. Every word which
I have put forth here as earnestly as ever man
uttered words in a deliberative assembly is sus-
tained by that decision. The power here as-
serted for the House is essential to the right of
the whole people of the country to legislate for
themselves in the persons of their Represent-
atives without violence or molestation, either
in the Capitol or elsewhere within the limits
of the Republic, either by one man, or by many
men conspiring with one, to defeat and thwart
that right.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
read him the constitutional provision?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir ; I have read the
Constitution for myself. The gentleman reads
it wrong end foremost. There is no line in the
Constitution touching this question which I
have not carefully considered. The gentle-
man wishes to read the clause to the effectthat
persons shall be held to answer for a capital or
otherwise infamous crime only on apresentment
or indictment of a grand jury. It was ruled
under a Democratic Administration that the
power here asserted for the House is not the
judicial power .to punish crimes under the law,
nor a power which interferes with that consti-
tutional right. That is my answer to the gen-
tleman. I only refer to it to show that the
Democratic representation of principle of to-
day is not the representation that was made
under the Democratic administration of Martin
Van Bureti.
Now, but a word or two more. The com-
mittee considered, in view of all the circum-
stances of this case and of the circumstances
of the man accused at the bar of the House,
that it was not advisable to invoke the whole
power of the House for his imprisonment, and
therefore did not recommend his imprisonment
during the whole remaining term of this Con-
gress. The committee had no doubt of the
power, but they thought it was well not, iu this
case, to use the full measure of that power. I
insist that this offense was heinous as any
offense which can bo committed by mortal man,
because it strikes at the right of a whole peo-
ple; it set3 a bad example of attempting to
silence the legislative voice of a whole people
by the hand of murder.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
to have read a letter of some six or eight lines
bearing upon this subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. COX. I ask a division on the main reso-
lution, if it is divisible.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the Chair state the
precise condition of the question?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the
Judiciary reported the resolution, which the
Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas Patrick Woods, on tho 30th day of May
last past, at Richmond, did make a violent, unpro-
voked, and felonious assault upon Hon. Charles
II. Porter, then being a member of tho House of
liepresentatives, on his way returning thereto from
a leave of absence, and did cut, bruise, and disable
said Porter, being then a member of the House,
from attending to his duties therein, Woods well
knowing that Mr. Porter was then a member. of
Congress and on his way to Washington, and making
such assault becauseof that knowledge; and whereas
said Woods being brought to the bar of the House,
and being fully hoard in his defense by counsel and
witnesses before the Committee on the Judiciary,
all the facts before recited fully appeared: There-
fore,
Resolved, That Patrick Woods, now held at the bar
of the House to answer for a breach of the privileges
of the House, for his offense be, andhereby is, ordered
to be punished by imprisonment in the jail of tho
District of Columbia as other criminals are for three
months; and that a warrant in due form, under the
hand of the Speaker, be issued to the Sergeant-at-
Arms directing tho execution of this order.
The SPEAKER. The minority of the com-
mittee report as a substitute for what lias just
been read what the Clerk will now read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Retained, That Patrick Woods, now at tho bar of
this House, charged with an assault on Charles II.
porter, a member thereof, not appearing to have
done said act for words spoken by the said Porter
in debate, or on account of his official character or
relation to Congress, bo forthwith returned to the
hustings court of the city of Richmond, Virginia,
there to be dealt with according to law.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the amendment moved by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to the reso-
lution reported by the majority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was to strike out the words
"for three months" and insert in lieu thereof
the words "till the 3d of March next;" so that
the resolution would read as follows :
Resolved, That Patrick Woods, now held at tho
bar of the House to answer for a breach of the priv-
ileges of tho House, for his offonse be, and hereby is,
ordered to bo punished by imprisonment in the jail
of the District of Columbia as other criminals are
till the 3d of March next; and that a warrant in due
form, under the hand of tho Speaker, be issued to
the Sergeant-at-Arms directing the execution of his
order.
Mr. KERR. Upon that amendment I call
*for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 88, nays 89, not
voting 53; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Armstrong, At-
wood, Ayer, Beatty, Blair, Boles, George 31. Brooks,
Buclc, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Benjamin s.
Butler, Roderick E. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke, Aiuasu Cobb, Covode, Cowlcs, Dar-
rall, Dawes, Degener. Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval.
Fcrriss, Fisher, Gilfillan, Harris. Hawley, Hoar,
Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Knapp, Lash, Loughridge,
Maynard, McCarthy, McKeo, Mercur, Eliakiin H.
Moore, William Moore. Daniel J. Morrell, Negley,
O'Neill,Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt,
Pressor, Sawyer, Seotteld, Shanks, Porter Sheldon,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson. Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Taffe, 1 turner, Taylor, Townsend, Tvvicholl, Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wel-
ker. Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, and
Williams—88.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Axtell,
Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Burdett, Burr, Calkin,
Cleveland, Coburn. Conger, Conner,Cook,Cox,Crebs,
Cullom, Davis. Dickinson. Dox, Eldridge, Perry,
Finkelnburg, Fitch, Fox. Getz, Hamill, Hawkins,
Hay, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Kellogg,
Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan,
Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew,
McKenzie, McNoely, Morgan. Mungen, Myers, Nib-
lack, Packer, Peck, Peters, Poland, Potter, Randall,
Reeves Kice, Rogers. Sargent, Schenck, Sohumaker,
Sherrod, Siocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
WorthmgtonC. Smith, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Swann,
Sweeney, IrimUe, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voor-
heps, "Oils, 3iugeu«. M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—89.
NOT VOTING-Mess,,. Allison, Arnell, Barry,
Beaman, Benjamin, Benneti, Benton. Bowen, Boyd,
William T. Clark, Cl'inton L. C^hb. Dockery, Dyer,
Ela, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gibson, Oriswold Haieht.
llaldeman. Hale. Ilambleton. Hamilton Hays, Hef-
hn, Ilill, Hoge, Holman, Hooper, Hotchk*^St jnger-
soli, Alexander II. Jones, Itelley, Laflin,*x.vn0h,
Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Mv,,
rill, Morrissey, Newsham, Perce, Pomeroy, Porter,
llidgway,Roots, Sanford,Lionel A.Sheldon, Shober,
Strader, Tillman, Winans, and Witcher—53.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next question was upon substituting for
the resolution reported by the majority of the
Committee on the Judiciary the following:
Resolved, That Patrick Woods, now at the bar of
this House, charged with an assault on Charles H.
Porter, a member thereof, not appearing to have
done said act for words spoken by the said Porter
in debate, or on account of his official character or
relation to Congress, be forthwith returned, to. the
hustings court of the city of Richmond, Virginia,
there to be dealt with according to law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken 5 and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 56, nays 125, not
voting 40 5 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck. Biggs, Bird, Booker, James Brooks, .Burr,
Calkin, Cleveland, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson,
Dox, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Griswold, IXamill, John-
son, Thomas L.Jones, Kerr, ICnott. Lewis, Marshall,
Mayham, McCormick, McNeely, Morgan, Mungen,
Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers,
Schumakcr, Sherrod, Sloeum, Joseph S« Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames. Armstrong,
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey. Banks, Beatty, Ben-
nett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, ButBnton, Burchard, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Arnasa
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Covode, Cowles, Cul-
lom, Darrall, Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fisher, Gilfillan, Harris, Hawley, Hay, Hoar,
Hooper, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapp, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McK.ee, Mc-
Kenzie, Mercur, Bliakim H. Moore, J esse H. Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Prosser, Roots,
Sanford, Sargent, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks. Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, JohnA. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Wallacc. Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, "William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whitmore, and Williams—125.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Barry, Beaman,
Benjamin, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Clinton L. Cobb,
Dockery, Dyer, Farnsworth, Fitch, Garfield. Gibson,
Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamilton,
llawkms. Hays, Heflin, Hill, Hoge, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander II. Jones, Kel-
ley, Laflin, Lynch, Milnes, Morphis, Samuel P. mor-
rill, Morrissey, Newsham, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter,
llidgway. Sawyer, Shober, Strader, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, John T. Wilson, Winans, and Witeher—49.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to agree to the
amendment moved by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlelj.J
