1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1523
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
be heard at some time.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope on this matter we will
hare at least decent decorum and proper re-
spectpaid by one member to another, especially
when, under the order of the House, that other
member is presenting a case in the proper man-
uer for its decision.
Now, I say to the House, so far as the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
are concerned in reference to a prosecutor,
that so far as that applies to myself, if I am a
prosecutor I am performing nothing but the
duty devolved upon the Committee of Military
Affairs by resolution of this House, for which
I presume the gentleman from Massachusetts
himself voted. Indeed, to the passage of that
resolution, so far as I understand, there was
no objection. It directed us to inquire into
certain transactions and to report to the Honse.
We have discharged that duty, and all I have
to say is that when he denominates us as pub-
lic prosecutors it is such language as the gen-
tleman may choose for himself, but sach as I
would not choose were I dealing in the same
manner with the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts were he acting under the order
of this House.
Now, a word so far as the remark of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is concerned,
that he has become the attorney of Mr. Whit-
temobk here. He doffs the judicial ermine
while at the same time he calls this a judicial
body. He drops the judge and takes up the
attorney. I ask him now, if he can point it
to me, where in the Constitution or the laws of
this country he finds that he is authorized to
divest himself of his judicial robes aud to pre-
sent himself at the bar of this House as an
attorney, desiring, as he has already told us,
to be denominated and desiguated not as a j
member of this House but as an attorney. In
my judgment, there is but one way in which
the gentleman can divest himself of his duties
as a member of this House and become the
attorney of the accused person at our bar, and
that is to resign his position as a member,
which I have no doubt would cause great sor-
row among his constituents. Now, sir, my
objection to the presenting at this time of the
affidavit is this: it is for delay; it is for the
purpose of postponement.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his qnestiou of order.
Mr. JENCKES. I understand, Mr. Speaker,
that the House is now executing its own order,
and that order is for the accused to appear at
the bar of the House and show cause why the
proposed sentence should not be inflicted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let that order be read.
The SPEAKER- The resolution is not here
at this moment; but the Chair will explain
what the position of this matter is. When the
resolution was reported on Monday from the
Committee on Military Affairs the House re-
solved that on Wednesday, this day, at two
o'clock, theaccosed Representative from South
Carolina might be heard in his defense. It did
not prescribe the mode in which he should be
heard, whether orally or in writing. If the
gentleman from South Carolina chooses to
make his defense in writing, the Chair will rule
that he has a right to do so. And if the gen-
tleman from Illinois objects to the reading of
the paper which it has been proposed to read
on behalf of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, the Chair would overrule the objection.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not object to the read-
ing of the paper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so
understand the gentleman.
The Clerk read the resolution of the House,
adopted on Monday, as follows:
.."Jtoofoed, That B. F. Whittkmork, a member of
Uni Honse, be permitted to appear at the bar of the
House on Wednesday noxt at twoo'olook p. m.. to be
heard in hisdefense, and sbow^ause, if any he have,
why the sentence of expulsion Bhould not be passed
against him, as reoomuiended by the Committee on
Military Affairs."
The SPEAKER. The paper presented on
behalf of Mr. Whittemore will now be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
I, Benjamin F. Whittemore, member of the House
of Representatives, on oath depose and gay that I am
advised and verily believo that I cannot safely pro-
ceed to show cause why the resolution reported by
the Committee on Military AtFairs should not be
passed without time being granted to cross-examine
the witnesses who have already been brought before
the committee to tostify against ine, and whose tes-
timony has been reported to the House, and also
without time to have witnesses produced in my own
behalf in explanation of the matters alleged against
me.
I further depose and say that I never have had any
opportunity to examine or to oross-exauiine any one
of the witnesses whose testimony was given against
me; thatwhencalled before thecommitteeand asked
for an explanation, all the testimony in the hands
of the committee was not read to me, and that my
statement, therefore, was not full and complete to all
the matters which are now alleged against me; that
certain witnesses whose testimony is reported by the
oommittee were examined after my statement was
made, whose testimony I have had no opportunity
to meet or explain. I am also informed and believe
that one witness whose name I mentioned in my
statement as having conversed with me on the sub-
ject, one Mr. Landon, has been called and examined
by the committee since the report to the House, and
that he has made oertain statements which will throw
light upon the transactionsnow the subject of inquiry
before the House.
I further depose and say that no notice has been
given me to appear before the committee to hear his
testimony, to cross-examine the witness, or in any
way to answer the same, and that I am ignorant at
this hour what the testimony of the witness is. I am
also informed and believe that other witnesses can
be oalled who are named in the reported testimony
as being cognizant of these transactions who are ma-
terial to my defense. I amfurther advised and believe
that in the present stage of this case and in this affi-
davit for further time-to answer, it would be neither
proper nor desirable that I should take the time of
the House to go very fully into the circumstances of
my defense which would be proper in an answer, but
only so far as to show to the House that testimony
material and necessary can be obtained if I should
have time for preparation of a full defense. I there-
fore beg leave on oath to state that I am informed
and verily believe that this prosecution of me has
been instituted and is carried on for the purpose of
levying black-mail upon me and obtaining large
sums of money, and that witnesses have been pro-
cured to testify and are now testifying against me
because of disappointment in that purpose.
And I further depose and say that if time is
given me I shall be able to show what I here declare
to be the truth, that I never have received and used
a dollar of money for my appointments, either to the
Cadetship at West Point or the Naval Academy at
Annapolis, for my own private purposes or for my
own private gain or emolument; but that all that
has been paid by any person, to my knowledge, has
been expended, and much more, for the relief and
benefit of the people of my district; and that I am
not guilty of or justly chargeable with any corrupt,
unlawful, or wicked act in anything I have done or
permitted to be done in regard to any nomination
I have made as a member of Congress.
Wherefore, I respectfully ask the House that as
much time be granted me as may be necessary, and as
the House may deem reasonable, for the purpose of
enabling me to prepare for my defense, and because,
as thetestimony daily coming out before the commit-
tee, as I am informed and believe, may bear in a
greater or less degree upon and be necessary to the
full understanding of the matters involved in the
question at issue before the House, that the further
hearing of my case may be postponed until the final
reportof the committee on the whole matter involved
in the resolution referred to them is made to the
House.
B. F. WHITTEMORE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d day of
February, A. D. 1870.
[l. s.] JAMES H. McKENNEY,
Notary Public, Washington county, D. G.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now j
desire to be heard on behalf of the gentleman
from South Carolina.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Whittemore is enti- i
tied to be heard for one hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire ;
to appear in his behalf. |
Mr. POLAND. I again appeal to the gen- j
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] to allow me i
to offer my resolution. I cannot believe that !
the gentleman designs to say that this House
shall be hurried to a decision before having all
the facts before it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] was recognized by the Chair,
and is entitled to the floor if the gentleman
from South Carolina does not exercise his
right.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. I decline to yield.
Mr. JENCKES. I still inRist on my point
of order, that until the accused party occupies
the time which he desires to occupy no other
member can be recognized as entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] desire to speak
by the request of the gentleman from South
Carolina?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do, or
I would not speak at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. DAVIS. It is this: that under the res-
olution the gentleman from South Carolina is
not at liberty to appear and be heard except
in person.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will sustain the
point of order. The gentleman from South
Carolina, under that resolution, has the right
to be heard in his defense, either orally or in
writing. Should the Chair recognize his right
to depute the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Botler] to speak for him he would under
that same decision be equally obliged to rec-
ognize his right to depute fifty members of the
House to speak for him. The Chair, therefore,
cannot recognize the right ofthegentleman from
Massachusetts to speak for the gentleman from
South Carolina. Should the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] who has charge of the
matter, as the appropriate organ of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, give such direction
to it as to open discussion the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] would be recog-
nized in his own right. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I also
rise to a point of order. Has the accased the
right to be heard by any person whom he shall
delegate in hisplace?
The SPEAKER. That is the very point
which the Chair has decided.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The poirft
was not raised.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled
npon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
be obliged to appeal from that decision of the
Chair. I did not understand that the point I
raised was submitted to the Chair; but as I
now understand the ruling of the Chair—and I
wantto put it distinctly—itisthis: that under an
order for a party to appear if another appears
for him he cannot be heard, and in that way
the accused would be deprived of a hearing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
resolution to be again read, and will then state
his ruling with explicitness.
■ The resolution was again read, as follows:
Betolved, That B. F. Whittkmork, a member of
this House, be permitted to appear at the bar of the
House on Thursday next, after the morning hour,
to be heard in his defense, and show cause, if any
he have, why sentence of expulsion should not be
passed against him, as recommended by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. At first sight this reso-
lution would imply that the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Whittemore] was to ap-
pear at the bar of the House and show cause
orally why the House ought not to_ take the
action recommended. But recognizing the
embarrassment it would cause him to do so,
the Chair has ruled that he could prepare and
submit his statement in writing, and a paper
prepared by him has accordingly been read;
and any other statement which he may prepare
and present in writing the Chair will direct to
be read. But the Chair overrules the right of
any gentleman to appear and address the House
on the ground that he has been deputed by the
