1524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
gentleman from Sooth Carolina to speak lor
him, for the reason that it would take this
matter entirely out of the order of a parlia-
mentary proceeding. If he could depute one
member tor that purpose he could depute fifty
or a hundred members. The matter is entirely
within the control of the majority of the House.
Should the gentleman in charge of the reso-
lution under consideration fail to obtain the
consent of the majority of members present
to a call for the previous question, or to any
other motion he may submit, then the matter
becomes open for such other action as the
House may see proper to take upon it. The
Chair has ruled.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I always
dislike to differ with the Chair; but I would
ask the Chair to submit a motion to the House,
not as an appeal from the decision of the
Chair. I now move, if I may be permitted to
do so, that Mr. Whittemore may appear and
be heard by counsel. I will say that I under-
stood such was the effect of the resolution
which the House adopted the other day on my
motion.
The SPEAKER. That resolution has been
twice read, and the Chair can see no such pro-
vision in it. The Chair recognizes the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] as entitled to
the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to deprive the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Whit-
temore} of any rights which he should have
before tliis House. But I do not desire to be
myself deprived of any rights which I may
have as chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I say now that if Mr. Whittb-
more desires to be heard before this House I
will sit down and listen to him as -long as the
House may choose to hear him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the right of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Whittemore] to be heard as superior to
the right of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] to speak on this subject.
Mr. LOGAN. And I will say further to the
House 
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker—r—
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to be inter-
rupted. .
Mr. POLAND. I am not going to interrupt
the gentleman ; I desire to make a suggestion
to the Speaker.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. POLAND. If the gentleman from
South Carolina £Mr. Whittemore] is entitled
to the floor, can henottake it and yield to some
other member ? And may he not yield for the
purpose of having offered the resolution which
1 had prepared to offer myself?
Mr. LOGAN. Now, 1 desire and hope that
we will get along withoutany excitement about
the matter. 1 will make this suggestion to
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,]
who i& a much older man than I am, and has
much more, experience than I have, and I
think my suggestion, will strike him at once.
I want members of this House to answer this
question in their own minds: by what rule,
by what law, by what provision of the Consti-
tution, has the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] or the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Poland] obtained any more privileges
on this floor than anybody else has?
Mr. POLAND. I do not claim any more.
Mr. LOGAN. Then if they claim no more
privileges than are accorded to other gentle-
men on this floor, the proper rule for our
action is this : that the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Whittemore] has a right to
appear here at the bar of this House and make
any defense he may see proper to make. He
has had permission to have an affidavit read and
placed before the House. If the gentleman
has anything to say, then let the House hear
bim. I have no objection to that. But I will
say this to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] that i do not intend, if I can help it,
to be crushed or stifled in this matter, or to be
driven from my position under the rules of
this House, by anylnsinuation or any attempt
at intimidation, no matter where it may come
from, by the exercise of any power of num-
bers or in any other way. I intend to perform
my duty strictly in accordance with right and
in accordance with my privileges on this floor.
Now, if the gentleman from South Carolina
desires to be heard, I am ready to hear him.
But so far as the gentleman from Vermont is
concerned, or so far as the gentleman from
Massachusetts is concerned, 1 will say that I
am myself entitled to the floor, as chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, in prefer-
ence to either of them. They have no more
rights here than I have. I claim my rights as
chairman of the committee making this report.
They are members of this House, no better
than I am, and no greater than I am.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me I will say 
Mr. JENCKES. I insist upon my point of
order. I submit that the business first in order
is the hearing of the gentleman from South
Carolina, and that the question should be pro-
posed to him by the Chair whether he has any-
thing further to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has twice pro-
pounded that inquiry to the gentleman from
South Carolina. The ruling of the Chair is
that the gentleman from South Carolina has
precisely the same rights on this floor at this
moment as any other member, and th^t he has
the superior right, given to him by the resolu-
tion adopted last Monday, to be heard first and
in preference to all others, not excepting the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
who, under the ordinary practice, would have
a priority of right to the floor as the gentleman
presenting the report.
Mr. LOGAN. I accord the precedence in
this respect to Mr. Whittemore.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
South Carolina, under the rules of the House,
is entitled to one hour, and he can use that
hour in accordance with the rules and usages
of the House. Does the gentleman from South
Carolina desire to be further heard ?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise
now to take the floor, and I give one half hour
of my time to the gentlemau from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.]
The SPEAKER. Fifteen minutes of the
gentleman's time have been occupied, in the
reading of his defense. He has forty-five min-
utes remaining.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to submit a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. DAVIS. It is that the gentleman from
South Carolina, being brought to the bar of
the House, is not subject to the rule limiting
the remarks of a member to a single hour.
Mr. JENCKES. That is right.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit that Mr. Whittemore
is at liberty to occupy whatever time he may
choose, or whatever time the House by an
order with reference to this case may accord
to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not appre-
hend the point of order. Will the gentleman
state it again?
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the Chair to rule
in substance that the hour rule is applicable
to the gentleman from South Carolina. My
point of order is that that rule is not applica-
ble to him. but that he is at liberty to speak in
his own defense at such length as he chooses,
subject only to the will of the House.
The SPEAKER.' If the gentleman from
South Carolina had been recognized under his
right to speak at the bar, his right would have
been exhausted the moment he had finished
his statement, whether oral or in writing. The
Chair, however, leaning to the side of liberality
in a matter concerning so vitally the interests
of the member from South Carolina, accords
him the privilege of the hour rule in his own
behalf. Had the Chair adopted the construc-
tion implied in the point of order of the gen-
tleman from New York, the right of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina would have been
exhausted with the reading of bis statement.
The Chair adopts the move liberal construc-
tion, and allows him the full hour. He has
forty-fire minutes remaining, and will state
how he proposes to use them.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I would like to ask
a question. Are those forty-five minutes all
the time that is to be allowed to me ?
The SPEAKER. That is for the House, not
for the Chair to decide. At the conclusion of
the time of the gentleman from South Carolina
the Chair will be compelled to recognize the
gentleman who reported the resolution.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the ruling of the Speaker is appli-
cable to the position of the memberfroni South
Carolina as a member only; that it is for him
t,o say when he has concluded the remarks or
the motions that he chooses to submit at the
bar of the House ; and he then retires to his
seat to resume the privileges of a member. I
submit that at the bar he stands as one accused
and entitled to the rights and privileges of the
accused, to make a motion for delay, or any
other purpose.
The SPEAKER. Having exhausted that
right which the gentleman claims for him he
would have none except those belonging to
any other member.
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly; but has he done
so?
The SPEAKER. He has.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I rise to a further
question of order. If the gentleman has closed
his case at the bar of the House, what has been
done by him there should not be taken out of
his time as a member.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could notgive
him the floor in any other way. He only gets
the floor In preference to the chairman of the
committee by the resolution of the House giv-
ing him the right to appear at the bar of the
House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
call the attention of the Chair to a point of
order. As I have already stated, Mr. Whit-
temore has acted under my advice, and if the
ruling of the Chair be correct, I have mis
led the accused into the error that he would
have time to submit his motion for postpone-
ment, and then have full opportunity for argu-
ing it. I desire the Chair to reconsider his
decision. I expressly stated that be had not
closed, but desired to go on in his defense; that
he had not closed, and did not intend to close.
As a member I could not do it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from South Carolina, and under-
stands that he has yielded his time to the geu-
tleman from Massachusetts for half an hour.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I have yielded tothe
gentleman from Massachusetts for half an hour,
or for a longer time, if he desires it.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to understand the
precise position of the question now before the
House. I suppose under the resolution of the
House adopted day before yesterday the gen-
tleman from South Carolina 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
New York rises to a point of order he will
state it.
Mr. DAVIS. My point, then, is this: that
the gentleman from South Carolina is now to
be considered as arraigned at the bar of the
Honse, and that in that position he has presented
to the House an affidavit as the basis for a
motion to postpone the hearing of these charces.
That is the condition of this question, and on
that application he presents two questions:
first, that the subject be postponed, and sec-
ondly 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from New York that he is not
