4356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 25, nays 127,
not voting 78; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Armstrong. Roderick II. Butler,
Clinton L. Cobb, Davis, Fitch, (xartield, Hamili, Lash,
McKenzio, O'Neill, Poland, Potter, Prosser, Sanford,
John A. Smith,William J.Smith, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Swann, Twichell,Van Auken.Willard, Eugeno
M. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—25.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Axtell, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Bcatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Blair, Boles, Booker, James Brooks. Buck,
33uckley, Buffiuton, Burchard, Burdett, Burr, Calkin,
Cessna, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Conn or, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Dawes, Dege-
ner, Dickey, Dixon, Donley. Dox, Duval. Ela, Farns-
worth. EVrriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg. Fisher, Fox,
Getz. Gilfillan, Hale, llainbleton, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawkins, Ilawley, Hay, Hays, Hofltn, Hill. Hoar,
Holman, Hotclikiss, lngersoll, Alexander II. Jones,
Judd, Kelley, Kerr. Ketcham, Knapp, Knott, Lullin,
Lawrence. Lewis, Logan, Marshall, Mayhani, Mc-
Carthy. McOortoick, McCrary, McGrew, MeNeely,
jUercur, Milne?, Elinkim II. Moore, Jesse II. Moore,
Morgan, Morpliif, Munsen, NiMack, Orth, Packard,
Paine. ]? lmcr, Peek, Perce, Piatt, Pomeroy, Ran-
dall, Kccves, Bice, llidgwav, liogors, Sargent. Saw-
yer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Siiobcr, Joseph S. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes, Strader, Swee-
ney, Taffo.Tanner, Tillman, Trimble, Tyner, Lpson,
Aran Horn, Ward, William B. Washburn, Wells,
Wheeler, Wilkinson, John T. Wilson, Winans,Win-
chester, and Witeher—1'27.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Bennett, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Beniunm F. Butler, Cake, Churchill, William T.
Clark, Cleveland, Covode.Cox, Dickinson, Dockery,
Dyer, EUlridge, Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Ilalde-
ipan, Heaton, Hoge. Hooper, Jenckes, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Lough-
ridge, Lvnch, Maynard, McKee, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrisscy,
Myers, Negley, Newsbam, Packer, Peters, Phelps,
Porter, Roots, Schcnck, Schumaker, Scolield,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stiles,
Stone, Strong, Tavlor, Townsend, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, Voorhees,Wallace, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
Welkcr, "Whitmore, and Williams—78.
So the amendment of the Senate was not
concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I also ask a separate vole
on the amendments of the Senate in relation to
the Capitol extension. The amendments are
numbered from two hundred and forty*three to
two hundred and fifty inclusive.
The amendments were to insert the follow-
ing sections:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the public
grounds surrounding the Capitol shall be enlarged
(according to the plan approved by the Commit-
tees on Public Buildings of the Senate and House of
Bperesentatives, respectively, which plan is hereby
directed to be deposited in the custody of the Secre-
tary of the Interior) by extension between First street
cast and First street west, in the following manner :
noithwardly to the south side of north B street, and
southwardly to the north side of south B street, in-
cluding, in addition to so much of the reservations,
avenues, and streets as are necessary for such exten-
sion, the two squares designated on the plan of the
city of Washington as No. Ci>7 and 033, respectively.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duly of the Secretory of the Interiorto purchase
from the owner or owners thereof, at such price, not
exceeding its actual cash value, as may be mutually
agreed on between the Secretary and such owner or
owners, and not exceeding the appraisal made by the
commission of nine in their report to llobert Ould,
"United States district attorney for the District of
Columbia, on the 21st day of January, 1861, such
private property as may be necessnry for carrying this
act into effect, the value of the property so purchased
to be paid to the owner or owners thereof out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise approprinted,
on the requisition of said Secretary : Provided, That
before such payment shall be made the owner or
owners of the property purchased shall, by good and
sufficient deed or deeds, in due form of law, and ap-
proved by the Attorney General of the United States,
tully release and convey to the United States all
their and each of their several and respective rights
m said titles to such lands and property so purchased.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That il the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall not be able to agi ec with
1 he owner or owners of any private property needed
for the purposes of this act upon the price to be paid
therefor, or if for any other cause he shall be unable
to obtain the title to any such property by mutual
agreement with the owner or owners thereof, it shall
be his duty to make application to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia; which court is hereby
authorized and required, upon such application, in
such mode and under such rules and regulations as
it may adopt, to make a ju*t and equitable appraise-
ment of the cash value of the several interests of
e:H'.h and every owner of the real estate and improve-
ments thereon necessary, to betaken for the public
use in accordance with the provisions of this act, and
to which the Secretary has been unable to obtain the
title by mutual agreement with the owner or owners
thereof.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the fee-
simple of all premises so appropriated for public use,
of which an appraisement shall have been made
under the order and direction of said court, shall,
upon payment to the owner or owners, respectively,
of tho appraised value, or in case the said owner or
owners refuse or neglect for fifteen days after the
appraisement of the cash value of said lands and
improvements by said court to demand tho same
from the Secretary of tho Interior, upon depositing
the said appraised value in the said court to tho
credit of such owner or owners, respectively, be
vested in the United States. And the Secretary of
tho Interior is hereby authorized and required to
pay to the several owner or owners, respectively, the
appraised value of the several premises as specified
in the appraisement of said court, or pay into court
by deposit, as hereinbefore provided, the said ap-
praised values. And the sum necessary for such pur-
pose is hereby appropriated out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That said court
may direct the time and manner in which possession
of the property condemned shall be taken or deliv-
ered, and may, if necessary, enforce any order or
issue any process for giving possession. Tho costs
occasioned by the inquiry and assessment shall be
paid by the United States; and as to other costs
which may arise, they shall be charged or taxed as
the court may direct.
Sec. 1-1. And be it further enacted, That no delay in
making an assessment of compensation, or in taking
possession, shall be occasioned by any doubt which
may arise as to the ownership of the property, or any
part thereof, or as to the interests of the respective
owners; but in such cases the court shall require a
deposit of the money allowed as compensation for
the whole property, or the part in dispute. In all
cases, as soon as the United States shall have paid
the compensation assessed, or secured its payment
by a deposit of money under the order of tho court,
possession of the property may be taken.
Sf.c. 15. And, ha it further enacted. That the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Eailroad Company and tho
Metropolitan llailroad Company be, and they are
hereby, required to remove their tracks, respectively,
from the Capitol grounds, as hereby established, and
to run the same a1? they may be directed, from time
(o time, by the officer in charge of the public build-
ings and grounds, as the grading and filling up of
said grounds may render necessary.
Sec. 11). And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$50,000 is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be ex-
pended by tho direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, under the supervision of tho architect of the
capitol extension, in grading, filling up, removing
buildings, and improving tho public grounds and
streets around the Capitol, as herein enlarged ; and
the Secretary of tho Interior is hereby authorized to
sell, at public auction, such materials in the build-
ings in squares Nos. 687 and 688 as are not necessary
for the public works in this District; and further, that
the moneys realized by such sales shall be applied
to the improvement and extension of the Capitol
grounds.
The SPEAKER. If no objection be made,
the question will be taken by one vote upon
concurring in all these amendments of the
Senate, as tliey relate to one subject.
No objection was made.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I am opposed to
these amendments of the Senate, but I am in
favor of an amendment to make the necessary
appropriation to reclaim the grounds we already
have, and prevent them from being the nuisance
they are in their present condition.
Mr. LOGAN. That is already provided for.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays upon concurring in these amendments of
the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 122, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Armstrong. James Brooks, Rod-
erick R. Butler. William T. Clark, Clinton L. (Jobb,
jlavis, Dixon, Eldridge, Pox, Gibson. Hale, Ilainill,
Hamilton, Kelley. Ketcham. Lash, Maynard, Mc-
Kenzie, Milnes, O'Neill. Peek. Poland, Hoots S.m-
lord, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Swann,Tan-
ner, Willard, and Wood—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Asper,
Atwoocl, Axtell, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Bcatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Booker, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Burr, Calkm, Cessna,
Ciiurchiil, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Conner, Cowles, Crobs, Cullom, Dawes,
Degener, Dickey, Donley, Dox, Duval, Ela, Farns-
wovtli, Ferriss, Ferry, ifinkelnburg, Fisher, tfetz,
Gilfillan.Hambleton, Harris, Hawkins. Ilawley, Hay,
Hays, llelini, Hoar, Holraan. Ilotchkiss, Int?er&ol],
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Knapp,
Knott, Laflin, Lawrence. Lewis, Logan, Marshall,
McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McKee,
McNoely, Mereur, Eliakim II. Moore, Morgan, Mor-
phia, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen,
Niblack, Ortli,Packard, Paine, Perce, Phelps, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, ltandali, Reeves, Ridg-
way, Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober,
Joseph S. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Sweeney, Taffe, Tillman,
Trimble, Twichell, Tyner. Upson, Van Auken, "Van
Horn, Ward, William B. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, John T. Wilson. Winans, Winchester,
Witches and Woodward—122.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell,
Ayer, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Bennett, Biftgs. Bing-
ham Bird, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Cleveland, Covode, Cox,
Dickinson.Dockery, Dyer, Fitch, Garfield, Griswold,
Haight, Haldeman, Ileaton, Hill, Hogs, Hooper,
Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kel-
sey, Loughridge, Lynch, Maybam, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore, Morriesey, Myers, Negley. New-
sham, Packer, Palmer, Peters, Putter, Hico. Rogers,
Schenck, Schumaker, Seofield, Shanks, Porter bhe!-
don, Sherrod, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Ste-
vens, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Strader, fetrickland,
Strong, Taylor. Townsend, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Voorhees, Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wel-
ker, Whitmore, Williams. andEugeneM. Wilson—j8.
So the amendments of the Senate in relation
to the extension of the Capitol grounds were
not concurred in.
MKSSAGJ3 I'llOJI THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
adopted the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill _(H. R. No. 785) to provide
for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled sol-
diers.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, a bill of the
following title:
An act (H. R. No. 1258) to regulate the sal-
aries of the chief justices and associate justices
in the Territories.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed joint resolutions and bills of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. E. No. 89) providing for
the sale of ceitain lands in the State of Kansas
ceded to the United States in trust by the
Cherokee nation of Indians;
Joint resolution (S. It. No. 217) to pay ex-
penses of delegations of Indians visiting the
city of Washington ;
An act (S. No. 53) to pay two companies of
Oregon volunteers;
An act (S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret A. Laurie;
An act (S. No. 272) to settle the claim of
the heirs of the late Colonel William Gates, of
the United States Army; and
An act (S. No. 319) to extend the time for
presenting claims for additional bounties.
legislative, etc., appropriation' bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for a separate
vote on the amendment of the Senate propos-
ing an apptopriaiion of $100,000 for an expe-
dition to the 1101 th pole.
The amendment was to insert the following
as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be authorized to organize and send
out one or more expeditions toward tho north pole,
and to appoint such person or persons as he may
deem most litted to the command thereof; to detail
any officer of the public service to take part, in the
sauic, and to use any public vessel thatinay be suit-
able for the purpose, the scientific operations of tho
expeditions to bo prescribed in accordance with tho
advice of the National Academy of Sciences; and
that a sum of .$100,000, or such part thereotas maybe
necessary, be hereby appropiiatod, out of any moneys
in tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
expended under the direction of the President.
Mr. DAWES. Is it necessary to have a sep-
arate voteonthis? The Committee on Appro-
priations recommend non-concurrence; and
it will be non-concurred in without any sepa-
rate vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
demand for a separate vote.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask for a separate vote.
Mr. WARD. I move to e.mend the amend-
ment by addingto it "and the like sum foran
expedition to the south pole." [Laughter.] I
think there should be no discrimination between
the north and the south pole.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman froci
New York [Mr. Wakd] insist on his amend-
ment ?
Mr. WARD. No; I withdraw it.
