5300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to allow me to send up a letter, to be
read by the Clerk.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman has no right to object, for the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Dayis] is entitled
to an hour.
The SPEAKER. Not to a minute, pending
the previous question.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The question being taken, there were—ayea
01, noes 79.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to
make a privileged motion. As we are evi-
dently about to fool away the wtole day, I
move that the House now adjourn ; and upon
that motion I call for the was and nays.
The yeas and nays wei'0 ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD- Do the gentlemen on the
other side pror^e to "filibuster" in behalf
of their frie"^ Woods?
Mr. WoNEELY. I move that when the
Hr- se adjourns it adjourn to meet on Saturday
next; and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. McNeely; and it was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 27, nays 130, not voting 73; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, .Tames Brooks,
Cleveland, Cox, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridfre, Getz,
Ilamill, Thomas L. Jones, Lewis, Marshal], McNoely,
Morgan, Munxen, Niblaek, Randall, Shorrod, Stilos,
Bwccnoy, Trimble, Van Aukcn, Van Trump, Voor-
hees, Winchester, and Woodward—27.
N AYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Amos, Armstrong,
Asper, Atwuod, Ayer, Bailey, Beatty, Bennett, Ben-
ton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boles, Booker,
Buckley, Buffinton.Burchard, Burdett, Burr, Benja-
min I\ Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin,
Cessna. Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cook. Covode., Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Darrall, Wege-
ner, I)ickey, Donley Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry,
Kinkolnbarg, Fisher, Fitch, Gfilfillan. Harris. Haw-
kins, Hawley, 3Xay, Hays, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Jcnckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kclsey,
Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp. Lash, Lawrence, Logan,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCorniiek, McCrary, Ale-
Grow, MeKensie, Ehakim II. Moore, Jesse II. Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Pucker, Paine, Palmer,
Peek, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Prosser,
Iteoves, Itiee, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Sohenck,
Schumakor, Scoiield, John A. Smith, Joseph S.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman,
Townsend, Twichell, Tynor, EJpson.Van Horn,Wal-
lace, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson,
and Eugene M. Wilson—I.jO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Arnell, Axtcll, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin, Bowen,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, William T. Ciark,
Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Davis,
D'-iwes, Dixon, Dockery, Farnsworth, Fox, Garfield,
Gibson, Griswoid. Haight, Ilaldeman.IIale.Hamble-
ton, Hamilton, Heflin, Hoge, Holman, Hotehkiss,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Knoft, Laf-
3in, Loughridge, Lynch, Mayham, McKeo, Mercur,
Ivlilnes, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Newsham,Pcrce,Pomeroy.Porter, Kulgway, Rogers,
Roots, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Shober, Slocum, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Strader,
Swann, Van Wyck, Welkor, Wiiiarcl. Williams,
John T. Wilson, Wmans, Witcher, and Wood—73.
So the motion of Mr. McNeely was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion
of Mr. Brooks, of New York, that the House
adjourn.
-Mr. STILES. I move that the House take
a recess until seven o'clock this evening; and
on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider, and move to suspend the rules to
adopt the proposition I send to the Chair as a
substitute for the report of the majority of the
committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the with-
drawal of the motion to reconsider. Business
having intervened, the gentleman cannot with-
draw the motion without unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary to
withdraw it in order to move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is a
previous motion pending.
The SPEAKER. There is only one motion
pending.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There are three motions
pending.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman inform
the Chair what they are?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The motion to recon-
sider, the motion to lay that motion on the
table 
The SPEAKER. The Chair meant to say
that only one dilatory motion was pending.
The Chair did not recognize the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles] who made
the motion for a recess.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But these motions have
already had the yeas and nays ordered on them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware of
that; but only the motion to adjourn is now in
order,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] cannot withdraw the motion
to reconsider without unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so under-
stands ; but the withdrawal of the motion to
reconsider is not necessary to enable the gen-
tleman to move to suspend the rules. The
motion is that the House now adjourn, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. STILES. I now move that the House
take a recess till seven o'clock this evening ;
and on that motion I call lor the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his motion absolutely,
and not undertake by circumlocution to bring
about that proposition, I do not think there
will be any objection on this side of the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Lot the gen-
tleman's resolution be read.
Mr. STILES. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gives notice
that, in accordance with the rule of the House,
he wili recognize only the pending motion to
adjourn, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dayis] havingannounced his intention to move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from New
York cannot get the floor.
The SPEAKER. That is for the Chair, and
not for the gentleman from Wisconsin, to
decide.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not decide, but
merely direct the Speaker's attention to the
fact.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"161. Pending a motion to suspend tho rules the
Speaker may entertain one motion that the House
do now adjourn; but after the result thereon is
announced he shall not entertain any other dilatory
motion till the vote is taken on suspension."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New York to suspend the rules is
not before the House, and I make the point of
order that it cannot be till the pending ques-
tions are decided.
The SPEAKER. Then, according to the
gentleman's ruling, the gentleman from New
York could never get the floor to move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not making any
ruling.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair is making a
ruling, under the rule which has just been read
by the Clerk. He will recognize only the pend-
ing motion to adjourn under that rule. He
will not even entertain the motion to take a
recess
Mr.*ELDRIDG"E. Tho Chair has already
recognized the motion of tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that the House take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair has recog-
nized it, he corrects his error and withdraws his
recognition.
Mr. RANDALL. But the yeas and nays liavo
been ordered on the motion to take a recess.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is out of the power of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. It is not out of the power
of the Chair. It is the duty of the Chair to
execute the rules of the House, and the rulo
which the Chair has bad read allows him, in
this case of suspension of the rules, to entertain
only one motion to adjourn, and that is the
pending motion. The Clerk will call the roll
on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 25, nays 125, not voting
80; as follows:
YEAS—• Messrs. Archer, Bird, James Brooks,
Cleveland, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge. (xetz, Halde-
man, Ilamill, Thomas L. Jones, Marshall, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Randall,
Reeves, Rice, Sherrod, Stiles, Swann, Van Tramp,
and Voorhees—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Aines, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, .Bingham, Blair, Boles. Booker, George M.
Brooks, Buekiey, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, William
T. Clark, Amasa, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook,
Covode, Crebs, Cullom, Darrall, Davis. Dawes,
Degener, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer. El a, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Finkolnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Uilfillan,
Harris, llawley, .flay, Hill. Hoar, Hooper, Jenekes,
Johnson, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapp. Lash. Lawrence, Lewis, McCarthy, Mo-
Cormiek, McGrew, McKenzie, Mercur, Jfiliakiin H.
Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,,
Prosser, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schumaker,
Soolield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
Jo&eph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stokes, Stou&hton, Strickland, Strong, Taiie, Tan-
ner, Taylor. Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Upson,
Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, CadwnladerC. Wash burn,
William B. Washburn, Wclis, Wheeler, Whifmoro,
Wilkinson, wiilard, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—125.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Axtell, Barnum, Barry, Beaman, Beck, Ben-
nett, Biggs, Bowen, Boyd, Buck, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conner, Cowles, Cox, Dixon, Dockery, Farns-
worth, Fox, Garfield, Gibson, Griswoid. Ilaight,
Hu/le, Ilambleton, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hays, Hef-
lin, Hoge, llolman, Hotehkiss. IngersolL Alexander
H. Jones, Julian, Kerr, Knott, Lafiin, Logan,
Lou^hridge, Lynch, Mnyhain, Maynard, McCrary,
Moli.ee, Milnes, Jesse II. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Negley. Newsham, Pomeroy, Porter,
Ridgway, Rogers, Roots, Sckenck, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Sliober, Slocum, Stevenson, Stone. Strader,
Sweeney, Trimble, Tyner, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Welker, Winnns, Winchester, Witcher, Wood, and
Woodward—80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
unrolled bills,
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles$ when the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 84) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the
case of the British steamer Labnan ;
A bill (S. No. 86) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the district of Louisiana in the case of the
British schooner Flying Scud and her cargo;
A bill (H. R. No. 2104) providing for refund-
ing the interest paid by the State of Massachu-
setts on money expended by her on account
of the war of 1812-15; and
A bill (H. 11. No. 2275) to provide for the
paving of Pennsylvania avenue.
funding bill.
The SPEx^KER announced the following as
the committee of conference on the funding
bill: Mr. Schexck, Mr. Hooper, of Massa-
chusetts, and Mr. Brooks, of New York.
Mr. BROOKS, of New Yoik. I suggest that
the members of the conference committee are
all on one side, and the minority is not repre-
sented at all.
The SPEAKER, It is not essential that it
should be. Both sides of the House are repre-
sented.
