212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
this broad and general principle, that I rose to
make this statement.
Mr. THURMA.N. Mr. President, I am sorry
to trouble the Senate withany more remarks,
and I \vill promise not to take much of their
time ;■ but some things that have fallen from
my colleague require notice at my hands; and i
first, in regard to the deserters who were sought '
to be disfranchised by the proposed amend-
ment to the constitution of the State of Ohio.
I cjuit'e agr^e with my colleague that the prop-
osition to disfranchise them was- outrageous.
The facts were in regard to most of them very
nearly as stated by my colleague; they were
men'whohad enlisted, according to their terms
of enlistment) for three years or until the close
of the war. They understood that that was an
engagement to serve for*three years if the war
should so long last; but that if the wax should
close before the expiration of three years, then
the term of their enlistment would close too.
That was the interpretation |they put upon it,
and not from any disposition to desert the flag;
not from any disposition to evade the perform-
ance of the duties they had undertaken, but
because they believed the war to be at an end
afterallthe rebel armies had been surrendered,
they left for their homes. Technically they
were deserters, because,technically no soldier
has a right to leave, even when his term has
expired, until he receives his discharge. There-
fore they were borne upon the book? of the
War Department as deserters, but they were
not deserters in fact j they were not deserters
in any reproachful sense of that term. I con-
cur, and I am glacl to concur, in joining my own
vindication to that of my colleague of those
patriotic men. I agree to that, but now I want
to call the attention of my colleague to one
thing.
He goes further; he says they had a right to
leave; they ought not to hove been called de-
serters at all; they had the right to leave because
peace was proclaimed. My colleague says that
after the surrender of the .southern armies in
the spring and summer of 1865 they had the
right to leave because there then was peace,
there then was no longer war. My colleague
gives it as his legal opinion, as his opinion as
a Senator—he is both a lawyer and a Senator—
that peace theu existed; war had ceased ; there
was no more war in the country, and even the
soldiers of the Army without waiting for a dis-
charge had the right to leave and go to their
homes. And yet, Mr. President, every single
one of your reconstruction acts, every single
one of your laws that puts the southern people
under the dominion of the military and subjects
them to trial by drum-head court-martial, pro-
ceeds upon the ground that war exists down
to this day. The very bill that is before the
Senate proceeds on the ground that war exists.
By what other right, in plain violation of the
Constitution, do you propose to try a man not
in the military or naval service of the United
States by court-martial, and hang him, unless
war exists ?
Your Attorney General, in the opinion he
gave in the Weaver case, justifying the convic-
tion of that man by court-martial, advised the
President in effect to approve that sentence
and hang the man on the ground that in this
year of grace 1869 the United States are at
war with the State of Texas. Ah, sir, if peace
were so fully restored, if war had ceased, if
all the blessings of peace had once more been
shed upon the country, and there was no man
in arms to make us afraid; if that were so truly
the case that men enlisted in the Army of the
United States had a right to leave their ranks,
throw down their swords, take up the plow-
share and resume their peaceful avocations in
the early summer of 1865, I hope to have the
support of my colleague in opposing the bill
iiow before the Senate, which is a war measure
and nothing else.
It will not do to say that you find the power
for this bill in the authority to guaranty to
each State a republican form of government.
If I had the strength and the Senate had the
patience I should try, fruitless as the effort might
be, to show that'that clause has no application
to the case; but I say it will not do to invoke
that provision of the Constitution to sustain
these reconstruction measures; and this bill
which is nowbefore the Senate, and which goes
further than any reconstruction measure yet,
which strikes down a State after it has com-
plied with your reconstruction measures, which
if it can be enacted in regard to Georgia can be
enacted in regard to Ohio, which can authorize
this Senate to turn out the Legislature of Ohio,
or New York, or Massachusetts, by just as
much right as you can turn out the members
of the Legislature of Georgia—nay, sir, you
have not a shadow of ground to stand upon for
this bill except that peace has not been restored,
that war yet' exists between us and Geor-
gia," and that therefore, in the exercise of the
war-making power, you can try a citizen of
Georgia by court-martial, convict and hang
him—that is your only power for this bill.
And now I say once more I rejoice to find my
able, distinguished, and patriotic colleague on
my side; 1 hope to have his vote in accordance
with the fact that peace prevails over this coun-
try and there is no more war.
. One thing ihore, sir. My colleague says that
he hopes to have the privilege before this ses-
sion adjourns of presenting from his State a
ratification of the fifteenth amendment, the cap-
sheaf of this great something or other—pyra-
mid, I believe he called it, of civil and hu&an
liberty—this thing ^vhich disregards color,
which will reject no man because of the color
of his skin, which utterly detests and abhors
caste, and is to make this country the exemplar
of that divine impartiality which prevails in the
kingdom to come. Ah I when the question
comes whether John Chinaman shall vote, I
hope my friend will be able then to explain how
it is that this fifteenth amendment excludes
him. I hope my colleague will,be able to ex-
plain how this great cap-sheaf of impartial
justice, this thing which makes this Radical
party almost the ministers of the Almighty,
which makes this Radical Government an ex-
emplar oh earth of what the divine government
is in the other world—I hope he will explain
how it is that it enables you to say that a man
with a black skin "can vote and a man with a
yellow skin cannot.
Mr. DRAKtl. Mr. President, it being very
manifest now that the Senators from Ohio have
placed themselves recti in curia before that
great constituency, I suggest that perhaps we
might as well return to the bill and see if we
cannot get a vote upon it.
The .VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion is
on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose this as a sub-
stitute for that amendment—it is simply a
change in phraseology—to strike out all after
the word '■ that" and insert:
Tho Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment. proposed to the 'Constitution of the United
States before Senators and Representatives from
Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress.
Mr. DRAKE. What is the difference be-
tween that and the other ?
Mr. NYE. This does not include the four-
teenth amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. The fourteenth amendment
has already been stricken out by the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It improves the phrase-
ology.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana accept this modification ?
Mr. MORTON. As it contains precisely the
substance of my amendment, and as it has a
change of phraseology which will obviate some
verbal arguments that have been offered here,
I am willing to accept it as a substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment as modified.
Mr. CARPENTER. Before the final vote is
taken on this question I desire to say a word.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow the amendment lo be reported
again? We did not hear it on this side.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment,
as modified^ will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as now
modified, is to strike out the eighth section of
the bill after the enacting clause, and in lieu
thereof to insert:
That the 'Legislature shall ratify tho fifteenth
amendment proposed to tho Constitution of the Uni-
ted States before Senators and Representatives-from
Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not see that the
change iu phraseology makes any difference
with the amendment. I think the Senator from
Indiana is quite right in saying that it is sub-
stantially his own proposition, and he therefore
properly accepts it. I desire to say, however,
a few words in vindication of the objections
which I still retain, in spite of all my exertions
to overcome them, to the adoption of that
amendment.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] said
yesterday that the difference between myself
and the Senator from Indiana was that I was
not willing to say what I meant and the Sen-
ator from Indiana was willing. That is not
exactly the statement of the case. I desire
here once more to. repeat, as I was quite essen-
tially misrepresented by the report of our pro-
ceedings yesterday in the public press, .that
there is no difference whatever between the
Senator from Indiana and myself upon any
principle involved in his amendment. He
desires the ratification' of the fifteenth amend-
ment ; so do all the members of the Judiciary
Committee who agreed to report this bill. He
means that Georgia shall ratify thatamendment
before she has a place in this Hall; so I believe
does every member who agreed to report this-
bill. But the question remains whether it is
policy for us to embody that enactment in this
bill. The Senator from Ohio, who stated the
difference between the Senator from Indiana
and myself to be one of form, not of .sub-
stance, is lawyer enough to knbw very well
that it is often in judicial proceedings a vital
question, not what the facts really are, but
what does the record show the facts to be;
and unless my friend, the distinguished Sena-
tor from Missouri, shall speedily pass his bill,
I can comprehend, that the Supreme Court, of
the United States in subsequent proceedings
may come upon t]iis question, and may have to
pass upon it with all the niceties and technic-
alities which control judicial proceedings,
and that patriotic appeals and popular decla-
mation will then go for nothing. I am aware
that the Senator from Indiana would have the
advantage of us in arguing this question before
a crowd,-and that there is some apparent forfie
in his rhetoric here upon this subject; that'we
are standing upon a technicality when the ques-
tion involves a broad, national object which
should be secured and respected ; and it is
because such remarks here from the Senator
from Indiana seem to drive us who reported
this bill in this form into an opposition to tie
principles of that amendment that I desire
here in the very last hour to explain why I must
vote against the amendment.
The amendment now offered does steer clear
of the objection which was embodied in the
phraseology of the amendment as submitted by
the Senator from Indiana. That provided that
the Legislature should be provisional until it
ratified the fifteenth amendment. Now, I am
with the Senator from Indiana even to the
extent of saying that that would not actually
prevent tho ratification being valid when tho
State should subsequently be admitted to her
representation in Congress. The Supreme
Court of the United States decided in regard
to a statute passed by the State of Michigan
before she was admitted, creating a corpora-
tion, that after the State had been admitted
into the Union the validity of that statute could
not be questioned. I do not see why the prin-
ciples of that decision do not apply to every
