610
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE,
[June 9,
Ho. 01? Keps.
Naturalization—Mr. Olevelatid.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
But we are not left without explanation as
to this. It seems that the basis of representa-
tion is certain secret benevolent institutions
that are to be found in the island. The report
says that while they have not had such elec-
tions as we have in this country, these secret
societies form a sufficient basis of representa-
tion ; and, if I understand the gentleman, he
seemed to think they would be more likely
to reflect properly the political sentiment of
people than our own mode. He tells us that
this is a most excellent method of electing
members of Congress. Now, our Democratic
friends are, as 1 understand it, disposed to
favor these resolutions. I think I understand
why. If passed, they are a direct reproof of
the Administration; and so, for the purpose of
condemning a Republican President, they sus-
tain this government which its friends claim
is founded on organizations amazingly like the
Know-Nothingorganization, which had much
to do with the politics of this country fifteen
or sixteen years since, but which until now I
have never lieaid eulogized as a sufficient
substitute for popular elections.
Mr. BANK.S. Accordingto the best inform-
ation which we have these are Masonic socie-
ties in Cab:i.
Mr. AMBLER. This will be news, I think,
to that, ancient and honorable fraternity. I
know something about that organization, and
confess it is news to me. But, in any event, I
object to these "secret benevolent associa-
tions" as a basis of representation.
It is conceded that they have no seat of
government, do not control a single city, vil-
lage, or hamlet in all Cuba, and I think I may
add do not, so far as the proof goes, control
a single habitation. The gentleman indulged
in some pleasantry on this subject; but I still
think tlint a government which only controls
the territory from time to time covcred by the
feet of its soldiers, which lias no local habita-
tion, no place of rest, which has its headquar-
ters, both civil and military,'in the saddle, and
which its friends say, wisely refuses to locate
itself because location would be annihilation,
can hardly be said to be established, or in such
condition as to bo entitled to a declaration of
neutrality at, our hands.
1 do not pretend that there is no testimony
tending to establish the claim of tho majority;
but to my mind all is uncertainty and doubt,
and admitted facts contradict the assertions
of witnesses in the case. Let me illustrate
this uncertainly. Ill February last the report
of the m.-ijmity of the committee, under the
order of the House, was published for the use
of the committee, and 1 there (hid that the
majority state that there is in the Cuban army
''twenty thousand well-armed men;" but in
the report, as it stands now tliey divide this
number by two—ten thousand is all they have
now. How are we to account for this falling
off? Has the revolutionary parly been losing
ground at this rate? If so, we clearly cannot
expect it to be a success. But no ; this is
m.-iely the difference in the information then
and now. The witnesses do not exactly agree ;
they differ by one half.
In my judgment the constitution, congress,
election:;, and civil institutions are ail on
paper; and the actual fact is, that a few gallant
and patriotic men are carrying on a guerrilla
warfare, hiding in the mountains and forests,
and attempting to maintain themselves. This
condition of the revolution calls for and I trust
has our sympathies; but its right under the law
of nations to a recognition of helligerency is
quite another thing, for this right depends,
first, on the existence of a fact which I think
is clearly wanting; and, however much we may
desire their success, the dignity of the Govern-
ment and a decent respect for established prin-
ciples of international law will not permit us
to falsify the record and recognize them as
a Government de facto by a declaration of
neutrality.
But, sir, if there was a de facto government
still we would not be at liberty to pass these
resolutions, assuming that we mean to abide
by recognized doctrines of international law ;
because no occasion exists for any such act.
I think I have shown clearly that such a
declaration, avowedly for the purpose of giving
moral support to the insurrectionary party,
would be unjustifiable. This would be helping
one party in the name of neutrality; and for
myself 1 do not believe in doing that by indi-
rection which we would not be willing to do
directly. It would be infinitely more manly
to declare war against Spain than by an un-
called for act take part in her quarrel, still
keeping out of danger. Now, even if the
republican party in Cuba has all the position
and power that is claimed for it—is a de facto
government, and likely to maintain itself as
such—still it is a power confessedly confined
to the interior of the island ; it has no sea-port,
no navy, or merchant marine, no commerce,
no relations with us or the world at large that
calls for such a declaration as is proposed ; and
I again call on an American writer on inter-
national law to inquire our duty and our rights
in such a casa :
" As to tho relation of tho foreign State to tho con-
test, if it is solely on land, and tlio foreign Stuto is
not contiguous, it is difficult to imagino a cull for
tho recognition. If, lor instanco, tho United States
should formally rocognize belligerent lights in an
insurgent community at the center of Europe, with
no sea-ports, it would require a hardly supposable
necessity to make it, else than a mere demonstration
of tnoral support." 11 * * * "InaconLest
wholly upon land a contiguous State may be obliged
to nialte the decision who'her or not to regard it as
war; but, in pra,ctico, this has not been dono by a
general and prospective declaration, but bv actual
treatmentofensesasthevarise."—Dana's Wheaton's
International Law, see. 23, p. 35, note.
Now, this contest, whether great or small,
whether organized or guerrilla, whether backed
by a substantial civil organization or simply and
only a military movement, is still one removed
from us, confined to the interior of the island,
without commercial importance, and so re-
moved from the rest of the world that no com-
plications can arise making it necessary that
our neutrality should be proclaimed. Theybave
no navy nor commercial marine that by con-
tactor dealings with our people call for a declar-
ation of their status ; no question of right of
search calls for the declaration, and, in short,
the only thing to be accomplished by it would
be the moral support resulting to the insurgent
party, and possibly a feeling of exasperation
on the part, of Spain which might lead to diffi-
culties between thisGovernmentand that. In-
deed, Cuban sympathizers have not been want-
ing who say that the very object in pressing
the proposed recognition is a belief thatit would
necessarily lead to war between this country
and Spain, and that this war would bo largely
to the, advantage of Cuba. I think it likely that
it would, but do not think that we are so anx-
ious for a light as to place ourselves clearly in
the wrong to obtain one.
It is apparent, as it seems to me, that the
resolutions that are proposed by tho committee
ought not to pass, that the Administration is
doing its entire duty in the premises, and that
no action on the part of Congress is called for
or justifiable. Indeed, but for the industry and
perseverance of the Cuban party in this coun-
try, I am persuaded that no person would have
thought of finding any fault with the action of
the Administration, sustained as it is by the
previous history and policy of the Government
and by the recognized principles of law.
The bill proposed by the minority of the com-
mittee ought, in my judgment, to commend
itself to the favor of the House; its only pur-
pose is to supply a defect in our existing neu-
trality laws, and prevent, at any future time,
or in any future revolution of an American
colony against European despotism and domi-
nation, the repetition of such an act as the
supply of gun-boats or ships of war—equipped
for service—to the parent country for the pur-
pose of putting down the revolution. It estab-
lishes a neutrality in fact and from the begin-
ning in all such contests, on the part of the
United States, and it is much to be regretted
that the lack of such a statute should have pre-
vented the Administration from stopping the
supply of gun-boats to Spain. Gentlemen talk
ofthewantofaforeign policy. As I understand
it, the policy of tho present Administration,
foreign and domestic, is to administer the laws,
not to make them ; and the only cause of com-
plaint against us on the part of the Cubans is
from a failure of the law-making and not of the
executive branch of Government. The Presi-
dent would have prevented the sailing of the
gun-boats, but unfortunately Congress had
failed to furnish him with the authority; and
except in this single instance I know of no
complaint on the part of the Cubans of a lack
of impartiality on the part of the Administra-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, my time has about expired,
and I have but little to add. I will say that I
hope for the success of this revolution. I hope
that at the next meeting of Congress the revo-
lution in Cuba will have so far progressed that
the new republic will be entitled, not merely to
a declaration ot' neutrality, but to a recogni-
tion of its independence at the hands of this
Government. I hope that it may triumph; it
has my warmest sympathies; but, sir, my feel-
ings must not control my judgment; and the
question whicli is presented to me as a mem-
ber of this House for determination is one of
fact, not of feeling. It is, do the circumstances
now existing warrant this declaration? Ihave
been unable to find from the testimony that
they do.
Naturalization—Value of Immigration.
SPEECH OP HON. O CLEVELAND,
of new jersey,
In the House op Representatives,
June 9, 1870,
On the bill (H. It. No. 1399) to establish a uniform
System of naturalization, and to regulato proceed-
ing? under the same.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Speaker, I did
not intend to address the House upon this
bill, as it was well understood on this side
of the House that tho gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldiiidge,] from the committee,
bad prepared a complete answer to all the
usual arguments in favor of such a measure,
and a thorough dissection of the shallow pre-
tenses of the Republican party that elec-
tions in our largo cities have been changed by
frauds perpetrated by naturalized citizens,
who had procured their naturalization papers
sooner than the legal time. We have heard
the speech of the gentleman, and his eloquent
protest against the passage of this infamous bill
expresses the sentiments of this side of the
House. He has taken the bill to pieces so
effectually that I doubt if it can be got together
again even by the great legal mind of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Davis, J who has
been clucking over the bill like a setting hen
the past two months, and who has now given
notice that he will move to recommit it. He
desires to get it back to his nest again in the
committee, in order that he may dress it out
with new plumage for another exhibition before
tho country of the narrowness, piejudice, and
bigotry of the Republican mind in this House.
I denounced this bill as infamous ; but some
men glory in their infamy, and the gentleman
who introduced this bill gloats over it, glories
in it, and hawks it about as beggars and char-
