1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
act of a sovereign State after it is admitted by
the act of Congress in admitting her repre-
sentatives as tbosc of a sovereign State ; and
X think, even with the phraseology of the Sen-
ator of Indiana, declaring the Legislature pro-
visional until it should adopt this amendment
of the Constitution, that when subsequently
she should be admitted into the Union that
would cure the ratification and make all good
within the principles of the decision of the
Supreme Court in the Michigan case, to which
I have referred, which I believe to be sound
law.
But, conceding this to be so, the Senator from
Indiana says we are inconsistent; and he says
we are cowardly if we go back, as he expresses
il, by which he means if we change the phrase-
ology of this bill from that of the bills which
have related to other States. Now, this differ-
ence between us, as I have said, merely goes
to the form in which this record is to be made
up. We are malting up acase here to-night for
the Supreme Court of the United States, or for
any other court, that way have to pass upon
the question of the validity of the fifteenth
amendment by Georgia; and the real point of
difference between the Senator from Indiana
and myself is, whether we shall make up the
record so as to create an objection for our
opponents, upon which they will try to drive
sis into arguments for its defense; when we
can accomplish the end we all have in view,
and avoid the objection. It may be said wo
are technical. That is so; but it is in antici-
pation of technical objections before a judicial
tribunal, where it is no answer to an opponent
to say that his argument is very technical,
unless you can also show it to be unsound. I
believe the objection is unsound; but if our
courts should hereafter think differently, then
I have no doubt the Senator from Indiana
would wish that tBc objection had boon obvi-
_ ated when it was so easy to have done so.
' Professional niceties are proper when employed
in promoting just ends. Even the Apostles
wore commanded to bo harmless as (loves, yet
wise as serpents, with which they would have
to contend.
Every lawyer knows, and it is a thing per-
fectly familiar and constantly recurring in his
practice, that if he tries a case once in the
court below and meets certain objections lie
•may have a decision in his favor and go on
with the case; and when he comes to try it
again, the same questions coming up, if he can
possibly avoid thera he will do so ; if he can-
not avoid them he will stand the chances upon
them and go to the Supreme Court on the ques-
tion as originally decided. Now, if we change
the phraseology of this act and steer clear of
this difficulty we do not admit that we were
wrong when we passed the other act. Wo do
admit, what every man knows and what this
debate has abundantly proved to us, that there
is a question made by our opponents, which
question I say we may obviate by leaving out
this provision in this act.
Ono word more upon the necessity of the
bill. I do not intend to go into any discussion
upon the political questions which lie at the
base of this legislation. They have been dis-
cussed over and over again in the Senate, in
the House, in the Supreme Court, and before
the country. But there are many reasons for
the passage of this bill aside from the general
principles embodied in all the reconstruction
legislation of Congress upon which it may also
be justified.
The Senator from New York has already
read to the Senate the very able letter of Mr.
Stephens upon the mere legal question. As at
present advised I entirely concur with the
opinion expressed by Mr. Stephens in that let-
ter. It is true that if the Legislature of Geor-
gia should take up that question and decide it
the other way there may be no tribunal which
could reverse their decision ; but in strict and
regular practice, after that Legislature has once
passed upon the question and settled and de-
termined the rights of the different claimants
to their seats and adjourned that session, I do
not believe that it has the power to reverse
that decision.
What should we do if the same state of facts
had occurred in any other State of the Union?
In the State of New York, for instance, if we
should see that her Legislature was actually and
de facto constituted of men who had not been
elected, and who held their seats by violence
and by revolutionary proceedings, andtheatten-
tion of Congress being directed to it, the power
of the General Government to guaranty repub-
lican institutions to that State being invoked,
Congress would have the undoubted right and
power to interfere and correct the evil. But
how should we interfere? Not by overthrow-
ing the whole government of the State of New
York, not by displacing the Governor of that
State and her judicial department. Congress
would simply draw the caustic around the dis-
eased part.
This bill does precisely that with Georgia.
The difficulty, so far as reconstruction has
proceeded there, is confined to the legislative
branch of the Government. This bill is directed
solely to that point, and it steers clear of the
question about which our friends are not en-
tirely agreed, whether Georgia has or has not
complied with the requirements of tho recon-
struction acts so as to bo entitled to be admit-
ted here. Wo are postponing by this bill final
action upon that question until wo can have
before us the results of the investigation which
will bo had under this bill in regard to the con-
struction of that Legislature. Then with the
facts all before us, ascertained under the provis-
ions of our own bill, wo can determine whether
the Senators who claim their seats hero from
Georgia ought to have them or not. Then we
can act understandingly. Then wo can do what
tho justice of tho case calls for. And it does
soom to mo, since hearing all the objections and
arguments on this question pro and con, that
this bill, just as it came from the Judiciary
Committee, is the bill which it is most prudent
and safe to pass, and that it will be cilicaeious
to all the ends in view.
Mr. STEWART. I did not intend to make
any remarks on this bill, and I would not speak
now but for the fact that 1 was on tho Judiciary
Committee and voted for this report; and lest
my vote might be inisuuderstood I deem il
proper to say a word.
So far as having tho question alluded to in
the ease we have itnow as much as we can have
it. If the fifteenth amendment becomes a part
of the Constitution, the votes of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas must be counted, conse-
quently the same question will bo in the case,
and it is already made up with this question in,
if tho question amounts to anything. Whether
wo shall put this condition in or not is a mere
question of policy in the given case whether it
is necessary to do it. 1 did not think it mate-
rial before tho question was raised to put
this condition into the bill, for I think it, is well
understood that none of us will vole for the
admission of Georgia until she shall have rati-
fied this fifteenth amendment, fornobody would
believe that Georgia was reconstructed or had
any disposition to comply with the laws unless
she should ratify that amendment. Conse-
quently I was perfectly willing to submit the
bill in the shape il was reported, having the
utmost faith in Congress that she never would
be admitted, that she never would present a
case which would satisfy Congress thatthe laws
would bo enforced there, and that she was dis-
posed to enforce the laws and have peace
within her borders, until that event occurred.
But as this amendment has been offered and
been discussed I fear that to vole it down would
have a bad moral effect. I think it would
endanger the adoption of the fifteenth amend-
ment if we should vote down this amendment
alter this di^etission, beeause the'v is no sttOi-
eient, reason for votincr it down. We have done
the same thins in three other eases, and have
got the question in this case. If we vote this
down it will be taken by the people of Georgia
as a vote against this requirement; it will be
misunderstood. Consequently I shall vote for
this amendment so as not to be misunderstood.
As a matter of policy originally I do not think
I would put it into the bill, but inasmuch as it
is proposed and discussed I shall now vote
for it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it was not my
purpose to say anything on this subject; but
about an hour since a Republican friend, a
Senator, came to me and asked me if I thought
he' might safely absent himself from the Cham-
ber for an hour, and he said he wanted to be
here certainly when the vote was taken; and
I told him that I thought lie might safely go,
[Laughter.] Well,.as he is absent upon my
leave I feel that a point of honor requires me
now to make some remarks and consume the
time that maybe necessary to enable that Sen-
ator to return and give his vote.
Mr. DRAKE. What is the time?
Mr. DAVIS. ^An hour, A portion of the
time though, 1 may inforrS the Senator from
Missouri, has elapsed. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. How much?
Mr. DAVIS. I have not calculated it with
any certainty, I hope that under the circum-
stances, Mr. President, I shall be excused by
the weary Republican Senators for occupying
the attention of the Senate Until my absent
friend again reports for duty.
Mr. NYE. I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky that we are laboring under
weariness at this hour, and some of us will
pair off with his absent friend to save him
trouble. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am obliged
to the honorable Senator for his suggestion ;
but I never pair off myself, much less another
Senator. That is a little beyond my jurisdic-
tion, but not more so than I think the question
of the reorganization of Georgia is outside of
the jurisdiction of this Senate.
Mr. President, the main matter that is before
this body and before the country for its consid-
eration, according to my apprehension, is the
ratification of the constitution of Georgia, or in
other words, the power that is legitimate to or-
fanize a government for the State, of Georgia.
fow, I would ask the honorable Senator who
reported this bill, the able chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, whose business is
it to make a State government? What powei
in our country and under our system of mixed
State and Federal Governments is the appro-
priate power to make a State government?
Well, Mr. President, to my mind there can be
but one answer, and that answer is that the
people of the State itself are the only legitimate
and constitutional power upon earth that can
make a government for the State of Georgia
or for any other State.
Now, what is the question before this body
and what is tho power which the Senate is try-
ing to assume? It is that the Congress of I lie
United States shall divest the people of Georgia
of the power to make their own State govern-
ment, and assume and usurp that power itself.
Sir, I say that it is not competent for Congress
to take upon itself the exercise of such a power
at all. All the legislation of Congress upon
this subject of the States whose people were in
rebellion seems to concede the proposition that
those States are still members of the Union;
that is, they are States of the United States.
If that proposition is conceded, with what show
of logic or constitutional law can any man con-
tend that Congress has the power to make a
constitution for those States?
Mr, President., here seems to be the pith of
the question: if Georgia will come into the
Union and by her Legislature and State gov-
ernment range herself under the Radical ban-
ner and elect Radical Senators of the proper
stamp to the Senate of the United States, then
Georgia is a State in the Union ; but, on the
confiary, if Georgia will exercise her own hide-
