1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3413
„f (he Senate to Ae amendment of the Honse
of Representatives to the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 77) authorizing a distribution of the
copies remaining in the Department of State
of the Tributes of the Nations to Abraham
Lincoln.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I object.
Mr. LAFL1N. I wish to move that the
amendment of the Senate be non-concurred in,
and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Let it lie upon the table
until it is reached in its regular order.
Mr. LAFL1N. These booka are being
spoiled- This resolution has been before the
Senate and House for three months. It is
necessary these books should be taken from
the State Department and rebound, if we wish
to preserve them.
Mr. 1NGELISOLL. What is the matter with
these books?
Mr. LAFL1N. They are in a bad way.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I withdraw my objec-
tion. The amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was to strike out all after the words
"to wit,'" in the fourth line of the joint res-
olution, and insert:
Three copics to each Senator and member of the
House of Representatives of the Forty-First Con-
gress. and ilin remainder to be distributed by the
Secretary of State to such persons as he shall judi-
cata, the" Secretary of State having the authority to
have reflnished at the Government Printing Office
such copies as may need the same.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the word "three" before copies and in-
sert "two."
Mr. LAFLIN. I move non-concurrence in
the amendment of the Senate, and that the
House ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
kockaway shoals.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of an appro-
priation to defray the expense of providing some
suitable means for marking the southwest point of
itockaway shoal?, near the entrance to Rockaway
inlet, on the south coast of Long Island, for tho bet-
tor guidance and protection of mariners navigating
the said coast.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1981) to relieve sun-
dry citizens of Tennessee from all political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
uudson bay company, etc.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Appropriations
a bill making an appropriation to pay the
Government of Great Britain and Ireland, in
accordance with the award of the commis-
sioners appointed order the treaty of July 1,
1863, to settle the claims of the Hudson Bay
Company and the Pugefc Sound Agricultural
Company,
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. DAWES. One of my colleagues on the
Committee on Appropriations desires me to
withdraw the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not desire the bill
withdrawn, but I wish to debate it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield for debate.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the bill.
punishment of election tfttauds.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. 11. No. 1982) to prevent and
punish election frauds ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Elections, and ordered to be printed.
discovery of guano deposits.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of
the United States, reported back a bill: (H. R:
No. 16T9) to amend an act entitled "An act to
authorize protection to be given to citizens of
the United States who may discover deposits of
guano," approved August 18, 1856; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
james p. jaques.
Mr. HARRIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1983) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to settle and pay the
accounts of Colonel James F. Jaques ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1984) to remove
political disabilities from certain citizens of
Mississippi therein named; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. BO WEN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1985) to equalize the
bounties paid to United States soldiers, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
votes just taken ; and also moved that the
! motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
preemption laws.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1986) to extend
the provisions of the preemption laws to the
Territory of Colorado, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire the bill to be put
upon its passage now.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall not object if it
leads to no disenssion.
Mr. SARGENT. I will withdraw it if it
leads to any farther discussion than mere
explanation.
The bill was read. It provides for extend-
ing to the Territory of Colorado the privileges
of the act of May 20,1862, entitled "An act to
reduce the expenses of the survey and sale of
the public lands in the United States," and for
the repeal of the proviso of the first section of
the act approved June 2, 1862, entitled "An
act to establish a land office in the Territory
of Colorado, and for other purposes."
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I shall object to the bill
being put upon its passage unless there is some
explanation given.
Mr. SARGENT. I shall give an explana-
tion if I am allowed a few minutes. This is a
very important bill, and I am satisfied that no
one ttill object to it when its object is under-
stood. In 1862 there was a law passed by
Congress establishing a land office in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado* There was attached to
that act a proviso that within six months after
the survey in the field settlers should file their
declaratory statements under penalty of for-
feiture. This law for eight years has been held
only to apply to the Territory of Colorado.
But recently by a decision of the Secretary of
the Interior it has been applied to the whole
of the United States, so as to repeal important
provisions of the preemption laws. Under
those preemption tows the settler has three
months after the filing of the approved plat of
his township in the local land office to file his
notice of preemption. He goes to the land
office and has an opportunity to ascertain ex-
actly where his farm is; he can get a copy of
the map if he wants it, and can get some local
surveyor to assist him in finding hisexact sub-
division. The plats of survey are frequently
not filed for years after the survey is made. A
letter from one of the officers of a California
laud office that I received this morninginforms
me that twenty-five townships were surveyed
in my State, in populous counties, months ago,
and the plats tire not yet made because the
appropriation gave out. The settlers on those
lands have all forfeited tlieir homes unless we
give relief. They are taken by surprise. Fur-
ther, they have no means to find out where
their lands are. There are no plats to refer
to. The stakes are perishable and are illegi-
bly marked. They are often put away in
underbrush, where the most careful search
would overlook them. But the settler must
find them or lose his claim. Congress never
intended such consequences. It never in-
tended that a proviso attached to a local bill
should repeal the most beneficent provisions
of the general preemption law. I call atten-
tion to the circular from the General Land
Office that denounces the penalty of forfeiture
for a failure to comply with the new rule:
[Circular.]
Instructions respecting rights of preemption settlers on
public lands.
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office.
March 22,1870.
Whereas by act of Congress approved 27th March,
1854, entitled "An act tor the relief of settlers on
lands reserved for railroad purposes," "every set-
tler on lands which have been or may be with-
drawn from market in consequence of proposed rail-
roads, and who had settled thereon prior to such
withdrawal, shall bo entitled to preemption at the
ordinary minimum to the lands settled on ur.d cul-
tivated by them : Provided, They shall prove up their
rights according to such rules and regulations as may
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior."
And whereas the first section of the act approved
June 2,1862, (12 Statutes, 413,) provides "that all
the lands belong;ng to the United States to which
tiio Indian title has been or shall be extinguished
shall be subject to the operations of the preemption
act of the 4th of September, 1841, and under the con-
ditions, restrictions, and stipulations therein men-
tioned: Provided, however. That when unsurveyed
lands are claimed by preemption notice of the spe-
cific tracts claimed shall be filed within six months
after the survey has been made in the field: and on
failure to file such notice, or to pay for the tract
claimed within twelvemonths from the filing of such
notice, the parties claiming such lands shall forfeit
all right thereto, provided said notices may be filed
with the surveyor general, and to be noted by him
on tho township plats, untilotherarrangements have
been made by law for that purpose."
Therefore, in accordance with instructions from
the Secretary of the Interior, it is ordered that all
settlers on lands surveyed at date of settlement, and
within the lateral limits of withdrawals for railroad
purposes, where settlement was mado prior to date
of withdrawal, shall be required to file their declara-
tory statements within three months from the lstday
of June, 1870, and thereafter make proof and pay-
ment as required by law. And in all cases hereafter
settlers claiming preemption rights upon surveyed
lands under the act of March 27,1854, aforesaid, shall
be required to file their declaratory statements, and
make proof and payment in like manner as other
preemptors, in conformity with the requirements of
the preemption laws of 1841 and 1843.
2. That settlers upon unsurveyed lands, includ-
ing those within the lateral limits of withdrawals for
railroad purposes settled upon prior to withdrawal,
will be required within six months after survey in
the field (or, if surveyed before the publication of this
circular, within six months from the 1st day of June,
1870, aforesaid) to file their declaratory statements
with the register of the proper land office, or with
the surveyor general, where the plat of survey has
not been filed with such register, and thereafter to
make proof and payment for the tract within twelve
months from the date of filing, as required by tho
act of Juno 2, 1862, aforesaid. And where settlers
on lands unsurveyed at date of settlement have
already filed their declaratory statements with the
register of the proper land office, they will bo re-
quired to make proof and payment within twelve
months from the 1st day of Juno next, as aforesaid.
Settlers failing to comply with the requirements
of this circular will be held to have forfeited their
claims as preemptors under the law.  
JOS. S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
To Registers and Receivers United States Lund Offices,
and Surveyors General of the United States.
Since this circular was issued great alarm
has existed in my State. I consulted with th-s
Secretary of the Interior to see if the ruling'
could not be reversed, and he said that the
law ought to be repealed, but as long as it was
in the statute-book he must enforce it. I con-
sulted with Mr. Wilson, Commissioner of the
Land Office, who stated that it was against his
judgment that the act was extended to the
whole of the United States, and that he con-
sidered that it ought to be repealed for the
hardships it would cause. The chairman of
tho Committee on the Publie Lands, [Mr.
Julian,] for several daysbefot& h© was takeni
