1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1525
presenting * point of order. If he has a point
of order to submit let him state it.
Mr. DAVIS. My point of order is, that the
first question to be considered here is whether
the motion on the part of the defendant in this
case shall or shall not be granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point,of order. This is a parliamentary assem-
blage and not a court of law. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to be heard for a
moment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman rise
to a point of order?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, I do not. I ask to
be permitted to make a suggestion. I think
we are getting into a snarl.
Tbe SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the position
of this matter to be just this: the resolution
adopted by this House declares that Mr. Whit-
temore, the accused member, shall bo per-
mitted to appear at the bar of the House and
make his defense; that is to show cause, if
any lie have, why the resolution reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs proposing
his expulsion shall not be passed by the House.
That is the order to be executed. He is here
to exercise an ordinary privilege allowed every-
where, of course, and I think we ought to be
liberal, considering all th^j: is involved. He
has asked a postponement of final action on
his case. There maybe reasons why we should
refuse to postpone it, bat I think the House
ought not to refuse him a reply to his request
whether we will or will not postpone his case.
Hence Mr. Wxiittemork, not any one for him,
should be permitted to state to the House,
orally or in writing, whether he does or does
not desire to appear by coansel instead of ap-
pearing in person. If he makes that request,
unless to limit the number of counsel for con-
venience' sake, I think it illiberal to refuse to
allow him to be heard by counsel instead of in
person.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] having made a suggestion will
pardon the Chair for making one. It is quite
within the power and province of the House
to reach the point suggested by him and the
gentleman from New York, either by the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs
yielding for the purpose of having that motion
made, or by the House refusing to second his
demand for the previous question on another
motion. It is quite competent for the House
to determine that question without any ruling
of the Chair. The Chair, therefore, could not
intercept or interrupt the ordinary course of
parliamentary law.
Mr. PLATT. I would inquire whether, the
gentleman from South Carolina being entitled
to the floor, it is not competent for him to sub-
mit to the House the proposition which was
submitted a short time ago by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and him-
self to move that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts be allowed to appear in his behalf, or
that the consideration of the case be postponed ?
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair would recog-
nize that right as in the gentleman from South
Carolina and in no other member, he alone
being permitted to appear under the resolution
of the House. ! <
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to say that j
the gentleman being permitted by the House 11
to appear at the. bar to make his defense, it ]
would beeome the House to be liberal and !;
allow the motion to be put by some friend of j
"Mr. Whittemore that on the showing he has
made tbe case should be postponed, and let
the House decide that. I think it would be
proper for some member of tbe House to sub-
mit for him that motion, on his making arequest
to that effect; or, if he so desires, that he shall
beallowed counsel with whatever limitation as
to time or to the number of counsel, or other-
wise. that the House may itnpotg. His right
to ask this, I suppose, if he be a defendant,
cannot be gainsaid; although he himself ap-
pearing in the character of a defendant at the
bar might not, perhaps, be the proper person to
make the motion. Then, as to the question of
limitation as to time, I think if he be here in
the character of a defendant, to be heard either
on the preliminary motion or on tbe merits, we
would do well not to consider him aswithin the
rule of the House, which would restrict him,
as other members, to one hour, whether to be
occupied by himself or to be given away. I
think he ought to be heard at any length he
deems it necessary to be heard, either by him-
self or his counsel. Without indicating what
I may feel it my duty to do in voting upon the
case on its merits, I will say I am ready and
willing that Mr. Whittemore should be heard
himself, or, if he prefers it, by his counsel, at
any length he desires, before I decide what
punishment, if any, shall be inflicted.
The SPEAKER. Is it the desire of the
gentleman from South Carolina to move that
he be allowed to be heard before the House by
counsel ?
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to have the
gentleman accorded every privilege that is
right. Whether the House shall determine to
hear the gentleman from South Carolina by
himself or by counsel is a matter of indiffer-
ence to me. But I desire not to be precluded
from stating, as chairman of the committee,
tbe facts patent on the face of the case, afford-
ing, as I think, a sufficient reason why a post-
ponement should not he granted. I trust,
therefore, that the understanding will be that
if Mr. Whittemore is heard by his counsel
advantage will not be taken of this to prevent
reasons being offered why the postponement
asked should not be granted by the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
South Carolina will please to respond to the
interrogatory of the Chair, whether he desires
to submit a motion that he be heard by coun-
sel.
Mr. POLAND. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to allow me to
offer a resolution. J do not propose to move
the previous question upon it.
Mr. LOG AN. Mr. Speaker, as I said before
to the gentleman, and it seems strange that we
cannot understand each other, I would yield
to him if this was the proper time for doing so.
But I understand that the order of the House
was for the gentleman to present his defense.
That was the order of the House, and it should
be executed; and when he presents his defense
or his reasons for postponement, if he has any,
andthe committee shall have been heard, then
as a matter of course, after argument, I am
willing that the vote shall be taken, or the
House can vote on any proposition. That is a
matter for the House to determine.
The SPEAKER. The Cbair is bound to
admonish the House that on a motion for post-
ponement a very narrow margin of discussion
can be allowed, not involving the merits of the
case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest to
my colleague whether the member from South
Carolina has not presented here reasons why
he cannot present his defense at this time?
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; then I cl^jm the
right to be heard to show, as I can do, that the
reasons are not good.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
the first question is to decide whether the case
shall be postponed for the present.
Mr. PLATT. I rise to a point of order, and
it is that under the ruling of the Chair the
gentleman from South Carolina has a right to
offer a motion here, and no other member has
that right.
The SPEAKER. Noother member has such
a right so long as the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs has the floor.
Mr. WARD. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. As I understand, the gentleman
from S6bth C&rtHna [Mf. WhittbmObk] was
awarded the floor, and he yielded it to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlkr.]
Now, the gentleman from Massachusetts hav-
ing the floor, the gentleman from South Car-
olina having yielded it to him, why has not he
: a right to make the motion himself to post-
pone, independent of the gentleman from
Illinois ?
i The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Whittemore] yields for
a motion to be made, he yields all control of
' the floor. He will no longer have control of
the floor under the rules of the House if he
yields for a motion to be made.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I have already stated
that I yield the first half hour of my time to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler.]
Mr. POLAND. I send to the Clerk's desk
the resolution which I desire to offer.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the further consideration of the
resolution reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs for the expulsion of B. P. Whittemore from
his seat as a member of this Houso be postponed
until said committee shall make their final report,
under the resolution of February 4,1870, and that
said committee be directed to summon and examine
William P. Shaw, of Boston, Massachusetts, and M.
D. Lanckm, ofthocityof New York, and that Philip
H. Kegler, and any other witness whose testimony
has already been taken by said committee, be recalled
, upon the written request of said Whittemobe, to
j be cross-examined by him or by his coifnsel, and to
; report the testimony of said witnesses to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. That resolution is now before
the House for discussion ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to know why it is that I cannot have the
floor after having it yielded to me ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was endeavor-
ing to carry out the desire of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Whittemore.] It
was his desire that the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] should offer the resolution.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. The Chair misunder-
( stood me. I did not say so, although, of course,
I have no objection to the resolution. I desired
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
i ler] to speak for me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and would
, have done so long ago if he had claimed the
; floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to reserve the
; right to call for a separate vote on the resolu-
tidnj
The SPEAKER. That will be when the reso-
lution comes to be voted on. The gentleman
1 from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is entitled to
the floor for half an hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On what?
' The SPEAKER. On the resolution of the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr,
Speaker, I want, in the first plage, to say that
i having now been nominated bfefdre the House
to speak for the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Whittemore,] I propose to ask the
attention of the Speaker and of the Honse to
the matter of the limitation of time; I am
speaking for hitn, placed at the bar of the
House in his defense, and upon a preliminary
motion necessary for his defense. I therefore
believe that upon consideration the House will
not hold him to the time that he would have
as a member of the House, nor as a defendant
at the bar limit him to any time. I desire, in
the first place, lest we Bhould lose sight of the
great principles on which every proceeding of
this kind should be conducted, to ask for the
reading of the sixth article of the amendments
to the Constitution.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Abticle VI.
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein tho
crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law, and
to be informed ot the nature and Cause of the accu-
sation ; to be confronted with the witftessds fegaihst
