1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5801
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr.
sojt, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1545) relinquishing what-
ever title may remain in the United Statesto
a certain parcel of ground in Fremont, Ohio,
to the corporation of Fremont;
A bill (H. R. No. 68G) to make the Terri-
tory of Arizona a separate surveying district
and to establish the office of surveyor general
therein ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2213) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 80, 1870, and for other pur-
poses," approved April 20, 1870.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles, severally with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 2062) to require national
banks going into liquidation to retire their
circulating notes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2359) to declare forfeited
to the United States certain land3 granted to
the State of Louisiana to aid in constructing
a railroad therein.
The message further announced that the
Senate agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No, 781) mak-
ing appropriations for the payment of naval
and other pensions of the United States for
the year ending June 30, 1871.
patrick woods.
The House resumed the consideration of the
case of Patrick Woods.
Mr. STILES. I desire to inquire of the
Chair what is now the position of my motion
+ /> tnlja o tpppfifi;
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recog-
nize the right of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to make that motion.
Mr. STILES. I was recognized to make
the motion, and the yeas and nays were ordered
on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair submitted the
motion by mistake, and has corrected that mis-
take.
Mr. STILES. I now move that the House
take a recess until half past seven.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. STILES. On what ground?
The SPEAKER. On the ground that the
rule which the Clerk read, and which the Chair
■will again direct to be read, admits of but one
dilatory motion.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Pending amotion tosuspend the rules the Speaker
may entertain one motion that the House do now
pdjourn; but after the result thereon is announced
he shall not entertain any other dilatory motion till
the vote is taken on suspension."
Mr. STILES. I submit that there is no mo-
tion to suspend the rules now pending before
the Hou^e.
The SPEAKER. According to the construc-
tion of the rule which the gentleman contends
for, there never could be, if two gentlemen
combined to prevent it. The Chair does not
desire to chaffer on points of parliamentary
law; but he wiil say that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania must see that if one gentleman
persisted in making a motion to adjourn and
another in making a motion to take a recess,
those motions might bo agitated all day; and
if every other member of the House desired
to suspend the rules, the motion to do so could
not be got in. The Chair does not apprehend,
nor does he suppose that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania seriously apprehends that this is
the intention of the rules of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suggest to the Chair
that the motion to adjourn was made before
the motion to suspend the rules, and therefore
is not the one referred to in the rule.
Mr. STILLS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes that
there might be some point made in what has
been suggested by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Sir. Eldkidge,] that the motion of
adjournment made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] having been made before
the motion to suspend the rules, is not the one
referred to in the rule. And for the sake of
making the ruling perfectly and absolutely
without objection, if the minority side of the
House insists on it the Chair will recognize,
after the motion to suspend the rules is put
before the House, one motion to adjourn. The
Clerk will now read the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Davis.]
The Clerk read as follows:
That the rules he suspended, and that the follow-
ing resolution be agreed to :
lieeolvecl. That Patrick Woods, now held at the
bar ofthe House to answer for a breach of the privi-
leges of the House, for his offense be, and hereby; is,
ordered to be punished by imprisonment in the jail
of the District of Columbia as other criminals are,
for six months ; and that a warrant in due form,
under the hand of the Speaker, bo issued to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms directing the execution of this order.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to a_ parliamentary
inquiry. I wish to know, if this motion is not
adopted, and the motion to reconsider the vote
fixing three months as the term of punish-
ment is not agreed to, whether the order of
the House is not to imprison Patrick Woods
for three months ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
was defeated, and also the substitute reported
by the minority of the committee, and the
vote was about to be had upon the report of
the majority of the committee when the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Davis] inter-
rupted the proceedings by a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts was defeated.
After that various dilatory motions were made.
If the motion to suspend the rules should not
prevail, and the motion to reconsider should
fail, the question would then recur on the reso-
lution reported by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. ELDR1DG-E. I believe the first vote to
be taken is upon laying the motion to l'econ-
sider upon the table. That is a privileged
motion now before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged motion
under the rules ; but this is amotion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to inquire of the
Chair, if the rules be suspended, what the order
of the voting will be?
The SPEAKER. The motion of thegentle-
maii from New York [Mr. Davis] is to suspend
the rules and pass the resolution. That vote
would cover the whole ground.
Mr. CONGER,. I will ask if the motion is
susceptible of division ?
The SPEAKER. It is not susceptible of
division. The gentleman moves to suspend
the rules, to putthe resolution upon its passage,
and he has the right to make that motion.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] to so modify his mo-
tion as to pass the resolution reported by the
majority of the Committee on the Judiciary,
and to put an end to this matter.
Mr. STILES. I object to debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. All that we desire is that
the House should proceed regularly to vote on
the report of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it in my power to modify
my motion?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAYIS. Then, if it is m my power, I
modify my motion so as to suspend the rules,
and to put the resolution of the Committee on
the Judiciary, prescribing three months' im-
prisonment as the punishment, on its passage.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I modify ray motion in that
way.
The resolution, as modified, was read, as
follows:
Resolved, That Patrick Woods, now held at tho
bar of the House to answer for a broach of the priv-
ileges ofthe House, for Ms offense be, and is hereby,
ordered to be punished by imprisonment in tho jail
of the District of Columbia, as other criminals are,
for three months, and that a warrant bemade out in
form under the hand of the Speaker, and issued to
the Sergeant-at-Arms, directing the execution of
this order.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. On that resolution I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. COX. What becomes or the preamble?
The SPEAKER. A suspension^ the rules
will deprive the gentleman of the right to have
a division between the preamble and the reso-
lution, if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] includes the preamble in his motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I do, sir.
Mr. PAINE. I suppose there must be a
two-thirds vote to carry this motion?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. If the motion fails to receive
a two-thirds vote, what becomes of the report
of the committee?
The SPEAKER. If the motion.to suspend
the rules fails the proceedings will go on in the
regular course.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 110, nays 57, not voting 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey. Banks, Barry,
Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Boles, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bufliutun, Burchard, Bur-#
dctt, llodcrick 11. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Conger,
Cook, Cowles.Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dcgcner, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ela, Kcrriss. .Ferry, Finkelnburg,
E'isher,iitch,GUfillan, Harris Jiawley.Hays,Hooper,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Keiley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Lash, Lawrence. Maynurd, McCarthy, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, MeKee, Moreur, Eliakim it. Moore,
Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Myers, Ncgley, O'Neill, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt,
Prosper, Roots. Sanford, Sargent, Scofield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthiogtou O. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
StoughtoD, Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Taylor, Till-
man, Townsend, Twicheil.Tyner, Upson, \ an Horn,
Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalnder C. Wash-
burn, William B.Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, and Williams—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Booker, James Brooks. Burr,
Calkin, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb^Conner, Crebs, Dar-
rali, Dickinson, Dox, Bldridge, Fox, G-etz, Griswold,
Hardeman, Ilamill, Johnson,ThomasL. Jones. Kerr,
Knott, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, Mo-
Neely, Morgan, Mungen, Nibiack, Potter, Randall,
ITceves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Swann. Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhces, Weils, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—57.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs.Beaman, Benjamin, Blair,
Bowen, Boyd, Benjamin F. Butler, Ciinton L. Cobb,
Covodc, Cox, Dickcy, Dockery, Dyer, Farnsworth,
Garfield, Gibson. Haight,Hal«, Hambleton, Hamil-
ton, Hawkins, Hay, Heflin, Hill. Honr. Hoge. Hol-
man, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Knapp, Laiiin, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Me-
Kenzic, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, New-
sham, Orth, Poland. Pomerov, Porter, Ridgway, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Shober, Slocum, Strader,Taffe,Willard,
John T. Wilson, Wmans, and Witeher—54.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the preamble and
resolution reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary were adopted.
BILLS, ETC., APPROVED.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his
secretaries, announced that the President had
approved and signed bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 1467) to construe oertaiu
acts therein cited in relation to pensions;
An act (H. R. No. 210'o) to amend the laws
regulating the assessment of taxes in the city
of Washington ;
An act (H. R. No. 233-5) granting a pension
to Francis M. Davis ;
An act (H. R. No. 2351) to change the times
of holding the circuit and district courts of tho
