1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4357
The question being taken on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, it was not con-
curred in ; there being—ayes nine, noes not
counted.
Mr. HOLM AN. I demand a separate vote on
the amendment of the Senate providing for an
increase of judicial salaries.
The amendment was to insert the following
as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, 'Hi at from and after the
1st cl.iy of July, in the year of our Lord 1870, the sal-
ary of thn Chief Jmtiee of tho Supremo Court of the
United States shall be 810,000 per annum, and the sal -
nry of each of the associate j ustiees of said court shall
l>o Ss.OOO per annum, lo he paid in tho manner now
provided by law; and the salary of the judges of tho
circuit courts shall be $7,500 per annum, and tho
salary of the chief justice of tho supreme court of tho
District cf Columbia shall bo $5,500 per annum ; and
the salary of the district judges, tho judges of the
Court of Claims, and the associate judges of the
supreme court of tho District of Columbia shall by
$3,000 per annum, ibid tho amount necessary to pay
such increased salaries for the year ending June 30,
1S71, is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommend non-concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I trust the House will un-
derstand the nature of the proposition upon
which it is about to vote. I regret exceedingly
that the Committee on Appropriations have
seen fit to recommend non-concurrence m this
amendment. It does seem to me that the
amendment is one which is in every sense wise
and that ought to be adopted. The only pos-
sible ground of objection to it which occurs to
me is that tlie amendment docs not, perhaps,
go so far as it ought to go in the increase which
it makes in the salaries of some of the judges.
The administration of justice in every nation,
and the character and independence of the men
who administer it, are matters of the highest
consideration; and in no Government are they
so important as in ours, which by the nature
of its organization commits to the judgment
of its courts the decision of high political ques-
tions. Our fathers in framing this Govern-
ment wisely established a Government with
limited powers; and in order to secure, so far
as possible, an independent and impartial tri-
bunal for the determination of those limita-
tions, the decision of questions as to the povv-
eis of government was left to the supreme
tnbnnal which sits in this Capitol. How
wisely and impartially this court has dis-
charged its grave and important duties we all
know. Without any corresponding physical
power, that court by its high character and
mere moritl weight litu been able for seventh-
live j ears to actually prescribe limits to tne
powers of the different uepartments of the Gov*
- eminent, and to put a check upon the excite-
ments and antagonisms of political parties.
It was the wise policy of those who estab-
lished our Constitution to make these judges
independent, and the Constitution, therefore,
provided that they should hold olnce during
good behavior, and during the term ot their
office their compensation should not be dinun-
ished. Since the creation the Supreme
Court the compensation of its judges has been
once somewhat increased. At the present
time the salary of an associate justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States is $0,000,
and of the Chief Justice, $0,500—relatively
very much less than the increase which has
taken place meantime in the salaries of mem-
bers of Congress. Indeed, there has been no
increase whatever in the salaries of these
indues since 1855, notwithstanding the great
increase of the last ten years in the expenses
of living. , ,
Mr. KNOTT. Vv'ill the honorable gentle-
man permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. POTTER. Certainly, sir.
Mr KXOTT. What is the difference between
the salary paid to the Chief Justice of the
United States and the General ot the Army!
Mr POTTER. i believe the General ot the
1 Army has something more than twice as much,
Mr. SARGENT. Three times as much.
Mr. POTTER. The General of the Army,
then, Mr. Speaker, has a salary three times as
great as the salary of the Chief Justice of the
United States. Now, I have nothing to say in
reference to the salaries of our generals; but
1 believe that the salaries of our judges are
generally shamefully inadequate. If you want
the best men to fill these offices you ought to
provide adequate compensation for them.
In the circuit in which I live the two United
States judges are men who have given up pro-
fessional emoluments to the extent of from
twenty to thirty thousand dollars a year each
in order to discharge the duties of their present
positions. They are fortunately men of private
fortune and of patriotic motives sufficient to
justify them in making this sacrifice.
Cut this cannot always be the case.^ Indeed
I understand that a distinguished citizen of
Massachusetts appointed some years ago to the
bench of the Supremo Court of the United
States was compelled to resign and return to
his private practice because he found he could
not support himself upon the salary of the
position. Those who know to whom I allude
know liovv great are his powers and how rare
his legal abilities and how valuable his services
would be to tho country upon the Supreme
bench.
Mr. Speaker, it is not true economy to save
a few dollars in salaries, if in any instance the
Government is thus deprived of the service
of its most competent men as judges. There
can bo no better policy than to secure the best
abilities for these high trusts, and when we
have them wo should retain them there by pro-
viding adequate compensation for their ser-
vices. i _ ...
The increase lixed by this proposition is a
great deal less than I think it ought to be so
far as the judges of the Supreme Court are con-
cemed, and so lar, also, as some ot the other
judges embraced in the amendment are con-
cerned. It may possibly be, as 1 have heard
asserted, that iu some districts the salary fixed
by this amendment would be rather more than
the judge of the district, with the duties ho has
to perform, should receive ; but, on the whole,
any man fit to till any of these places ought lo
have at least $5,000 a year. _ i ,
Something may be learned by us hi tuis
matter, Mr. Speaker, from the experience ot
Great, Britain. For long years that nation has
rejoiced in a pure, wise, and elevated admin-
istration of justice such as no country in the
world has surpassed, and few have equaled. It
has secured that administration of justice, in
part at least, by giving its judges emoluments
which made them entirely independent, and
which were equal to the responsibilities and dig
nity of their posts. When a man is called to the
bench in England ho is not only called to a
salary of something like forty thousand dollars
a year, but he is called to a corresponding
pension when he retires from the bench._ He
is called to a position his tenure of winch is
permanent, and receives a compensation which
enables him to administer the responsible
duties of his post not only without tear and
without favor, but to administer them with-
out that concern for the care and future 01 his
family, and without that sense of injustice and
want of appreciation which must weigh upon
the minds of too many a national judge here.
Indeed 
ITTere, the hammer lell.J
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I concur mo?,
heartily in all that has fallen on this subject
from the lips of my able and excellent colleague,
r Mr. Potter.] This House ought not to hesi-
tate to give its assent to the Senate's proposi-
tion for an increase of the salaries of the judges
of our courts. Gentlemen should reflect that
when the salaries of the justices of the Supreme
Court were lixed the value of money m the pur-
chase of all the necessaries of lite was largely
in cxcess of its present value. I believe J. am
justified in saying that the $6,000 then estab-
lished was, for all practical purposes, more ohan
$12,000 would be to-day. Not one of the
judges of that court is able to support himself
and family in this city on his present salary.
Congress has long done the judges great injus-
tice by withholding an increase. And in vio-
lation of the Constitution Congress has done
the still greater injustice of absolutely dimin-
ishing their salaries. By tlie^iiiternal revenue
act Congress has enacted that five per cent,
on the salary of each judge over and above
§1,000 shall be retained by the disbursing
officer of the Government; and thus from each
judge has been kept back annually the sum
of $250 of his meager compensation.
The Constitution declares that his salary
" shall not be diminished during his term of
office." To withhold a portion of such salary
is a clear diminution ; for if Congress can with-
hold by such process five per cent, it can fifty,
and thus diminish the salary one half by the
simple process of keeping in the Treasury the
money which the Constitution says shall be
paid to the judge.
This act is not justifiable under the pretext
that it is a tax upon incomes. It is nothing
of the kind. The Government cannot dis-
charge its constitutional obligation to the judge
till it pays his salary in full. It then goes into
the bulk of his general property, and if included
in income is liable to bear the deductions for
losses, house rents, or other incidents of which
the law which requires the retention of five per
cent, entirely deprives it; non constat, that if
the whole be paid the judge would have any
income tax to pay. Thereus no power under the
Constitution to diminish by keeping back in any
form any portion of this judicial salary. Yet
this injustice has been perpetrated for years.
The judges, who are noble and patriotic men
as well as eminent jurists, have borne this
wrong with uncomplaining patience. They are
still bearing it, trusting to the honor and sense
of justice of Congress to ultimately fix their
salaries at some amount proportionate to their
services and merits.
Congress lias the opportunity now to do
justice for the future. I agree in all that has
been said by my colleague [Mr. Potter] as
to tho justice, tho equity, and propriety of this
great nation compensating its judiciary in some
degree proportionate to the servicc it requires.
No other civilized nation on the face ot the
earth pays its highest judges with such a mean
and illiberal hand. It is time the judges were
put at least beyond the reach ot want while
executing the judicial functions. They can
save nothing even out of t!ie sum which the
Senate proposes to give them. It is too small.
No judge of the highest bench ought to bo
asked to take less than $10,000 a year. 1 his,
Mr. Speaker, is a time to be just as well as
economical. And, as has bean said this morn-
ing on this floor, there is always, true economy
'^Slogan. I agree fully in all that has
been said complimentary to the ability of our
judges. I agree that they arc men oi the highest
attainments, and men who do honor and credit
lo our country. But at the same time that I
agree to that, I find that they are suffering—if
that is the word employed by gentlemen who
advocate high salaries—fiom the same salaries
which influenced their acceptance of their posi-
tions during times when everything was much
higher than it is now. And although one judge
resigned because he said his salary was not a
I competency, that judge, I believe, on.y
the rule, because he was an exception, and the
only one I have heard of taking that steP'
would at the same time, perhaps, agree
these salaries might be d.
But for Congress at this time to mcrease the
salaries of public officers is .
I am satisfied will not be regarded by this CO'an
trv with favor. We have commenced dui in*
this Congress the worI%0^ "he kind
have talked economy; I do . from New
of economy to which the gentleman tiom JNew
York [Mr. Davis] alludes, that which depri\es
