512
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Naturalization—Mr. Cleveland.
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
Their immorality, filthy habits, and objection-
able lives every way give ample scope for his
desire to purify, if that be the object of the
gentleman. But possibly^ the gentleman ex-
pects to make these Chinese intruders the
mainstay of the Republican party. Surely
there are enough of them to be had. Millions
could be brought over and not be missed from
that empire, and as the more thinking portion
of our own people are joining the Democratic
party their places might be supplied by these
degraded Chinese, who are now being intro-
duced into our workshops to supplant and
drive out all respectable white men.
The negroes were given the privilege of
voting in order that the Republican party might
maintain its power; and will that privilege be
kept from the Chinese if by that means the
party can hold on another term ? I say it seri-
ously and earnestly that there is danger ahead
from the Chinese on account of the immense
numbers to be had, and I desire tosound the
alarm and awake our people in time. The
influx of Chinese must be stopped or we shall
become a demoralized nation. I have not
time to give the reasons in full here, but they
are numerous and ample, and I hope we shall
not discover them too late. I am aware of the
value of cheap labor to the country, and the
Chinaman works cheap ; but virtue and decency
are more valuable than cheap labor, and wo
cannot afford to have the Chinaman among us.
At North Adams, Massachusetts, seventy-
five Chinamen havo just been employed, in
place of white men, in a shoe factory. How
many such cases will occur ; and when will it
stop? We want white population to enrich
the country, not Mongolians to degrade and
disgrace it.
If any member understands so little -of the
true interests, population, growth, wealth, or
other statistics of the United States as not to
know what a calami ty it would be to stop the tide
of immigration nowflowing overthe country, I
refer him to the very able report of Frederick
Kapp, made to the commissioners of emigra-
tion, of New York, in February of this year.
The immigration is now at the rate of about
three hundred thousand souls a year. It was
interrupted by the war, but is now in full title
again, and instead of being something that
should be discouraged, it is one of the great
sources of our national wealth and power.
The amount of money actually brought over
with the immigrants is surprising to those ac-
customed to cry out against the "influx of
paupers," as ) have heard thoughtless men
call this inlet of wealth. It is found that the
average amount of money brought is not less
than $100 each, and their personal effects
worth about fifty dollars more, making the
amount brought into the country about one
hundred and fifty dollars. But 1 will take the
cash item alone, and we are now receiving
about thirty million dollars a year added to the
national wealth, in gold.
But there is another and greater wealth than
this amount of money, the wealth of population,
in an old country, with the land all occupied,
population may not be considered a source of
wealth ; it may in some cases be considered a
calamity to have a population too dense, and,
in fact, that is now the case in England, and,they
are discussing the feasibility of shipping out of
the country to the colonies a million persons—
•• assisted emigration" they callit. Bnttoauew
country like ours, with lands plenty and cheap,
i-xhanstless resources still undeveloped, and a
vast empire of unoccupied territory, popula-
tion is wealth ; and in order to capitalize it, as
it were, so as to estimate thevalaeto thecoun-
try of this unnatural increase in the population,
(for natural increase is only the increase of
births over deaths.) we must resort to statis-
tics; and Dr. EngeJ, director of the Prussian
statistical bureau at Berlin, has furnished the
necessary figures, which, taken in connection
with the difference in circumstances between
the two countries, makes it evident that the
average capital value of the immigrants—men,
women, and children—may be computed at
$1,125 each. Mr. Charles Reemelin, a well-
known political economist, in an address de-
livered at Cincinnati May 26, 1869, estimates
the value to Cincinnati to be $1,500 each. But
Mr. Kapp estimates it at only $1,125; and Mr.
Charles L. Brace acknowledged, in a letter to
the New York Tribune, that the estimate was
substantially correct. If, then, we take the
capital value of each immigrant at SI,125"and
add to it the amount of gold brought over,
$100, and one half the value Mr. Kapj} places
upon his personal effects, say twenty-five dol-
lars, we get $1,250 each. Now, the immi-
gration has been large. Since 1847 no less
than four million three hundred thousand per-
sona have arrived, and this multiplied by the
value of each gives $5,375,000,000—more than
double the amount of our whole national debt.
But this is not the whole advantage, even
viewed from a stand-point of political econ-
omy. I have before remarked that to a nation
like ours population is wealth and power; and
now let us see where we should have been if
we had passed a bill half a century ago such
as the gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis]
is now pushing with indecent haste through
this House, and foreigners had ceased to come
among us. For that fifty years the immigration
has reached five million five hundred thousand
souls. In the statistics of Mr. Sehade, and
from the facts accessible and capable of demon-
stration, if time allowed me, it appears that
the population of the country to-day, if there
had been no arrivals from foreign countries
since 1820, and we had depended solely on the
excess of births over deaths among our own
people for an increase in the population, would
have been but about twenty-five millions,
whereas it really is over forty millions; and the
difference is made up by persons of foreign
extraction.
Where is the man so prejudiced or so nar-
row-minded and blind to the best interests of
the country as to pretend that it has not been
and is not still, and in fact more now than ever,
for the best interest of the country to induce
rather than hinder immigration? But for the for-
eign population among us, or those of foreign
extraction, we could not have put down the
rebellion. That war was a war against Ameri-
cans ; for the cotton States contain less foreign
population than the other States in proportion.
But for that population which the majority of
this House so despise we could not to-day carry
the burden of the national debt.
Mr. Speaker, rather than do anything to
discourage immigration I would have the Gov-
ernment appoint and maintain in Europe judi-
cious agents to furnish information and encour-
age the industrial classes of all countries to
settle among us, to cast their lot with us, enjoy
our triumphs of civilization, and share our bur-
dens of Government. But gentlemen on the
other side can see nothing in the foreigner but
a man who hangs about the cities in the State
of New York and votes the Democratic ticket;
and if we are to believe these gentlemen it is
a crime in that State to be a foreigner and a
Democrat. They see nothing of the hundreds
of thousands of industrious foreigners arriving
and going quietly to the western country, like
an army of civilization marching silently in the
night, and spreading out overthe fertile West.
Forests disappear and villages spring up as if
by magic; boats ascend the streams, and the
clear ring of the mill-saw is heard at every
waterfall; trading stations, school-houses, and
churches go up with wonderful rapidity; rail-
roads jump the rivers, cross the plains, plunge
through mountains, and penetrate the rich fast-
nesses that else had remained valueless as they
have been since the world began; the soil that
for a thousand years has known only the tread
of the moccasin is torn open and yields up
unbounded wealth; the buffalo and the elk
disappear from the plains, and the bear and
the moose desert the mountains, as this great
army, the greatest, grandest army the world
has ever known, continues to pour in its hun-
dreds of thousands of determined warriors, and
its advance guard penetrates further and fur-
ther into an untried, newly-conquered country.
The great valley of the Mississippi—look at it
to-day, with its eighteen thousand miles of nav-
igable rivers, its twenty-two thousand miles of
railroads, its millions of population, its enorm-
ous productions, its unknown wealth, and
consider what this nation would be to-day if
that vast empire, a thousand miles wide, stretch-
ing from the Alleghanies across to the Rocky
mountains, and extending from the British
possessions to the Gulf of Mexico, were to be
carried back to a sparsely-settled territory.
And remember that it has been rescued from
that condition only by the tide of immigration
that has been flowing over it, giving to this
country its stronghold of power and great-
ness in the eyes of other nations. And then
look at the restless population that now peo-
ples the mining districts of the Pacific slope.
I catch the suggestion from some meddlesome
person that it is a wild and useless population.
It may be; but it is said that by their fruits
ye shall know them, and we will judge these by
that standard. What have they done for this
country? I answer that they have saved it
from absolute ruin as a commercial nation.
In twenty years they have dug out for us
$1,200,000,000 in gold, and this has enabled
us to make our exchanges, and brought pros-
perity to our national industries. Who lifts his
hand against our foreign population ? Let it be
stricken down. Who obstructs or makes difficult
their transition from citizens of foreign coun
tries to citizens of this their adopted country ?
Let hitn look out upon what they have accom-
plished for us and for themselves and blush, if
there be any shame left in him.
I know that it has been the custom of those
who favor this bill to look upon the immigrant
only as a pestilent fellow who comes here to
cast a fraudulent vote, and it is high time that
that view should cease. It is high time we
estimated the immigrant at his real worth to
the country and treated him accordingly. Some
of the States are already turning their attention
to this subject as one of the principal sources
of prosperity, and arc striving for more of the
population these gentlemen are so much afraid
of. But has it ever occurred to the troubled
souls of these Republican politicians that they
cannot reach the point they are after by this
bill; that they cannot prevent the foreigner
from voting by any of the restrictions here
made upon the method of becoming citizens
of the United States? It is not necessary in
several of the States to be citizens of the United
States in order to vote; it is only necessary
that the voter shall have been a resident of the
State for one or two years, as the case may be.
In Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and other
States they are allowed to vote, after declaring
their intention to become citizens, by a single
year's residence. In Kansas only six months'
residence is required, and Minnessta gives the
vote at onee to the foreigner on declaring his
intention to become a citizen. Has this lib-
erality damaged those States? By no means.
It has built them up, peopled them, made them
great States, and given them a voice in the
nation.
It is a favorite doctrine of some that the
foreigner cannot be trusted to vot.e_, that he
might damage the country; but that is a great
mistake, lie comes here to live and prosper,
and not to damage the country. Men do not
go on board of a ship for the purpose of sink-
