1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
to hare eoMpubory pro«ea> for obtaining wit-
  • in hU fi ror, and to liitve the twitUiw* of
oouaMl for bii defrme."
Tbe SPEAKEll. I^est the remark of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
might be taken as implying that tho Chair
could yield to his suggestion that the hour rule
be suspended, the Chair will say that he has
bo power to do so. Proceedings in this case,
aa well as in all other oases before the House,
will bo subject to that rule.
Mr. WILLARD. Will tbe Chair permit me
to make a parliamentary inquiry ?
The SPEAKEK. Certainly.
Mr. WILLAllI). Is the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] recognised by
the Chair as counsel for Mr. Wuittwiorb, or
as a member of this House ?
The SPEAKER. As a member of this
House only. He can denominate himself what
he pleases; but the Chair recognises him as
the " gentleman from Massachusetts."
Mr.wINANS. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. WINANS. The section of the Consti-
tution which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bctler] has just caused to be read has
application to judicial proceedings only, and
has no application whaterer to a legislative
inquiry.
TheSPEAKER. Thatisnotaparliamentary
point.
Mr. HAY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended.
Tbe 8PEAKER. That motion is in order
only on Monday, after tbe moraine hour. The
gentleman front Massachusetts [Mr. Bmn]
will proceed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
8peaker, I have caused to be read at the Clerk's
desk an article of amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, which secures to
one accused of the smallest offense the great
right of being confronted with the witnesses
against him, and of being heard by counsel in
his own defense. That is constitutional law,
a little higher and a little superior to even the
rules of this House. This man now stands at the
bar of this House. A resolution of this House
declares that he shall be heard in defense through
him whom he chooses, not as an attorney in a
court, not as a lawyer, but as a person speak-
ing for him. And lest my silence might some
time seem to have yielded this great right of the
accused, I desire again to respecially pro-
test, if I am compelled to speak in any other
capacity, that the rights of the accused are
infringed.
The SPEAKER. If they are infringed it
is by the rules of the House, which it is the
duty of the Chair to carry out.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
intend to argue against the Speaker, because
he has the advantage of me in always having
the floor.
What has happened is this: an ex parte
hearing before a committee of this House has
taken place in one of the committee-rooms;
evidence has been taken before that committee
from such witnesses as chose to bring them-
selves before the committee; and when wit-
nesses appeared before them the examination
has been upon such inquiries and so far as they
chose to cany the investigation. That evidence
has been laid before the House, and by its order
has been printed. And now the accused, a mem-
ber of this House, whose whole fortune, whose
whole life, whose family and everything dearer
than life to him is involved in this question,
comes before the House by his solemn affidavit
and asks the House to allow him to send for
witnesses to meet tbe case thus made against
him in so far as he may. He asks tho enforce-
ment in his behalf of the constitutional provis-
,0"s *hich throw around him those safeguards
which are given to the meanest and lowest of
the accused.
I am aware that this is a parliamentary body I
and not a court of law. But it is now acting as
a high court of justice in trying and punishing,
! if found guilty, the member at bar; and around
its proceedings are thrown every principle of
constitutional law and common right which is
secured to the subject. Who is there in this
House that will say this day and hour, when
one of its members is brought to the bar of the
House—ay, to the bar of the country—and
1 accused of a high crime and misdemeanor, in
{i consequence of which it is proposed to take away
from nim the great privilege of membership,
by the adjudication of which he is to be struck
down before the country; who is there here who
will say that the accused is to be restricted to
half an hour in which to make his defense, and
to be allowed the poor privilege of sending for
such witnesses as he believes may make a case
appear in his favor, or at least to show that it
has no element of criminality in it; that what-
ever may have been done by him was done with
pood motives and for justifiable purposes? That
is what Mr. Whittkmore has a right to insist
upon; that ia what he is entitled to.
Now, I pray the House to consider whether
or not we will say that upon ex parte testi-
mony, necessarily so, upon a hearing before
a grand jury—for the Committee on Military
Affairs stands exactly in that relation to this
House in this accusation, we being the final
and ultimate judges on the trial—I pray the
House to consider whether under such cir-
cumstances we will not allow the accused fair
and reasonable time, to be limited only by his
ability to procure witnesses and bring them
here, and in the nervous language of the Con-
stitution "to have compulsory process" for
obtaining them. It is averred against him that
for gain and profit he sold an appointment to
a cadetship at West Point, and also an appoint-
ment to the Naval Academy. He denies and
has denied on his solemn oath both accusa-
tions ; and he has said in his affidavit that he
has never received, nor has there ever been
paid for his own personal gain or profit one
dollar for either of these appointments, and
that if he can have certain witnesses, the
names of some of whom are set out in the res-
olution of the gentleman from Vermont, he
can show, first, that every dollar that was paid
in connection with the latter was expended for
the purpose of benefiting the people of his dis-
trict and for their use. Again, he says that
this prosecution is the result of a very out-
Tous conspiracy designed to ruin him.
ask gentlemen of the House to turn to
page 13 of the report, where will be found a
letter of Kegler, one of the witnesses against
Wbittemoke. Let me state the circumstances
connected with that letter. This man Kegler,
who signs it, had called upon a friend of the
accused and asked that gentleman to get for
his son an appointment to a cadetship. The
request was declined. Thereupon Mr. Kegler
wrote a letter to Mr. Whittemork, asking for
such appointment, who replied in a letter, to
which 1 will call attention in a moment. The
• letter of Mr. Kegler is as follows:
Astor Hotss. September 8,1869.
Bib: a gentleman of public repute i* extremely
anxious to get from me the letter I received from
you relative to tbo admission of my son to the Naval
Academy, and offers me $500 in exchange.
ThatAhere is some deep political or other action
intended against you is ccrtain; and you can judge
for yourself how far tho letter in question compro-
mises your honor and integrity as politician, min-
ister, and gentleman.
Before, however, banding it to the gentleman who
has applied to me I shall await your answer, in case
yon should have anything to propose ns to its dis-
position.
Respectfully, yours, P. II. KEGLER.
Hon. B. F. Whittkmori.
In this letter we have the assertion that the
witnesses concerned in this matter had posses-
sion of a letter which would implicate Mr.
Whittkmore and bring him into disgrace as
a politician, a gentleman, and a minister of
religion, and that they had been offered by " a
gentleman of public repute" $600 for that let- ;■
ten that they will not give it up uhtil they hear I
what proposition Mr. Wiuttemouk will make
to get this letter back ; that is, how much money
Whittkmore will give tlicm for the letter.
Indorsed on this letter is a memorandum made
by Mr. Whittemork, from whieh an answer is
to be drawn up by his clerk. See whether it
is the answer of a man conscious of guilt:
" Answer Ootobcr 21,
"Do not regard the matter but with tho nstonish-
ment it deserve*. Do not understand why xurli a
value is attached to my letter. Nothing in it uum-
promising my honor, &e.
"Ask him to return it. as I would if a letter of
mine oould bo used to his hurt."
That is a memorandum made bjr Mr. Whittk-
more at the time ho received this black-imiil-
ing letter, saying in substance, "Give me $500
and you can have the evidence which may im-
plicateyou." WhatdidMr. Whittemorkdo?
l)id he thereupon say, " 1 will pay you $500?"
Did he show any signs that he was afraid of
any investigation ? On tho contrary, he wrote
back to this man, saying in substance, " I do
not know why such value is put upon my letter;
if you think it will hurt me send it back ; I
do not understand that there is anything in it
reflecting upon my honor." Thus these black-
mailers did not get an advancc from Whittk-
more over the $500 which the person of polit-
ical repute had offered them for it to be used
to Whittemore's injury.
Now, one thing Mr. WnirrEMORE wants is
the privilege of having Mr. Kegler called, to
ask nim, " Who was the ' gentleman of public
repute' who offered to buy my letter in order
to implicate me as a member of Congressfor
I think that is quite as high an offense as to
buy or sell a cadetship. W ho is this "gentle-
man of public repute," with so much mora
money than honesty, who desires to buy letters
to implicate men on this side of the House?
If Mr. Kegler is put on the witness stand he
will have to sav who this man was. Then we
will summon this man who buys letters to im-
plicate members here. If he says he did make
this offer to Mr. Kegler, then we Bhall ascer-
tain why he did so, and whether he is at (lie
bottom of this prosecution. If he says he did
not, and that appears to be true, then Mr.
Kegler is shown to be simply a black-mailing
liar and not to be credited a moment as n wit-
ness. And shall not Mr. Whittemork have
the opportunity to discredit him ? Ay, and by
showing his depravity, to drive him utterly out
of the pale of civilized men ? Shall we here in
a spasm of virtue undertake to drive this our
peer to the wall and not let him have an oppor-
tunity of examining and cross-examining these
witnesses, and exposing the corruption of the
conspiracy which has been gotten up against
him?
Let me further call the attention of the
House to this matter. Will the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs tell us if
the committee ever asked Mr. Kegler who this
man was who buys letters of Congressmen for
$500? In the examination of Mr. Kegler,
and with this most remarkable letter before
them, did they recall Mr. Kegler and ask him
who this man was? Of course they did not.
The report does not say that they ever did.
Therefore, I call the attention of the House to
the fact that the whole case here has not been
developed by the testimony. When it is devel-
oped as it ought to be, perhaps our action
may take a different direction from that now
proposed. First, we find this man Kegler,
this witness upon whom the committee rely,
sending to Whittemore that he has been
offered $500 for his letter—for Whittemore's
letter to Kegler—and then showing this letter,
to others, ^though declaring he would iiot
give the letter up to those who sought l<>r
it.. Then we find him writing letters of this
sort:
Nsw York, February 11.1870.
DiarSir: Iwould advisoyou to take steps to pro-
tect your friend, lion. H. ¥ W hittsmore, at once,
for I feir ho will stand iu need of a powerful friend
boforo loDg.
Do you rend the papers ?
