5302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
United States in the northern district of Ohio;
and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 355) granting
four pieces of condemned cannon to the city
of Lowell for the ornamentation of the soldiers'
monument in that place.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same :
A bill (H. E. No. 2363) to incorporate the
United States Freehold Land and Emigration
Company, and to confirm certain legislation in
Colorado Territory;
A bill (S. No. 85) to carry into effect the
two several decrees of the district court of the
United States for the district of Louisiana in
the cases of the British vessels Volant and
Science ;
A bill (S. No. 87) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the district of Louisiana in the case of the
British brig Dashing Wave and her cargo ;
A bill (§. No. 88) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the
case of the- English schooner Sibyl and her
cargo ;
A bill (S. No. 147) granting a pension to
William B. Looney, of Alabama ;
A bill (S. No. 831) for the relief of Baron
Creutz, of the Netherlands ; and
A bill (S. No. 84G) granting a pension to
Rebecca Shoemaker.
increase of national currency.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to submit a privileged
report from a committee of conference.
fhe report was read, as follows:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of tho
House to bill of tho Senate No. 378, to provide a
national currcncy of coin notes and to equalize the
distribution of circulating notes, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of tho Houso to the Senato bill, and
agree to the same with tho following amendments:
Page 1, line one, strike out "$95,000,000,"and insert
in lieu thereof "$54,000,000."
Page 1, line eighteen, after theword "coin" insert
the following:
But a new apportionment of the increased circu-
lation herein provided for shall be made as soon as
practicable, based upon the census of 1870.
Alter section two add the following sections:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That upon the
deposit of any United States bonds, bearing interest
payablo in gold, with the Treasurer of tho United
States, in tlie manner prescribed in the nineteenth
and twentioth sections of the national currency act,
it shall bo lawful for the Comptroller of the Currency
to issue to tho association making tho same, circu-
lating notes of different denominations not less than
iivo dollars, not exceeding in amount eighty per
cent, of tho par value of the bonds deposited, which
notes shall bear upon their faco the promise of the
association to which they are issued to paythem,
upon presentation at the office of the association, in
gold coin of the United States, and shall bo redeem-
able upon such presentation in such coin: Provided,
That no banking association organized under this
section shall have a circulation in excess of $1,000,000.
Srcc.—. A nd be it further enacted, That every national
banking association formed under the provisions of
the preceding section of this act shall at all times
keep on hand not less than twenty-five per cent, of its
outstanding circulation in gold or silver coin of tho
United States, and shall receive at par in the pay-
ment of debts the gold notes of every other such
banking association which at the time of such pay-
ments shall be redeeming its circulating notes in gold
coin of the United States.
Seo. —. And be it further enacted. That every asso-
ciation organized for the purpose of issuing gold
pofi^ as provided in this act shall be subject to aii
the requirements and Drovi,sior.:cfthenational cur-
rency act, except tne first clause of section twenty-
two, which limits the circulation of national banking
associations to $300,000,000; the first clause of section
thirty-two, which, taken in connection with the pre-
ceding scction, would require national banking asso-
ciations organized in the city of San Francisco to
redeem their circulating notes at par in the city of
New York: and the last clause of section thirty-two,
which requires every national banking association to
receive in payment of debts the notes of every other
national banking association at pa.r: Provided, That
in .tpptyiu? the provisions and requirements of said
act to tiie banking associations herein provided lor.
the terms "lawful money." and "lawful money of
the United States," shall be held and construed to
mean gold coin of the United States.
Page 5, lines seven and eight, strike out the words
"ninety-five," and insert in lieu thereof " fifty-four."
That the House agree to the said amendments.
N. B. JUDD,
J. B. PACKEK,
Managers on the part of the House.
GEO. II. WILLIAMS,
0. P. MOKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to move that the House
concur in the report of the committee, and to
ask upon that motion the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. In connection with this
report, I desire to make a motion to lay it on
the table.
Mr. JUDD. I propose, if I have the floor,
to explain the position of the question; and I
am willing to do it either before or after the
seconding of the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman demands
the previous question, then upon that demand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] would have the right to make the motion
to lay on the table. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Judd] can, however, make his explanation
before calling the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to accommodate
myself entirely to the gentleman having charge
of the bill. But I want to make my motion at
the proper time.
Mr. HOAR. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois to allow the report to be printed
and assigned for consideration to-morrow.
Mr. JUDD. I will explain the report in a
very few words, and then I shall ask the House
to sustain the previous question. Tho provis-
ions of the bill passed by the Senate, as well
as the amendments thereto by the House, com-
monly called the House bill, have been so fully
discussed that it is not necessary for me now
to restate them, except so far as they may be
involved in the statement of the report.
The Senate originally passed a bill authoriz-
ing the issuing of $45,000,000 of bank-note
currency. The House amended that proposi-
tion by authorizing the issue of $95,000,000
of bank-note currency. To avoid the question
of expansion the Senate provided that the out-
standing three per cent, certificates, held as
bank reserves, should be bought in by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. The House amend-
ment had contained a similar provision. The
report of the conference committee, as a sub-
stitute for both, provides for an increase of
$54,000,000 of bank-note circulation and the
retirement of $45,000,000 of three per cent,
certificates. The object of providing for the
issue of a larger amount, dollar for dollar, of
bank-note circulation than the amount of cer-
tificates retired was to avoid the contraction
which would bo occasioned by the necessity
of keeping legal tenders in reserve to meet
these $54,000,000 of bank notes.
The next point upon which tho committee
have agreed is the adoption of the Senate pro-
vision for banking based upon coin notes. The
next provision in the bill is that authorizing
and requiring a redistribution of $25,000,000
of the currency now held by the banks in vari-
ous States in excess of their proper propor-
tion. The original bill of the Senate authorized
the redistribution of §20,000,000. The House
amendment increased this amount by the ad-
dition of $5,000,000. The House adopted its
own method of withdrawing this amount fr.om
the banks now holding it. To that provision
of the House the Senate has agreed. The pro-
vision, in short, is this: that this circulation
of the banks shall not be touched until after
the $54,000,000 of bank notes shall have been
taken in the States where there is a deficiency
of currency. After that has been taken the
Comptroller of the Currency is required to
give notice to the banks having an excess, and
within one year they are to return to him their
excess of circulation. Thus every bank, before
being disturbed by a redistribution of tho cur-
rency, will have eighteen months or two years
to prepare itself for the change.
These are the points of difference between
the committees, and I do not choose at this
time, indeed I do not desire, to make any dis-
cussion in relation to the bill. There is no
man upon this floor who does not concede the
absolute necessity of making some provision in
the southern country for banking privileges.
This is the only mode at this time which can
be adopted. It partially relieves the situation
of that people. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me for a few moments in
order to explain my position on this bill.
Mr. JUDD. I will after the previous ques-
tion has been seconded and the main question
ordered.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JUDD. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to explain his
views.
Mr. RANDALL. I only wish to state to the
House my opinion in reference to the pending
report from the committee of conference. It
proposes the issue of $54,000,000 of additional
bank notes; and I hope this House will not
accept any such proposition. According to my
judgment, if there is anything on which the
great mass of the people of this country have
determined, it is that no more national bank
notes shall be issued. The people are jealou3
in reference to this subject. We have now
$300,000,000 of national bank circulation, and
beyond that, sir, we should notgo. If these three
per cent, certificates, $45,000,000 in amount,
are to be redeemed, they should be, in my judg-
ment, redeemed in "greenbacks," and not in
national bank notes. The present national
bank note circulation costs the tax-oppressed
people of this country $18,000,000, and the
gentleman proposes, by the adoption of this
conference report, to increase that by an addi-
tional expense to the people of $3,240,000 in
gold. I maintain that the people are not ready
for that increased cost to them at this time.
On the contrary, the determination of the peo-
ple is in exactly an opposite direction. We are
called upon, if we faithfully represent the wishes
of our constituents, as expressed more than
once, to vote against every proposition which
will add to the expense of this Government
and increase the present existing high rate of
taxation.
One word further in reference to the other
features of the bill. That which provides for
a redistribution, taking away from New Eng-
land, New York, Pennsylvania, and perhaps
Ohio, $25,000,000 of circulation, I do not care
to speak of. (The other feature I do not wish
to discuss, because I do not wish to detain the
House; but to the first there seems to be a
vital objection. It is one which ought not to
receive the encouragement or approval of the
House, and I feel that it would not if it were
properly discussed and understood. I now
move to lay the report on the table.
Mr. JUDD. I donotyield the fioortomake
that motion, as I have the floor for one hour.
Mr. RANDALL. I am willing to have the
largest discussion, and I therefore withdraw
my motion until the discussion has been con-
cluded.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Judd,] who submits
this report, whether there is any difference be-
tween it and the other conference report on
this subject made a few days ago. except, that
this provides an addition of $51,000,000 instead
of $45,000,000? Is there any other difference?
Mr. JUDD. In reply to that interrogatory
I will state that the only other change is in
rejecting the manner of withdrawing the cir-
culation from the banks now in excess. The
Mouse amendment to the Senate bill pro-
vided that the lirst withdrawal should be lioui
