3414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
sick, tried to get tho.floor before the rooming
hour to get this bill put on its passage, and
failed. Witli this explanation I trust there
will be no objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAW LEY. 1 wish to ask the gentle- ,
man it' this is the bill which was before the
Committee on the Public Lands?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes. sir; aud the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands are in favor of it.
Mr. AllNELL. Is the bill entirely in the
interest of the settlers?
Mr. SARGENT. It is. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main questiou ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, aud passed.
Mr. S AUG hi'NT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT ALBANY.
Mr. MAYHAM. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 708) to provide for a build-
ing for the use of the post office, custom-house,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices at Albany, New York,
be taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropria'ions.
There was no objection; and the bill was ac-
cordingly taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion wa3 agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
Mr. WOOD. Before the question is put on
that motion 1 desire to ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. ScHENCK]a question. I wish to ask .
him whether, in view of the fact that this bill j
has now been for three months and a half i
before the House, and in view of the fact that
the session has reached a late stage, with many i
important appropriation bills not yet acted on,
and with other questions of very great import-
ance to the people of this country yet undeter-
mined, he is prepared to continue to urge upon
the attention of this House the tariff bill;
whether he will do this in view of the fact that it
is impossible that this bill can pass the House |
and that even if it should pass the House the
Senate will not entertain or consider it during
this session of Congress. Under these circum-
stances, I appeal to the gentleman from Ohio
to allow this bill to be either recommitted or
laid aside, that we may go to practical legisla-
tion required by the condition of the country
and the necessities of the people.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of
the House I will reply that I am prepared at
all times at least to attempt to do my duty,
and that is, as chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means and their organ, to present
their work to this House and endeavor to get
the action of the House upon it. As to how
long <£p may be occupied in getting action on
this bill the gentleman could get more inform-
ation probably on that point if he were to ad-
dress his questions to gentlemen immediately
arouud him. If the bill be fairly considered,
and no attempts at amendments made except
those which are substantial in their character
and offered in good faith to raise or to lower
duties as we come to the different items, I be-
lieve we.can get through with the bill in two,
three, or four days easily. But if that is not
to be the way in which the bill is to be treated
then it will depend upon others and not upon
me to say what length of time shall be occu-
pied in going through it.
Mr. WOOD. Wo have discussed and actcd
on but twenty-one pages of the bill, and there
are lil'ty pages.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will
allow me I will answer him now. I am aware
thi^t we have only disposed of twenty-one pages
of the bill and that there are titty pages ; but
it so happens that this very morning one or
I more colleagues of mine upon the Committee
\ of Ways and Means gave me it as their opin-
! ion, and consulted me as to my belief in their
1 accuracy, that if we could reason at all from
1 probability, considering the nature of what is
yet to come in the bill, about three fourths or
more have been finished now in point of time.
A very large proportion, about nine pages, of
what is to come consists among dutiable arti-
cles of drugs, dye-stuffs, and things of that kind,
and various kindred articles on which the duties
1 are lowered almost uniformly. All the remain-
i der of the bill, constituting its second section,
! is the free list, and although it may occasion
, debate in attempts to put various other articles I
i on that free list, yet 1 do not apprehend that |
very much time can be consumed in that. I
I never know in advance how much talk there
j may be about bedstead-springs or any other
particular thing. But having got over iron and
steel, along with the other subjects which pre-
ceded them, it seems to me that wo have passed
almost everything that can be made the sub-
ject of any considerable amount of discussion
or for attempts at amendments of this bill.
While I am upon the floor I will say this
also. There are a great many here who do
not intend to vote for any tariff bill at all, and
I submit, as they intend not to vote for the bill
and do not desire to get it put into any better
shape, but are disposed to denounce the bill as
it is, whether it would not be well for them in
I some degree to withhold their present opposi-
i tion to all its small details and wait and record
1 themselves according to their views against
the bill, as they are sure to vote against any
such bill. However, I am not entitled to give
advice upon that point, and that I leave for
c gentlemen themselves. I say again that it
i; depends upon others very much more than
ji upon me or upon the Committee of Ways and
!'■ Means what is to be the fate of the bill, but
1 I think it can be known after another day or
i two or three days of work whether we are go-
, ingtoget along smoothly, with the probability
: of reaching a conclusion or not. I propose,
1 therefore, to goon with the work this morning
and not debate these questions of probabilities,
but to look to the bill itself as a business mat-
ter. That is the way to get along with it.
Mr. WOOD. One question.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I ao not propose to listen
to any more questions. 1 have answered as well
as I knew how what has been asked, and I now
insist on my motion to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union._
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before that motion is put
I desire to move that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be instructed
to rise at half past four o'clock, that the House
may take a recess until half past seven.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
this evening has been set apart for the con-
sideration of business of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is my understanding.
The SPEAKER. No matter at what time
the House takes a recess, it will meet at half
past seven o'clock unless there shall be an
absolute adjournment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall certainly ask the
committee to rise before five o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The House will meet as
a House at half past seven o'clock, and not as
in committee.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
fol-
this
of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 95, ia
relation to the Hot Springs reservation, in
Arkansas.
leaves of absence.
Mr. BIRD was granted leave of absence until
Thursday of next week.
Mr. BIGGS was granted leave of absence
for two days.
Mr. HAIGHT was granted leave of absence
for two days.
Mr. KNOTT was granted leave of absence
for two days.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, was granted
leave of absence for two days.
Mr. CAKE was granted leave of absence for
the remainder of this week.
Mr. JONES, ofKentucky, was granted leave
of absence for three days.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, was granted leave
of absence for two weeks from to-day.
tiii3 tariff.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Schenck, that the rules be suspended and
the House now resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 10G8) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
The pending paragraph was read, as
lows:
On nickel, 40 cents per pound.
j The CHAIRMAN. All debate upon
paragraph has been terminated.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend the
pending paragraph by striking out '' 40" and
inserting "25."
Mr. KELLEY. Has not that amendment
been already voted upon?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is advised
that this particular amendment has not yet
been voted upon.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend this para-
graph by striking out" 40" and inserting " 35."
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 27, noes 60; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and
Mr. Dickey were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 40, noes 78.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have one
more motion to make, and then I will give up
on nickel. I move to strike out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion was made
yesterday and rejected. It is not now in order.
No further amendment" being offered, the
next paragraph was read, as follows:
On alloy of nickel with copper, and on nickel
oxide, 30 cents per pound.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I must nib-
ble away as we go along, although nickel is a
very hard metal to nibble at. I propose to go
back to the old rate of duty of 2J cents per
pound, instead of 30 cents per pound, as here
proposed. Though I have been beaten on
nickel, I should have been hopeful but for some
provision which I see made in this bill for
Connecticut. Connecticut is taken care of by
a sort of arrangement which is made for the
benefit of the special manufactures of Water-
bury, Connecticut, as will be seen by refereuce
to this paragraph:
On manufactures of articles of nickel, albata. or
white metal, argentine, German silver, and tae iikb
mixed metals, 45 per cent, ad valorem.
That is an increased protection of 10 per
cent, ad valorem upon all German ,sllver,?"
other metal manufactures in Waterbury, t-on-
necticut. I remember that while Connecticut
