1870.
IHH CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
I hewd of ^committee to investigate appointments
f°Yo?K haste, P. H. KEGLER.
48 Broad street, Aew York.
W. F. Shiff, esq.
Tbat was written to a friend of Mr. Whit-
temoeh, who is ready, I am informed, and for
whom Mr. Whittemore asks for time, to come
here and say that every word of what this man
Kegler has testified to is false from thebeginning
to the end. Shall not the accused have time to
send for this witness, so that he may be exam-
ined and so that the House may have the whole
truth before taking final action upon this case ?
Are we to be compelled to a vote before we
have the whole case, as well for the prosecu-
tion as the defense, before us?
Again, sir, you will find in Mr. Whitte-
xore's statement an account of a conversa-
tion. He says:
" The conversation which I had with Mr. Landon
was this: I said that I had been offered $500 by Mr.
(joss to be used for educational purposes in the dis-
trict. That understanding was left in that way."
Mr. Landon was not sent for before the com-
mittee until yesterday morning, and of his
testimony as a witness Mr. Whittemore has
had no benefit. Mr. Whittemore haa had
no opportunity of cross-examining him, no
opportunity to show what is the real state of
the case here. We want the testimony of Mr.
Landon, and we want that Mr. Whittemore
shall have an opportunity of cross-examining
him, so as to develop the whole case.
Now, sir, what is the answer to this appli-
cation for time? The anawer is that Mr.
Whittemore went before the committee and
made a statement; and in this very report
which 1 have in my hands the committee say
that they only read the testimony of two wit-
nesses to the accused. They read to him only
the testimony of two witnesses out of the four
they had examined, and then asked him what
he had to say in regard to th6se two witnesses.
Let me read:
"Washington, D. C., February 19,1870.
"Hon.B. F. Whittkmokk, member from South Car-
ols*, appeared before the committee, and the testi-
mony of General Schoepf and P. H. Kegler having
been read to him, he asked and obtained permission
to make a statement oa his own behalf; which he did,
as follows."
The testimony of these two witnesses alone
was read to him, and to tbat only he had to
reply. It is so stated in the report, and I pre-
sume the report is correct. As to the testimony
of Schoepf, Mr. Whittemore daclared then
and there, as he now declares, that he had no
recollection of any snch man or of any such
conversation as alleged. He never heard of
theman, and that there was notone word of truth
in the whole matter in regard to Mr. Schoepf.
He did not sell him anything, and he did not
propose to sell him anything, and never said
anything to him on the subject. This man Keg-
ler wrote Mr. Whittemore, and Mr. Whitte-
more replied to him that so many had applied
for the position in reference to which he had
applied that, as he declares, simply desiring
toget rid of his importunity to give this stranger
the appointment, he replied by letter tbat he
considered the position worth $500. An im-
prudent and careless letter. The very impru-
dence and carelessness of sendirigitto a perfect
stranger show the innocency of it. Thereupon
Kegler went away and stayed away, and his
son was not appointed. The next communica-
tion we have from Kegler is to this effect: "I
have got that imprudent letter, and unless you
give me $500 1 will give it to a gentleman of
nigh political repute, who is willing to give me
$500 for it; and then look out." And now
it has so come about that the committee are
made the unconscious instruments of enabling
Mr. Kegler to gratify his malice because he
could not levy black-mail. Let the members
of the House read the evidence carefully, and
they will be satisfied upon this part of the testi-
mony.
Now, what more is to be said why the gen-
tleman from South Garolina-should not have a
postponement of this case, if he desires it ? It
will be said undoubtedly by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs that Mr.
Whittemore went before the committee and
made a statement. We have that statement
before us. And will it be said that we must
not listen to the claim of the accused to have
witnesses produced in his behalf on the final
trial and the decision postponed even for one
day to get them, because a man was incautious
enough to go before a committee sitting as a
grand jury and make a statement, when only
two of the witnesses who appeared before the
grand jury had their testimony read to him and
he answered those only? Will it be said that
the statement of the accused is not as full and
complete as it ought to have been to have ex-
culpated him when his attention was only drawn
to two questions: " What did Schoept' say ?"
To which he replied, "I never saw Schoepf
at alland "What did you say to Kegler?"
To which he replied, "Kegler was an entire
stranger to me, and I had nothing to do with
him." And because he does not make then and
there, when not called upon so to do, a full and
complete statement of all of the facts and cir-
cumstances, will you say that he shall not be
allowed time to be heard here on the final
trial ? Why this haste, so unseemly and unjust,
in the decision of this important question ?
Then, again, I want the attention of the
House to the fact that the very witness the
accused asks for by name, the very witness
who is alleged to have been in complicity in
this transaction and to know all about it, this
W. F. Shaw, who was the beginning of the
whole affair, has not been summoned or ex-
amined by the committee at all. Kegler was
not examined upon some very material facts.
Landon was not examined until after this re-
port was made; and we do not know what
his evidence was, and have no means of ascer-
taining if the House will not allow a post-
ponement. I say, then, that common justice
and common right demand that time should be
given.
Now, let me call your attention to another
fact. Yesterday there appeared in the Repub-
lican a Fetter or card of one E. C. Brooks, in
which he says that he can buy and sell—that
his business is buying and selling Congress-
men like sheep. [Laughter.] He says that
he has bought them, and that having bought
up all whom he could in the Fortieth Congress,
he then had to approach Mr. Whittemore in
a way not to alarm his conscience; in a way
not to give hito any idea of corruption or
wrong. Now, I want to have summoned before
the committee Mr. E. C. Brooks, to be exam-
ined upon the statements which appear in this
card over the signature of E. C. Brooks. It
seems he is a newspaper-man. Olcott, who
figures in this transaction of buying cadetships,
is another newspaper man. Cathcart is a news-
paper man. A gentleman near me asks what
I mean by a newspaper man in this connec-
tion. I answer that I mean a man who hangs
about this city and makes a precarious living
by writing lies home to some newspaper. That
is what I mean by a newspaper man. It seems
that almost every man who is implicated in
this illicit and abominable traffic is a newspa-
per man; and yet we are to be frightened out
of our propriety of action and made to act too
hastily because some of this class of persons
are telegraphing home to their newspapers for
publication, that if we do not expel Mr. Whit-
temore forthwith we will not be maintaining
our own dignity, and show that we are virtu-
ous ourselves.
Sir, since I had the hardihood to move for
time for the man accused here to defend him-
self a telegram has been sent by one of this
class of persons to my own State, and published,
saying that nobody would vote for Mr. Whit-
temore but those who have been selling cadet-
ships and have schemes that they dare not have
ventilated to the House. I -should be more
inclined to think that those that had such rea-
sons would not vote against him for that reason.
I know the members of this House have faith
to believe—they have more independence than
to be influenced by such insinuations as these.
Every member has been put by these news-
paper slanders in this dilemma: either having
it said that he votes in favor of the postpone
ment of the case of Mr. Whittemore because
he is afraid his own shortcomings will be ex-
Eosed, and if voting for his punishment it will
e under the imputation of so votingin order that
there may be a "scape-goat for the sins of the
restof Congress," so that the person voting may
escape, that his virtue may be obvious and his
honor may appear untarnished. For myself I
defy any of these imputations and these slan-
ders, on the one side or the other. I will do
what I believe to be my duty here toward the
accused in whatever capacity public duty or
private friendship calls on me to act, fearlessly
in the sight of God and man, responsible only
to my conscience and my constituents, inde-
pendent of newspapers; for if there is one thing
on earth that I am superior to it is the slanders
of the newspapers. [Laughter.]
Now,gentlemenoftheHouse, there is another
consideration urged by Mr. Whittemore. He
asks that his case may be postponed till the whole
of these facts connected with it shall come out;
until the committee shall get through with their
investigations of this subject; until all the testi-
mony shall be taken. He tells you in his affi-
davit, upon his oath, \^at a witness who knows
about this matter, a witness whose name he
disclosed in his statement, was examined by the
committee yesterday, and that he shall want to
examine him and have his statement a3 well
as that of other witnesses in his behalf. I will
state further, with entirefrankness to the House
and the country, another reason why I desire
that there shall be a postponement until this
whole matter shall be fully probed. We are
bound to proceed, if rumor tells us the truth,
to meet half a dozen, ten, twelve, or fifteen
investigations, more or less, of the same kind
into cases of members on both sides of the
| House, of the illegal appointment of cadets;
either appointments by members of cadets not
residing in their districts, or of corrupt transac-
tions in regard to cadetships and naval appoint-
ments. To what extent this has gone I know
not. Before I apply aplaster to a wound I want
to know the extent of the sore.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The half hour yielded to
the gentleman has expired. Does the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Whittemore]
yield further?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I do.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
the remainder of his time?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want to
know how extensive this disease is. Let us
have a full report of all the cases before we
try one. I want to know how many members
are implicated. Perhaps we may find that the
constitutional majority of two thirds cannot
be had unless the accused persons vote.
[Langhter.] Perhaps some gentlemen are im-
plicated who will themselves vote on this ques-
tion to expel the member; who knows? I want
to know whose vote to challenge, because men
may vote who ought not to vote upon this
question. Let us ascertain the full extent of
the guilt in these illegal transactions about
cadetships, so that we may take action on the
whole at one time and apportion the punishment
to the different degrees of guilt.
There is still another consideration why we
should pause, until the report of all the evid ence,
which I have no hesitation in stating to the
House and the country. If it shall turn out upon
investigation that this selling of cadetships at
West Point and at the Naval Academy has be-
come a custom, has grown to such proportions
that it has become a usage ; thatit is commonly
done, and has been commonly done for many
years, I will then put it to the judgment of the
