1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4359
aaneral car forthe Republican party. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
a. few words in reference to (his amendment.
I do not propose to mix it up at all with the
question of the salaries of female clerks or the
salary of the General of the Army; nor do I
propose to occupy any time in descanting upon
the importance of having our judicial offices
filled by suitable men ; nor shall I-undertake
to discuss the important nature of the duties
devolving 011 the judges of the highest court of
this nation. I propose to speak of this merely
as a question of pecuniary compensation upon
plain principles of common sense and common
honesty.
We all agree in relation to the importance
of the duties which these men have to perform,
and the indispensable necessity of having men
of capacity, learning, and integrity, in order
that the duties of the positions may be faith-
fully discharged. If there is any class of public
servants that ought to receive such acompensa-
tion as will remove them from temptation and
from all want or care, it is the judges of our
courts.
I quite agree in the general principles which
have been advanced here so often and so well
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations in relation to economy in our expend-
itures. I quite agree, also, thatin our present
financial condition, with the currency of the
country depreciated, this is not a good time to
raise salaries except where an increase may be
absolutely necessary. How is it with reference
to these "judges? The compensation of the
judges of the Supreme Court was fixed in
1855 at $0,000 a year for all except the Chief
Justice, whose salary was fixed at $0,500. I
suppose the men who occupied seats in this
Hull at that day understood as well the proper
principles of economy and the just measure
of compensation as we understand them to-day.
Does not every man upon this floor know that
in 1855 $6,000 would go as far in furnishing
means of living as double that sum would the
to-day? Will my friend, the chairman of tho_
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,]"
deny—must he not admit—that fifteen years
ago $6,000 was for all practical purposes worth
as much as twice that amount is to-day ?
I do not advocate an increase in propor-
tion to the increased cost of living as com-
pared with what it was fifteen years ago. In
my opinion wo shall never get back to the oid
prices, the old expenses^ of living ; and there-
fore the amount named in the amendment of
the Senate for the salaries of the judges is no
more than they ought to receive, not only now,
but in all time to come. An increase of thirty -
three per cent, as proposed—an advance from
$0,000 to $8,000—is not at all commensurate
with the increased cost of living at the present
time as compared with 1855. In England the
judges of the superior courts receive salaries
ranging from $'20,000 to MO,000 a year, though
their duties are 110 more important,_ and are
indeed far less onerous and responsible, than
those imposed upon the juoges in this coun-
try.
I was somewhat amused at the remarks made
011 this subject yesterday by my friend, the
chairman of the Committee 011 Appropriations.
He opposed this proposition of the Senate be-
cause it is found "in bad company." .He said
that if this proposition had stood by itself he
would not have found fault with it; but that
being in such "bad company '1 the committee
thought they must go against the whole, fie
also said, in relation to the salaries of the cir-
cuit judges, that those offices had been recently
created with salaries fixed at §5,000 a year,
and that the judges ought to be regarded as
estopped from now asking more. I had some-
thing to do with the bill in relation to circuit
judges and with its passage through C011-
gri.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I would like
to know what the question is?
The SPEAKER. The question is, " Will
the House concur in the two hundred and fifty-
fifth amendment of the Senate, inserting a new
section."
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have the
House take notice that the effort now made is
to carry through upon the backs of the judges
of the Supreme Court all the matters contained
in this section. The judges of the Supreme
Court and their salaries stand upon entirely
different grounds from the other judges and
their salaries.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to ask my colleague [Mr.
Dawes] whether he would consent to move an
amendment to the Senate amendment, so that
we may act upon the salaries of judges of
the Supreme Court as a distinct question?
Mr. DAWES. I would favor, either in a
committee of conference or in this House, a
proposition to make the salaries of the asso-
ciate judges of the Supreme Court §7,000, and
the salary of the Chief Justice §8,000.
Mr. ALLISON". I trust you will make that
amendment, and let us take the sense of the
House on it..
Mr. DAWES. I wish to call the attention of
the II ouse to the fact that the general desire to
treat honestly and liberally the Supreme Court
of the United States has been taken advantage
of to cany all these others—to carry the in-
crease of 'he circuit judges, the salary of
which oilice has been fixed within six months
at S5,000—to carry the proposition to add fifty
per cent, to that 
Mr. POLAND. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield just now. The
proposed increase to the judges of the Supreme
Court is taken advantage of to carry the salary
of the district judges, all of them, up to _ the
level of $5,000 per annum, when, as my friend
from Vermont very well knows, there are dis-
trict judges who do not have business enough
to wear out their shoes, and who do not hold
a court more than once a year—men who com-
plain that they have so little to do in their office
that they will not stay in it. It puts them all
on the level of §5,000 a year, whether they
have much to do or little, if any at all. It
takes in forty-six such judges as 1 have spoken
of. It takes the judges of the Court of Claims,
and puts $1,000 011 them. Then it take3 the
judges of the supreme court here. They are
all attempted to be carried upon the backs of
the judges of the Supremo Court I do think
in tiiese times it is too much to raise the salary
of these judges as proposed, making a dif-
ference between them and the salary of the
Chief Justice of $2,000. Now, I do not say
that some of these judges whose salaries are
proposed to he increased do not have laborious
duties to discharge ; but I do say that there are
some of them who have little or nothing to do.
I do not see any good reason why we should
put the whole of these forty-six judges up to
a level .$5,000 per annum each.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I slated yesterday, fairly
and frankly, what I meant by saying the at-
tempt to raise the salaries of the judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States was 111 bad
company. I meant 110 disrespect to the other
judges ; bat I believe, under the circumstances
and the business performed by the other judges,
that we should not run up the salaries, as has
been proposed by the Senate. If the whole
subject be referred to the committee of con-
ference it can then be fixed as it ought to be.
It ought not to have been put in an appropri-
ation bill. The Constitution provides that the
salary of these judges shall not be diminished
during their term of ofiice, and if this increase
be granted it cannot again he taken away from
| them. The whole subject should be referred to
the committee of conference. But peradvon-
ture the able and winning arguments of the dis-
tinguished lawyers in this House may induce
the House, seeing the difficulty of securing
the increase of the salaries of the judges of
the Supreme Court, to agree to them all, and
although not in accordance with the report of
the Committee on Appropriations, 1 will ven-
ture 011 my own responsibility to move a con
currence in the amendment of the Senate, with
an amendment making the salary of the Chief
Justice $8,000, and that of the nine associate
justices $7,000 each, striking out ail the rent.
And on that I demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may move
to close the debate, but he cannot move the
previous question, as the House is acting on
these amendments of the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the yeas and nays
011 the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to know whether
the amendment is considered as reported from
the Committee on Appropriations?
The SPEAKER. Itis an amendment moved
by the gentleman from Massachusetts individ-
ually.
Mr. DAWES. I move to close the debate on
this whole matter.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. Suppose this amendment, is
voted down, will not the question then recur
011 concurring in the Senate amendment with-
out amendment.?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; the next ques-
tion will be, " Will the House concur in the
amendment of the Senate '?"
Mr. KNOTT. I move to strike out ail of
the Senate amendment after the word " law,"
in line seven; so that the amendment will then
read as follows:
Hue. 2. And be it further enacted. That from and
after tlio 1st day of July, A. D. 1870, tho salary of tho
Chief Justice of tho fciupromo Court of tho United
States shall bo, §10,000 per annum, «nd tbo salary of
each ol' tho associato justices of said court shall bo
&8,000 per annum, to be paid in tho manner now pro-
vided t>y loav.
Mr. Knott's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move fo amend the
amendment bv adding, " and for circuit judges,
$G,500."
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment.
The question next recurred 011 concurrence
in the amendment of the Senate.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
,"'2, noes 91.
So llie amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Mr. DAWES. The amendments numbered
20, *21, and 170 are marked for non-coocur-
rence in the report of the committee. They
should have been marked for concurrence.
The SPEAKER. They will be considered
as concurred in.
Mr. BRADFORD. I ask for a separate
vote on amendments numbered 138, 139, and
140, which tho committee recommend shall be
non-concnrredin. These amendments increase
somewhat the appropriation for the workmen
and clerks at the branch mint at Denver. The
reason for this increase is that the business has
largely increased during the last two or three
years. The appropriation made by the House
is not sufficient to pay the laborers for carry-
ing on the work. In order that the matter may
be fully understood by the House I desire to
have read a letter addressed to myself by Mr.
Schirmer, assayer of the Denver mint, and a
letter from the same gentleman addressed to
ITon. James Pollock, Director of the Mint.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he leave this as a matter for the
consideration of the committee of conference.
If it is pressed now in the House I shall be
obliged to oupose it. , ,,
Mr. BRADFORD. Very well; I shall not
insiston a secarate vote. I ask that the letters
I have refened to may be printed in tho Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
