1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2471
American fisherman, at an hour when every
honest man was locked in the embraces of
Morpheus, and the cord drawn across to the
American side, having attached to it a cask of
liquor. 'Ihat is the way in which smuggling is
done.
The question was put on Mr. Kerr's amend-
ment., and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On bayrum or bay-water containing not more than
25 per cent, of alcohol, $1 per gallon; containing
luoco than 2o per cent, of alcohol, $2 per gallon.
On colorinft for brandy, 60 per cent, ad valorem.
On mineral or medicinal waters, or waters from
springs impregnated willi minerals, 61 50 per dozen
bottles or jugs containing each more than one pint,
n nd not over one quart; and SI 50 per two dozen bot-
tles or jugs,each containing notmore than one pint;
on mineral or medicinal waters in casks, 10 cents per
gallon.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the paragraph just read the
following:
Provided, That such mineral or medicinal waters
as are the product of springs within Ave miles of the
boundary of tho United States may bo imported free
of duty.
I am authorized by the committee to say
that they approve of this amendment. Per-
haps, however,some little explanation maybe
necessary. I would say, in reference to it, that
it is a mere matter of convenience ; it does not
affect the question of revenue in any respect.
There is adjoining our State a single instance,
and there may be instances in other States,
where there is a mineral spring near the bound-
ary. _ There is near the city of Detroit, across
the line, a mineral spring which people from
the city are accustomed constantly to visit;
and when they go there they wish to carry home
the waters. The waters are not for sale at all,
and have no pecuniary value ; they simply run
to waste; but in order to bring them into the
United States people are obliged to make an
application to the custom-house, at a cost of,
I think, 70 cents for each application, which
prevents visitors to these springs from carry-
ing away these waters as they wish to do. The
committee have examined the mailer and can-
not find that this proposition, which I now sub-
mit, will interfere with the revenue in any way,
and they have authorized me to say that they
think it advisable that this amendment should
be adopted.
The question was put on Mr. Blair's amend-
ment, and there were—ayes 31, noes 18; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers;.and appointed Mr. Blaik and Mr.
Sargent.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the Chair
whether it, is in order to move an amendment
to that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. A division having been
ordered it is not.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 66, noes 49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by striking
out the words "and fifty cents," in line one
hundred and nine, so that that part of the para-
graph will read:
On mineral or medicinal waters, or waters from
spring'! impregnated with minerals,$1 perdozen bot-
tles or jugs containing caoh more than one pint and
not over one quart.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of
inquiring of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means why this duty has been so
much raised in this bill above the duty as it
stands in the existing law? We find thrown
in here, between liquors and cigars, mineral
waters which, unlike those articles, are very
far from being a luxury, and the tax upon them
is raised by this bill from 8 cents a bottle and
25 per cent, ad valorem to 121 cents per bottle.
Now, I do not understand why this should be
done, and I should like to have the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means explain
why it is proposed that the duty on medicinal
waters shall be raised in this way.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know that the committee had any particular
design in placing mineral waters in the neigh-
borhood of liquors and next to cigars, unless
it be that when a gentleman takes his glass of
brandy and seltzer water mixed, which is fre-
quently done, ho necessarily brings them
together.^ But, Mr. Chairman, we have taken
these articles just in the order in which they
occurred in the present tariff, and are not re-
sponsible for the collocation. The inquiry,
however, why we have raised the duty is a sub-
stantial one. And I answer, it is simply for
purposes of revenue. They are now at a very
low rate, only 3 cents a bottle and 25 per cent.
ad valorem. In tho first place, we desired to
get rid of the ad valorem duty and make it
purely specific. The 25 per cent, ad valorem
added to the 3 cents a bottle would, perhaps,
notbring it quite up to what we propose. But
we make the duty specific at $1 50 per dozen
on the supposition that these are a sort of lux-
ury in some respects, not used by the masses
of the people, and that those who use them can
as well afford to pay $1 50 a dozen if they pre-
fer to use foreign waters, as pay 3 cents a bot-
tle and 25 per cent, ad valorem. A further
reason was that in making the duty all specific
we make it surer as a source of revenue. I do
not think it would be oppressive in any case:
it is not oppressive upon any class of people
who are not able to pay for an indulgence of
this kind.
Mr. BECK. I could not hear what the gen-
tleman said very distinctly. Will he be kind
enough to tell us what the present tariff on
these mineral waters is, and what amount of
revenue is now obtained from this source?
Mr. SCIIENCK. The present tariff is 3
cents a bottle and 25 per cent, ad valorem.
Some classes of these mineral waters are much
higher in price than others; Seltzer water, for
instance, is higher than any other. The 3
cents a bottle and 25 per cent, ad valorem
together do not, I think, amount to as much
as 12J cents a bottle; but it has the disadvan-
tage of being a mixed duty, partly specific and
partly ad valorem. We prefer to make it a
plain, clear, specific duty of so much per dozen
bottles.
Mr. BECK. What revenue do we derive
from it?
Mr. SCHENCK. It now produces nearly
$18,000.
Mr. BECK. What is the cost of collecting it?
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I suppose it would
cost a good deal if collected alone; but as we
have all the machinery of custom-houses for
many other purposes, it probably amounts to
very little in itself. The committee think that
we may safely charge those who use these
luxuries—-for we were disposed to so regard
them—a little more than they pay now, and
that it will be particularly well to put it in the
shape of a clear, plain, specific duty, so that
there may be no question as to the value of
the mineral waters introduced. We put them
all on the same footing.
Mr. KERR. I would ask the gentleman if
the proposed duty of §1 50 a dozen does not
exceed " the revenue limit," to which the gen
tleman referred awhile ago?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think it will at
all. The gentleman who uses Seltzer water
will not mind paying 10 or 12 cents more a bot-
tle for it. If he does, let him use Congress
water, which is obtained at home—at Saratoga.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say a word or two.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BECK. I renew it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to move
to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. BECK. I have the floor for a minute
or two.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon.
Mr. BECK. The reason I asked those ques-
tions of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means was with a view of seeing if
we could not strike out the whole clause with-
out any particular loss to the revenue; and I
woulddoitbecause theamendmentjust adopted
by the committee, as it seems to me, witli all
due respect to the intelligence of the commit-
tee, is entirely ridiculous. You have voted to
admit mineral waterfree thatcomes from within
five miles of the lines. How will the custom-
house officer, when it comes to him, know
whether it has come five miles or fifty miles or
five hundred miles? You allow every man who
says he got his mineral water from a spring
within five miles of the line, and who has
marked it with the mark of that spring, to
bring over free mineral water that has come
from the continent of Europe and from all
parts of Canada and Mexico. You have no
custom-house officer five miles from the lines
and no means of ascertaining the fact. You
propose to allow the waters ot one little spring
to be brought in free, but under the name of
that spring waters that ought to pay $1 50 per
dozen bottles will come in free.
Mr. SCHENCK. I simply want to suggest
to gentlemen that if there is any loss they had
better put it on some of the previous articles.
I would rather see that done. As I said before,
this produces now $17,000, and even as we
have amended it it will produce not more than
$20,000 or $25,000. The only difficulty is,
and that is something worth considering, that
if you allow it to be brought in free in bottles
you will import free a large quantity of bottles,
and in that way come in competition with the
glass manufactures of our own country.
Mr. BECK. But how can we tell about this
'''five miles from the line" spring?
Mr. SCHENCK. You must ask the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Blair] about that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the whole of the pending clause. I make
that motion for the purpose of enabling the
Committee of the Whole to put this artielc on
the free list. And for that I have two reasons.
The first reason is that any article the duty on
which produces only $17,000 a year in the
custom-houses of the United States should be
made free, for such a duty is simply a vex-
atious tax; and the second reason is that a
large part of the productions imported under
the name of mineral water is purely for medi-
cinal purposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. How do you know that?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is not a mat-
ter of wise public economy to tax articles that
are used for purposes of health, that arc required
only for medicines. Of course some classes
of mineral waters are not medicinal merely;
but tho great bulk of that which is imported
into this country is brought here for its medi-
cinal properties whether wisely or unwisely
used. As the duty on this article produces but
$17,000, T hope this clause will be stricken out.
Mr. BLAIR. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.]
Mr. CREBS. I desire to suggest to tlie gen-
tleman from Ohio that his motion ought to be
to put this article on the free list.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I stated that I
moved to strike out this clause so that this
article might be placed on the free list.
Mr. CREBS. The motion now is merely to
strike out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the motion
to strike out should prevail the other^ motion
can be made when we reach the free list.
Mr. BLAIR. The argument that a duty on
any article which realizes but $17,000 per an-
num is a vexatious tax and not worth collec-
tion is not founded upon a correct understand-
ing of the facts. The machinery of tho custom-
house is always ready. we at one time
were making some investigations in connection
with the custom-houses of the country we were
told by one gentleman that we need have no
trouble upon that score; that there were always
