1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3415
was opposed a year or two ago to this high
duty ou nickel, she is now softened by this
additional 10 per cent, protection on her man-
ufactures, and goes for the nickel mine of
Pennsylvania, I repeat what I said the other j
day, that as we do oue wrong we are compelled
to do another; and as we levy a bounty upon
ilie people for the benefit of a Mr. Wharton,
of Pennsylvania, we are then obliged to give
mi additional bounty to the manufacturers of
Waterbury, Connecticut, of 10 per cent, ad
taioraa upon their articles. Thus the thing
works all around.
It does seem to me that in a large part of
this House the consumer has no representa-
tives. By mutual arrangement all these various !
contrivances are made for the benefit of pecu-
liar interests without any regard whatsoever to
the great body of the people. And some forty i
million people, more or less, are taxed through-
out this bill by the various arrangements made
in it for the benefit of some few hundred
iuterested parties. j
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to say simply that I j
am opposed to the amendment. I do not think j
it needs any argument. j
Mr. GUIS WOLD. I move to amend the |
amendment so as to make the duty imposed by
this paragraph 3 cents per pound. This para-
graph embraces nickel combined with copper,
i understand that this combination is frequently
an article of commerce. I also understand
that nickel cannot be combined with copper
to a greater extent than 33 or 35 per cent.
Yet it will be seen that this paragraph proposes
to make the duty on this combination of nickel
with copper higher than the duty we have
already imposed on pure nickel. This combi-
nation embraces, as I have understood, two
thirds of copper; and copper sells for about 16
or -17 cents per pound. So that the duty in this
paragraph amounts to much more than the duty
oa pare nickel, which is fixed in this bill at 40
cents per pound. While upon this subject I
wish to say, as relevant to this question, that I
do not see that the statements which I made
last evening upon this subject have been con-
tradicted in any material point. I say this after
Laving read the report of last evening's discus-
sion ; tor I could not distinctly hear all that was
said on the other side. It was asserted last even-
ing that the total production of nickel in the
whole world was not so great as I had supposed,
yet I see that the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey,] in whose district is this mine
l'rom which all the American nickel is obtained,
states that the production of nickel in one year
was 870,000 pounds. The same gentleman
says that he understands the supply of nickel
to be according to the demand. There is,
therefore, good authority for saying that from
this one mine pure nickel can be obtained in
auy quantities which may be required. It thus
appears that these men in Pennsylvania furnish
the entire supply of nickel for the United States
Government.
Mr. DICKEY. The letter from the treas-
urer of the Mint shows that a large portion of the
nickel used by the United States is imported.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. In the book from which
I read, the American Encyolopedia, published
iu 1869, it is stated that the entire supply for
the Mint of the United States was obtained
from that one mine.
Mr. DICKEY. That is a mistake.
Mr. GlilSWOLD. Now, that fact proves
one of two things: either under the present
duty of 16 cents per pound those who fur-
nish nickel from that mine have some special
privileges in selling it to the United States, or
they are, without special privileges, able to
undersell the importers of foreign nickel. I
will assume that they have no special privi-
leges over the importers in selling to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. If that be so,
then certainly they have at a duty of 15
cents per pound been able to undersell the
importers of the nickel, assuming that the
Director of the Mint has done his duty and
th&t there is no lawgiving special privileges to
these American producers of nickel.
Mr. NEGLEY. I think I must raise a point
of order on the gentleman. This is the same
old story that he told us last night, and it is
not germane to the question now before us.
Mr. GRIS WOLD. I am speaking upon the
subject of nickel. This paragraph relates to
the coinbinatjou of copper and nickel; and
therefore I hold that whatever is pertinent to
nickel is pertiuent to this paragraph. Now, as
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has expressed a desire that no amend-
ment shall be offered except in good faith, I
wish to say that I have offered this amend-
ment in good faith. The duty on nickel has
never been higher than 15 cents per pound, and
it has been lower. It is now proposed to raise
the duty to 40 cents.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH.. I would like to put
an inquiry to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] who understands this question.
Would not his friend in Pennsylvania who
makes nickel be willing to accept a bounty
from the Treasury in lieu of this duty?
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, that ques-
tion is not one that requires an answer. I am
speaking for no one man. I am asking this
House to legislate in. such a way that the
country may possibly become independent ag
to its supply of one of the metals almost as
essential in the modern industrial arts as iron.
In reply to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Griswold] I wish to say that he is en-
tirely mistaken; he has been utterly misled in
his sources of information. Nickel may be
combined with copper in any degree. You
may alloy them in any proportions. When
the gentleman says that nickel cannot be com-
bined with copper in a greater proportion than
33 per cent, he is doubtless misled by an indis-
tinct remembrance of what took place in the
discussion of the coinage question, when it
was stated that more than 33 per cent, of nickel
cannot be worked into coin because the com-
bination would becotne so hard as to break
the die. That is the point to which the gen-
tleman has alluded. They may bfe intermin-
gled, and are brought in in all degrees of alloy.
Again, sir, the Lancaster county mine does
not yield the whole of the nickel worked in
this country. Mine Lamotte, Missouri, ships
nickel-matte when first manufactured from the
ore both to New Jersey and Swansea. The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] is
aware of the fact that mine Lamotte is ship-
ping nickel to Swansea. The nickel works in
New Jersey are closed, and the matte is being
shipped from there also to Swansea. If we
do not give adequate protection to this we
will establish in perpetuity the monopoly of
England, notwithstanding the affluence of our
own ore.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] is also equally mistaken in assum-
ing that the Mint has consumed nothing but
American nickel. It at no time has received
50 per cent, of its annuaL supply from Amer-
ican mines in Missouri and Pennsylvania.
Every year it consumes of foreign nickel more
than it does from these sources. So the gen-
tleman's information is wholly at fault on
every point he has made. One hundred and
eighteen thousand pounds were imported into
the country in 1868, and a larger amount in
1869 went into general use, the Mint taking
about as much as of American nickel. This
year it cannot buy a pound of American nickel.
The ore of Missouri is being transported clear
across the ocean to the shipping point of
Swansea, and there smelted by English coal
and English labor, to be returned in a small
percentage of nickel.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that all further
debate on the pending paragraph be closed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Griswoi,d's amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Brooks, of New York.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 19, noes 60.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not ask
for a further count, but I wish the country to
take notice that these things are being doue
without a quorum.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
On nickel-matte or speiss, 20 cents per pound.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out "20" and insert "15," the duty
under the existing tariff. It is high enough, in
all reason. If there is any reason for this
increase I should like to hear it, if we have
not got beyond the age of reason.
The committee divided; and there were —
ayes 18, noes 40.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not ask
for a further count.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
On ores of nickel, 10 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike that out. Ores of nickel come in now
free.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 20, noes G4.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, No quorum
has voted, but I do not ask for a furthercount.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On alb at a, or white metal, argentine, German
silver, and the like mixed metals, 40 per oent. ad
valorem.
Mr. MAYHAM. Imoveto strikeout "40"
and insert " 35." Mr. Chairman, I make this
motion for the purpose of having the bill con-
form to what the tariff now is on this article.
It seems to me, notwithstanding the declar-
ation of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that there was a disposition
to reduce the tariff, we have seen a constant
upward tendency on most all of these articles.
The tariff is now 35 per cent, ad valorem, and
it is here proposed to increase it to 40 per
cent, ad valorem. This is an article which
now enters largely into the consumption of
the people of the country. It is an article
which, when plated, is used as a substitute in
poorer families for silver ware. Very much
beautiful ware is manufactured from it. For
those who are pecuniarily unable to use silver
ware, this is an available substitute. And
there is scarcely a family in the country that
is not to-day using this as an article of table
ware. Now, if there is no necessity for ex-
traordinary protection to this article, or if,
as is pretended, this tariff is for the purpose
of raising revenue with which to meet the de-
mands of the Government, it seems to me that
there should be some satisfactory reason pre-
sented by the chairman of-the Committee of
Way3 and Means why the duty on this, article
is increased in this bill. Unless some satis-
factory reason is given I think the Committee
of the Whole should be willing to go back at
least to the duty which was imposed upon this
article under the old law.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have no desire to pro-
long debate on this question. But I rise to
oppose the amendment, and I shall state very
briefly the reason why I oppose it. The in-
crease in this bill, as the gentleman from New
York |_Mr. Mayham] concedes, is only 5 per
cent. The committee reported an increase on
nickel, the chief article of value that enters into
the composition of this German silver, from 15
to 35 per cent., or 40 cents a pound, which is
an addition of 20 per cent, to the duty on the
raw material. Now, for the manufactures from
the article there is only proposed as. an offset
an increase of 5 per cent.
My friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
who spoke a few moments ago, seemed to
thiulc that thore must have been some under-
standing in order to bring about this new
