3416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
arrangement. I will say for one that I never
heard of this increase of duty at the present
session until I saw it reported in the bill. We
have not chosen to oppose it, although perhaps
we should not have favored the original prop-
osition of an increase of duty on any of these
raw materials. But having made such an in-
crease on copper, having done it against the
protest in the last Congress of many from my
own district, having done it against the pro-
test of many from many other districts in the
East, the committee have placed these metals
upon the same footing as they placed copper
in the last Congress.
I say, then, mat there has been no arrange-
ment. The committee will bear me out in
saying that I never heard from them of this
increase of duty until the bill was reported.
So far as Waterbury, Connecticut, is concerned
(I suppose the gentleman in speaking of
Waterbury alluded to myself) we had heard
of a proposed increase in former years, but of
this bill we knew nothing until it was reported. ,
But we did not choose to oppose it after the ;
representations of the friends of this proposi- j
tion on the committee that they will make the |
article actually cheaper if it can be produced |
in this country against the competition of for- i
eigti producers and foreign importers. The !
proposed increase, as I have stated, is only 5 ■
per cent., and I think it is not fair to ask that
that should be stricken out, when there has
been an increase of 20 per cent, on the raw ,
material.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that debate on this
paragraph be now closed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
be permitted to say just a single word on this
matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I insist on my motion.
There has been a speech on each side of the
question.
The question was pat on Mr. Schenck's
motion to close debate; and there were, on a
division—ayes 65, noes 22; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Matnard, and Mr.
Brooks of New York.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 70, noes 24; no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Is farther count insisted
upon?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I shall not
insist On farther connt, if I am permitted an
opportunity for debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Aa nd quorum voted
upon the last division the Clerk will call the
roll.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call the attention of the
country to the conduct of gentlemen on the
other side.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And I call
the attention of the country to this, that while
the majority are engaged in robbing the coun-
try, they will not allow an opportunity even for
protest.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer t.o their names :
Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Bailey, Banks, Barnum.
Beck, Biggs, BingWm. Boles, Bowen, Burdett.Barr,
Cake, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb.Cook,
Crebs.CuUoin.Doekery.Dyer.Eldridze, Fame worth,
Kisher, Pitch, Fox, Griswold, Haignt, Haldeman,
Hays, Beaton, Hoar, Hoge, Holman, Jenekes. John-
son, AlexanderH. Jones, Thomss L. Jones, Julian.
Kerr, Knapp, Logan, Marshall, McCormick, Mc-
Neely, Meroor, Eiiakim H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel
P. Morrill, Muogen, Palmer, Phelps, Piatt, Porter,
Bjdgway. Sthumaker, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slo-
cum, Stile3, Stoughton, Strader, Swann, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Ward, William B. Washburn, Eugene
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Witcher, and Wood-
wircL
. The Speaker then resumed the chair, and
Mr. VV he sunt reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, accord-
ing to order of the House, had had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to
amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposes, and finding
itself without a quorum, he bad, under the rule,
directed the roll to be called, and reported the
absentees t,o the House.
The SPEAKElt. Upon the calling of the
roll one hundred and fifty-seven members
answered to their names. A quorum being
present, the Committee of the Whole, under
the rule, will resume its session.
message from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his Sec-
retaries, informed the House that the Presi-
dent had this day approved and signed a bill
of the following title:
An act (H. R. No. 902) limiting the appoint-
ment of certain officers in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
tariff bill again.
The Committee of the Whole then resumed
its session.
The tellers having resumed their places, the
committee again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 88, noes 31.
So the motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. May-
ham's amendment; and it was disagreed to—
ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the paragraph by inserting after the
words " German silver " the words "alumin-
ium and its alloys." That is a new metal and
there has never been any tariff on it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. KELLEY. I think that would be an
improvement.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Isliouldlike
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler J to tell us what this is before I reply to
him.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall be compelled to
call the gentleman to order. Debate has been
closed on this paragraph.
Mr. CLEVELAND. There is not a pound
of this article made in the country—not one.
Mr. KELLEY. It can be made in every
State in the Union.
Mr. COX. We are voting on something
that we do not even know how to spell. We
do not know the name of it. It is something
new.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
a point the gentleman might make at any time.
Mr. SCHENCK. So scientific a gentleman
as my friend from New York ought to know
all about it.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and there were—ayes 51, noes 5; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I insist on a
further count, aa we cannot have any debate.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusettsi and Mr. Brooks, of New York,
were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 04, noes 9; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee finding
itself without a quorum, it is the duty of the
Chair to cause the roll to. be ealled, in order
that the names of the absentees may be re-
ported to the House.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Auper, Bailey, Banks, Bar-
nutn, Beaman, Biggs* Bales, Burdett, Cake, Clinton
L. Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dockery. Eldridge, Fisher,
Fitch, Fox, Griswold, Haisht, Haldeman, Heaton,
9oar; Hoge, Holman, Jonckes, Johnson, Alexander
.Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kerr; Knapp,
Logan, Marshall, McCormick, MeKee. McNeely,
Mercur, Morgan, MoTphis,Samuel P. Morrill,Mun-
gen, Myers, Palmer, Perce, Phelps,Kidgway,Rogers,
Schumaker, Porter Sheldon, Shorrod, Starkweather,
Stiles, Stoughton, Strader, Swann, Tanner, Tillman,
Van HornVvan Trump, Voorhees, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Eugene M. Wilson, Witoher, and
Woodward.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair> Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union having, according to order
had under consideration a bill (II. R. N0'
10G8) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
finding itself without a quorum, had caused the
roll to be called, and directed him to report the
names of the absentees to the House to be
entered upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER From the roll of absentees
reported by the Chairman of the Committee of
the Whole it appears that one hundred and
' sixty-one gentlemen have answered to their
i names. A quorum being present, the cominit-
tea will resume its session.
j The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session, the
i pending question being on the amendment
j offered by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
; Mr. O'NEILL stated that Mr. Mercur was
paired on the tariff with Mr. Holman.
The tellers having resumed their places, the
| committee again divided; and the tellers re-
! ported—ayes 88, noes 81.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On manufactures or articles of nickel, albata, or
white metal, argentine, German silver, and the like
mixed metals, 4o per cent, ad valorem,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend that paragraph by inserting after the
word "silver" the words ''aluminium and its
alloys."
Mr. SCHENCK. Thatisto correspond with
the amendment made in the last paragraph.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
it will make itcorrespond. Aluminium is a new
metal, lately discovered by French chemists,
which comes from clay. It can be made every-
where where bricks and pottery can be. It is
a difficult chemical process to extract it, so that
it is worth from $10 to $15 a pound. It can
be cheaply made if made in large quantities.
It is a very light metal, its specific gravity being
only one quarter greater than that of water. It
is used in alloy with copper very extensively.
When alloyed with copper it makes oroide, look-
ing like gold, and which is impervious to every
acid. It is the foundation of the oroide watch-
cases, and it also makes table-ware. The only
difficulty in its use in that way is that the salt
from the hands or from any other source will
corrode it very fast. But wherever salt is not
used it is a very valuable metal, and it is com-
ing to be used very extensively in the arts. If
we protect its manufacture for a little while
this metal will be very cheap among us, because
the bases of it are exceedingly cheap.
! Mr. CLEVELAND. Instead of being ex-
1 tensivelyused in thearts, astliegentleman from
j Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] says, this metal
is scarcely used at all. The gentleman cor-
ij rectly stated that this is a new metal. It is a
4 hard metal, but malleable and ductile, the
lightest of all the metals in weight, as white as
silver and more useful in many of the details
of the mechanic arts, does not oxidize as readily
even as silver, alloys with other metals readily,
and is destined to become an important agent
in the workshop, and to occupy a prominent
position in the metallurgy of the future ; but
after having been before the public for fifteen
years or more, and its base found in every coun-
try on earth, it is not yet produced at a price
low enough to make it available for general use.
It is found in every clay-bank in the country;
we all admit that. But we are not skillful
enough, our labor is not cheap enough, to enable
us to produce this metal in this country at a
paying rate.
Now, to puta duty of 45 percent, advalorem
upon tbis metal, as proposed by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] would be actually shutting it
out from that introduction into the arts which
is gradually taking place, but only gradually.
It is a metal very little understood, very little
used, afld if used at all in making the brass-
colot'ed watches of which the gentleman speaks
