1528
TEH CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
House whether with hundreds of parties hereto
fore guilty of precisely this thing, and vfho are
now beyond the reach of the House, we should
visit the utmost penalty for an act growing out
of that vicious, improper, and illegal custom
only upon the head of one Representative, who,
if the truth were known, has sinned in the least
degree of all in this matter. Understand me
now; I am not advocating the custom. I want
the House to take such action, by bill or resolu-
tion of censure and prevention, as shall put a
stop to the practice forever. But I want to
have the whole extent of the matter shown to
the House before there is auy attempt on our
part to apply the remedy. Let us see how
much of the tree is rotten before we commence
lopping off the branches. Let us know what
has happened. Let us have some reason why
this report has been made against this member
alonewhen there are others,if we are to believe
common report, just as deeply implicated as he
is, and much more deeply if I may credit the
report.
And why press this so rapidly ? Why was the
investigation commenced at all ? It was com-
menced upon a newspaper accusation in the
New York Times, ana the very paper whose
reporter, Brooks, publishes, "he can buy us
like sheep, at so much a head." And now I
fear me that it is to be pressed forward because
of the spur that is behind us from the pen of
this and like newspapers; that is if pressed
forward at all, which I trust it will not be. Let
this House proceed in thiftnost important accu-
sation with dignity and with deliberation. Let
us have all the facts. Let ns have all that may
be known, and then we shall know exactly our
duty, and will do it unawed and uninfluenced
by any consideration save justice.
Suppose that this day and this hour we ex-
pel Mr. Whittemore, when he has put upon
file here an affidavit that not a dollar of any
sum ever came into his hands from corrupt
motives, which statement no man, not even
the committee, ^denies; y ou have thus inflicted
the extreme sentence of the law upon him
for his act which has in it no quality of moral
guilt. Then what are you going to do with the
next case that may come up, where a man
may be shown to have sold the.se appointments
for his own gain and put the money in his own
pocket? If you thus deal with. Mr. Whitte-
more, who possibly could not find a young
man in his district who could pass the necessary
examination, and therefore thought he was at
liberty to take a boy outside of his district,
provided he returned to his district an equiva-
lent advantage—if you take Mr. Whittemore
and punish him for that by expulsion) what are
ou going to do with those others, if any there
ie, who havinghundreds of young men in their
districts fit for the appointment have appointed
young men from other districts for their own
lucre and gain ? What, then, is to be done with
them? Let us wait a little. I say again, why
this haste ? I pray the House to consider these
questions with care and deliberation. I have
not on behalf of ]k£r. Whittemore gone into
any considerations relating to the general de-
fense of the accused, because I desire to speak
precisely aa I would under the close rules of a
court of law, as well as under parliamentary
rules, to the exact question of postponement,
and to that alone, leaving his general defense
on the question to other and abler hands.
Let me before I close recapitulate briefly.
Mr. Whittemore comes forward and says to the
House that there has been testimony adduced
against him of witnesses whom he has not had
full opportunity to cross-examine, and that
there are other witnesses that he desires to call
aud examine in his behalf to show that he has
committed no offense. He denies on his oath
that he is guilty of any wrong, fraud, or cor-
ruption. Let me read his denial:
" I here declare to be the truth, that I never have
receivedand used a dollar of money for my appoint-
ments, either to the cadetship at West Point or to
the is aval Academy at Annapolis, for my own pri-
vate purposes, or for my own private sain or emolu-
ment ; but that all that has been paid by any person,
to my knowledge, has been expended, ana much
more, for the relief and benefit of the people of my
I
district, and that I am not guilty or j ustly chargeable
with any corrupt, unlawful, or wicked act in anything
that I nave done or procured to be done in regard
to any nominations I have made aa a member of
Congress."
There? then, upon the fullest denial, and
under circumstances of great solemnity, he
purges himself of all wrong, and says that he
can prove it.
Mr. DAVIS. Prove what? Is not guilty
of what?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My friend
asks, "not guilty of what?" Not guilty of
any wrong or wrong intent, for inteut makes
the crime, not the act without the intent. You
would not punish a man by expulsion for doing
an act with no intent to do wrong, for corrup-
tion where no corruption exists? i
Let me ask members what is the difference
between this case and some others that may
have occurred. You give your cadetship to a
personal friend for the sake of pleasing him,
or you give it to a political friend, or you may
give it upon personal solicitation, or you may
put it up to a competition for the benefit of your
district. In any case you have parted with it
for a consideration good and sufficient to your-
self. Now, Mr. Whittemore, finding no person
who could receive in his district, as you were
blessed with in great numbers, lets the appoint-
ment go to some one who will give him money
to be used for the benefit of the Starving poor
of his district: and I am informed, and verily
believe, that of the $500 paid for these appoint-
ments he can show the House and the country
that it only passed through his hands to the
hands of leading men of his district and was
distributed to the starving poor of his district;
and yet he is to be branded for all time for
doing what? For doing what he claims and
offers to prove to be a highly benevolent, a
highly charitable action, although it may have
been done in a wrong manner. I ask gen-
tlemen to pause and consider this case. Let
us deal with it coolly and with calm judgments.
At any rate, let us be very careful that we grant
every constitutional right to the accused in this
case.
I desire now to call the attention of the Chair
and of the House, in view of what fell from the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
to the fact that he desires to answer what Mr.
Whittemore alleges or what is alleged on
behalf of the postponement. That privilege of
course will be accorded to him. But I call the
attention of the Chair to this fact, that upon
the pending motion the accused has the affirma-
tive ; and under the rule of the House to show
cause he has both the opening and the closing
argument. And with that matter explained to
the House I wait to hear what shall be objected
to as appearing on the record against the appli-
cation of Mr. Whittemore.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unwilling to
allow the gentleman to labor under a misap-
prehension. The privilege of the closing hour
belongs only to gentlemen reporting bills and
other matters from a committee. The gen-
tleman has eight minutes of his time remain-
ing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree,
Mr. Speaker, that the closing hour as a matter
of parliamentary business follows the rule in-
dicated by the Chair; but I desire the Chair
to understand my position, which is that this
proceeding is not subject to any rule of that
sort, but to a different and a higher rule.
Mr. WARD. I wish to inquire if it would
be in order for me to offer an amendment to
the resolution of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would feel
bound to recognize the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Logan.] ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
Mr. WARD. I move to amend the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Vermont by adding
to it the following:
Provided, That the final disposition of the caso
shall not be postponed for a longer period than
twenty days.
Mr. Speaker, I am desirous that this case
shall be disposed of as soon as it can be con-
sistently with the rights of the accused. I am
unwilling to vote forthe resolution of the gen-
tleman from Vermont in its present form,
because under it we might have almost an
indefinite postponement of the question. It
resubmits the matter to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and leaves the subject with them
as long as they may choose to keep it before
them, as long as they may choose to investi-
gate other transactions, and until they choose
to make a final report in all the other cases
coming before them. Now, sir, I think it is
the duty of the House to grant the gentleman
from South Carolina reasonable time. I think
the time indicated in my amendment is suffi-
cient.
Mr. LOGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. POLAND. I wish merely to say that
I desire an opportunity to say something on
my resolution, either before the gentleman
from. Illinois proceeds or after he has got
through.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield now.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to call the attention
of the House, in the first place, to the strange
proposition submitted by the gentleman from
Massachusetts in the first part of bis argument,
that this man, nnder the Constitution, is entitled
to all the rights and privileges- that he would
have were he arraigned before a court for trial
upon an indictment for a criminal offense. Sir,
this House cannot be considered a court in any
sense whatever. Under the Constitution of the
United State3 the Senate when trying an im-
peachment may organize itself into what has
sometimes been characterized a court; but
the proceeding in which we are now engaged
takes place under another provision of the Con-
stitution, to be found in article one, section
five:
"Each House may determine tbe roles of its pro-
ceedings, punish itsmembersfordisorderly behavior,
and. with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a mem-
ber/'
It is the House which may thus expel a
member; not acting as a court, not acting as a
military tribunal, not acting in any capacity
mentioned by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, but exercising a power explicitly con-
ferred on it by the Constitution. Under tbia
power the House determines whether a mem-
ber shall or shall not continue to act in that
capacity ; and the power is the same whatever
may be the reason alleged as a ground of dis-
qualification.
• But, sir, I desire to answer another proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts. He
avers that we are in great haste in the con-
duct of this "prosecution," as the gentleman
delights to term it. Now, allow me to call
the gentleman's attention to one remark that
dropped from him the other day, a remark that
was perhaps unnoticed by him at the time. He
said that he desired to fix an earlier time than
that which was first suggested, which was Thurs-
day, because he did not desire to allow time for
the newspapers to bring their influence to bear
upon this House. Has the gentleman forgotten
so soon that only the day before yesterday he
desired but a short time should be allowed for
the defense?
Now again, sir, we are told we should deal
with this man justly. Of course we should. We
are told that we should deal with him len-
iently. Of course we should deal so with all
persons. He asked if we should convict this
man and expel him in this great haste, what will
we do with the next man ? What next man ?
The learned gentleman from Massachusetts
