1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
has had much more experience as a lawyer
than myself. Suppose a man before a court
was being tried for murder, would the gentle-
man rise us his attorney and demand that his
case should be postponed until some one else
who is accused of murder should be tried
before him ? Is that the rule ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Under-
stand nie. I would ask if a number of men
were charged with the same crime whether the
gentlemen would select out one and try and
punish him alone?
Mr. LOGAN. I want to answer that ques-
tion, and I want the House to hear the discus-
sion between the gentleman and myself on
these legal propositions. I know that he is a
lawyer of large practice in Massachusetts, and
that he has a great power of impressing his
views on other persons. But I deny the prop-
osition of the gentleman, and I wish to show
how much he is in error. He says that persons
engaged in a common crime, that persons en-
gaged together in committing an offense against
the law, shall all be tried together. If I under-
stand the law it is not as the gentleman states
it; but you may try them all together, or you
may not try them all together. Under the Con-
stitution and the laws of the land each man
may be tried separately. There is no such ihing
as joint action in crime, and the gentleman
knowsit. There is no partnership in crime; and
when the gentleman tells the House as a law-
yer that all these men should be tried together
because they are partners in the same crime
he says what is not the law and what never has
been the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
suppose a case. Suppose before a court one
of the judges stands accused at. the bar, would
he not desire to know how many .of his asso-
ciates were equally guilty before the court
passed on that question?
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer the gentleman.
If he desires to put himself in that category I
have no objection. That is his matter and not
mine. But I will say this: that the time has
never been, and I hope never will come, when
judges shall inquire what charges they are to
respond to against themselves before respond-
ing to charges against other men who stand
accused at the bar of their court. If that is
the rule then he might say, convict not this
man until each one upon the floor of this House
has shown that he is not guilty of the crime
charged against the man who stands accused
at our bar. Snch is the rule which the gen-
tleman desires us to adopt. We must try the
case before us, and we are not asked to try
anything else. Is this man guilty or is he not
guilty? If he is guilty upon the evidence pre-
sented, then our duty lies plainly before us.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. LOGAN. When the gentleman from
Massachusetts was making his speech I did not
interrupt him, but listened to him patiently.
What is the rule he desires us to adopt? He
called this a court. He said that the grand
jury has brought in an indictment. If we
have brought in an indictment then you are the
traverse jury to pass upon the guilt or inno-
cence of this man. And let me ask the gentle-
man a question. Did he ever know, when a
man was indicted by a grand jury and arraigned
for trial, of any one of the traverse jury
becoming an attorney for the person indicted
by the grand jury, and who stood before the
traverse jury for acquittal or conviction?
[Laughter.] _ ,
Now, sir, I am only speaking as to the rules
of law which are adopted in courts, as to how
courts are governed, and not as to how Con-
gress shall be governed. When the gentleman
from Massachusetts speaks of this as a court
he is mistaken, and his own action proves that
he is mistaken. This is the Congress of the
United States. We are one of the branches
of the legislative department of the Govern-
ment. As such we adopted the resolution
under which a committee was appointed. For
what? To make this inquiry under our own
rules, under the power guarantied to us by the
Constitution of the United States. We have
made the inquiry and the report is before the
House, and on that report the House is now
called to act.
Let me go further with this question. The
gentleman says we are in great haste, that we
are the prosecutors of this man; that we should
not be in such a great haste to convict and
strike this man down. I say to this House
and to the country to-day, that, if I know
myself, I would go as far to protect the inno-
cent as any man that lives. I believe I would
be inclined, so far as judging a man's char-
acter is concerned, to go as far as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
I would judge a man according to his truth
or his falsity; I would judge him justly, and
at the same time I would judge him tenderly,
and would invoke for him that mercy which
our heavenly Father has implanted in the
human breast to be exercised when you come
to pass upon the rights of a man who has
been stricken down and condemned for an
offense. But, while I would ask on behalf
of an unfortunate man all the charity and
mercy for which there is room in the human
heart, I would at the same time ask the God
of heaven to give the judges of such a man a
spiritof sound judgment, and an honest determ-
ination to apply the law as it is, and, in the
case of this House, to give them a right knowl-
edge of the standard of public morality which
ought to be maintained by its members. And
I would at the same time implore every man
who is in a position to pass upon the rights of
another individual where evidence is concerned
to weigh that evidence carefully, that he may
do justice both to the individual and to society,
so that crime may be put down, and that the
sacred obligations of virtue and honesty may
be vindicated before the people. I trust that
the action of the House will be such as to
accomplish this end, instead of being such as
to set those sacred obligations at naught.
Now, what excuse is pleaded for requiring
this delay ? What does the gentleman state in
his affidavit? I am sorry that that affidavit
was read. I am sorry that it contains what it
does, becanse, as chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, I must state facts which
are in opposition to the statements of the
affidavit.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. I think that in addressing
the House I confined myself to what appears
on the record and on the sworn affidavit. And
that being so, I must ask that alleged facts
shall not be stated against Mr. Whittemore,
except those which appear on the record.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, sir ; I shall con-
fine myself to the record. But I hope, espe-
cially as I am called the public prosecutor on
behalf of the country—I hope I shall be per-
mitted at least to answer the gentleman. Now,
what does the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] say? He says that Mr. Whit-
temore was not permitted to cross-examine
witnesses. He says Mr. Whittemore was not
notified of what was going on; and that he
was not brought before the committee to make
his statement. Now, I am here to assert that
that statement is not correct. Mr. Whitte-
more had a full opportunity to cross-examine
this man Kegler and the other witnesses. I
went myself to hira in the House, and asked
him to go before the committee and eross-
examine them; and he said he would have
nothing to do with such a scoundrel as Keg-
ler was. Moreover, Mr. Whittemore himself
was not summoned before the committee, but
eame and made his statement voluntarily.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. 1 have
again to ask, Mr. Speaker, the enforcement of
the rules. I insist that in proceedings of this
sort there shall be no statement of facts except
those which appear on the record. But I want
now to say, furthermore, that Mr. Whittemore
does not say in his affidavit that he was not
permitted to cross-examine Kegler. That one
witness did not give all the testimony. The
statement in the affidavit is a general one that
he was not permitted to cross-examine the
Wltn6SS68
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Illinois
must confine himself to the facts which appear
on the record.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the learned lawyer, is so technical
and is so afraid that the truth may be told, I
may suppress part of it in order to accommo-
date him; but it is always best in such a case
as this to have all the facts clearly stated and
let the country judge. Now, inasmuch as the
gentleman will not agree that I shall state the
facts, 1 take the affidavit which he wrote, or
which Mr. Whittemore wrote, and present it
to this House. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says you ought to postpone this trial.
Why? Because the committee did not make
Kegler testify who offered him $500for a letter
which Mr. Whittemore had written to Kegler.
Now, I can tell the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts the reason for that. If you will read
the evidence yon will find that Kegler said
nothing about being offered $500for the letter.
Mr. Whittemore in hi 3 statement says it; it ia
no part of the evidence.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Here ia
the letter.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, if you would only keep
S quiet we should get along better. [Laughter. J
I am stating the facts as they are. The gentle-
man has been very unfortunate, if he is a great
lawyer, in his analysis of this testimony—very,
indeed. He says Mr. Kegler swears that an
offer of $500 was made to bim, and he makes
j a charge against the committee and asks why
they did not find out who made him that offer.
Now, nobody swears any such thing. Mr.
; Whittemore came forward himself and pro-
■ duced the letter and made the statement. That
was the way it came before the committee,
i But, for the sake of the argument, I will admit
. the fact that somebody did offer this man $500.
' Suppose that some one did. Suppose a man
steals a horse, and somebody offers a man who
witnesses the act $500 to tell the truth about
it; would.that vitiate his testimony and destroy
tW evidence? Would it make the man any
less guilty of committing the larceny? Why,
certainly not.
But, again, the gentleman says that Mr.
Whittemore should have further time because
he says that he did not use this money—what
money ?—for his own private purposes. Well, I
do not say that he did ; the committee do not
say that he used it for his own private purposes.
What do the committee say? They say that
after carefully examining the evidence they are
satisfied that in making his appointments to the
Military Academy at West Point, and to the
Naval Academy, he was influenced by pecun-
iary considerations. What difference does it
make to me what he did with the money? What
difference does it make to you what he did with
the money ? Suppose a great question is coming
up here to-morrow and the votes of members
here are to be cast either yea or nay on that
question, and some man CQmes to you and says
" I will give you $10,000 if you will vote for my,
bill." " Oh, no, I cannot take money; I will
not do it." " But your people are poor down
there ; they need it." " Well, that is true."
"You are going to be a candidate again and
may need the money." "Yes." " You are
building school-houses." "Yes." "You are
feeding the poor." " Yes." "You are doing
all these things and they are right and proper,
and if you will vote for my bill I will give you
$10,000 to be distributed among the poor of
your district." " Well," you say then, " my
people are poor; they are at my dooe every
