1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Income Tax—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
reasonable minds. If the taxes be not uniform, and
the Representatives of some States contribute to lay
a tax of which they bear no proportion, is not this
principle reciprocal?"
I call attention to the fact that although upon
the authority of Judge Patterson, as a member
of the Convention which formed the Constitu-
tion, it was held that a tax upon carriages was
not a direct tax, in this debate James Madison
directly asserts that a tax upon tobacco would
be a direct tax, and would be apportioned as
provided for in the Constitution.
Now, sir, when you take into consideration
that this law proposes to lay a tax upon all
rents, when you take the language of Judge Pat-
terson in that very case in which he says that
the product of the land is to be treated as the
land itself, and when jou go further, and bring
to your recollection the fact that, in most of
the agricultural States the rents of farms are
paid in kind, I should like to have the distinc-
tion pointed out between the tax upon tobacco,
the product of a northern or a southern plant-
ation, and a tax upon rents which are paid in
wheat or corn or any other production of the
land.
I have said that I am using this as an histor-
ical authority, not as a legal argument; but the
opinion, which is made the basis of all subse-
quent opinions, in the case in 3 Dallas, goes
upon the ground that a tax upon carriages is
not a direct tax, and that is based upon the
historical authority of Judge Patterson, and I
quote against it the authority of James Madison
in these debates to show that a tax imposed
on tobacco would be a direct tax, and must
be apportioned under the Constitution in pro-
portion to the census.
On page 185 Mr. Madison reasserts the same
doctrine, although not exactly in the same lan-
guage, but quite a3 strongly :
"My honorable friend over the way, Mr. Monroe,
yesterday seemed to conceive, as an insuperable ob-
jection, that if land were made the particular objcct
of taxation, it would be unjust, as it would exon-
erate the commercial part of the community; that if
it were laid on trade, it would be unjust in discharg-
ing the land-lioldors; and that any exclusive selec-
tion would be unequal and unfair. If the General
Government were tied down to one object, I confess
the objection would have some force in it. Bat if
this be not the case.it can have no weight. If it
should have a general power of taxation, they could
select the most proper objects, and distribute the
taxes in such a manner as that they should fall in a
due degree on eveiy member of the community, 'lhey
will be limited to fix the proportion of each State,
and they must raise it in the most convenient and
satisfactory manner to the public."
I now proceed to quote language which if
it had been used upon the bench would have
settled this as law forever; but it can have lit-
tle less weight when it is remembered that it
was used in the deliberations of the Virginia
convention when they were considering the
adoption of the Constitution and endeavoring
to remove the objections which were made to
it. I read the language of John Marshall in
the Virginia convention, page ICS :
"It is objected that Congress will not know how-
to lay taxes so as to be easy and convenient tor the
people at large. Let us pay strict attention to tms
objection. If it appearsto be totaliy withoutlound-
ation the necessity of levying direct taxes will obvi-
ate what gentlemen say, nor will there be any color
for refusing to grant the power. The objects ot direct
taxes are well understood; they are but tew ; wn.'it
are they? Lands, slaves. stock of all kinds, and a
few other articles of domestic property. Canynu
believe that ten men selected from ail parts ot the
State, chosen because they know the situation of the
people, will be unable to determine so as to make the
tax equal on and convenient for the people at large
There, Mr. President, is an authority in direct
opposition to the assertion in the case in 3 Dal-
las, that the only direct taxes intended to be
authorized by the Constitution were tiie capita-
tion tax and the tax upon lands, for this lan-
guage is, ''lands, slaves, stock of ail kinds,
and a few otlier articles of domestic property."
In other words, a tax upon land, or a tax upon
any personal property, would be a direct tax,
and would have to be apportioned under the
Constitution.
George Nicholas, on page 177, makes use of
this language:
"Another argument made use of is, that ours is
the largest State, and must pay in proportion to
the other States. IIow does that appear? The pro-
portion of taxes is fixed by the number of inhabit-
ants, and not regulated by the extent of territory or
fertility of soil. If we be wealthier in propoitiou
than the other States, it will fall lighter upon us
than upon poorer States. They must fix the taxes
so that the poorest State can pay, and Virginia, being
richer, will bear it easier."
Here, in considering this question of taxa-
tion, uniformity, equality was evidently in the
minds of all these men who were deliberating
upon the adoption of the Constitution, and in
considering this very clause Mr. Nicholas says
"they must fix the taxes so that the poorest
State can pay, and Virginia, being richer, will
bear it easier." And this, too, considering the
question of taxation as between the direct tax
and indirect taxes, the only ones authorized by
the Constitution.
I proceed further, on page 178:
"' Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which msty be in-
cluded within this Union, according to their respect-
ive numbers.' Each State will know from its pop-
ulation its proportion of any general tax. Asitwas
justly observed by the gentleman over the way,
[Governor Randolph,] they cannot possibly exceed
that proportion; they are limited and restrained
expressly to it."
" Any general tax" is the language here ;
and in considering a tax of that character the
language of the Constitution is considered as
expressly applicable to it.
I now refer the Senate to the opinion of Mr.
Grayson, on page 206 :
"Gentlemen were obliged to give up the point with
respect to general uniform taxes. They havo tho
candor to acknowledge that taxes oil sla\es would
not affect the eastern Stntes, and that taxes on fish
or potash would not affect the southern States.
They are then reduced to tbis dilemma. In order to
support this part of tho system they arc obliged to
controvert the first maxims of representation. Tho
best writers on this subject lay it down as a funda-
mental principle that ho who lays a tax should benr
ins proportion of paying if. A tux that mi^htwifh
propriety be laid and with ease collected in Dela-
ware might bo highly improper in Virginia."
Governor Pendleton, on page 216, says:
"We havo hitherto paid moro than our sharo of
taxes for the support of the Government, &c. But
by this svstemwo aroto pay our equal ratable sharo
only. Where is the danger of confiding in our fed-
eral Representative.-,1.' We must choose fliose in
"whom wo can put the greatest coniidenco. i'hey aro
only to remain two years in ollicc. Will they in that
timo lose all regard for the principles of honor and
their character, and become abandoned prostitutes
of our rights? I havo no such fear. When power
is in the hands of my liepresentatives, I care not
whether they meet hero or ono hundred miles oft.
"A gentleman [Mr. Monroe] has said that the
power of direct taxation was unnecessary, becausc
the impost and back lands would bo abundantly suf-
ficient to answer all Federal purposes. If so, what
aro we disputing about? I ask the gentleman who
made tho observation and this committoe if they
believe that Congress will lay direct taxes if,the
other funds are sufficient? It wilt then remain a
harmless power upon paper, and do no injury."
I now proceod to make a quotation which
bears not only upon tho character of this as a
direct tax, but also upon the inequality of the
tax, and I wish to show the view which was
taken by the framers of the Constitution, by
those who were considering its adoption, as to
the effects of a direct tax, and as to the meas-
ures which would be justified on the part of
the people if there weie to be any other than
equal and uniform taxation under the Federal
Constitution. I quote tiie language of Gov-
ernor Randolph, pages 04, 9-3 :
"The difficulty of justly apportioning the taxes
among tho States under the present svstern has been
complained of; tho rule of apportionment being the
value of all lands and improvements within the State,
the inequality between the rich lands of James river
and the barrens of Massaehus'ul^has been tiiougut _i.o
militate against Virginia. If taxes could he laid
according to the real value, no inconvenience could
follow • but from a variety of reasons this value was
very difficult to bo ascertained; and an error in tho
estimation must necessarily have been oppressive to
a part of the community, tint in this new constitu-
tion there is a more just and equitable rule fixed, a
limitation beyond which they cannot go. liepre-
sentatives and taxes go hand in hand; according to
the one will tho other bo regulated. The number of
Representatives is determined by the number of
the inhabitants; they have nothing to do but to lay
taxes accordingly. I will illustrate it by a familiar
example. At present, before the people are actually
numbered, tiie number of Representatives is sixty-
five; of this number Virginia has a right to send
ten; consequently, she will have to pay ten parts
out, of sixty-live partsof any sum that may beneces-
sary to be raised by Congress. This, sir, is the line.
Can Congress go beyond the bounds proscribed in the
Constitution ? Has Congress a power to say tha t, she
shall pay fifteen parts out of sixty-five parts? Were
they to assume such a power, it would be a usurpa-
tion so glaring that rebellion would be the immediato
consequence."
Now, Mr. President, I feel at liberty to speak
upon this particular view oftho subject, because
upon comparing the income tax paid by the
several States I find that., taking the proportion
of the population of my own State, making it
at about four millions, we pay, perhaps, our
fair proportion of the income tax of the United
States, taking the whole State together. But,
when I look at other States, I find that the
State of New York is exactly in the position,
if not in a worse position, than the one given
by way of illustration by Governor Randolph,
in which he says that to impose a tax of that
character, so as to make a State which would
be entitled, for instance, to ono tenth of tho
representation, to pay one fifth of the taxation,
wou-ld justify rebellion. The State of New
York—'am 1 right in saying—has five million
people?
Mr. CONKL1NG. Pour million six hundred
thousand.
Mr. SCOTT. The State of New York, with
a population of four million six hundred thou-
sand, very little more than one tenth of the
population of the United States, pays thirty-
one per cent, of the income tax. With thirty-
one liepresentatives out of two hundred and
thirty-three I belicvo she pays very nearly a
third of all the income tax of the United States.
Ill considering this very question _ Governor
Randolph, in the Virginia convention, citing
the representation of Virginia at that timo in
Congress, and tho proportion that would be
levied upon her, says that if Congress were to
undertake to impose any other rule in any gen-
eral tax that, would be imposed upon the Uni-
ted States it would be a case that would justify
rebellion. I trust, sir, that no one here will
advocate rebellion; I will not. I trust that when
we come to look at this question fairly in the
Senate the inequality, the injustice, and the
demoralizing character of this tax will be so
apparent that the States which are called upon
to pay the least of it will be the first to come
up magnanimously and say that they do not
askthatothers shall bear a burden which should
be equally apportioned.
Now, Mr. President, I go one step further
in tbjs historical argument. Having traced the
legal decisions to an historical basis, I have
quoted these opinions against it. That the
light in which I have been viewing it was the
light in which the people and the convention
viewed it is further evident from the language
of all the States which proposed amendments.
1 have already referred to the fact that Patrick
Henry proposed that requisitions should bo
first made on the States, and after the requisi-
tions wore disregarded, then direct taxation
might be resorted to. Now, keeping that in
view, let. us look at thesefacts. Delaware, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Georgia ratified un-
conditionally. But now turn to the journal
of the Federal Convention—I will not weary
the Senate by reading from it, but I refer mem-
bers to it—andin that journal we find on page
403 that Massachusetts requests that ''Con-
gress do not lay direct taxes, but when the
moneys arising from the impost and excise are
insufficient for the public exigencies."
I have already called attention to the fact
that in all these debates there were but two
classes of taxation considered: first, the im-
