1870.
thb congressional globe.
3417
it is used to but very little extent. The cases
of those watches are made of a composite
metal, known in the trade as "composition
metal." They are watches made in imitation
of gold; but they do not contain any such ex-
pensive metal as the gentleman speaks of, ex-
cept to a very limited extent. The production
of this metal was undertaken in Williamsburg,
Jsew York, and it was successfully produced
there; that is, so far as science is concerned,
but not successfully so far as pecuniary remun-
eration is coucerned. It is not now produced
anywhere in this country, so far as it may be
consideredasuccessin business. But to prevent
ns from importing this metal into this country,
and gradually introducing it into the arts, as it
is the desire of the various artisans of the ooun-
try to do, would be a hardship upon our me-
chanics. The formula and implements so far
known, and used for extracting it, do not pro-
duce it cheaply, yet these gentlemen would
double the tariff on it for fear that somebody
in France or some other country shall find oat
a way of producing it cheap enough for our
artisans to adopt it. It cannot be pretended
that this duty is for the protection of any home
industry, for there is no such industry in the
country to protect. It was one of the sharp
dodges of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
placing it in the previous paragraph after debate
had been closed by consent, so that the oppres-.
sion his amendment would work could not be
exposed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw my amendment if some gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment,
and will say that the remarks of the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] admit the
whole case. He admits that this metal is pro-
duced, that it is used, and that we do not pro-
duce it, although it lies in every clay-bank. It
would be an invaluable addition to our list of
metals. Its ductility would give us a new and
invaluable wire. In combination with copper
it makes an imitation of gold which it requires
almost scientiGc skill to distinguish from gold
itself. The only means of testing it is by a
combination of some saline matter with an
Bcid, for ordinary acids will not affect it.
Tbere is probably not a single duty that could
be imposed that would add that which is more
valuable to the mechanic arts of the country
than this. The gentleman from New Jersey
says this duty would prohibit its introduction
into this country. Already works for its pro-
duction are struggling into existence, and if
properly encouraged in less than one year this
country would be able to supply itself, not at
the enormous price at which it is imported,
but at one half or one fourth of that price, at
the same time utilizing the clay from our banks,
employing our labor, consuming our fuel, and
adding generally to the interests of the country.
I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] for having brought this matter
to the attention of the-Committee of the Whole
by the amend merit her has offered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. This new
article, or this new word, baa a great deal of
meaning in it. It compels us who are on the
watch here not only to study our dictionaries,
but to look far and wide into its history.
I do not wonder the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kei.ley] thanks the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] for propos-
ing this high duty upon aluminium or alumi-
num. In Ure's Chemical Dictionary will be
found this heading to a paragraph: " Prepar-
ation of aluminium from kryolite." Now, if
you will look a little further along in this bill
you will find that it is proposed to admit kryo-
lite almost duty free, at a very low rate of duty
ad valorem, If you look into the history of
I the Pennsylvania Salt Company, as contained
I in this yellow book which I hold in my hand,
Jou will find that this company has the abso-
I late monopoly of kryolite.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman has mistaken the sub-
ject. We are not considering kryolite.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am discuss-
ing aluminium. If the gentleman will study
his books on chemistry he will see the very
close relation between aluminium and kryolite.
Mr. KELLEY. Aluminium cannot be pro-
duced from kryolite.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Here is Ure's
Dictionary, which speaks of "a preparation
of aluminium from kryolite." This is a better
authority than the gentleman.
Mr. KELLEY. It is prepared from the
ordinary clay of the brick-yard.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Now let me
read from this yellow book, which emanates
from the Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing
Company:
"The process of manufacturing both soda and
aluminafrom kryolite consists, theoretically, in caus-
ing the fluorine to enter into combinations with other
bases, lea,vine the sodium to form new combinat ions,
the kryolite being a fluoride of sodium and alumi-
nium. The base with which the fluorine has been
found most readily andeuonomicaily to unite is cal-
cium, with which it forms a fluoride entirely insol-
uble, while the sodium and aluminium both absorb
oxygen, becoming soda and alumina, and uniting,
form aluminate of soda, which is Soluble in Water."
And the secret of all this is that aluminate
of soda is the saponitier of the Pennsylvania
Salt Manufacturing Company, which produces
annually 80,000,000 pounds of soap, used by
our people, mainly in the West. 1 have thus
taken the cover from the cat under the meal
and exposed it to the view of the whole House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the motion to close debate.
On the question there were—ayes 62, noes
30; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cessna, and
Mr. Brooks of New Ycrk%ere appointed.
Thecommitteedivided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 93, noes 23.
So the motion to close debate was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 81, noes 36.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for
tellers.
• Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks, of
New York, and Mr. Maynard were appointed.
Thecommitteedivided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 79, noes 36.
So the'amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows: .
On zinc, spelter, and teutenegue, in blocks or pigs,
2 cents per pound.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend the paragraph just read by reducing the
rate of duty to lj cents per pound, which is
the existing rate. I see' no reason for an
increase of the dnty unless there is something
in it for the interest of Connecticut, by the
granting of which Pennsylvania is bound to
redeem her bargain with Connecticut. I do
riot think that Connecticut, has obtained enough
by the arrangement. After the high rate of
duty on nickel I think Waterbury will not be
treated fairly unless she receives a protection
of 40 or 45 per cent. Whether zinc, spelter*
and teutenegue are mixed up in this bargain I
do not know; but I wish to call the attention
of the House to the fact that this paragraph
proposes an increase of half a cent per pound
on the existing duty.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to say that Connec-
ticut has no possible interest in this m&tter.
The works where these articles are produced
are chiefly at Newark, Jersey City, Trenton,
and Bergen, New Jersey; Bethlehem and Bir-
mingham, Pennsylvania; Knoxville, Tennes-
see, and Mineral Point, Wisconsin.
Mr. MAYNARD. And in Western Virginia.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes; Western Virginia.
Connecticut is a large consumer of this article.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. The gentleman
has forgotten the establishments at, La Salle,
Illinois.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes; I omitted to mention
two large establishments at La Salle, Illinois,
perhaps the largest in the country. Hence,
when the gentleman from New York berates
Pennsylvania and Connecticut in this connec-
tion, he shoots very wide of the mark.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to state that ac-
cording to the custom-house returns, the duty
proposed in this paragraph is exactly equiva-
lent to 40 percent. advalorem. The experience
of the zinc works in the portion of the country
from which I come demonstrates clearly and
conclusively the necessity for such a duty,
which is no more than we have imposed upon
albata, white metal, &c. The Committee of
Ways and Means have thought it proper that
this important interest should have this amount
of protection. I do not suppose that Connec-
ticut has any concern in the matter. Her
interest would rather be on the side of the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. COX. I renew the amendment for the
purpose of making some remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has
not been withdrawn.
Mr. COX. Well, then, I move to amend
the amendment by striking out " 1$" and
inserting " l£."
Mr. SCHENCK. I was aboot to say that
I hoped the gentleman would be allowed to
speak, as he did not speak at all on the last
paragraph. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I intend to speak on these para-
graphs just as often as I deem it proper, in
order to get or to give information. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] in his
rather threatening remarks this morning in
regard to those who are opposing this bill item
by item, said that if we would only reserve our
opposition and vote against the bill as a whole
it would be all right. That is a very strange
sort of parliamentary ethics! Gentlemen who
do not believe in the principle upon which this
bill is based, who do not believe in what has
already been adopted, and who cannot get
their amendments attached to the bill at any
stage of this proceeding, are to be precluded
from making any amendments because they
expect in the end to vote against the measure (
Such was the idea thrown out by the gentle-
man from Ohio this morning. He intimated
besides that some of us have spoken rather
freely on this bill and its various paragraphs.
He would, I presume, have our months closed
so the enormities of this tariff should go through
unexposed. I for one expect to offer amend-
ments so long as the people take an interest
in these matters, whether Congressmen do or
not. Yes, sir; the people do watch these
proceedings and the uncovering of the insid-
ious portions of this bill, as was done just now
in reference to aluminium. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] said that
we did not know anything at all about it, and
yet he did not pronounce the word right. He
pronounced it aluminium, when aluminium is
what the dictionary calls it.
In reference to this matter of teutenegue I
should like to have some information. When
we are called upon to vote here we ought to
know what we are voting on. This is a sort
of Chinese copper I am. told; bat the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley J does
not tell us there are any manufactories in Ten-
nessee, or in Pennsylvania, of this kind of
copper. In the first place it is not fixed right
here in the nomenclature of the bill. It is not
the way to spell it according to Webster. When
we get up here with a dictionary, either Ure'a
or Webster's Dictionary, and undertake to im-
part a little information to the committee, I
insist that we are not to be Bnnbbed by the
chairman of the Committee *f Ways and:
