1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4361
j he yeas and nays were refused; only seven-
teen Members voting in favor thereof.
I he question was put; and the House re-
fused to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The motion to reconsider was then agreed
to- -ayes 8b, noes 34.
ihe question was then again taken on the
a,meiic.merit offered by Mr. IIoar to the amend-
meiu of tne Committee on Appropriations;
and was disagreed to.
j. lie question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Appropriations to the amendment of the Sen-
ate ; and being taken, it was agreed to.
ihe amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
.in-. \\ ILSON, of Ohio. I gave notice yes-
terday t.iat I desired a separate vote on certain
amendments of the Senate.
ihe SPLAKEIi. The gentleman will indi-
cate them.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. They are amend-
ments numbered 17-1 to 182 inclusive, and
relate to appropriations for the Agricultural
Department.
The amendments were as follows:
Nos. 1,4 and 175, .shike out. under the head of
uopi-.rtment of Agriculture," ihe words "three
lemale copyists, at ^iiUO each " and insert in lieu the
woia.-i ^lour copyists at SIX'OO each."
O.ITG, after ihoworda " making m all " strike out
ku,hii<2l' and insert 5,72,170."
ie. 1(7. in the elauso which reads "for keen of
hmse-i, 5ii« ' Ftrike out "horse, MOO" and insert
horse.". 41.500."
. ^°-v"S'.!n olauso_v.'hich reads "for new furnhuro,
eti lfeo out $20!) ' and inset " $t,0tu"
2vo«17!), in clause which rends 'Tor eases for the
iinrsuv,S50U,"stukcout""?5lM " awl insert 'Wl.OOO "
No. ISO, in the eiauso which reads " l'or collections
lor the lierbanuin, iDUO," fctnko out";;50G" and m-
fc " 1>1 Ji00/f
xXo<. 181 and 1S2, insert tlio following additional
cijiuses:
For incidental and miscellaneous items, &3.000.
IVv i-njpor, twine, gum, and ncccisary material?
for folding-room, &o9u.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended that l-JI those amendments be non-
concurred i:i.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. 1 desire to ask the
Fo u?« to concur in these amendments of the
Senate. I wish members to distinctly under-
stand ilia; there is only a little over §4,000
involved in these amendments, and they are
absolutely indispensable to the efficiency of
the Agricultural Department. I trust this
House will also bear in mind that when this
bill was up for consideration in this House in
Committee of the Whole, debate was cat off
this portion of it upon the motion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes,] and no amendment to that portiou
of the bill was agreed to after that motion wag
made.
Now, if these amendments of the Senate shall
be concurred in the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture v,'ill not then get any where near the amount
for which he estimated. He will get only about
four thousand two hundred dollars in addition
to what was given to him in the bill as it ori-
ginally passed the House. These additions are
leally necessary ; there can be no doubt about
that. I hope and trust the House is not dis-
posed to withhold this amount from a Depart-
ment which is distinguished, if for any one
thing above another, for the practice of strict
economy in its expenditures.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill as it passed the
lloase provided for "three female copyists, at
$900 each." The Senate propose to amend it
so as to provide far "four copyists, at $1,000
each." That is, the Senate provide for four
men a.t $1,000 each, where we provide for three
women at pSOO each.
Mr. DAWES. That is it precisely.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I understand that
tile copyists are still to be females.
Mr. DAWKS. No; itistog'nc men $100
a year more in this Department than is paid
copyists iu othc-r Departments.
Air. WILSON, of Ohio. It' it is desired to
take up these amendments item by item, I have
no objection. ]f I had supposed thatthe House
would bear with me I would have done so in
the first place and explained the whole matter.
i>ut I did not propose to take up the time of
the House in that way. So far as the amend-
ment is concerned to which the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
has alluded, I will say that I do not know that
it is a matter of any great importance, and per-
haps it would be well to adopt the recommend*
ation of the Committee on Appropriations, and
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate in
relation to copyists. I ask the gentleman if
ne objects to concurring in the other amend
merits o\ the Senate to which I have referred ?
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations thought they had satisfied the Com-
missioner of Agriculture in regard to this mat-
ter. There is no Department with which they
have been so liberal as they have been with the
Department of Agriculture. There is none in
which they have taken such personal interest,
ajid to which their attention has been person-
ally called so much as to that Department.
I rom time to time, since this bill was reported
ou the 14th of January, the Commissioner of
Agriculture has come to us and induced us to
add appropriations to other bills. And a few
days ago the committee had great satisfaction
in adding, iu a most liberal spirit, ail appropri-
ation to the sundry civil appropriation bill.
Just as they were going to close up the bill,
the Commissioner of Agriculture came to us
again, and after apologizing for the frequency
ot liis visits, said that if we would give him a
certain appropriation he would make his bow to
the Committee on Appropriations and say that
wo had treated him handsomely. And ve did
give him that appropriation.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I will modify my
proposition by leaving oat the amendments
of the Senate relating to copyists, and ask the
House to concur in the amendments of the
Senate from No. 177 to No. 1S2, inclusive.
Mr. FAllNSWOUTil. I move to amend the
amendments of the Senate by adding §1,000,
simply for the purpose of saying that it seems
to me the House ought to pay some regard to
the representations of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Wilson,] the chairman of the Committee
on Agriculture. Notwithstanding any private
conversation which may have taken place be-
tween thcchairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations and the Commissioner of Agriculture,
a matter of which this House oOicially knows
nothing, I insist that the chairman of the
Committee on Agriculture [Mr. Wilson, of
Ohio,] ought to be presumed to know some-
thing about the wants of that Department; and
when he says that the Commissioner needs an
additional copyist or an increased appropria-
tion for the. keep of a horse, it seems to me
it is a very small business on the part of the
Committee on Appropriations or of the House
to higgle over it, when, in the opinion of the
Committee on Agriculture the appropriation
is necessary. It is certainly treating the chair-
man of that committee with great disrespect
to refuse to concur in a small amendment of
this sort when he asks concurrence. I with-
draw my amendment.
Jlr. DICKEY. I wish to say that I have
from the beginning stood sponsor for the Com-
missioner of Agriculture in the Committee on
Appropriations, and that he has received larger
appropriations in proportion to his estimates
than any other Department. We have given
him nearly everything he asked. We have
authorized the building of a greenhouse for
liis Department; we have increased his appro-
priations over those of last year and those
of the preceding year. After wo have thus
given him everything he asked, I think the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture, in
urging us to agree to these additional appro-
priations made in the Senate, is asking a little
too much.
Mr. BOYD. I renew the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fabnsworth,] in
order that I may make some statements with
regard to the Department of Agriculture.
Coming from an agricultural as well as a min-
eral district, I have never seen any of the
advantages of that Department dispensed- in
tny district, though large appropriations have
annually been made for carrying on this estab-
lishment.
I feel it my duty to speak of some of these
?PSl'°P"Jtlons- There is an appropriation of
lov monthly reports. Those monthly
repoits aro sent to perhaps four or five per-
sons in each congressional district; and they
are never read. The $15,000 appropriated
annually for the publication of these monthly
reports is expended unnecessarily.
Then we find here an appropriation of §1,500
for the keep of horses. When we go home to
our constituents we shall be asked the mean-
ing of this item; and I think very few of us
will bo able to answer that question. The
House thought S400 a sufficient appropriation
for this item. 'The Senate has voted $1,000.
Is it a fact that we are to pay for the carriages
j and the' horses of bureau and Department
I officers? If so. I want to know it.
Mi;. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man whether the farmers of his district, where
it is to be presumed the provender of horses
is very cheap indeed, can keep six horses in
feed, shoes, and harness for $-100 a year?
Mr. BOYD. Do we not pay this Commis-
sioner a salary? Do we not pat at his disposal
a contingent, fund? I want to know whether
the chairman of the Committee on Agriculture
insists that the people of this country shall
give this Commissioner a carriage and four
horses? [Laughter.] If that is what is desired
let the people understand it. I am not in favor
of any such thing.
Furthermore, we make appropriations for
the distribution of seed through this Depart-
ment, of Agriculture. Why, sir, at Ames'is seed
store, in Boston, any one can buy for $150
a larger quantity of seed really valuable to
the farming community thau are distributed
through this Department at an expense of
$20,000 annually.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, when the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Boyu] obtained tho
floor to discuss this question, L inquired of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wilson,] the chair-
man of tho Committee on Agriculture, whether
the gentleman from Missouri was a member of
that committee? If I had waited a few mo-
ments I would have ascertained from tho tenor
of his remarks that he is not. Nor does he
properly represent the great agricultural inter-
est of this country.
Mr. Speaker, if there is any branch of the
public service that has been managed with
strict economy and with special regard to the
interests of the people, it is, in my judgment,
the Department of Agriculture. As to the dis-
tribution of seed, to which the gentleman from
Missouri lias referred, I believe that the seeds
distributed by that Department through the
mails have vastly enhanced the value of our
crops.
Mr. BOYD. Has it not been proved to
the satisfaction of the country that no public
benefit whatever has been derived from this
Agricultural Denartment?
Mr. BENTON. Not at all.
Mr. BOYD. And is it not known that the
sorghum seed  
Mr. BENTON. I do not yield for the gen-
tleman to inject a speech into mine; but I will
answer his interrogatory. He inquires whether
it has not been proved that the distribution of
seeds through this Department has resulted in
no benefit to the people of the country. In
putting such an inquiry, the gentleman showa
he does not understand the subject. The reports
to be found in tho Agricultural Department
show an increase in our crops all over the
country, amounting in many cases to fifty per
