1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
one of said oaths or affirmations above provided shall
not be admitted to 4 seat in said senate or house of
representatives, ortoaparticipation intheproooed-
ings thereof, but shall be deemed ineligible to such
scats.
' I ask the able jurist from Oregon if this is
not an ex post facto law ? Sir, the forfeiture
of a man's office is a penalty and a punishment,
so decided "by the Supreme Court in the Mis-
souri case two or three years ago, and it is a
punishment move grievious than confinement
by .deprivation of personal liberty or forfeiture
of property. It is a penalty.; it is a punish-
ment ; and it makes that a penal offense and
punishes it afterward which waa not a crime
when this Legislature,was elected.
Sir, in the exercise of more than imperial
power the Congress of the United States pro-
ceeded to reconstruct' Georgia. It proclaimed
the terms upon which G-eorgia should be recon-
structed. It defined who should be the people
of the State of Georgia, and all the power to
be exercised by that people. The people of
Georgia, in the sense m which that phrase is
used by the Constitution, means the people
of that State who are vested with political
power; but .Gongress proceeded to declare
that all the negroes should share political
power. It proceeded to prescribe Bow the
elections should take place,what should be the
qualifications of the candidates for office, but it
did not prescribe as one of the qualifications
even the forms of oath or affirmation that aro
set forth in this section of the bill.
Then the people of Georgia had the right to
assume that every obligation imposed upon
them by the authority and laws of Congress
was expressed in the reconstruction-act. Now
it is proposed a^er that Legislature has con-
vened and organized and proceeded to perform
its official duties^ and adjourned sine die, to
prescribe an oath' in two different forms, to be
taken by the members of the Legislature when
(heir pro-consul shall reassemble them, and to
declare that the effects, the penal consequences,
the punishment resulting Irom inability or re-
fusal or neglect to tako these oaths shall bo
the forfeiture of office. Sir, I ask in the namo
of reason, of justice,, and of statesmanship,
where does the Congress of the United States
derive its power to pass a bill containing such
a provision? Some of those members of the
Legislature many have removed from their
counties or the State ,• others may havo com-
mitted offenses that forfeited their right to hold
office; but without regard to any of those con-
siderations this potential Governor is to call
them up all together and make them all tako
the oath; and if they do not, all of them aro
to forfeit their offices.
But the bill proceeds :
Sbu. i. And bt/it further enacted. That tho per-
sons elected as aforesaid, and entitled to compose
such legislature, and who shall comply with the pro-
visions of this aet, by taking ono of tho oaths or
uilirniiitions above prescribed, shall thereupon pro-
ceed, in said senate mid houso of representatives to
which they hare been elected, respectively, to reor-
KauiBO said senate and bouso of representatives,
respectively, by tho oleel ion of tho proper officers of
each house.
Why, sir, these men had done that thing bo-
fore. Who has the right to call upon the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United
States Congress to organize, and after they have
organized who has the right to pass a law direct-
ing some tool to reassemble them and command
ihem to reorganize again? I havo been led to
believe that it was a universal principle and
trutli of legislative bodies, not only that every
legislative body, but that each legislative branch
of every legislative body had an unquestioned
power to organize for itself according to its own
reasons and judgment and will; that there was
no power on earth to command them to undo
what they had done, and not only to command
them to undo what they had done, but to do
it again, and to do it again in the form pre-
tcribed by this arrogant, superior power. I
ask the honorable Senator from Oregon, is that
a legislative power that properly belongs to Use
Congress of the United Slates to revise and
nullify the organization of the two houses of
the Legislature of Georgia ? Is it a legislative
power of Congress not only to command that
they shall reassemble, but when they do reas-
semble that they shall consider their previous
organization and everything that they have
done in pursuance of it as void, and that they
shall proceed to another organization upon the
terms and conditions prescribed by Congress
itself?
Doesnot Congress propose in fact and effect to
do this thing itself? When they order others to
do it according to their will, according to their
caprice, according to the form that they pre-
scribe, is it any more than doing it themselves?
Why, then, all this circumlocution ? Why this
substitution of any agency ? Why this increased
expenditure? Why does Congress direct this
legislative body to be called together at all ?
Why does it intervene the mockery of any
Legislature about it? Why does it not just
proceed and do the thing itself by its own
action, by its own resolution? Sir, I do not like
this circumlocution. I believe in an open, fair
field. I believe in the position and tactics of
the honorable Senator from Indiana. He is for
doing openly and by explicit declaration the
thing which other gentlemen wish to perform
covertly, Ilis tactics are much more moral and
manly. Why does not the Congress of the
United States follow his courage and his spirit,
and instead of orderiug this thing to be done
by a reconvention of the Legislature of that
State and the wiping out of all it has done, and
then doing according to the order of Congress,
do tho thing directly in its own way ? If it has
tho power to invent this agency it has the power
to do it itself, and it wonld be more manly and
more honest to do it directly and by itself than
sltulkingly to intervene under an irresponsible
agency.
But, sir, section six of the bill provides:
Sue. (>. And be it further enacted. That it is horoby
declared that tho exclusion of any person or persons
eleetod as aforesaid, and being otherwise c|tnililied,
from-partioipation in tho proceeding of said aonato
or house of representatives, upon tho [(round of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude, would bo
illegal and revolutionary, and is hereby prohibited.
Sir, is Ihero anything more revolutionary
than that provision? Where is your authority
to pass such a provision and to impose it upon
the Legislature of Georgia? Have you not alt
contended that it is tho unquestioned, the un-
rcviscd power and authority of every legisla-
tive body to pass upon the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members? If iu
the varying course of events some power should
arise in this country at tho head of armies to
prescribe such a provision as this to the Senate
of the United States, to sweep away its organ-
isation and to organize it upon principles dic-
tated by itself, would the honorable Senator
from Oregon justify it? Would he submit to
such a power? How could ho stand up and
object, to it and denounce it and resist it
when ho is ready to exercise it himself against
tho Legislature of Georgia.
But tho bill proceeds further:
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That upon tho
application of the Governor of Georgia tho President
of tho United States shall employ such military or
naval foroes of tho United States as may be neces-
sary to enforce aiul exocuto the provisions of this
act.
Suppose when the Legislature are called
together they will not reorganize, suppose they
will not take these oaths, or suppose they were
to take the oaths and should not readmit the
negro representatives, as they ought not to do,
what then? By all the rights of humanity, by
all tho claims of humanity, by every recollec-
tion of freedom for which our fathers fought,
they ought not to submit to any such terms.
Suppose they did not, what would tho honor-
able Senator do then, following the lead of his
President, with tho armies and the navies of
the United States ? Would he march a hanger-
on to the camp to see such an order as that
executed? Would it be right for the Presi-
dent to interpose the military and naval power
of the United States for any such purpose?
Would that be within the pale of his power,
of his discretion? He is sworn to preserve,
protect, and defend the Constitution of the
United States. Here is an ex post facto fea-
ture in this law. It might be made much more
heinous and atrocious and penal than it is.
Supposeitwas made entirely so ; the President
has avowed that lie will proceed to execute the
laws of Congress. I ask the constitutional
lawyer from the Pacific slope, learned in the
profession, strong in intellect, powerful in rea-
son, this question: suppose the Congress of the
United States should pass an explicitly ex post
facto law, outrageously so; the declaration of
the wise and sapient man who sits at the other
end of the avenue is, that he would execute it;
suppose you call upon him in the terms of this
section to intervene the armies and navies of
the United States to enforce it, would it be his
duty to enforce it? Would he not commit offi-
cial tyranny? Would he not violate the oath
which he has so solemnly taken to protect,
defend, and preserve the Constitution of tho
United States, if he was to attempt to enforce
that law? He would. The law would be a
violation of the Constitution. It would be an
outrage upon American liberty; such an out-
rage that every man whose rights were threat-
ened by it would be justified by all the laws of
the land and of humanity in resisting it to the
utmost of his power; ana if tho President were
to execute it he would be guilty of a high crime,
for which, if the laws were, as they ought to be,
faithfully executed, he would bo brought to
condign punishment.
But the bill proceeds further :
Sec, 8. And beit further enacted, That tile Legisla-
ture of Georgia shall be regarded as provisional only
until tho further action of Congress.
I believe that is the end of this stick.
[Laughter.] I expect the honorable Senator
from Oregon, instead of acting and continuing
to act as the priest, will begin to think after a
while that he is the Josh. I reckon he will
make a pretty good Josh. At any rate, ho is
very wilting, and I have no doubt exceedingly
dexterous and expert in throwing up the sticks.
He has had a good deal of experience and
practice in that duty since ho has been in tho
Senate, and I think he is one of the most skill-
ful adepts that I am acquainted with. I honor
the honorable Senator's intellect, his endow-
ments, tho acquisition of his learning, and his
studies, his attainments in the science of tho
law. The best defenders of law and order
and liberty that have ever lived in this world
have been tho lawyers until they become par-
tisan politicians, and then they are like fair
womenfwithout discretion. Instead of strength-
ening the cause of human freedom, of enlight-
ened and manly freedom, they become its most
insidious and dangerous opponents.
Mr. President, I have said that I admire the
direct and manly course of the able and frank
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] Hegoes
straightforward to his work with a somewhat
rugged butslronghand, and witha strong head,
too. Ho proposes to declare by his amend-
ment—
Ttnit Iho Legislature shall be provisional only, and
until after it has ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to tho Constitution of the United States,
and Senators and Kepresentatives in Congress from
the State of Georgia havo been admitted to theirseats.
The honorable Senator from Indiana does
not profess that this is a free act that is tendered
to the Legislature of that State. He does not
pretend that it holds out any freedom of action
to tlieni. Tho honorable Senators from Wis-
consin and Vermont say it is too plain and
explicit, though in its verbiage, upon its face,
that it means no more, and would be no more
effective, than the provision in the amendment
which was reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary. If it is just as constraining, justas
coercing, just as compelling, why the mockcry
of disputing about the phrase in which it shall
be couched? The other gentlemen concede
that it would have the effect of coercion, and
