1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2473
place the tariff duty, as in this bill, at $2 per
pound, and 25 per cent, ad valorem, and the
House proposed to restore the §3. The com-
mittee then said that if the House would agree
to §2 50 and 50 per cent, ad valorem, they
would agree to that, and let it be a finality.
Now, if there be not some good reason for dis-
turbing this arrangement, why do so? The
duty now stands at $2 50, and I propose my
amendment to continue it at that figure. The
gentleman says that the average cost of im-
ported cigars to-day is $30 per thousand. I
understand it be $25. Now, your manufac-
turer has to pay 35 cents a pound on every
pound of the leaf which he imports. If he
takes that leaf as he purchases it in this coun-
try, it will take 88 pounds to make a thousand
cigars, and on that quantity ho will pay a duty
of $13 30 in gold. But, if he takes the leaf
after it has been stripped, and uses 28 pounds,
then the duty which he pays on it is SO 80.
No one will claim that 1,000 cigars can be
made with a less quantity. This leaves only
$18 45 to protect the manufacturers in this
country, while the cigars cost them about $95
a thousand. The gentleman has referred to
the advantage given to the manufacturer. But
he knows very well, and there is not a man m
the House but knows that it is an impossibility
to make a good cigar unless you use some of
the imported leaf. Therefore the manufacturer
imports leaf to use it in combination with our
own leaf. The gentleman says that the man-
ufacturer does not generally make use of Ha-
vana tobacco. But if he does use it, he has a
duty to pay of $13 30 in gold, making a dif-
ference of only §18 on a cigar which costs
$100 a thousand.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWE3. Mr. Chairman, I do not un-
derstand the gentleman from Ohio who has
charge of this bill to propose this reduction in
duty because he is opposed to the high duty
that now exists, or to the one that existed
before the present duty was fixed. He is not
opposed to a high duty upon this article, but
ho desires to prevent smuggling. And, as has
been stated by my colleague, [Mr. Washburn,]
he did two years ago propose, and the House
adopted his suggestion, to reduce the tariff a
little upon this article for that purpose. And
what has been the result? Has he got any
more revenue? Has there been any less smug-
gling under the present than under the former
duty? I hear everybody talking about the
internal revenue and looking forward anxiously
to the time when it will be all levied upon to-
bacco and spirits. But here, so far as the duty
on importations is concerned, my friend from
Ohio proposes to reduce it to the lowest possi-
ble point upon the manufactured article, leaving
raw material to come in at the old duty; so
that every penny which he takes off from the
manufactured article is to that extent a dis-
crimination against the laborer in Massachu-
setts and in Ohio and in Pennsylvania, and
everywhere else where a cigar is made, livery
man employed in the manufacture of cigars is
discriminated against. And the tariff now pro-
posed is in favor of the foreign manufacturer
just to the extent that it affects the revenue
by this reduction.
Now, it so happens that under the former
reduction to the point at which the duty now
stands, as compared with the previous duty,
wo have got scarcely a dollar's difference in the
total. If you look at the total of the revenue
received uuder the existing law, and the total
received under the law proposed to be restored
by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Stp.oxg,] you will find that you will gain noth-
ing by the reduction. The gentleman from
Ohio has not, by that reduction, prevented
smuggling; for, so far, we have not got any
more revenue. But he has to that extent given
the foreigner who manufactures tobacco into
cigars the advantage over the man who works
in his shop here in the United States at the
same employment. I trust, Mr. Chairman,
that unless there is some benefit that has not
been disclosed yet my friend, if he is going
to reduce the amount of duty upon the manu-
factured article, will bring the raw material
down in the same proportion, and not fall back
upon the principle on which the tariff of 1846
was framed—to put the duty upon the raw ma>
terial and let the manufactured article come
in free.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it for the pur-
pose of saying a word or two.. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] proves
a little too much. He says that it was claimed
in 1868 that if we would lower the tariff we
would prevent smuggling, and he asks, what
was the result? Why, he says that you have
not got a dollar more than you did under the
old law; that is, at $2 50 per pound and 25
per cent, ad valorem you have not got a dol-
lar more than you did at $3 a pound and 50 per
cent, ad valorem. Well, I admit that we have
not got a dollar more and we have got very
little less. It has turned out almost the same.
The difference is between $1,117,000.in the
one case and $1,111,000. What then? Why,
it proves that smuggling must have been
stopped. The low duty has produced as much
as the higli duty. The $2 50 per pound and
25 per cent, ad valorem have produced just
about as much as the $3 per pound and 50
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. DAWES. It also proves that enough
more cigars came in to make up the difference
in duty, and therefore that there were fewer
manufactured here.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I do not care
upon what ground you place it. It proves that
we have reached nearly the revenue point. It
proves that by a lower tariff we have obtained
as much money, and that is a little more, I
think, than the gentleman from Massachusetts
meant to prove. Now, 1 am as much in favor
of protecting the tobacco interest, not merely
the tobacco and cigar manufacturers but the
tobacco-growers also, as any gentleman can
be. I represent a very large interest of this
kind in my. district. Almost all over itwegrow
tobacco, and almost all over it, and especially
in the city of my own residence, we manufac-
ture it into cigars; but there is no disposition
upon the part of the Committee of Ways and
Means to cut down or injure in any way this
interest. They do believe that by reducing the
duty to $2 a pound and 25 per cent, ad valo-
rem, so as to afford full and sufficient protection
and at, the same time keeping up a correspond-
ing protection upon the leaf in favor of the
tobacco-growers, they neither hurt the cigar-
manufacturers nor will they hurt the tobacco-
growers, but will leave both interests more
prosperous than they would be under a tax
which in all probability is a little above the
true revenue standard, and which certainly
does promote smuggling more than a lower
duty will promote it.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, what I desire
is to let the law remain as it now is. That is
substantially the amendment of my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. WASnv.v:t:] The argu-
ments in favor of that proposition have been
nearly exhausted. It is not true that because
about the same amount of revenue has been
received under the change of law therefore the
smuggling is less. That was very well an-
swered by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Allow me to correct my
figures. I find that after the passage of the
new law we got $1,237,000 altogether.
Mr. DICKEY. I would ask right there if
that was not the largest revenue ever derived
from the tariff on cigars except in 18G6?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes,sir; larger than what
wo got when the tariff was higher.
Mr. MYERS. It is true that the sum of
$1,237,500 was realized under the present Iaw?
but $125,000 of that came from cigars in bond
under the old law. The revenues are about
as large under the new law, because the duties
having been decreased as a matter of course
more cigars come in. Now, Mr. Chairman,
I want to "call the attention of the commit- 1
tee to the fact that year by year, or- at all I
events whenever we have changed the tariff,
we have been taking protection away from the
domestic manufacturers. A few years ago on
the highest priced cigars the duty was $£ and
60 per cent, ad valorem.. Then in 1866 it was
$3 and 50 per cent, ad valorem. Under the
present law, passed July 20, 1808, the duty is
$2 50 per pound and 25 per cent, ad valorem.
it is now proposed suddenly to take away this
protection from our home manufactures. To
that I am opposed. All over the United States
those interested in this manufacture have been
hoping that the rate of duty would be increased
to tho former standard, $3 per pound and 50
per cent, ad valorem,. But I am willing that
the law should be left as it now stands, inas-
much as it is understood all over the country,
and I think this discussion has shown that that,
course should be pursued.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it in order now to
move to strike out this clause?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is in order,
but the question cannot be taken upon it until
all amendments to the clause have first been
disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment, having moved it merely for the purpose
of making some remarks.
Mr. KELLOGG. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of saying that I am in favor of
the amendment offered by my colleague, [Mr.
SmoxG.] 1 find that the revenue derived from
the importations of these articles was greater
when the rate was $3 per pound and 50 per
cent, ad valorem than during the last two years
at a lower rate of duty. The former rate was
changed by a proviso which was smuggled in
some way into the internal revenue law passed in
1868. lti consequence of that change I know
that in my own district a very large number of
cigar manufacturers have been thrown out of
employment. I have here a jjetiiion signed by
something like a hundred cigar-makers who
have been thrown out of employment, and I
know it to be the fact, aside from that petition,
that the businessof cigar-making has decreased
very much during the last two years under tho
operation of this provision of the tariff. There-
fore, for the purpose of protecting cigar manu-
facturers, as well as those agriculturists who
raise tobacco, I am in favor of the amendment
of my colleague.
Sir. PLATT. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stkoxo]
will be adopted, fixing the rate of duty at §3
per pound and 50 per cent, ad valorem. I
think that the experience of the last three
years proves conclusively that when the rate
of duty was what that gentleman proposes we
received at least as much revenue as we have
received under the present rate of duty, and at
the same time the laborer of this country was
protected against the labor of other countries
where tobacco is raised.
Under the old law large quantities of tobacco
in the leaf were imported from Havana and
manufactured into cigars in this country. But
under the present law the manufacture ot
cigars in this country has been very much de-
pressed, and instead of importing leaf tobacco
to be manufactured in this country the man-
ufactured cigars themselves have been imported,
and our own people have been deprived oi the
advantage of themselves ^manufacturing the
cigars. Now, it is not claimed by those gen-
tlemen who favor the reduction of the duty oo
cigars that the Government has derived any
more revenue from this article under the law
as it now stands than it did under the law of
