4362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
cont, as the result of the introduction of foreign
seed distributed through this Department.
Mr. BOYD, I want to ask the gentleman
this question: has it not been satisfactorily
proved on this floor 
Mr. BENTON. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman. I cannot consent that the gentleman
from Missouri shall take up all the time assigned
to me.
Now, a word in regard to these horses to
which the gentleman has alluded. lie must not
forget that there are thirty acres of land at-
tached to the Agricultural Department which
are to be cultivated and improved in the inter-
est of the Government, and those horses are
kept for the purpose of working that land, and
not to carry about the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, as the gentleman has stated. If he
supposes that they are merely for the purpose
of the personal convenience and pleasure of
the Commissioner of Agriculture, if that be
his idea, it only shows that he does not at all
understand this subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to close the debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is on con-
curring in the Senate amendments numbered
from one hundred and seventy-seven to one hun-
dred and eighty-two inclusive, in which the
Committee on Appropriations recommend non-
concurrence.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
56, noes 42; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; aud Mr. Dawes, and
Mr. Wilson* of Ohio, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes (32, noes 43.
Mr. DAWES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I modify my mo-
tion so as not to include the one hundred and
eighty-second amendment, which I understand
is provided for in another section.
The SPEAKER. As modified, the question
will be, " Will the House concur in the amend-
ments of the Senate numbered from one hun-
dred and seventy-seven to one hundred and
eighty-one inclusive," on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 65, not voting
87 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Aspcr, At-
wood, AxtfcJl, Barry, Boatty,Benton, Buck, Roderick
II. Butler, Calkin,Churchill, William T.Clark. Sidney
Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Co burn, Conner, Cowlcs,
Davis,Degener, Donley, Box,Duval, Eia, Eldndgo,
Fiirnsworth, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Getz,
Gibson, Ilambleton, liamill, Harris, Hawkins, Hays,
Hetlin, Ingoisoll, Alexander 11. Jones, Judd. Ivel-
Jojrg, Mayham, McCarthy, McKec, McKenzio,
MUncs, Fiiakim II. Moore, Mungcn, Ncwsham,
O'Neill, Ortb, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck, Perec,
Phelps, Reeves, Roots,Shobor, John A. Smith, Wil-
liam J. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Stradcr, Swann,
Taft'e, TwieheU, Tyner, Upson, Van Jiurn, Ward,
Eugene jtf. Wilson, John T. Wilson,\Vinaiis,\Vitciier,
and Woodward—7S.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Arnell,
Bcainan, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Blair, Booker,
Bovveu, Boyd, James Brooks, Buckley, Buflinton,
B tivchard, Cessna, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Conger, Dawes,
Dickey, Dixon, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fox, Gilftilan,
i/ale, Hamilton, Hawlcy, Hoar, I£olman,Hotchkiss,
Kellcy, Keisey, Kerr, Knapp, Knott, Lafiin, Lewis,
Logan, Marshall, McCrary, McNeely. Mercur, Jesse
II. Moore, Niblaek,Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Prosser,
Randall, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Joseph S. Smith,
Wliliara Smyth, Starkweather, Stoughtnn, Sweeney,
Tillman, Van Auken, William B. Washburn, Wells,
and Wilkinson—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Ayer, Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Boles,George
M.Brooks, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F.Butler, Cake,
Cleveland, Covode, Cox. Crebs, Cuilom, Dickinson,
Dockery, Dyei*, Griswold, Haight, Haldcman, llay,
Ilcaton, Hill, Hoge, Hooper, Jenckes, Johnson,
Thomas L.Jones, Julian, Kctcham.Lash, Lawrence,
Loughridge, Lynch. Maynard, McCormick, McGrew,
William Moore, Morgan, Morpliis, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Myers, Nog ley.
Palmer, Peters, Piatt., Poland, Rico, llidgway, San-
ford, Schenck, Schumaker, Scoficld, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod«Slocum, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Strickland,
Strong, Tanner, Taylor) Town^eml, Tiimblc, Van
Xruiup, Van Wyck, Voorheos, Wallace, Cadwalador
C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Wbitmore, Willard,
Williams, Winchester, and Wood—87.
So the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. BECK. I ask for a separate vote on the
amendment of the Senate numbered one hun-
dred.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the following:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assossors,
assistant assessors, supervisors, detectives, and store-
keepers, together with tho expense of carrying into
effect the various ptovisions of the several acts pro-
viding internal revenue, excepting items otherwise
estimated tor, and for detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons guilty of violating the in-
ternal revenue laws, or conniving at tho same in
cases where such expensesarenototherwiseprovided
for by law, $8,100,000.
And in lieu thereof insert the following :
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assossors,
assistant assessors,supervisors,detectives, andstoro-
keepers, together with the expense ot carrying into
effect the various provisions of tho several acts pro-
viding internal revenue, excepting items otherwise
provided for,$7,000,000: Provided, Thatafter the pas-
sage of this act the proprietors of all internal revenue
bonded warehouses shall pay to the collector the cur-
rent expenses and salaries of storekeepers or other
officers in charge of such warehouses; and the same
when not paid may be collected by the same means
provided for the collection of other taxes; and all
sums so collected in tho nature of reimbursements
to the United States for payments on account of
expenses and salaries of storekeepers or other offi-
cers in charge of such warehouses^ or that may here-
after be so collected, shall bo carried to the credit of
the appropriation for salaries and expenses of col-
lectors, storekeepers, &c.; and the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue and the accounting officers of the
Treasury are hereby authorized and directed to take
the necessary steps to carry this proviso into effect:
And provided further, That the President may at his
discretion divide tho States and Territories respect-
ively into convenient collection districts, or alter the
same, or unite two or more districts or two or more
States or Territories into one district, and may exer-
cise said power from time to time as in his opinion
the public interest may require.
For detecting and bringing to trial and punish-
ment persons guilty of violating the internal revenue
laws, or conniving at the same, in cases where such
expenses are not otherwise provided for by law,
1100,000.
Mr. BECK. I was under tho impression
that the Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence in that amendment
of the Senate; but I see by the report that
such is not the case. I hope it will be non-
concurred in by the House. The amendment,
in my opinion, is delusive and defective, even
if it is the proper mode. All the informa-
tion we have in this House shows that from
that source $1,500,000 was collected. That
was the statement, as I said yesterday, accord-
ing to the report in the Globe, of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] when
he moved to require the distillers to pay the
storekeepers. 1 understand that the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue says that it will not
amount to so much. But the amount, what-
ever it may be, ought to be paid into the
Treasury, and tho storekeepers ought to be
salaried out of it as they are now.
This amendment of the Senate, under pre-
tense of saving $1,000,000, making the amount
$7,000,000 instead of $8,000,000, as set down
in the book of estimates, adopts an indirect
mode of paying these men, namely, through the
collectors of the various districts, and it does
not provide that those collectors shall make
any statement in any form to the Treasury to
show what amounts have been paid, and how
they have paid them, or that we shall get any
information how their accounts are kept. They
may collect six dollars a day for one, three
dollars a day for another, and five dollars a day
for another, and so on, without any uniformity
or accountability. I think we should not con-
cur in th« amendment, or if we do concur there
should be a proviso that the statements I have
indicated should be made.
Mr. SARGENT. In addition to what my
colleague on the committee lias said, I should
like to have the House observe that the pre-
tense that there is a saving of $1,000,000 by
this amendment is a falsehood. It was stated
on the floor of the Senate that they had reduced
the appropriations which passed the House by
$1,000,000 on this item. The factis that while
they may have reduced the amount standing
as an appropriation, they have not reduced the
expenditure. And as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky sa3's, their amendment makes the expend-
iture in a more dangerous form. If the section
is restored to the form in which it was put by
the House it will be better for the public
interest.
Mr. DAWES. I have no choice in this mat-
ter. I would as soon non-concur in th  Senate
amendment as otherwise. It is cutting off
$1,000,000 with one hand and adding it with
the other.
The question was put on agreeing to the Sen-
ate amendment; and it was non-concurred in,
Mr. SIIOBER. I ask a separate vote on the
Senate amendment No. 142, in which the com-
mittee recommend non-concurrence. -
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Branch Mint at Charlotte, North Carolina:
For assayer, $1,500.
For wages of workmen, $1,403,
For chemicals, charcoal, and wood, incidental and
miscellaneous expenses, §1,500.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
concur in that amendment. There has been
nothing done there as yet. There may be by
and by, but there is no expectation of anything
being done this year.
Mr. SHOBER. Mr. Speaker, this branch
mint at Charlotte is situated in the midst of a
very rich gold-producing country. Many gold
mines are being worked there. It is true that
this interest languished during the war and the
years of prostration which followed it. But now
as business interests of every description are
reviving in that country the mining interests
are again attended to, and capital is being
largely invested therein. I may say, also, that
there is now being opened up by rail a largo
section of the State lying beyond the Allegha-
nies which abounds in mineral wealth, and in
which many gold discoveries have recently been
made. It is asked that the mint at Charlotte
should at least not be closed under these cir-
cumstances. Our people feel a very deep in-
terest in the continuance of that establishment.
Not only is it a great convenience to the miners
now engaged in these operations, but its useful-
ness will be greatly increased as further devel-
opments of the mining interest are made. The
appropriation proposed by the Senate is but a
paltry one, not more than $4,500. And I do
not know of any other appropriation asked for
by the people that has been made for any pur-
pose for my State. I therefore respectfully
ask the House to concur in the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. If it shall hereafter turn out
that there is a development of gold in that
neighborhood I think it will be time enough to
establish an assay office there. But as yet
there has been no mining work done that re-
quires such an expense. I hope the House
will non-concur in the amendment.
On the question of concurring in the Senate
amendment, there were, on a division—ayes
37, noe3 -59 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Shober and Mr.
Dawes.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 78.
Mr. SHOBER, and Mr. COBB of North
Carolina, demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Mr. DAWES. I move that a conference
be asked on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
we have agreed to some of the amendments of
