Ml 8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
Means. We intend to debate every paragraph,
so that there may be intelligent action.' Here
we find teutenegue. We want information about
it. We know by the dictionary it is not spelled
correctly. It ought to be spelled as it is spelled
in the English, so that the people who are to
be affected by a tariff drawn up in the English
language may be able to understand it. I refer
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to the dictionary, so that he may per-
fect hia bill in this regard by having the word
spelled correctly. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Had the gentleman from
New York to go to the dictionary to find this
word?
Mr. COX. No, sir; the dictionary came to
me. [Laughter.] But that ia an important
question for one of the Committee of Ways and
Means to ask. The word, as it is spelled here
in the bill, is not found in any dictionary. Now,
I should like to know from that interesting gen-
tleman whether there is any manufactory of
this article in Tennessee?
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose these three
words, "sine," " spelter," and "teutenegue,"
as they are used in the bill, are so far synony-
rooQS as this: they mean the same kind of
metal known by different commercial names.
Mr. COX. They do not agree with the dic-
tionary. That is the reason why we wish to
give information. A little while ago the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] read
from Ure's Dictionary something in reference
to the new metal of aluminium. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who
has been absent for some time, and who brought
in the amendment in reference to this metal,
astonishes us with a new pronunciation of a
strictly technical term. I nave no doubt he
will claim great credit for having got this prop-
osition through in favor of the watch manufac-
tories of New England. I understood him to
intimate when we asked for information that
we needed information. When the gentleman
makes those slings against those who have been
here undertaking to perfect this measure, work-
ing at it day and night, he should not absent
himself for more thau a week; but he should
stay at hia post and help us in good faith.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Where
was my fault?
Mr. COX. Your faults, my good sir; I could
not enumerate your faults if I were to continue
speaking from now to the end of eternity.
[Laughter. ] That is the way you answer me.
It is not a good answer; but that is your style.
[Renewed laughter. ]
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Chairman, I do not
wish to delay action by debate, and only rise
for the purpose of replying to my friend from
New York .by saying to him that according to
my present light on the subject the duty on
this article is large enough already. The duty
of 1J cents per pound is enough protection. I
find on examination that the duty of 1£ cents
per pound is equivalent to 38 J per cent, on zinc
or spelter. That is higher than the present
duty on copper, 3 cents a pound, which is only
22 per cent, ad valorem. The duty on nickel,
which you fixed to-day at 40 cents per pound,
looks large, but when you examine the invoices
you will find that it costs from $1 20 to $1 25
per pound ; so that it is a duty only of 33 to 35
per cent, ad valorem; and the duty on zinc,
spelter, and teutenegue is 33J per cent, as the
law now stands. Now, if you add this one half
cent per pound you will make the duty 45 per
cent. The present valuation is 4£ cents per
pound. If you place a duty on that of 2 cents
a pound it will be equivalent to a fraction below
45 per cent. T am opposed to any such increase
of duty upon a raw material like this, which is
an injury rather than a benefit to our own labor.
The duties upon raw materials are now too
high in proportion to those upon manufactures.
I am willing to vote for all the duty which is
necessary to protect any interest in Tennes-
see, in Illinois, in Michigan, or anywhere else.
If it is not necessary to raise this duty from
33 per cent. t.o between 44 and 45 per cent, on
a raw material—which I tell my friend from
New York is used in Connecticut to a great
extent as raw material—this duty ought not to
be increased; and I am not satisfied so far
during the progress of the debate that the duty
should be increased ; and unless the commit-
tee can give us facts to show why it should be
raised from 1J to 2 cents per pound I think we
should let this article as raw material stand at
the old duty, which would still be higher than
the duty on copper, and about as high as the
duty we placed on nickel by our action to-day.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. PAINE. I renew it. Mr. Chairman, I
am not surprised that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] should seek to reduce the
duty on zinc, nor am I surprised that the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kellogg]
should seek to reduce it; but 1 suppose when
we come to the next paragraph, which raises
the duty on manufactured zinc, we will hear
from the gentleman from Connecticut a differ-
ent story.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am willing that it should
remain at the old duty, 2J cents.
Mr. PAINE. I have no objection of course
to a general reduction. I have no objection
to any fair arrangement of these duties; but
I have a great objection to falling in with the
views of gentlemen who happen to be inter,
ested in the manufacture of zinc when they
seek to strike down the duty on the raw mate-
rial and to keep up or increase the duty on the
manufactured article. I shall therefore oppose
the reduction now proposed.
The question was put on the amendment
offered by Mr. Brooks, of New York, to strike
out 2 cents and insert lj cents.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 44, noes 71.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk fead as follows:
On zinc in sheets, 2} cents per pound.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out " 2|'' and insert" 2J," the existing
duty. I will only say that we have been prom-
ised a reduction of the tariff, but here for a
whole page we have been increasing the tariff
and increasing the taxes instead of reducing
them.
The amendment was disagreed to on a divis-
ion—ayes 50, noes 81.
The Clerk read as follows:
On old type, fit only to be remanufactured, 2 cents
per pound.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out that paragraph. I appeal to the
majority of the House on behalf of my pro-
fession—the press, the journalists', the news-
papers of the country. We have hitherto been
allowed to import old type-metal free of duty.
This has made our type a little cheaper. It is
for the benefit of the newspapers of the coun-
try that this old type, fit only to be remanu-
faetured, should come ia free. I trust the
committee will not consent to the imposition
of 2 cents per pound on this article.
Mr. PETERS. What is the present duty ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Nothing; I
repeat, nothing; and I hope that statement
will impress itself on the other side of the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will merely say that the
duty now on sine, as a raw material, is 2 cents
per pound, and this is simply to put on the
same footing the same raw material brought
in in another shape, in the form of old type
from Europe.
The question was on the motion of Mr.
Brooks, of New York, to strike out the para-
graph.
The committee divided j and there were—
ayes 55, noes 70.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I feel it my
duty to call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks, of
New York, and Mr. Cessna, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 57.
So the motion was agreed to; and the para-
graph was stricken out.
The Clerk read as follows:
On mats of groat or sheep skins, plain, fancy, or
colored, 50 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I only want
to say in regard to that paragraph that the duty
is now 45 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the para-
graph. Unless the committee can give some
good reason for increasing this duty 1 hope the
paragraph will be stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is simply to create a
market for our own goat and sheep skins.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
On live animals, 20 per cent, ad valorem: Pro-
wled, That animals specially imported for breeding
purposes shall be admitted free, upon proof thereof
satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont. Imovetoamend
that paragraph by striking out "20" and in-
serting "30."
Mr. PAINE. What is the present duty?
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont. The bill reads
20 per cent., and I propose to make it 30 per
cent. In the existing law the duty stands at
20 per cent. I do not desire to make any
argument or to consume any of the time of the
committee. A sufficient amount of time and
attention has been given to the encouragement
and fostering of the manufacturing interests
of the country. We have now for the first
time approached a paragraph in which the
agricultural interests, of which we have heard
so much and to which so many allusions have
been made, have a direct and special interest.
I am somewhat surprised, on looking at the
details of the statistics, to see the great differ-
ence that exists in the degree of protection
which is afforded to that great and leading
interest of the country, and that given to the
special interest of manufacturers. I find that
on animals the present ad valorem duty is 20
per cent.; on butter, VJ\ per cent.; on cheese,
28| per cent.; on potatoes, 39 per cent.; on
wheat, 15J- per cent.; on flonr, 20 per cent.;
on rye, 16j per cent.; on barley, 14 per cent.,
and on oats, 16§ per cent.
Now, I find that the average duties on arti-
cles of manufacture which enter very largely
into the consumption of the farming and agri-
cultural interests run like this:
Per cent,
ad valorem.
On salt 80 to 108i
On bar iron of sizes generally used by farm-
ers  66
On iron wire ......  68
On iron in sheets    59
On iron band and hoop ~  71
On hammers, sledges, and axles    51
On halter, fence, and trace-chains  67
On stoves and stove-plates  109
On woolen cloths   55 to CO
On flannel3 65 to 86
On blankets  78 to 95
On dress goods     61 to 68
On cotton cloths    47 to i3
The amounts of duties which have been col-
lected from this source during the last three
years, since the reciprocity treaty was termin-
ated, are as followa: in 1867, $452,748; in
1868, $466,404; and in 1869, $715,119, show-
ing a large and steady increase in the import-
ation. Itherefore ask of those gentlemen who
have been so very generous in their profes-
sions and so profuse in their expressions of
sympathy for the agricultural classes, that this
duty be raised at least to a point that will bear
a respectable comparison with that of other
articles.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say, In reference
to this matter, that the duty provided for in the
bill is the same as under the existing law, ~0
per cent, ad valorem, as the gentleman irom
