1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
day > they are needy; I do not know what better
I can do for uiy constituents than to feed these
hungry people.1' and you give your vote for
what?" For $10,000. " No," says my learned
friend from Massachusets, " not for that."
What then? Merely for " charitable purposes "
down in your district. [Laughter.] You had
no bad intention, no baa motive ; you merely
sold your vote, that is all; or which is the
same thing, you sold aperquisite which belonged
to your constituents. That is what the gentle-
man means, and thai is the argument.
Now, I say that the affidavit of Mr. Whit-
tf.more himself shows that he ought not to
have further time. What does it show? We
charge that he received $1,500 from one man
for a cadetship and $500 from another. He
comes in now with his affidavit and says he
wants time, for what? Witnesses, for what?
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts what
does he want to prove? Not that he did not
get the money. He does not say in his affidavit
that he did not get tbe money. You cannot
get him to deny the fact that he received the
money. He has not denied it anywhere. In
his statement before the committee he did not
deny it, nor does he in his affidavit here this
morning. What, then, does he want to prove?
Why, that he used it for charitable purposes.
Suppose he did; what has that to do with it?
I suppose if a man had been bribed to vote for
the bill we passed the other day for the purpose
of feeding the poor of Washington he could
have said, " Well, I did it for a charitable pur-
pose." Of course he did. The gentleman
asks for a postponement of this matter, not to
enable him to prove that he did not receive the
money, but to show that he used it in such a way
as to prove that he did not intend any wrong.
I do not know what be intended. God knows
I am sorry for Mr. Whittemore. I have always
respected him in this Honse. He and I have
always been on friendly terms and relations.
I have talked with him time and time again.
We have commnnicated together with reference
to matters before the House. I have always
respected him highly; but I had a duty to per-
form as a sworn officer of the law, as a mem-
ber of Congress, in reference to the decision
of this case as to whether Mr. Whittemore had
been influenced to make those appointments
outside of the law. Now I say he was so
influenced.
What is the law on this subject? That
each district represented in the House of Rep-
resentatives of Congress shall be entitled to one
appointment to the Naval School at Annapolis,
and to one appointment to the Military Acad-
emy at West Point. What else does the law
My? That the persons appointed to those
institutions shall be bona fiat residents of the
districts for which they are appointed. That
is the law.
Now, the evidence in this case shows that
both persons so appointed by Mr. Whitte-
more were residents of the city of New York;
and yet the appointments were made for the
first congressional district of the State of South
Carolina. The very appointments themselves
were violations of the law, the law requiring
them to be bona fide residents of the district
for which they were appointed. And not only
that; but the character of Congress is assailed.
Why and how? Because of the fact that Mr.
Whittemore received money for making these
appointments.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] says that Mr. Kegler ought to be
brought back, and he calls him a rascal. Well,
he is not here to defend himself. But there
is one thing that is very strange; being a good
lawyer, the gentleman ought to understand this
principle of law: the law presumes every man
to be innocent until he is proven to be guilty;
that every witness has testified to the truth
until the contrary is shown. The law presumes
every man to have a good character until his
character has been impeached.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] to tell me what this means ?
Here is a letter from Mr. Whittemore to this
man Kegler before Mr. Kegler had written
anything on the subject of money:
Darlington, South Carolina,
May 12,1869.
P. H. Kkqlkb, esq.:
In reply to your communication I havo to say that
so many have applied for the position yuu named
that I have set tne value of theappointment, outside
of my district, at $500.
Yours, ic.,
B. F. WHITTEMORE.
There it is, over his own signature and in his
own handwriting. He does not deny it; he
admits that he wrote that letter. He says that
he wrote it merely to get rid of the man. Now,
I think it is a bad way to get rid of a man to
write such a letter as that to him, that the
appointment he asks can be had by him for so
much money. That is not the common prac-
tice, or it ought not to be. No man ought to
be permitted to cast any stain of this kind upon
Congress by any such conduct: if he does, I
do not care who he is, he should be dealt with.
Gentlemen argue here for delay in this case
for the purpose of having witnesses brought
here. Ihe gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] has introduced a resolution to have
a man named Shaw brought here. For what ?
To prove that this money was not paid ? That
is not pretended. Now, who is Mr. Shaw?
He is a man living in Boston. We have tele-
graphed for him to come on, but he cannot
come now.
But we will set aside Mr. Shaw's statements
for whatever they may be worth. I say to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
to-day that I am willing to do away with every
particle of testimony that has been taken in
this case; I am willing to wipe out all the evi-
dence of Kegler and of Brooks and of every
witness who has testified before the committee;
I will take Mr. Whittemore's own state-
ments,and upon them alone I can convict him
of having received money for making these
,j appointments. What does he say himself?
jj That he agreed with a man of the name of
ii Brooks that he would appoint a young man of
i the name of Kegler. For what? That he might
1 give him—what? Five hundred dollars, that
he might send it down there to be used among
his constituents. He did get it. He admits
in his affidavit that lie got the money. True,
he does not say in direct terms that he received
$500; but he says, '11 used none of the money
for my own private purposes." What did he
use it for? If the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will hand me the affidavit I will read it;
for I do not want to misquote it. Mr. Whitte-
more says in his affidavit—
"I depose and say that I never have had any
opportunity to examine or cross-examine," &c.
I suppose the gentleman from Massachu*
, setts will not allow me to show that this is not
true.
i /'And I further depose and say that if timo is
| > given me I shall be able to show what I here declare
! to be the truth."
ij What is that?
' " That I never lave received and used a dollar of
money for my appointments, either to the oadet-
ship of West Point or the Naval Academy at Annap-
olis, for my own private purposes."
He say8 he has never used a dollar of the
money for his own private purposes. Why
did he not say that he never received a dollar
of money?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Go on
' and read the rest of the sentence.
; Mr. LOGAN. I will. j
'' For my own private gain or emolument, but that !
all that has been paid"—
Paid how? I
" by any person with my knowledge has been ex-
pended, and much more, for the relief and benefit
of the poor people of my district."
Now, sir, there is Mr. WhitteMore's own
affidavit, drawn, I presume, by the learned
gentleman from Massachusetts. In that affi-
j davit he dare not come before this House nnd
i deny that he received the money ; the gentle-
i man from Massachusetts dare not write it
down that Mr. Whittemore did not receive the
money. He comes here and claims protection
at the hands of the House; he comes here and
claims that time should be extended to him ;
he claims that he has not been guilty of any
violation of law ; that he has done no wrong ;
but nowhere does he deny that he received the
money.
Now, sir, what is the charge against Mr.
Whittemore which is being considered by
this House? We are not trying to ascertain
whether he helped the poor people of his dis-
trict or not ; we are not trying to ascertain
whether he used money for the purpose of feed-
ing starving people. We are seeking to determ-
ine whether he received money for appointments
to cadetships. We are not seeking to ascertain
what he did with the money. That is none of
our business. It makes no difference to this
House what he did with the money. The ques-
tion for this House to consider is, was he induced
to make appointments by pecuniary consider-
ations? 1 hat is the point in issue here. And
you cannot get Mr. Whittemore to deny the
fact that he did receive money in this way. I
say, then, to the gentleman from Massachusetts
that I am willing to exclude from consideration
all the evidence in this case and take merely
Mr. Whittemore's own statement and his own
affidavit; and these, I submit, convict him before
this House of having received money for these
appointments. I appeal to members on both
sides of this House to look at this case justly.
I have no feeling against Mr. Whittemore. I
do not desire to do him wrong or to punish him
unjustly; but I ask members as honest men,
desiring to maintain before the people that
character which ought to be maintained by men
occupying this high positiou, whether when a
man comes before the House and admits that
he received money in this way you are going
to give him time to prove what he did with it?
Now, sir, let me put a case. Suppose a man
is indicted for robbing you, for stealing $1,000
out of your pocket. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is his attorney. You bring the man
up and try him for the robbery, and he says
that he stole the money, but that he did not com-
mit any crime. Why ? Because, although he
stole the money, he went out and gave it to poor,
starving people. Would anybody recognize
such a plea as that? Is he any the less'guilty
of robbery because he used the money to save
the poor lrom starvation? When he confesses
that he stole the money he stands guilty of the
crime of robbery, no matter what he did with
the money afterward.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
only to say it should make a great difference
as to the measure of punishment, if it be proved
that he gave the money for that purpose. Sup-
pose he was starving himself.
Mr. LOGAN. As the gentleman is suppos-
ing cases, let us suppose the case of a man who
robs the poor-box as itpasses round in church.
Suppose he should allege that he had commit-
ted no crime. Why ? As the box was passing
around he jvas told the money was being col-
lected for charitable purposes, that the money
was for the purpose of feeding the poor, and for
the purpose of sending the gospel to the hea-
then and that so understanding lie put his
hand into the box, took it all out and put it
into his pocket. When asked why he did this
he replied that he was a poor man, and cer-
tainly the greatest heathen to be found any-
where in the country. [Laughter.] Would any
such excuse save him V Would he be any the ■
less guilty by making any such plea? Certainly
not. I do not know that anything of that kind
occurred in this case. The sole argument made
is one to which I will now refer. It is not
really a question in this case; but it might be
a question in the minds of some men. The
gentleman from Massachusetts has said that
