2474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
1800. I hope, therefore, that the amendment
will be adopted.
I ask the Clerk to read a petition I have here
from the cigar-makers of Norfolk, Virginia.
The .Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of (he United
States of America:
The members of tho Cigar-Makers' Union No.76,
of tho city of Norfolk, in tho Statoof Virginia, most
respectfully represent:
That previous to tho enactment of section oighty-
seven of tho act passed July 20,1869, entitled "An act
imposing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and
for other purposes," there was levied and collected
on imported cigars a duty of $3 per pound, and 50 per
cent, ad valorem, and at tho samo time thcro was
levied and collected on imported tobacco a duty of
35 cents per pound.
That under this tariff a largo amount of loaf tobacco
was imported which was manufactured into cigars in
this country, and the articlo thus manufactured was
almost equal in value to imported cigars, and this
branch of industry gave employment to a largo num-
ber of workmon in tho United States.
That by section eighty-seven of the said act, which
was passed avowedly for tho purpose of providing
internal revenue, and not for the purposo of amend-
ing tho tariff on imported goods, it is provided that
tho duty on imported cigars should bo reduced from
50 to 25 per cent, ad valorem, and from $3 to $2 50 por
pound, while thoduty on imported leaf tobacco is not
changed.
That this change in tho tariff offocted a great de-
pression in tho cigar trade, a depression which was
greatly increased by tho recent riso in tho valuo of
our currency.
Tha t i t decroascd tho manufacture of cigars through-
out tho country.
That tho imported cigars are now sold at about tho
former price of cigars manufactured in this country
of imported leaf tobacco.
That in consoquonco of tho proviso in section
eighty-seven but few cigars arc now made in this
country out of imported tobacco, and a groat num-
ber of members of ourUnion and otherfellow-work-
men. who had earned bofore an honest livelihood in
this branch of industry, are thrown out of employ-
ment. Also that no benelit has accrued to tho pub-
lic by this chango in tho tariff.
That tho Government suffered by this amendment
a further loss of revenue from decrease in the re-
ceipts of the internal revenue tax, paid by tho man-
ufacturers on cigars which wore manufactured out
of imported tobacco.
Tho members of the Cigar-Makers' Union No. 70
would therefore most rospcctfully petition yourlion-
orablo body that tho proviso in section eighty-seven
of tho internal revenue act of July 20,1868, bo ex-
punged, and the tariff of $3 por pound and 50 per
cent, ad valorem, enforced on all importod cigars, as
tho said tariff act of I860 has novor been repealed.
At a meeting of tho Cigar-Makers' Union hold in
tho city of Norfolk at their hall, on the 10th day of
February, 1870, the foregoing memorial was indorsed
and adopted, and tho president, secretary, and
treasurer of tho Union were directed to sign the
same on behalf of tho Union, and to attach tho seal
thereof, and transmit the samo to tho honorablo the
Congress of tho United States of Ameuca.
WILLIAM F. BIIITZEL, President,
El.s.] JAMKS CHERRY, Treawrcr.
1'ltANCIS C. JOHNSTON,
Corresponding ftccrctary.
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend by striking
out the pending paragraph, the effect of which
will be to leave the law precisely as it stands
at present.
1 understand it to be our object in internal
tax laws and tariffs to give the country as far
as possible stability in legislation. A few years
ago we had a sliding scale of internal taxation
on cigars as well as a sliding scale of tariff
duties. We, however, abandoned that system,
and came as near as possible to specific duties
and specific taxes. The change resulted favor-
ably for the interests of ourpeople and for the
revenue.
I want to call the attention of my friend, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
to the fact that though he represents a large
cigar-manufacturing district, he is still liable
to err on this question. Three years ago when
I proposed a specific tax of $5 a thousand on
cigars, instead of the sliding-scale taxation then
authorized by law, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] asserted with entire sincerity,
and several of his colleagues on the Committee
of Ways and Means agreed with him, that such
a change would be almost ruinous to their dis-
tricts, and would materially injure the cigar
business throughout tho country. Now, ob-
serve how different has been the result. In
1867, under the sliding-scale taxation, thenum-
ber of cigars made was 483,806,450 ; while in
1869, under the uniform tax of $5 a thousand,
which it had been predicted would prostrate the
cigar business of the country, there were made
991,535,934 cigars; showing an increase of rev-
enue on this one article of $1,500,000 in one
year alone. The record will sustain what I
say. I claim, therefore, that on this subject,
though not on many others, I am just as wise
as the distinguished chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. I ask that if we do
not increase the protection the present law at
least may be allowed to stand, so that now.
when employment is so much needed through-
out tho country, this branch of industry may
not be depressed. The reduction proposed in
the duty is, I know, notlarge; but a reduction
of even 50 cents a pound is too much to be
made at the present time, when no such de-
crease is demanded by any interest in the
country.
As to the argument with reference to smug-
gling, it has no bearing upon the question.
Cigars, being put up in small packages, will
to some extent be smuggled at all times. But
the demand is coming to us from all parts of
the country that if the protection of this cigar
interest be not increased the existing law shall
be allowed to remain ; that atleast it shall not
be changed anymore than is absolutely neces-
sary. 1 hope, therefore, that tho pending par-
agraph will be struck out.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, much of tho talk
on the ponding proposition has surprised mo
greatly. We have heard much about tho pro-
tection of the cigar-makers, but not one word
about the protection of the cigar consumers,
or the protection of the people, or the protec-
tion of the revenue. The object I wish Lo
see accomplished by this bill is the protec-
tion of the people and the protection of the
revenue, without injustice to the manufac-
turers of cigars. I think that by the duty here-
tofore imposed on this article you have almost
deprived the revenue of any advantage from it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is to be borne in
mind—for on this point many gentlemen appear
to go astray—that while the domestic cigar-
maker has to pay $5 per 1,000, the importer
has to pay just the same tax. We need, there-
fore, say nothing about that excise tax, which
is precisely the same on the importer and the
domestic manufacturer. Again, tho domestic
tobacco producer is amply protected by the
tariff of 35 ccnts per pound on the leaf; so
that we need say no more about that. Let us
consider, then, what will best subserve the
interests of the revenue and of the consumers
of the country, as well as the reasonable inter-
ests of the cigar manufacturers. It is our imper-
ative duty to have constant regard to the great
and leading interests of tho people in their
capacity of consumers first, and secondly, in the
collection of the reasonable revenue. The self-
ish and oppressive demands for mere protec-
tion are entitled at least to only secondary
consideration. But they are constantly thrust
forward hero as of primary and absolutely eon-
trolling importance ; and unfortunately they
are allowed to control most of the action of
the committee on this bill.
How much are these gentlemen protected
under this bill? Leaving out of the calcula-
tion the matters to which I have referred, it is
susceptible of absolute demonstration that un-
der this bill these gentlemen will get a protec-
tion of about $32 on the 1,000. It is $2 a
pound. Eleven pounds to the 1,000 makes
§22 50: and then add to that the 25 per cent.
ad valorem, and you make about $28 or $29.
Reduce that $28 or $29 to currency, and
you have about $32 protection for the cigar-
makers in this country. Still they ask more,
and say that it is in the interest of revenue
they ask it. How insincere is any such pre-
tense ! Tho solicitude of these protectionists
is for their own pockets, and wholly overlooks.
both the people and revenue. Mr. Chairman,
it is absurd to talk about consulting the inter-
ests of the revenue. In 1868, 1859, and 1860,
when the duty on cigars was 30 per cent, ad
valorem, the revenue was about $4,000,000;
and now, when the duty is 123 per cent., the
revenue is $500,000 less than when the.duty
was 30 per cent, ad valorem. The present
duty is simply prohibitory, and prevents nearly
all importation, and prevents'just competition,
and of course can give very little revenue.
Gentlemen say that is made up by the differ-
ence in the excise taxation; but that is pre-
cisely the same on domestic and imported
cigars. But let it be remembered we have now
in this country 10,000,000 consumers of this
article more than we had when that duty was
so low, in the years to which I have referred,
and the increase in the domestic growth of
tobacco has very little more than kept pace
with the development of other products and
industries in our country. Tariffs have not
hastened or greatly augmented the production
of tobacco. I wish to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that in the years 1858,
1859, and 18G0 there were imported into this
country, under that low duty, over 570,000,000
of thousands of cigars, equal to over6,279,000,-
000 pounds of cigars. With that amount of
import, under the rates proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in this bill, this
Government would realize over $15,000,000 in
revenue, while it now realizing comparatively
nothing. And I wish to call the attention of
thcgentlemanfromMassaehusetts, [Mr. Wash-
liciilf,] who is so emphatic in talking about the ■
effect of this proposed law on the revenue, to
the fact that in 1867, 1868, and 1869, the last
three fiscal years, there were imported into the
country, under the present high duties, only
1,063,379 pounds of cigars, realizing to the
revenue only $>3,546,000. Divide that by 3
and you will find the annual revenue reduced
to about $1,150,000.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I submit in the inter-
est of the revenue, in the interest of the peo-
ple, in the interest of every reasonable consid-
eration which should control the enactment
of a law like this, that the bill on this point
should be kept as it is, as the committee made
it. It affords most ample protection to tho
cigar-makers, and some protection to the peo-
ple who are the consumers, and then it prom-
ises a reasonable increase in the revenue. It
is trifling with the House and country, and ap-
pears to me to be more disingenuous, to pre-
tend that this enormous protection of over $30
a thousand cigars is insufficient to insure the
prosperity of the cigar-makers. The truth is
it is the struggle of the monopolists for more
and more tribute from the people, and is ut-
terly blind or indifferent to the interests of the
Government in the collection of revenue. It
is alike unfounded that these high duties affect
only cigars used by the rich. The experience
and observation of every man contradict all
such assumptions. The common people, the
poor, use as good cigars as they can find in
their several markets. Then permit reasonable
competition, increase the variety oft'he grades,
and reduce general prices to the consumers, and
the importations and domestic products will
both increase, consumption will increase, and
both the excise and the tariff revenues will
also increase. That is the true way to give
cheap cigars to the poor man.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I re-
new my amendment. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from Indiana either is irfistaken in his
statement to the House or he does not under-
stand the question which he is presenting.
Now, there are certain points in reference to
which there is no difference of opinion, and to
which the committee and every gentleman of
this House will agree. On the one hand it is
admitted we do not raise the tobacco in this
,country for the manufacture of the best cigars.
