mo.i
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Income Tax—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
Do not let it be said that these are the east-
ern States, because the table to which I have
referred will demonstrate to any one who will
examine it that the States which have increased
most rapidly in population and in valuation
since the census of 1860 have been omitted,
with perhaps the single exception of California.
Here are six districts, paying this amount of
tax, and the whole twenty which I have selected
pay $17,027,000; six districts paying very nearly
one fourth and twenty districts paying full one
half of all the income tax paid in the United
States. Is there any uniformity in that? The
remaining two hundred and fifteen districts pay
about as much as these twenty, and the dis-
parity in these districts, as any one who will
take the trouble to examine the tables in the
report of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue will find, is so great that they range from
$100,000 down to §1,000.
Now, sir, I proceed, after having stated the
result in States and districts, to a lew illustra-
tions in regard to individuals; and they are but
few, but they are such that every man in his
own neighborhood can point to similar ones.
They are not with me imaginary cases, and
I deem it better to call the attention of the
Senate and the country to this mode of taxa-
tion than to indulge in quotations from polit-
ical economists on the effect of this income tax.
I might read here from McCulloch and from
John Stuart Mill, and from all the other emi-
nent political economists, for the purpose of
showing their opinions as to the operation of
an income tax; but the illustration is far better
to those who willrecognize theiroriginalsin their
own neighborhoods, who have the taxes to pay
and who are aft'eeted by the principle involved
iu the laws of the country, than the opinions
of political economists.
Undertheold law the exemption was $1,000.
The bill before us raises the exemption to
£2,000, and reduces the rate to three percent.
But I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that the feeling which has been
excited by the operation of that law cannot be
allayed by any anodyne administered in the
shape of a proposed amendment or reduction.
[ propose to look at one or two <?ases, which
anybody can recognize as not imaginary ones,
under the old law.
Take a clerk in one of the Departments of
the Government who has a salary of §2,000
per year. One thousand dollars is exempt,
but there his exemption ceases, because when
his salary is paid to him the income tax is
deducted from the remaining thousand. If he
pays two or three hundred dollars a year rent
for his house, there is no deduction of that or
of taxes for hiin. Take now, living alongside
of him, an owner of real-estate in this city,
who occupies for his dwelling a property worth
$10,000, and who has S40,000 at interest.
There is a property which in fact is worth to
the owner $2,400 a year at six per cent, inter-
est. Six per cent, on his $40,000 loaned
brings him §2,400 more. He has around this
city a large number of town lots that he has
purchrsed for the purpose of speculation, hold-
ing them until their increase in value will re-
alize to hira a profit, always holding them, too,
until, under the present law, the two years have
gone around within which lie could be required
'to account for the profit made upon them.
When that man who has this §340,000 of fixed
capital in his house, $40,000 of fixed capital
at interest, and perhaps 340,000 more in un-
productive real estate, comes to pay his income
Lix. what is the result? lie pays nothing on
the $2,400 a year rent which his house is worth
to him, and when he comes to put down the
§2,400 he gets in interest upon the $40,000 of
money he has loaned or on Government bonds,
he deducts from that the taxes paid upon the
$40,000 house in which ho lives, he deducts
from it the tax upon the $10,000 of unproduc-
tive lots; and thus, by the deduction of his tax-
ation, lie brings his income down below the
clerk who gets $2,000 a year, and in most
instances swallows it up altogether. Besides,
if he has bought his lands on speculation, and
given a bond and mortgage for the payment
and paid interest for the money, believing he
could pay six per cent, on the money and real-
ize twelve on the lots in the course of two
years, be deducts the six per cent, interest he
has paid out from the income that ho gets on
his own loaned capital. Thus in fact fixed
capital brings down taxation to nothing, and
the labor of the body and the brain of the clerk
is taxed.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask him
whether his illustration proves that an income
tax is wrong in principle, or simply that this
law is not perfect in its character and should bo
corrected so as to embrace the case described?
Mr. SCOTT. I will say to my friend that
if a tax can be devised bearing upon property
so that it is not a direct tax within the terms
of the Constitution, which would have to be
apportioned, if you can devise an income tax
of that kind, theu I would say it would not be
objectionable in principle. But devised as this
one is, and as you must devise it to get clear
of the constitutional provision, you cannot
make a tax on property in this country that
will be equitable. This has been apparent in
all the discussion upon this bill. The Senator
from Ohio, the chairman of the committee, in
his discussion of it was so impressed with this
truth that all through his speech he called it a
tax on property. I remember I was struck
with his illustration. He says if the property
of this country would only pay enough taxes
to pay the pensions to the widows and orphans
made by the war he would bo satisfied, show-
ing that in his vie'.v of it this tax is a direct tax
upon property. That is my answer to my friend
from Indiana. If it were a tax upon property,
then apportionment must necessarily be made
upon population.
But, sir, 1 go to a second illustration. The
law professes to exempt all incomes under
$1,000, and this measure professes to exempt
all incomes under $2,000, at the same time
that the law imposes a tax of five per cent, upon
the interest that shall be paid upon coupons on
ail corporate bonds; upon the dividends de-
clared by all bonks, coiporations, canal, rail-
road, insurance companies, &c.; and f ask the
attention of the Senator from Ohio to this
point, in view of the enunciation which lie made
yesterday that there was no judicial tribunal in
the land that would sustain the constitutionality
of this tax, if we would take off the tax on
the personal incomes and impose it upon the
incomes of corporations.
Now, sir, while the law professes thus to
exempt $1,000 under the old law, and $2,000
under this, what is its practical operation ?
The officers of those corporations are bound
to deduct the tax when they pay the interest
or dividends, and they have 110 means of know-
ing what the income of the recipient is, and
can make 110 deduction if they did. It matters
not whether it is $20,000 or twenty dollars.
Take now the large number of persona who
have their annuities in bank stock, in railroad
bonds, in insurance companies, whero they
have paid to them by the officers of those com-
panies annually a certain sum secured for their
support.
bet me mention a case which is not an ima-
ginary one. Under this opeiat'on of the law
there is a family which has its whole income
of $600 in the bonds of a corporation in my
State, the North Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany. The State of Pennsylvania, following
the example of the United States, imposed also
a tax of five per cent, upon the interest upon
coupons in that State which had been pre-
viously exempt. When thatfamilypresent their
coupons at the office of the railroad company
five per cent, is taken out for the State ana five
per cent. United States tax, making thirty dol-
lars paid in support of the national Government
by that family whoso income is only $600.
Alongside of them reside a family that hg,ve
exactly the same income secured by a bond and
mortgage on real estate for $10,000. They get
$600 upon that. Of the two families realizing
exactly the same income, and dependent upon
those incomes for support, tho one pays thirty
dollars to the Government and the other pays
not one cent. Call that equality of taxation !
Call that uniformity of taxation! What becomes
of the principle that my friend from Ohio enun-
ciated yesterday? That I may not do him in-
justice in calling attention to it, I will read
from tho Globe the report of his speech:
"The Senator from New York seemed to suggest
the keeping ot an iueomo tax on corporations and
yet striking out the tax on personal income. In my
judgment, under tlio Constitution ot' tho United
States, wo should Lave no right to di.~cnminato in
that way. If that position bo true, then v/o may
levy nn income tax solely on the income derived
from United States bonds, or from railroad corpora-
tions, or any othor form of investment. An incouio
tax must !, in the languago of tho Constitution,
general ill its eharactcr, covering all incomes, IVoia
whatever source derived, ot certain amounts, with
proper limitation.-:; it. must bo eoexteusivo with tho
subject ot income. 1 f any other idoj.tdiould provn.il
it would be in 1ho power of a majority of Congress
to aim adiscruninatiugtax against tho industry of a
particular section and thus avoid the very iounda-
tion of tho Constitution, whieh requires equal, just,
and fair taxes—taxes applying to ait alike. 3NTow, to
levy a tax upon a. corporation, or tho proceeds of a
corporation, the incoino ota corporation, at a groat or
rato or greater amount than on tho iueomo of some
other business, would bo, in my judgment, clearly
unconstitutional."
And yet here are two families, tho one hav-
ing an income from corporate bonds and the
other having an income from bonds secured on
real estate ; and ihetax is imposed on the one
and the other is exempt.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow me
I wiil state that tho injustice to which he refers—
and indeed he cannot state it too strongly—has
always been opposed and condemned by mo.
There is no reason in the world why an incomo
derived from corporations ought not to enter
into t.he general return of income, just as we
now propose to allow the salaries of public
officers to be. But when this subject of the
income tax was up in the Senate years ago it
was deemed so vitally necessary to secure the
whole income derived from corporations directly
from tho corporations, that the principle of jus-
tice which the Senator fairly states was over-
ridden. And even now 1 may state, without
violating any secrecy, that I proposed, and I
should be glad if tho Senate would adopt, a
suggestion requiringthe income ofcorporations
to be returned as general income; but the
objection was made in committee, and no doubt
will be made here, that it would complicate the
matter and probably defeat the collection of
this portion of the income tax. But the ine-
quality does not go to the rate. No one has
ever proposed to levy a higher rate on incomes
from corporations than upon personal income.
The injustice which the Senator now points out
only applies to tiie application of the exemp-
tion and not to the application of the incomo
tax proper.
Mr. SCOTT. Having entertained those
views, I am very sorry that tho chairman of
the Committee on Finance hr. s not reported"
some measure which would grant the needed
relief to this very large clas; of persons who
do suffer. And I think it will not be much
gratification to those who'are compelled to
pay this tax to be told that there is not a dif-
ference in the rate, when they feel that the
difference between them in the rate which is
imposed on them and others is just the differ-
