1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2475
We cannot make the best cigars out of the
tobacco raised in our country alone. If you
are going to make the highest quality of cigars
you must make them wholly of Havana tobacco
or mix it with ours, having the wrappers .of
American tobacco and the filling of Havana
tobacco. When the gentleman puts his statis-
tics they are not fair, and all his talk about the
people does not amount to anything.
itr. KERR. I know it does not in the esti-
mation of the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to show that it does not amount to any-
thing even under the gentleman's own esti-
mate. I say in regard to the people, they
smoke to-day either your common tobacco or
common cigars, which do not come in compe-
tition with the quality we are discussing at
all. This question of duty on tobacco and
cigars is in reference to the cigars and tobacco
which only the wealthy smoke. These are the
finest quality of cigars which are imported and
which the wealthy smoke. That does not affect
the people generally, for they do not smoke such
cigars. They smoke cigars of a much cheaper
quality of tobacco. What protection, I ask,
nave a thousand of the best cigars made in this
country? The gentleman claims that the duty
is §30. Now, admit it; but the manufacturer,
to compete with the importer, has to pay a duty
on the leaf tobacco he is obliged to import in
order to make the same quality of cigars $12;
hence he has left only $18 to protect him on
1,000 cigars which cost him $05 against the
foreign manufacturer. This is less than 20 per
cent. Is that too much on one of the greatest
luxuries in the land. Ah! says the gentleman,
is not the tobacco-raiser protected by that 35
cents per pound on the leaf? True; but does
not the gentleman understand that it is neces-
sary to use a portion of this leaf if we make
the best cigars in this country. And therefore
it is for the interest of the raiser in this coun-
try as well as the manufacturer that you im-
port this leaf paying the 85 cents a pound.
The gentleman may figure it out as he chooses,
but he will not be abie to find more than about
$20 protection given to the manufacturer of
this country upon his cigars which cost $100.
And if a manufacturer makes a cigar worth
$100, and has a protection of $20, how much is
that? Only20 per cent. When the gentleman
therefore rises and says that we do not want
the people protected, his remark only applies
to the highest and most costly class of cigars,
which the people generally do not use. When
people do use these cigars, I say let them pay
well for them. The wealthy will have these
cigars no matter what the duty is, or how much
they cost, and I say let them pay a heavy duty
on them. Members of Congress will have
them though the pricc be high, and if they will
have them why should they not also be willing
to pay for them ? But when you come to the
class of cigars used by the people generally,
then it may be proper to do what we can to
reduce the price. But that is done only by
reducing the price on the domestic article and
on tobacco, by reduction of internal taxation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, in the adjust-
ment of the tariff, I think we should keep reve-
nue in view in the first place; and secondly
we should levy our duties in such a manner as
to operate with as little oppression as possible
on the consumer. Of course we know that all
taxes are finally paid by the consumer. And
as regards the class of people who are to be
oppressed, I am in favor of oppressing those
most who are the most able to bear it. What
then is the question now before the committee?
It is a proposition by the bill under consider-
ation to reduce the taxes on imported cigars
from $3 a pound to $2 a pound, and from 80
per cent, ad valorem to 25 per cent, ad valorem.
The arguments that have been used in favor
of the higher rate of duty have been urged
almost entirely in the interest of the class who
desire protection. I am not in favor of an
increase of tb,e_duty above the point at which it
is put in the bill on that account, but I am in
favor of an increase of the duty solely on ac-
count of the revenue, and also that the richer
classes, who consume the imported cigars
altogether, shall pay the duty which they ought
freely to pay to the revenue.
Mr. WILLAED. I would ask the gentle-
man whether he is also in favor of a higher
duty because these cigars are the product of
slave labor?
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Vermont
has put a very proper question. I will answer
him by saying that after my unfortunate effort
to make this House recognize the difference
between free labor and slave labor yesterday
I have abandoned all hopes of converting him
and his friends to that theory. But the gen-
tleman from Ohio has told us that he has de-
creased the duty, because the duty under the
old law will not produce rsvenue—in face of
the fact that in 1869 a duty of $3 a pound and
80 per cent, ad valorem produced $1,250,000
of revenue.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would desire to make a
remark there if the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. WOOD. I have not time to yield. The
gentleman also told us that he was in favor of
reducing the duty because cigars were smug-
gled into the country in consequence of the
high duty. I regret exceedingly that in framing
this tariff bill ho did not apply this principle
to laces, lace shawls and scarfs, &e., which can
be put in one's pocket and easily smuggled.
But he proposes to increase the duty on these
articles from 30 per cent, ad valorem to 45 per
cent, ad valorem. And I have noticed all
through this bill that on jewelry and all other
such articles which are smuggled largely into
the country he proposes to increase the duty
instead of decreasing it; whereas in regard to
cigars he just reverses that principle. Although
the articles of luxury should pay as high a duty
as is consistent with revenue, gentlemen will
vote to increase the duties on the necessaries
of life, such as tea, coffee, and sugar, in order
to decrease them on luxuries like imported
cigars. I cannot take that course, and for that
reason I oppose the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it simply to suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Scuenck]
that, acecording to his own statement, he has
not benefited the revenue at all by his experi-
ment. Who has ho benefited? He says that
he reduced the duty for the purpose of prevent-
ing smuggling. He has not got any more rev-
enue. Without benefiting the revenue he has
got more cigars brought into the country and
more manufactured tobacco. I wish to say to
the gentleman from Ohio that if he has not
benefited the revenue there is not a manufac-
turer of cigars in the country that has any
thanks to give him, and I want to knowif they
do not know better who is hit than he does
himself? The moment he reduced the duty it
was felt in every shop in the land; and, without
benefit to anybody, he has stricken down and
paralyzed the manufacture of cigars in this
country.
Now, thegentlemanfrom Indiana [Mr.kep.it]
called attention to the enormous amount of
revenue we had from this source before the
war. The gentleman gave statistics of the
amount imported then and the small amount
imported since the war. The gentleman does
not take into the account the amount of manu-
facture in this country since the war and the
amount of manufacture in this country before
the war. During the years that the gentleman
from Indiana has cited here there was com-
paratively no manufacture of cigars in this
country. The number of cigars then manufac-
tured here was nothing compared to the num-
ber manufactured at the present time. The
raising of tobacco and the manufacturing of
cigars under the present system have spread
all over the country, and millions of dollars
have been invested in the growth and manu-
facture of this article. All that the gentleman
throws out of sight. In his ardent desire to
facilitate the raising of tobacco in foreign coun-
tries, and its manufacture into cigars there, he
loses sight of all the employment furnished to
laborers in this country under this system and
all the cheap tobacco which is brought to the
door of the poor man and famished him at a
small cost by the raisingand manufacturing of
it here in this country. The poor man, if he
understands where he gets his cheap tobacco,
differs widely with the gentleman from Indiana
in this respect, as widely as the manufacturer
differs with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sciienck.] The point where most revenue was
derived, mid at the same time the mostprotec-
tion furnished to the manufacturer, and thereby
to the grower of tobacco in this country, was the
point where it stood in 1800, from which the
gentleman departed in his last experiment, and
with the same result as he departed from it in
the internal revenue law.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is a little unfortunate in his figures,
or rather he is a little unfortunate in his facts
as compared with the figures from the revenue
department. The gentleman says that in 1868
we lowered this tariff from $3 a pound and 50
per cent, ad valorem to $2 50 a pound and 25
per cent, ad valorem, and that the effect was
to strike down the cigar-making interest at
liome. Well, now, it is a little remarkable,
inasmuch as the internal tax has been the same
in 1868 as in 1869, that in 18G8 there should
have been 590,000,000 cigars made, and we
lowered the tax, and next vear there were
991,000,000 made.
Mr. DAWES. I can tell the gentleman
why.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know the gentleman has
not made that application of it. The gentleman
says that the lowering of the tariff on foreign
cigars in 1868 prostrated and broke down the
manufacturing interest at homo; and yet, in
the face of that fact, while in that year when
the tariff was lowered 590,000,000 cigars were
made, in the next year after the tariff was
lowered there were 991,000,000 cigars made.
Mr. MYERS. That was the effect of taking
away the unjust sliding scale.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; for that had been
taken away before. This was two years after
that had been taken away. It was not under
the sliding scale in 1868. There was an aver-
age duty of $6 a pound in 1866. In 1868 there
had gone into operation the law by which it
was put at $5 a pound, and there were pro-
duced 590,000,000 cigars in that year. It was
in that year, and not taking effect until the fall
of that year, that the reduction of the tariff
took place, and the next year the whole pro-
duction was doubled. That is what I mean to
say.
Mr. DAWES. Did the gentleman suppose
that all the capital invested was to be with-
drawn at once?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all; I morely
threw a handful of figures at the statement of
the gentleman, and it is utterly broken down
by the force of those figures.
Mr. DAWES. It is the least handful that
has been thrown at it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Washbcrx,of Massachusetts, to the amend-
ment of Mr. Strong ; and being taken, upon
a division there were—ayes 70, noes 31 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let us have tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Mayxaud were
appointed,
Mr. STRONG-. I desire to correct a mis-
understanding that exists in regard to the ques-
tion upon which the committee are now voting.
The provision of the bill now under considera-
tion proposes a duty on cigars, &e., of §2 per
pound aud 25 per cent, ad valorem. 1 have
