m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
ing, -winch, has just adopted female suffrage,
1 believe—that would commend her perhaps—
add to the Legislature of Idahoand these other
Territories. Admitting that Georgia is out of
the Union, that she is not a State, that she is
a Territory, you might just as well say to Wy-
oming and Idaho and Utah and Colorado, "If
your Legislature will ratify this fifteenth amend-
ment we will admit you," and thus you get your
ratification in advance. By what? By the
Legislature of a Territory, when the Constitu-
tion says that amendments to the Constitution
shall be submitted to the Legislatures of States.
But, Mr. President, I have another objection
to the amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
and it is an objection not only to that amend-
ment but to the whole bill, from what has been
developeiin the course of this discussion. The
Constitution provides that—
" The Congress, when ever two thirds of both Houses
stall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments
to this Constitution, or, on the application of the
Legislatures 0/ two thirds of the several States, shall
call a convention for proposing amendments, which,
in either case, shall be valid to all intents and pur-
poses as part of this Constitution when ratified by
theJ^egisl&turesof three fourths of the several States,
or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one
or the other inode of ratification may be proposed by
the Congress.-
Under this provision of the Constitution the
duty, the discretion of Congress is to propose
amendments of the Constitution to the States;
and when Congress, in the exercise of that
sound discretion which the framers of the Con-
stitution presumed it would exercise, submits
an amendment, the duty, the action of Congress
.is at an end. So far as amendments to the Con-
stitution are concerned, Congress performs its
whole and entire duty to the country and to the
people when it submits what in its discretion it
deems to be proper and legitimate amendments
to the Constitution.
If Congress in the exercise of that discretion
proposes to amend the Constitution in regard
to any other subject—I do not speak of suffrage
particularly, because it is a matter of the merest
insignificance in connection with the point that
I am now urging—its duty ceases with the
proposition; not only its duty, but its right,
its power, certainly so far as all questions of
propriety are concerned; is at an end. The
Constitution does not enjoin upon Congress that
when it proposes an amendment it shall legis-
late so as to secure its adoption. The Constitu-
tion does not enjoin upon Congress that when
an amendment is proposed it shall so shape its
legislation that States in the Union, or out of
it, or about to come into it shall ratify or
approve that amendment. The duty, ay, sir,
the decency, the propriety of the action of
Congress is at an end when an amendment is
submitted.
But now, sir, what is proposed by this amend-
ment to this bill ? The reconstruction measures
for nearly two years past have been for the pur-
pose of carrying into force and effect the sub-
missions that Congress has made in regard to
amendments of the Constitution, and this bill
now is not only mere legislation conducivc to
facilitate, to induce, but it is legislation to com-
pel the ratification by the States of an amend-
ment to the Constitution that Congress has
proposed. I submit in all candor to the sense
of propriety and to the dignity of this body, is
it not going far beyond what was ever meant
or intended by the provision of the Constitu-
tion when you legislate to bring about the
adoption of the amendments to the Constitution
that you submit to States?
You might take an amendment upon any
other subject. Suppose the majority in Con-
gress should think anything else necessary to
promote the general welfare, to restore order,
to protect the lives of persons and the rights of
property in the States, and should submit an
amendment in relation to it, and becausc they
had submitted it for the purpose of verifying
and confirming their discretion in the submis-
sion of it, they should legislate (o bring about
the adoption of the amendment. You might
just as well say, and there would be just pre-
cisely as much propriety in it, that the Legisla-
ture of Indiana could submit to the people of
Indiana an amend ment to the constitution of that
State, and then that that same Legislature could
turn around and so shape its legislation , operat-
ing prejudicially upon certain localities and
beneficially upon others, as to secure the adop-
tion of that amendment. Why, sir, railroad
corporations in the western States are said to
have great influence with Legislatures, and they
have and the political majority in a Legisla-
ture might propose an amendment to the Con-
stitution, and for the purpose of securing its
ratification in any one of those western States
might enlist the aid of all those great corpora-
tions in securing its adoption. I do not say
that such a course would be without warrant
of authority or power. They might do it
because they had the numbers and the power ;
but I put it as a question of propriety, as a
question of decency, as a question of regard for
the fundamental law of the land.
This, Mr. President, is the objection that I
have to this amendment. I care nothing for
Georgia or the people of Georgia so far as this
principle is concerned. I do object to the Con-
gress of the United States attempting by its
legislation to secure or enforce the adoption of
an amendment to the Constitution. I know the
Senator from Oregon says that there is in the
Constitution a provision that three fourths of
the States adopting an amendment enforce it
upon the other fourth ; but, sir, that is in the
bond, and when they come in they agree to
that. It is so "nominated in the bond but
now you propose to shut out or keep out States
•—in this instance you shut out—until they com-
ply with your terms, else they cannot come in.
Mr. President, this is all I care to say on this
subject, especially in reference to the effect of
the pending amendment and the power of Con-
gress to pass a measure calculated, proposed
for the purpose of enforcing, and which in its
effect necessarily enforces an amendment to
the Constitution. What a spectacle to present
to the nations of the world that in this Gov-
ernment, claiming to be the freest on earth,
deriving all its just powers from the consent
of the governed, limited, restrained, and re-
stricted in all its departments by a written law,
the fundamental and supreme law shall be per-
mitted to be changed without the consent of
the people and by the action of one of the de-
partments of the Government; nay, sir, not
only that, but this fundamental supreme law
that underlies and overrides all the others,
and to which the people themselves must give
obedience because the Constitution is a re-
straint upon the people as well as upon their
servants, may be changed by force, or if not
by force by inducements held out to particular
sections or particular localities and the people
| of particular States. Is not that a singular
spectacle for us to present to the nations of the
world?
Mr. President, when I came here some four
years ago it was my ambition to bear, in so far
as I could and in an humble way, a part at
least in restoringour Governmentto its ancient
ways. This great temple of liberty, which had
for eighty years withstood political strife and
political commotion, and was still a monument
to the Governments of the world, a beacon
light, was shattered ; its arches were broken ;
its columns had crumbled; its walls were
wasted, but the foundation was there upon
which to build. The Constitution then had
remained untouched. There stood every stone
in its place ; and though the walls were wasted,
the corners crumbling, the columns broken,
and the arches giving way, I thought upon that
foundation we might rebuild the old temple.
But within the last four years I have seen stone
after stone taken .out of that foundation ; and
now we are at the very corner-stone, and when
that isgonetell me upon what shall we rebuild?
Sir, I do not know what others may think, but
I believe you are building upon the sand ; and
when the storm comes, and the rain falls, and
the winds beats against this superstructure that
you are erecting, you will find that it is upon
the sand and it will fall, and your work will be
for nothing.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am unwilling
to prolong this debate; but I see that the night
has got to be occupied in some way, and I pro-
pose to take a little hand in this matter myself.
[Laughter.]
The honorable Senator who has just taken
his seat lias given his experience here of the
last four years. He says he has seen ths
foundation all go out from under the temple,
so that hq thinks there are not sufficient rem-
nants upon which to rebuild it. I can bear
testimony that the honorable Senator has not
progressed at all in the science of building
since I have had the honor of a seat here, for
he has made us the same speech to-night that
he has made in opposition to all the recon-
struction measures as they have beenproposed;
and through all this day we have listened to
speeches on the Democratic side of the Senate
that we have listened to here, over and over
again, for the last four years.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to correct
my colleague in that respect. We have not heard
any abuse of the negro to-night. [Laughter.]
It is a most remarkable omission.
Mr. NYE. I was about to allude to that.
If my honorable colleague will let me alone I
will try not to forget it. I say, sir, for the last
four years upon every proposition to recon-
struct these States we have heard these same
arguments. If the foundation of the Constitu-
tion were not of a harder material than stone
it would have been long since worn and_whetted
out by the Democratic rubbing upon it that it
has had.
One fact is undeniable; from the day that
Congress entered upon the work of reconstruc-
tion to the present time there never has been
a Democratic vote or a Conservative vote, so
called, cast in favor of one of these measures.
Their opposition has been consistent and per-
sistent, and persistent to a degree that has taxed
at least the patience of those who have been
compelled to sit and endure it. If any person
had wanted light on this subject he could have
consulted the Globe upon any measure in rela-
tion to the subject of reconstruction, and he
would have found substantially the same argu-
guments, the same apprehensions for the last
stone of the Constitution, the same wail, and
from the same persons. I confess that I am
tired of it.
The gallant Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Saulsbury, ] who opened this debate this morn-
ing, seemed to have awakened from a deep
dream, and to have slept sounder than Rip
Van Winkle did for twenty years, for he woke
up to what Georgia was in 1776. He did not
get down at all to the time when Georgia in
her madness flew from her orbit and not only
disintegrated herself, but aided in disintegrat-
ing eight or nine States more. Upon that
point he stepped very gingerly indeed.
Sir, why is this measure necessary ? Why is
it proposed ? Whose fault is it that we are
obliged to pass such measures? It is Geor-
gia's own fault. The forbearance of this nation
has given her " line upon line and precept upon
precept, here a little and there a little," and she
has rejected disdainfully every proposition that
has been made. She has had the privilege of
showing herself in her magnanimity by aiding
herself in getting back into harmonious union
with these States. But, sir, what is the fact?
I assert here—and no Democrat can deny it—
that since the provisional government of Geor-
gia has existed, and since that Legislature
convened, history nowhere records a series of
such startling outrages and wrongs as are
recorded in the history of Georgia. The torch
has done its work with Union men. Elected
members of the Legislature, whose hearts
swelled with love for this Union, have been
cruelly murdered and massacred. The wail
