1532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
tinct esse, that each sale or batter is a separate
and distinct sale or barter, that each offense is
a separate and distinct offense, the committee
think that they should not be coupled together,
but that each man should be tried upon the
merits for the offense with which he is charged.
That is the theory of the committee. It is my
theory and my opinion of the law in reference
to this question, and I am satisfied that it
would be borne out by the provisions of law
and the precedents applicable to the trial of
cases even in courts of justice.
Let me say in conclusion that if the House
shall see proper to expel this man in accord-
ance with the resolution of the committee, he
will have my sympathy for his misfortunes.
What we shall do will not be done in any spirit
of ill-feeling or revenge, or from a desire to
punish any man, but because we are impelled
by a sense of justice, by a sense of propriety,
by a determination which should be felt by
every officer of the Government to perform our
duty faithfully, without fear, favor, or reward,
or the hope or promise thereof. That should
be our feeling; that'is the feeling of the com-
mittee. However charitable you may be, what-
ever your feelings may be, whatever your de-
sires may be, whatever your friendships may
be, they cannot enter into the decision of this
case. At times when I have been engaged in
prosecuting men for crimes in courts of law, my
sympathies have been with them so far as their
misfortunes were concerned; but I hope our
sympathies will never carry us so far as to
cause us to inflict a blow upon our own dignity
or shock the country. With our own estimate
of a moral standard for legislators, the charity
and leniency which you in this House would
extend toward a man who has committed an
offense of this kind is an act of injustice to
the State. Charity should find no home, mercy
find no proper abiding place, leniency no place
of rest where justiee may thereby be thwarted.
Justice claims the highest place in the mind and
heart of every man; and it claims the right to
havejudgmente, though tempered with leniency
and charity, based upon a legal and proper
basis. Mr. Speaker, 1 claim it to be the duty of
this House to pass upon the resolution that has
been reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs withoutdelay, let, or hinderauce, and let
the country see that there is no hesitancy in per-
forming your duty, however disagreeable it may
be. If you expect jour committees to investi-
gate frauds ana violations of law and perform
their duty, you must perform your duty. As
you per far la your duty will they naturally be
inclined to perform theirs. If you instruct a
committee to do a certain thing, they will do
it; but when they have done so, if you show an
indisposition to do that which their investiga-
tions show you ought to do, then, after that, it
will not be strange if they understand you to
mean that you instruct them to do that which
you do not expect them to do; that you know
w hat our duty is, bat that you do not ex pect us to
do it. If you did not expect your committee
to report the faetg in this ease for your action,
then you should not have instructed them to
do so.
I have now said all that I wish to say in
opposition to the resolution of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.] I now ask that
the vote be taken, and call the previous ques-
tion.
. Mr. POLAND. I hope I shall be allowed
to say a word or two in reference to the reso-
lution I have offered.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] withdraw bis call for the
previous question ?
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly do not.
The SPEAKER. A call for the previous
question having been made, no further debate
is now in order.
The question was then taken upon seconding
thecal! for the previous question; and upon a
division there were—ayes 108, noes 25.
So the previous question was seconded.
. The main question was then ordered.
.The pending resolution was the following,
submitted by Mr. Poland:
Hetolved, That the further consideration of the
resolution reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs for the expulsion of B. F. Wiiittemoke from
his seat as a member of this House, be postponed
until said committee shall make their final report
under the resolution of February 4, 1870; and that
said committee be directed to summon and examine
William F. Shaw, of Boston, Massachusetts, and M.
D. Landon,of the city ofNew York; and that Philip
H. Kegler. and any other witness whose testimony
has already been taken by said committee, be re«#
called upon the written request of said Whittemork,
to be cross-examined by nim or by his counsel, and
to report the testimony of said witnesses to the House.
Mr. WARD. 1 believe I offered an amend-
ment to this resolution, which should be first
voted on.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ward.]
The amendment was to add to the resolution
the following:
Provided, That the final disposition of the case
shall not be postponed for a longer period than
twenty days.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to address the
House upon this subject of postponement.
The SPEAKE R. The gentleman cannot do
so under the rules of the House without unan-
imous consent, as the House has seconded the
previous question, and ordered the main ques-
tion to be now put.
<j ,Mr. POLAND. Is there not an hour for
] debate after the seconding of the previous
,J question?
] The SPEAKER. That applies only to bills
\ and resolutions reported from a committee,
i Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman shall have
plenty of chance for debate on the main propo-
sition. I will give to all members full oppor-
tunity in that respect.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ward, it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution of Mr. Poland.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 155, not voting
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Ayer, Banks, Bennett,
Benton, Boles, Booker, Buck, Buckley, Burdett,
Cake, Cessna. Churchill, Clarke, Coburn, Dockery,
Dyer, Golladay, Hays, Jenckes, Alexander H.
Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey.Maynard, McCormick,
Negley.Orth, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Roots, Sargent,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Taffe, Twichell, Van Horn, and
Van Wyck—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Asper,Atwood,Axtell,Barnum,Beaman,
Beatty.Beck, Benjamin,Biggs, Bingham,Bird,BIair,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burr. Calkin, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb,
Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Dickinson, Donley, Dox, Duval, Eldridge, ;
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, 1
Fitch, Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Gilfillan, Griswold, ,
Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, j
Hawkins, Hawley, Hay.Heaton, Heflin.Hill, Hoar, :
Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Marshall, May ham, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew,
M«Kee, McKenzie, McNeely, Eliakim H. Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Morphia,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen,
Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Palmer, Perce, Peters, Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser,
Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rogers,Sawyer, Sohenck,
Schumaker, Scoheld, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Sher-
rod, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Wil-
liam J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stoies, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Swann, Tanner, Tillman.Townsend, Trimble.Tyner,
Upaon.Van Trump,Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler,
Willard,Williams, Eugene M.Wilson, John T.Wil-
son, Winans. Witcher, Wood, and Woodward—155.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Bailey, Bowen, ;;
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.Butler, Clinton i
L. Cobb, Covode, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Ela,
Fox, Hambleton, Hoge, Knapp, Lynch, Mercur, 1
Milnes, Morrissey, Porter. Rice, Ridgway, San- |i
ford, Strader, Sweeney, Van Auken, Voorhees,
Whittemore, Wilkinson, and Winchester—30.
So the resolution of Mr. Poland was not :
! agreed to. !l
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. HAMILL. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Hamblkton, is necessarily absent
on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. MORGAN. Mycolleague, Mr. Stkadeii,
is detained at his room by illness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. LOGAN. I move the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say that after the sec-
onding of the previous question I shall be
entitled to an hour, all of which except five
minutes I am willing to yield to any mem-
bers—I do not care who—that may desire to
speak in defense of Mr. Whittemore.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee insist on his motion to adjourn?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield to me that I may have read a
proposition on which I wish to have a vote.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield for that.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman from
Illinois think it fair to close a question like
this on one hour's debate?
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman wishes to
make a speech I will give him all the time lie
wants.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman will have
but an hour.
The previous question was seconded; there
being—ayes 105, noes 22.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] is entitled to one hour to
close the debate.
Mr. LOGAN. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, or to any gentle-
man who may desire to speak in his behalf.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman yield
to me five minutes?
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I trust that, in view
of the lateness of the hour, the gentleman from
Illinois will now consent to an adjournment.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to close this thing
to-night.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, that is asking
too much, I am not afraid of being contamin-
ated in consequence of one day's delay in dis-
posing of this question.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not .propose to discuss
the question at all. If any gentlemen want to
make a defense of Mr. Whittemore I am will-
ing to give them my time. If not, I am ready
to vote now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Undoubtedly the
hour will be occupied by some one.
Mr. LOGAN. It will not be occupied by
any one unless it shall be necessary to do so.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on the motion to adjourn, but will
allow us to have an evening session for the
purpose of considering the appropriation bill
now in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield to the gentleman from
South Carolina, and I yield to him for all the
time out of my hour he may want for the pur-
pose of making his defense.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Illinois to yield five minutes
of his time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sohenck.]
Mr. LOGAN. I yield the floor now to the
gentleman from South Carolina. I said I
would give the gentleman from Ohio five min-
utes out of my time; but not now. I now yield
to the gentleman from South Carolina and to
no one else.
