3420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
other things in this bill. They ought to have
88 high protection on live animals us on wood-
screws and Bessemer steel and railway frogs
and frog points and fish-bars. If there be
anything in the tariff system which ought to be
kept high it oughtto be the duty on animals, as
well as on Bessemer steel and railway iron. I
am surprised, therefore, he does not demand a
duty of 2 cents per pound on all cattle im-
ported. If he had followed out the principles
of his argument he would have demanded that.
In behalf of all beef consumers in the Atlantic
States and in the New England States, although
1 have no right to speak for them, I hope the
paragraph will be stricken out.
Mr. CONGEll. My friend from New York
[Mr. Brooks] has a marvelous adaptability
upon all the questions which arise here to pit
himself against the particular interests which
he has heretofore professed to advocate. He
has told us heretofore that he stood up in
behalf of the farming and agricultural interest
of the country. He claimed to be the particu-
lar cbainpiou in this bill for the protection of
the agricultural interest in the United States.
In the remarks which he has just made he
turns aside from his role as an agricultural
protectionist and speaks in behalf of the con-
sumers, the laborers, and the poor who need
cheap beef. He forgets the farmers for whom
lie spoke so warmly only a day or two ago, as
though lie were their special champion.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I for one, represent-
ing as I do an agricultural and a lumber
region, may speak in behalf of both these
interests, the producing agricultural and the
consuming lumber interest. I do not desire
less protection for the farmer's produce, for
their horses, their cattle, their sheep, and their
wool, because the lumbermen in my district
purchase horses and cattle to go into the woods
where they get out their lumber, and who, of
coarse, dew re to get their horses and cattle as
eheap as possible. Neither would I afford too
great protection to the agricultural interest of
my region at the expense of the lumbermen.
I would neither legislate for the agricultural
interest at the, expense of the lumbermen, nor
for the lumbermen at the expense of the agri-
culturists. It seems to me this particular par-
agraph is as equally right as between two con-
flicting interests as any which could be voted.
I say this, although gentlemen from the West,
representing merely agricultural regions, will,
when we come to that part of the bill, vote
•gainst any protection to lumber. Although
1 know they are pledged beforehand to vote
against any protection to lumber being re-
tained in this bill, yet I stand up in favor of
protecting to a reasonable extent their agricul-
tural interests. Our lumbermen buy cattle
and horses to the extent of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars annually, and although the
larger portion is spent in the agricultural
regions of Iowa, Indiana, and Ohio, as well
for cattle and horses as lor wheat and oats,
still i believe it is true statesmanship as far as
possible to protect these interests reasonably
and properly. It is for this reason 1 shall vote
against striking oat this paragraph.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to strike out the
last word. I rise, Mr. Chairman, for the pur-
pose of giving some views which I entertain
in regard to the principles involved in this
whole tariff question. In my judgment, now
is the proper time to utter them. 1 have heard
free-trade Representatives from New York,
men representing importing and purely Brit
ish interests, professing to be the special advo-
cates of the agricultural interests of this coun-
try. Indeed, I have scarce ever heard them
speak that they did not declare themselves to
be in favor, of the downtrodden tax-payers,
and that the consumer always paid the duty.
I wish here, as an agriculturist and represent-
ing an agricultural community, to put in my
protest against that position. And here is the
proof. Ask any farmer, drover, or miller in
the country who buys Canadian horses, cattle,
or wheat if the taking off of 20 cents a bushel
on wheat would lower the price of wheat 20
cents, and every one of them would tell you
that it would not; or if you ask whether tak-
ing off the 20 per cent, duty on a horse worth
$100 would lower the price of the horse $20
iu our market, every one of them knows that
it, would not.
I present this aspect of the case to the com-
mittee and the country, on behalf of the advo-
cates of a protective tariff, for the purpose of
nailing to the wall here and forever the un-
sound doctrine that the consumer always pays
the duty. I do not believe it. I know prac-
tically that it is not so, and I have taken occa-
sion here, because I think this is the proper
time, to present my views upon that particular
question. I am in favor of retaining this para-
graph in the bill. If it is struck out it will
not, as has been asserted by the gentleman
from New York, lower the price of beef one
atom. On the other hand, if it is retained it
brings more money to your coffers, and makes
the Canadians, not the American people, pay.
They pay the tax, and we get it. If itis asserted
that taking off the duty of 20 per cent, on a
bullock worth $100 would reduce its price here
and make it $80, every drover in the country
knows that that would not be the case. And
if it does not reduce the price, then at all events
the consumer does not pay all of the duty, and
we have got an admission of at least part of
our argument. The question to be settled will
then be one of degree or extent merely, rather
than of principle.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I would suggest, inthefirstplace,
to my friend from New ¥ork [Mr. Brooks]
that lie should confine his motion to striking
out the first portion of the paragraph, so as to
leave that portion which permits animals for
breeding purposes to be imported free. At
presentall animals introduced for breeding pur-
poses are taxed 20 per cent, ad valorem in gold.
This, as I understand, is something that never
was done from the foundation of the Govern-
ment until 1866. When the reciprocity treaty
with Canana was abrogated this tax was im-
posed with the express understanding that so
far as animals imported for breeding purposes
were concerned they would in a very short
time be provided for. This has never been
done; and men importing fine horses, breed-
ing cattle, and other animals for breeding pur-
poses only, especially from Europe, paying
high prices for them, and making nothing by
the importation except so far as improvement
of the stock of the country is concerned, have
been debarred from making these importations
because of the 20 per cent, duty payable in
gold on all such animals. The Committee of
Ways and Means very properly proposed to take
off the duty imposed on animals imported for
those purposes, and to restore the condition of
thiBgs which always existed prior to 1806.1 have
before me volume sixty-six of the Globe for the
year 1868, and I find there the argument made
by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, in favor of a bill
for relieving Israel S. Diehl who had imported
Angora goats for breeding purposes. VVhen
that bill came down to this House it wa3 ap-
proved by the Committee of Ways and Means
and passed the House without a dissenting
voice. Mr. Mokbill, in the Senate, made this
statement: )i
"Mr. Diehl was«ent out As commissioner of the '{
Agricultural Department, and while in Asia Minor i j
he bought about ono hundred and sixty of these ;
Angora goats, and brought them to the United
States, losing on the way some thirty or forty of
them. When he Went away the law provided that
such animals imported for breeding purposes should
be exempt from duty, as they had almost always
been from the foundation of the Government; but in :
May, I860, after the termination of the reciprocity 1
treaty* in order to obtain a duty upon horses, cattle, 1
sheep, and hogs, Which were beingimported in largo
numbers from tho British provinces, a joint resolu-
tion was passed imposing a duty of 20 per cent, upon
all living animals. Of course und r such a resolu-
tion there was no exemption of animals imported
for breeding purposes. That resolution, however
was passed with thoexpcctation that within a month
or two from that time the general subject would bo
taken up, and tho usual provisions in relation to tlia
importation of animals for breeding purposes would
bo adopted; but no legislation having been passed
upon the subject, all animals now imported are sub-
ject to a duty of 2(1 per cent."
The bill was adopted ; it came, as I said, to
this House and was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means; it was recommended by
the committee and passed by the House upon
the express ground that animals that were
brought here from foreign countries at a high
price for the express purpose of improviug the
breed of animals in this country ought not to
be taxed. The Committee of Ways and Means
have recommended it in this bill; and if the
motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] should prevail striking out the whole
paragraph without saving the proviso, then
there will have to be paid, as there is now, 20
per cent, in gold upon all animals brought in
by public-spirited men for the purpose of
improving the breed of horses, cattle, hogs,
and sheep in this country. I understand that
the gentleman from New York accepts my
modification of his motion allowing the proviso
to remain, and I trust the committee will agree
to that. We have no more interest iu this mat-
ter in my section of the country than anybody
else has except that we have many men of
wealth and public spirit there who import high-
priced animals, sometimes paying for horses
and cattle from $1,000 to $5,000 in gold.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, I rise to oppose the
motion to strike out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That has already been
done.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Then I move to strike
out the last word.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is already
pending.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Then I move to strike
out the first word. I agree in this matter with
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
I think that we ought to admit animals for
breeding purposes free of duty. But there
ought to be such a dnty upon other animals
imported into this country as will give the agri-
culturists and producers of this country con-
trol of the market. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1808, we im-
ported from Canada animals amonn ting in value
to $2,238,641, and from the other British Prov-
inces amounting in value to $36,850, and our
export of animals amounted to nothing. I hope
that the provision of the bill will be retained
as it now stands increasing the duty imposed
upon animals other than those imported for
breeding purposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing to rest the
case on that appeal, and I move to close all
debate on the paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The formal amendments being withdrawn,
the question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Brooks, of New York, to strike out the para-
graph as amended.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I accept the
suggestion of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] and move to strike out all of the
paragraph except the proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. There are two provisos
to the paragraph. One has been added on the
motion of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Conger.] j,
Mr. BROOKS, ofNewYork. Idonotpro-
pose to strike out either of the provisos.
Mr. ALLISON. Thegentleman shoald also
move to strike outthe words " provided that."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am willing
to modify wy motion, as suggested by the gen-
