>18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
Senate.
Income Tax—Mr. Scott.
41st Cong....2d Ssss.
ence between five per cent, and nothing. That
is the difference between the rate which is paid
by these persons in the same class. I shall
have an amendment to offer which I hope will
remedy this injustice, if this tax is to be con-
tinued; but only in that contingency shall I
offer it.
Now, sir, in this connection I wish to read
all.that the Senator from Ohio said on that
subject. He was interrupted by the Senator
from Oregon, and replied in the following lan-
guage :
"Mr. Corbktt. You oxompt §1,000 of income.
"Mr. Shekmax. Certainly; but wo exempt $1,000
derived from all incomes. If tlie idea is that you
can gild over this dose by repealing tho tax on per-
sonal income, leaving the tax on tho income from
bonds of railroad or other companies and incomes
from corporation stocks, Senators may n.s well aban-
don tho idea; it could not bo entertained in any
judicial tribunal in tho United States."
Well, sir, if that doctrine be true, then the
discrimination to which I have called atten-
tion is just as fatal to this law as the discrim-
ination to which his attention was called by
the Senator from New York. But, sir, on this
point it is alleged that this tax operates upon
ilie rich and not upon tho poor; that it is a
tax paid by corporations. It is not a tax paid
by corporations ; and even if it were, I always
distrust that it is not solid ground upon which
any legislator is standingwhen I hear him jus-
lif'y any measure by an appeal either to the
rich or to tho poor, arraying them against each
oilier. It always brings to my mind that favor-
ite saying of Mirabeau, "that the Capitol is
near to the Tarpeian rock;" and 1 always
think when v,-e begin to look upon the effect
of our legislation upon rich or upon poor, that
wo would bo better employed in looking at tho
light, the justice of (he principle embodied in
our legislation.
The safely of flic poor man in this Govern-
ment is Ihe justice of the principle embodied
in all measures of legislation. I f you may dis-
criminate for him you may discriminate against
hnu ; and perhaps it will not be long, if we go
on at this rate, basing our legislation upon tho
ground that we intend to impose the burdens
of tho Cinvcninient upon Ihe rich and exempt
the poor (Von; then), until some man may be
luund bold enough to claim that that doctrine
shall be carried lo its logical consequences,
and that if the iit'll pay all the taxes taxation
and rcpiexeuUtion shall go together. Is theie
any man here willing to advance that doctrine
now? And yet, the poor nun who is appealed
to for the purpose of imposing this tax unon
others because they are rich, had belter look
to the ground ttpou which that principle of
taxation shall be established. We had better
trust lo his intelligence and sense of justice
and do light, than fear that his indignation
over a just measure may be swelled into a
Parpeiun rock, from which the occupants of tho
Capitol may be thrown.
Now, sir, to show that this tax does not
operate upon the rich altogether, i wish to
read a letter that I have received. 1 do not
believe in citing letters anonymously, and I
therefore give the name of the gentleman,
Peior Walker. He resides in Philadelphia,
and is well known to me as a gentleman of
character, connected with one of the religious
publication houses of that city. IIu is a benev-
olent gentleman who gives a great deal of his
lime in attending to tho business of those wiio
.sro too poor to employ agents to attend to it;
and I do not know that I can place this subject
in a better light than by reading his whole
letter. 1 send it to the desk and ask the Cleik
to read it.
The Chief Clerk.read the following letter:
313 Soutii Fifteenth street
Philadelphia, January 15,1870.
Pear Sir: As tho internal revenue lawswill prob-
ably soon the attention of Congress, permit
mo to call your attention to tho tax on dividends.
It U a tax on income, but while its payment is cred-
ited to the rich man it is irremediably taken from
tho invested moans of the industrious poor. I have
for many years collected dividends for a few people
unaccustomed to do business for themselves; and I
will state their case, and every one will see that
there are thousands in the same circumstances:
1. R. An aged widow, family all married, lives by
passing from the house of one child to another as
they ore willing to entertain her. A son-in-law left
lier an annuity of seventy dollars a year in good
stock to provide her with clothing, &c. Out of this
$3 50 is retained by ihe United States tax.
2. JR. A widow, with one daughter aged fifteen.
Bole income from bonds and stocks $210 a year. Out
of this twelve dollars is retained as United States
tax.
3. E. An aged lady, all her property invested in
railroad bonds, receives in yearly interest $560, but
out of this twenly-eightdollars is retained as United
{States to:?.
4. J. An infirm lady ; property invested in stocks
and bonds; annual ineome&tiOO, but out of this there
is retained by tho United Slates thirty dollars.
The evil docs not rest here. The fctato of Penn-
sylvania. instead of passing by an article on which
tho United States has levied as much as it would
bear, has loilowed its example and placed an equal
amount of tax on the same dividends. IVn per cent,
is now taken lrora tho income of people who are
only able to sustain lite, and somo ol whom are sup-
ported mainly by tho charity of others. If the United
btates would abolish the fix on'dividcnds Penn-
sylvania would again, it is probable, follow her
example.
This tux dors not act injuriously on interest alone.
Tho principal of all these investment1? isnow twenty
per ccut. lower in vuluo than when 1 began to col-
lect for them.
Tho manner of collecting this tax hides its rapa-
city. 11 is called a lax on dividend.-; it is retained
by the companies who are wealthy and managed by
wealthy men. The persons hum whom it is returned
uro in general never been; they are widows orphan
children', persons who are incapacitated by ago or
infirmity lrom employing theiroapitnlm active busi-
ness operations, but who, by tueti investments, me
enabled to sustain themselves without being a bur-
den to tlio community. From the sums! see upon
tho bwofcs of tho corporations 1 visit I feel conscious
that these are tho people who pay tuo tax on divi-
dends, and 1 pray you, my dear mi\ to exeit your
influence for their relief, and by doing so you will
much gratify
Your obedient servant,
VETEH WALKER,
lion. John Boott, Senator /or Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOTT. Now, Mr. President, this is
one class of fixed incomes which the law pro-
fesses to exempt, and which in reality are
taxed more severely tluin any other class. It
is a remarkable fact that the number of per-
sons who pay this income tax is ostentitioosly
paraded as a reason why it should be con-
tinued, because there arc so few pay it. I wish
it to be borne in mind that the number embraced
in the class to which that correspondent refers
are not included in (ho two hundred and sev-
enty thousand who paid income lax in 18(59.
That is only the number who paid the assessed
income tax. The taxes collected by corpora
tions are given in the gross, and therefore the
aggregate number of tho small stockholders
who pay in the way to which Mr. Walker refers
are not included in the number at all; and I
am assured by those conversant with the insti-
tutions of this character in the large cities that
the number of poor with an income under
SI,000 who pay the income tax in this form
actually exceeds tho number of the rich wlio
are paraded as paying the tax. So that, if it
comes down to numbers, there are more poor
people paying tho tax upon incomes under
51,000 than there are rich men paying Ihe tax
on incomes over $1,000. "1 heir contributions
do not amount to as much, but in number they
are more. If their names were published the
feeling of hostility lo this tax might be belter
understood.
Now, sir, 1 proceed further, it is alleged
that this is a tax upon profits, upon realized
value. This is the statement of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. The statement
of the Special Commissioner is that it is a tax
upon profits. Sir, it is neither. It reaches
tho poor, toiling country clergyman, who is liv-
ing on perhaps $1,500 a year, or $2,000, who
is endeavoring to educate a son at college, who
perhaps has to pay a large portion of his salary
for tho medical attendance of his family, it
reaches the preacher; it reaches the teacher;
it reaches the mechanic, (for there are hundreds
of them with salaries over $1,000 a year,) and
is a tax upon industry, a tax upon toil; and
more than that, if you look at it in its opera-
tions, it is really a tax upon the number of
children that a man has. He is actually taxed
upon the number of his children, because the
form which is put in his hand for the purpose
of returning his income, as I shall show when
I come lo discuss it, compels him to put into the
return of his income any salary that is made
by Ins minor children ; and yet the man who
simply maintains a wife without children, or a
wife and one child, has the same exemption
with the man who has a wife and ten children ;
and that, too, whether be is living in the city
of New York or Washington, where $1,000
will not go as far in maintaining them as $500
will in the State of Ohio or Indiana. J n these
instances you put your tax upon men who have
expended all their income, and at the end of
the year have nothing left. They have ex-
pended their income in the necessary mainte-
nance and education of their families, and thou
you come at the end of the year asking them
for a tax 011 realized wealth. Sir, it is a sar-
casm ; and 110 wonder that the iron has entered
deeply into the hearts of those classes who feel
that they have been oppressed by this income
tax.
Mr. President, this fax is onerous, it is bur-
densome, if is demoralizing. Let us look atit.
I11 this great and growing country it ought to be
increasing very rapidly. What are the facts?
In 18G0, when thci e was an exemption of $600,
there was collected $00,89-1,135 85. In 1867,
with an exemption of §1,000, there was col-
lected $57,010,010 G7. In 1808, with an ex-
emption of i:l,000, it fell to $32,027,610 78.
In 1869, with the same exemption and in-
creased efficiency in collection, there was col-
lected §34,239,893 38. In 18G6 it was paid by
400,170 persons ; in 1807, by 259,885 persons ;
in 18GS, by about two hundred and forty thou-
sand persons ; and in 1869, 1 believe, by two
hundred and seventy one thousand persons. If
you add tlnj class that I have referred to it will
probably double the number.
But, sir, the number itself is the very best
evidence of the demoralizing character and
tendency of the tax. Take up the return 01"
the Commissioner of Internal lievonue, and
you will find that a tux of twenty dollars and
under was paid by one hundred and seven
thousand nine hundred and sixty-seven per-
sons. That, is on an income of §1,400, and less.
Does any sane man believe, can he sit down
and look at this country, from the Atlantic to
the Pacific and from Maine to Florida, and
say that there are only one hundred and seven
thousand nine hundred and sixty-seven per-
sons in the United States who enjoy an income
not exceeding $1,400? Tho very statement
itself is the best evidence of the demoralizing
tendency of the tax. livery man sets himself
to work to cipher himself out poor, and when
he sets out with that determination he gen-
erally accomplishes the result.
Cut, sir, the excessive rate of the tax in our
country is calculated to make it more demoral-
izing. The rate is live per cent. Let me call
attention to that for a few moments. The Year
Book of 1809 estimates the British income tax
at £6,900,000, equal to 334,450,000. Our in
come tax for 1869, I have already stated, was
§34,671,791. In bis annual report Oomrais
sioner Wells estimates the real and personal
estate of Great Britain, in 1808 and 186'J, at
830,000,000,000; in the United States at
$23,400,000,000. He estimates the annual
product of Great Britain at $4,070,000,000
gross and $2,750,000,000 net. This would givu
$1,000 of principal and S134 of gross product
to eaeh person in the British population of
30,380,000; while, taking the gross product as
