1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1533
Mr. WHITTEMORB. Mr. Speaker, if I
thought the House were disposed to be lenient
I should ask it to postpone its final action in
this matter until to-morrow morning, so that
I should have some opportunity to prepare
what it is proper for me to say in my defense;
but if the matter is to be pushed at present I
must occupy the time allowed me to the best
of my ability.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman will
give way I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will allow me I will say this; that
I do not want to be considered as pressing i
this matter beyond the point desired by the
House. I wish to give the gentleman from
South Carolina proper opportunity to be heard
in his own defense, and as he asks a postpone-
ment until to-morrow, so far as I am concerned,
if that be the pleasure of the House, I will not
object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, iftherebeno
objection, I hope the House will now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I trust the House will not
adjourn; but that we will have an evening ses-
sion for the consideration of the executive,
legislative, and judicial appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want the House to
adjourn until we have the previous question
entirely settled as being ordered upon the res-
olution of the committee. I move, therefore,
to reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered, and also move that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We want
the yeas and nays on that.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts proposes to filibuster you will then
have to take the vote to-night.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
propose to filibuster on anything; but I do not
propose to be driven into this thing by the gen-
tleman.
Mr. LOGAN. I have not driven the House
into anything; bat on the contrary have agreed
to adjourn till to-morrow so that the gentle-
man from South Carolina may be heard in his
own defense.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
hear that.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
And then, on motion of Mr. LOGAN, (at five
o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of William
Monstorm, for extension of patent.
By Mr. BOLES: A petition of citizens of
Arkansas and Missouri, asking the establish-
ment of a post route from Galena, the county
seat of Stone county, in the State of Missouri,
to Carrollton, the county seat ofCarroll county,
in the State of Arkansas.
Also, a petition of cigar manufacturers and
others engaged in the cigar and tobacco busi-
ness, of Little Rock, Arkansas, asking that the
tariff on cigars be not reduced.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Edward G. Hunt, of Duxbury, Massachusetts,
praying for a pension.
By Mr. CLARKE: A joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Kansas with
reference to the Price raid claims.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, relative to indemnity for stock
stolen by members of various Indian tribes.
Also, a petition of the Cigar-Makers' Union
No. 56, of the city of Leavenworth, Kansas,
for an alteration of the internal revenue act of
July 20,1868.
Also, the petition of W. E. Spillard and
others, citizens of Kansas, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of Captain John C. Fifield and 54 others,
citizens,vessel-owners, and captains, of Somers
Point, New Jersey, praying Congress for the
repeal of the tonnage tax, for relief from State
and municipal exactions, and to foster Amer-
ican shipbuilding.
Also, the petition of Mr. Manuel McShane
and 33 others, citizens of Philadelphia, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: A petition
iraying that arrears of pension be allowed to
"r. Ezra G. Finley, late a private of company
C, fifteenth regiment Illinois volunteer infantry.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of N. B.
Pearce, of Bentonville, Benton county, Arkan-
sas, praying for the removal of political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. SCHUMAKER: A petition of 1,000
cigar manufacturers of the city of New York
and of Brooklyn, asking for an increase of duties
on imported cigars.
Also, a memorial of Devoe Manufacturing
Company, against the duties on tin plates.
By Mr. TRIM BLE: The petition of Thomas
D. Gundy, of Kentucky, for the removal of
his political disabilties.
Also, the petition of T. W. Pickering, of
Kentucky, for the removal of his political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. YAN TRUMP: The petition of
James Bell and 24 others, citizens of New
Salem, Fairfield county, Ohio, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition of
William Gibson, commander United States
Navy, to be restored to his place on the active
list.   
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 24, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 59) to extend the pro-
visions of the homestead act to the orphan
children of deceased soldiers who are under
the age of twenty-one years was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
removal of disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 436) to relieve
certain persons therein named from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEWART. It is hardly worth while
to read that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the reading of the amendment will
be dispensed with. It consists simply of the
addition of names.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the amend-
ment is part of a bill thoroughly prepared and
carefully examined by the proper committee
of the House. It was moved there as an amend-
ment to our bill. It is unnecessary to read it,
and I hope it will be concurred in at once.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have the assurance
of the gentleman who has charge of the mat-
ter in the House of Representatives, General
Butler, that every name in that amendment
has passed before his committee and been scru-
tinized. The House amended the Senate bill
by the addition of these names. I move that
the Senate concur in the House amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires by
the Constitution a two-thirds vote to concur.
The question is on concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in by a two-
thirds vote.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the petition of
Millis Aid rich, aged seventy-eightyears; Collins
Capron, aged seventy-four; Williard Wilson,
aged seventy-four; David Boyden, aged seventy-
two; DanielTourtellott, aged eighty-seven; and
other aged men, with many of their friendu
and neighbors, asking that pensions be granted
to soldiers of the war of 1812. I move that it
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I present
a memorial from Matilda Sisson, the daughter
of A lexander Sisson, who commanded as mas-
ter the United States ship Madison during the
war of 1812, and who fell at Niagara. This
memorial is a peculiar one. It sets forth that
the memorialist is now a person of advanced
age; that she has remaining no relative or
connection on earth, all her children having
died, her husband being dead, and she being
indigent. She says that the first pension ever
allowed to a naval officer was granted to her
mother as the representative of her father, he
having been, as I stated, mortally wounded on
the occasion to which I have referred. That
pension continued while her mother lived. I
have here the original paper, which is so far
eaten by the tooth of time that it is hardly
legible any more. Under the circumstances
of the case, appreciating, as the person who
drew this memorial seems to have done, its
peculiarity, the petitioner asks that some allow-
ance may be made for her, sayingthat nothing
remains for her except the almshouse, she
being unable now physically to maintain her-
self, which up to tnis time she has done with
her own hands. I move that this memorial be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that being perhaps as appropriate as any com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to present
the petition of the National Board of Trade,
lately assembled at the city of Richmond, in
which they pray that Congress may extend aid
by the loan of the national credit to the James
River and Kanawha canal. This improvement
is of vast importance to the whole region of the
West, a&d if there is any way in which such aid
could be rendered by the national Government
I should be very glad to see it done. I do not
commit myself to support the proposition made
by the National Board of Trade, but I hope it
will receive the careful consideration of the
Committee on Commerce. I move its refer-
ence to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN also presented the memo-
rial of the Board of Trade of Boston, suggest-
ing a remedy for the present scarcity of Amer-
ican seamen, and praying the enactment of a
marine apprentice law, embodying regulations
for the instruction and proper treatment of
apprentices on board ship, and with suitable
and adequate penalties, by which every Amer-
ican vessel under register, before clearance at
any custom-house in the United States, shall
be required to have in its crew one or more
apprenticed boys, according to its tonnage ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of Abra-
ham Goldsmith, late of company A, independ-
ent battalion known as Enfants Perdus, pray-
ing for a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of the Cigar-
Makers' Union No. 95, of Saint Joseph, Mis-
souri, praying that a duty of three dollars per
pound, and fifty per cent, ad valorem be
imposed on all imported cigars; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
William Gibson, commander United States
Navy, praying to be restored to his place on
the active list; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
