1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
Income Tax—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
estimated by him in the United States, it gives
$600 in currency to each one of our estimated
population of thirty-nine millions. And yet,
here comcs the point: with that average of
$600, gross product, to every person in our
country in currency, our people pay as much
income lax on $23,000,000,000 as Great Brit-
ain does on $30,000,000,000, and we do not
include, as she does, the house rate of one and
two thirds per cent.; so that our tux is beyond
all proportion excessive over that of Great
Britain.
Now, sir, what is the effect of this excessive
taxation? Let us look at the country that is
referred to in illustration and in vindication of
this income tax. I send to the Clerk a state-
ment which I have clipped from a reliable
paper, giving the result of the income return
of England for the. year 18G8-69, and giving
the remarkable percentage of actual fraud
which is developed by an examination of those
returns. I ask the Clerk to read the short
extract which I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The income returns of England have just boon
submitted to Parliament for the year ending March
Til, 1839. I1 ho revenue of the Government from
incomes during the year ending March 31, 18G8,
r mounted to £6.18-1,16S. aboutthirty-one million dol-
jctrd, or$10,500,0001es3 than the revenue derived from
the same source by the United States in 1S68. In-
cluded in the income return of England were_the
assessments on 'houses' in the fiscal year 1860-67,
amounting to £1,381.000. The exempted incomes in
IStiS-GT leached £13,572,000, on which tho rax, at
iouipence on the pound, or one and ttvo thirds per
ccnt., would have amounted to £226,199. Concern-
ing' frauds upon tile revenue the report says that
out of two hundred cases inquired into it was found
that 'in eighty cases the revenue liad been defraud-
ed forty per ccnt. 'i'ho aggregate of the taxable
incomes returned by the parties themselves was
£73,6i2, and the ."mount ultimately found to be
correct v/jy £171,370. beins in excess of tlio_ returns
by £ti7,728, or about one hundred and thirty per
cent.'
'"the report also says: ' These deficiencies are not
confined to any particular class, trade, or profession ;
we find it anions legal practitioners, we find it in
every variety of trade, and wo find it in great public
companies, and in films whose business is almost a
national concern, from its magnitude and world-wide
reputation. "We see no reason to distrust this esti-
mate, that forty per cent, of the persons assesbod had
understated their incomes, and that a true roturn
would give an addition of one hundred and thirty
per cent. V/e be? leave, to call attention to the fol-
lowing extract from a long list of defective returns
from public companies and large joint stock associa-
tions :
Yn. Itehmi. Assessments.
"i   £2,000 £39,500
2   9,000 33,000
'-5   55,000 81,000
4   23,284 45.984
5'   2,000 12,099
(;    16,250 24,492
>7    1,600 12,000
a    5,000 30,000
O    39,300 52,000
i(i    14,674 55,000
11.::."::::::::::.'. 140,405 133,539
12   ......No return. 63,9x9
'"The rea1 «ignificancoof the subtraction of such a
laresnm' * ' ' 'is bestbrcuglithomo
to us when wo rcmembor that the exemption of one
man means the extra taxation of anotner.
Mr. SCOTT. Thepurportof all those enorm-
ous frauds which are exposed by those re-
turns is summed up in tbat sentence, that the
significance of them consists in the fact t.iat
the honest men of the country pay the tax of
1he dishonest, of those who refuse to return
their income, or evade the tax by fraud. _ Any
one who will sit down and look at the inter-
rogatories which are propounded in the forms
in which our citizens are required to make then1
returns of income tax, will not wonder that
there is an effort to evade it, and a feeling of
• ■-rent restiveucss under this administration of
f~;;e tax law. After a man has made out his
whole returns, after he has gone over his books,
•,i he has kept any, or conjured up bis brain, if
he has not, to make au estimate, after he has
fone and counted his spoons and everything
else of that character that he is required to do
in order to make a return unctcr this income
tax law as it is administered, then this is the
instruction to the assessor:
"Assessors should require answers fo be written oppo-
site each of these questions .*
"Had your wife any income last year?
"Did any minor child of yours receive any salary
last year?"
Showing, as I have said, that that is to be
embraced in the income return with 110 credit
for his maintenance.
"liaveyou included in this return tho income of
your wife, and salary received by minor children?"
Implying that the tax-payer has these in-
comes and has concealed them. First you ask
him whether he had any income, and then if
his wife had any income, and whether he had
included that, and then going on as follows:
" Have you any stocks, and what arc they ?
" Have you bought or sold stocks or other prop-
Cr" liavo you any United States securities ?
"XIavo you given or transferred to any child 01-
children of yours, or to any other person or persons,
the income, gains, or profits, or any part of the in-
come, gains, or profits aribing during the year 1850
from stocks, bonds, or other securities, or from any
source whatever ? ,
" Is such income included in the foregoing return?
" Have you transferred any stocks, bond1:, 01- other
securities, or any other property, or tho interest or
other gains or profits arising therefrom during tho ;
year 1869 for the purpose of diminishing your own '
taxable income, andif so when and to whom?
" Have you kept any book account?
"Is your income estimated, or taken from your {
books? . .
"Have any of the deductions claimed m your re-
turn already been taken out of tho amount reported
as profits? .
"Did you estimate any portion of your profits m
making your return for previous years ?
" Was any portion treated as worthless, and, if
sinco paid, havo you includod it in this return ? "
Tho administration of the law is based 011
the assumption that every man who is called
upon to pay this tax is dishonest. This form
has been sent out giving every man who reads
it notice that he is suspcctcd, and that notice
coming from the Department will produce its
legitimate results, and it has done it. Sir, I
say to-day that this nation can bettor afford to
do away with the thirty-four millions of money
realized out of the income tax than it can to
sow the seeds of demoralization among its
people and sap that virtue which is the life of
the Government itself. It is better economy
to so administer our laws as to encourge virtue
and uprightness rather than to lead the people
into temptation. There is more wisdom in that
prayer, "Lead us not into temptation," than
there is in the whole income tax law from be-
ginning to end. It is not founded on that
prayer at all. . ,
Now, Mr. President, this being the practical
operations of the income tax law, it is no
wonder that political economists have come
to the conclusion that they have in relation to
it. John Stuart Mill, in his Principles of
Political Economy, page 600, says :
"The tax, therefore, on whatever principles of
equity it may be imposed, is in practice mioraitm
ono of the worst wjys, falling' heavier on tho luodt
c°n^iontioUi^^ fcarcti( therefore, that tho f.iirness
which belong-* to tho principle of an. income tax
cannot be made to attach to it in practice, and tn.u
this tax, wiille apparently tnemost just 01 all modc.j
ci raUing a levenue, is in. clTcct more unjust than
lm'iiv others which arc prima facie more objection-
able. This consideiation would lead us to concur in
the opinion which, until of late, hab usually prc\ aucu,
that direct taxes on income should op reserved iwaa
extraordinary resource lor great nation*' 1 emergen-
eies, in which the necessity ot a largeaduitionai rev-
enue overrules all objections.
Again, speaking of a graduated tax. similar
to the income tax, he says:
"The objection to a graduated property tax applies
in an aggravated degree fo the proposition of an
exclusive tax on what is called 'realized property;
that is, property not forming a part ot any capiua
engaged in business, or rather m business under the
superintendence of tho owner, as land, the public
fund's money lent on mortgage, and shares U pre-
sume) in joint stock companies. Lxeept the I> P°OI>:'
of applying a sponge to the national deot, no sucn
palpable Violation of common honesty has found
sufficient support in this country during the present
generation to be regarded as within tho domain of
discussion. It has not the palliation of a graduated
property tax, that of laying the burden pn those best
able to bear it; for ' realized property' includes the
far larger portion of the provision made for those
who are unable to work, and consists in great part
of extremely small fractions. I can hardly conceive
a moro shameless pretension than that the major
part of tho property of tho country, that of mer-
chants, manufacturers, farmers, and shop-keepers,
should bo exempted from its share of taxation ; that
these classes should only begin to pay their propor-
tion after retiring from business, and if they never
retire should bo excused from it altogether.
" But even this does not give an adcauate idea of
tho injustice of tho proposition. The Burden thus
exclusively thrown on the owners of the smaller
portion of the wealth of tho community would not
even be a burden on that class of persons in per-
petual succession, but would fail exclusively on those
who happened to composc it when the tax was laid
on. As land anil those particular securities would
thenoeforth yield a smaller net income relatively to
the general interest of capital anil to the profits of
trade, the balance would rectify itself by a perma-
nent depreciation of those kindsof property. Future
buyers would acquire land and securities at a reduc-
tion of price equivalent to the peculiar tax, which
tax they would, therefore, escape from paying; while
tho original possessors would remain burdened with
it even after parting with the property, since they
would havo sold their land or securities at a loss ot
valuo equivalent to the fee-simple of the tax. Its im-
position would thus be tantamount to the confiscation
for public uses of a percentage of their property
equal to tho percentage laid on their income by tho
tax. That such a proposition should find any favor
is a striking instance of the want of conscience in
matters of taxation, resulting from the absence of
any fixed principles in tho public mind and of any
indication of a sense of justice on the subject in the
gen eial conduct of Governments. Should the scheme
ever enlist a largo party in its support the fact would
indicate a laxitv of pecuniary integrity in national
rh'a irs scarcely inferior to American repudiation.
Thus much for the opinion of an English
political economist, which, however, I do not
value as much as I do the experience of the
men who have suffered under the administra-
tion of this law.
Now, sir, I have endeavored to show that
this law is of doubtful constitutionality. I
have endeavored to show that it is not uniform
in its operation either on the population, on
valuation, or on representation. I have under-
taken to show its demoralizing effect; that it
is excessive; that it is impolitic; that it is un-
wise. AU these results have been borne by the
pcoole almost without a murmur, because they
looked forward to the day of deliverance.
The Senator from Ohio took occasion to
remark th;it there was no contract in the
law which bonnd Congress. Of course there
was no contract in the law which prevents
this Congress from exercising its power. It
is not a question of power. Taxation is an
attribute of sovereignty. We could not part
with it if we would. W e could not even lor a
consideration, as it has been decided in some
of the States, part with the general power of
taxation ; and if there had been incorporated
into that law a provision that parted with our
power of ever reimposing the tax, of course it
would not have been binding. But, sir, remem-
bering that taxation is an attribute of sover-
eignty', is there any other law on the statute-
book of this country, or in any other country
exercising this Gixnnont sit tribute ot sovgt*
eignty, which contains in it an apology for the
exercise, and a promise not so to exercise it
again?
The authors of this law knew that it was a
war tax ; and when they said it was a war tax
they meant a tax necessary to enable us to go
on with the war, not a tax to be continued
after we got through with the war. That was
the sense in which it was a war tax; and m the
law twice repeated is the hope held out to the
people, "Pay this tax until 1870, and you shall
pay it no longer." Now, sir, I am sorry to say
it, but I must in candor say, that the Govern-
ment committed a great indiscretion in vio-
lating that promise, and in doing it in such a
way as, upon the doctrine of the benator irom
Ohio, was a clear violation of the Constitution.
