1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4365
with all his intelligence, could not get at what
the bill meant from the reading of the report |
is some reason why we should not be called \
upon to deal with it before it has been print- j
ed. There is quite a number of things I wish
to ask about. I want to know why the staff
department is left as it is ?
Mr. LOGAN. I will explain that lothegen- j
tleman from Massachusetts, if he wishes, and
I will do it ri-rill. now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In a few
minutes, I wish to know why it is, when we
strike off the commutation of rations, five years
rations, wo put on ten per cent, of the pay in-
stead. which, in the case of generals, running
up to forty per cent., would give an increase of
$4,800. The greatest amount now given is to
the Adjutant General, by the commutation of
the longevity ration, being about right or nine
hundred dollars a year in the way of rations.
1 also vvi.-'h to know how v;e save money by
allowing oncers a year's pay fordoing nothing
for a year alter being mustered out. i should
like to know now we save $4,000,000 that year.
There aie a great, many questions which 1
wisn <o ask. but which i cannot ask because
I do not know what changes are made m the
bill by the conference committee. 1 ask my
friend, therefore, that in this great matter of
fixing the status of the Army of the United
States we shall have the amendments printed,
so we may consider them. 1 do not know but,
I can agree to the whole of them and to the
system whieh is proposed ; but the difficulty is
I cannot understand the system. I have given,
as my friend knows, considerable attention to
this subject, and desire to sustain him in any-
thing which maybe right and proper. I appeal
to him, therefore, to let, these amendments be
printed.
Mr. LOGAN". Now, if the gentleman will
allow me, I will answer some of the questions
he has asked me. He does not understand the
bill at, ail. When he speaks of ten par cent,
added to the pay it is just what he voted for in
the House. It has not been changed in any
particular. It does not apply to brigadier gen-
erals or generals at, all. It is that oliicers below
the rank of brigadier generals shall have ten
per cent, added to their actual pay for every
five years of service, until it reaches lorty per
cent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, ihat is
just what I wish to call attention to. I want
to know what it is, and I ask that the report
of the committee of conference may be printed,
in order that I may know exactly what changes
are proposed by it.
Mr. LOGAN. I shall proceed to answer
another of the gentleman's questions. He
wants to know how there is to be a reduction,
at least, for the first year, when these men are
to receive one year's pay and allowances from
the time they are mustered out. In reply to
the gentleman, I will say that the bill in that
particular is precisely what it was when it was
discussed in this House, it passed the House
with that provision, it passed the Senate with
that provision, and it has that provision Siiil.
1 will now answer another question put by
the o-entleman from Massacnusetts. He wisned
to know how the bill saved $4,000X00. I aid
did not say that it saved $4,000,000 now; but
I paid that it will save an amount approximat-
ing to $1,000,000 per annum from the time
the muster-out takes place, which will be on
the 1st January next; and I say so still.
Now. I do not know that I have any objec-
tion to'have the amendments printed, if the
House should think that to be desirable ; but
I have stated the facts about the bill just as
they are. I say that it now provides precisely
what the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] advocated so strenuously on tne floor.
And 1 think it strange that he should take the
position he now does when its provisions have
been fully explained to him, and when I have
stated that there is not a solitary provision m
this conference report which has not been
printed heretofore, either in the Senate bill or
the House bill, except in so far as modifica-
tions were made in the Senate. The only other
difference is that some provisions have been
stricken out.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will tho
gentleman state whether there was any pro-
vision as to traders?
Mr. LOGAN. There was. Precisely the
suae provision as is made here was embodied
in an amendment made by the House on motion
of General Neglevt. Then, as regards the
striking outof the provision as to stall'appoint-
ments, I will explain why that was done. The
Senate refused to agree to that provision. We
wanted to reduce the staff, and the Senate
would not agree to that, but put in a provision
of their own. We compromised by striking
out, what the Senate had done, and also what
the House had done in this particular; and
why? Le^anse we thought that on confer-
ence wo might agree upon a bill as to the staff'
appointments, separate from this bill. I now
move the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me, 1 will make an inquiry
before he calls the previous question. 1 wish
to ask him whether, in regard to major gen-
erals and brigadier generals, the principle of
mustering out by selection of the President is
to prevail, as in the original bill, or whether
the reduction is to take place by absorption as
the offices become vacant?
Mr. LOGAN. I thought Iliad stated what
the proposition was in regard to that. 'The
Senate changed the provision of the House bill
in that particular. They proposed to reduce
the number of major generals to three, and of
brigadier generals to six, according as vacan-
cies occurred by resignation or death. In the
House bill we proposed to muster out at, once
all above those numbers. But tho Senate
changed that and provided that the number
should not go above three major generals and
six brigadier generals, after being reduced to
that point by resignation or death. We agreed
to that, because there was no way of effecting
a compromise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. From the state-
ment of tne chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs I think wo have before us a
report embodying as good a bill as wc can
expect to get, during tins session of Congress.
I should be glad if. as has been urged by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, tho House
sbouid see fit to older the report to bo put in
print, so that we might have time to look over
it. However, so far as I am individually con-
cerned, the remarks of the chairman of the
committee have sati.-fied my mind.
I wish also to say in a single word that I
think the suggestion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that the bill ought at once to
reduce the expenditures several million dol-
lars, ami onglit at once to turn out a great
many officers, should not be allowed any par-
ticalar weight. I would farther say that 1 am
glad we are about to pass a measure precisely
similar in its character to a bill which was
urged by the Committee on Military Affairs a
year and a half ago, and which was laid over
because some gentlemen desired to make it
much more stringent and to dismiss a great
many officers at once.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 now move the previous
question.
The q.iestion was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 80, noes
15; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Looan, and
Mr. Buti.eh, of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 113, noes 0.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered and put;
and under the operation thereof) the report of
the commit tee of conference was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DXPENSE3 01' VISITING INDIANS.
Mr. DAWES. There is upon the Speaker's
table a joint resolution from the Senate to pay
the expenses of delegations of Indians visit-
ing tho city of Washington. I ask unanimous
consent that it be taken up and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that tho House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. DEGENER: The petitions of B. P.
Reynolds, W. H. Flemming, and C. L. Thur-
mond, of Texas, praying relief from political
disabilities.
Also, petitions and papers relative to the
harhor ot Brazos Santiago, Texas.
By Mr. GETZ: Tho petition ofE. Mishler,
Tobias Barto, Close & Herb, and others, deal-
ers in distilled spirits in the city of Reading,
Pennsylvania, for the repeal of the stamp tax
upon spirits, and the enactment of a law tax-
ing distilled spirits, at the distillery only, upon
the basis of maximum capacity.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of S. S. Pot-
ter, for payment for the use of his buildings in
New Albany, Indiana, for hospital purposes
by the United States during the late war, &c.
By Mr. MAYI1AM: A petition of the citi-
zens of Albany, New York, asking a repeal
of the internal icvenno stamp law, and the
enactment of a law taxing distilled spirits at
the distillery only.
By .Mr. McNEELY: Petitions and proofs
in matter of claim of Captain John Mix and
First Lieutenant Randolph Norwood, second
United States cavalry.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of Joseph
Schlitz and G others, brewers of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, for repeal of laws classifying dealers
in malt liquors as liquor-dealers.
By Mr. PORTER: Tho petition of John
Davis, of Buckingham county, Virginia, pray-
ing that his legal and political disabilities, im-
posed by the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution, be removed.
Also, the petition of Enoch Atkins, of Giles
county, Virginia, praying that his legal and
political disabilities, imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution, be
removed.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : Tho petition of
It. C. Emory and 118 others, citizens of Sciote
county, Ohio, praying for the establishment of
a post road from Franklin Furnace, via Pow-
ellsville and Lynn, to Scioto Furnace.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 10, 1870.
The House .met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF liUSINJiSS.
Tho SPEAKER. This being Monday,_ the
first business in order wili be the call of the
Siates and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are ill order.
OEOftOB V. KOIilNSON.
Mr HALE presented the resolutions of tho
Legislature of the State of Maine in relation
