1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
of the murder of the defenseless black, in whose
heart beat higher and nobler aspirations for
borne to us upon the winds "from the South
every night: • And yet the whole Democratic
party, and especially my honorable and dis-
tinguished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Thurmasj-,]
stands aghast atthe idea that we'should attempt
here in Congres's'to put an end to this bloody
reign trtid restore' .order and peace where now
are chaos and disorder.
Sir, I assert that this nation has borne with
Georgia lon^' enough. It owes it to its own
dignity, it owes it to a manifestation of its in-
herent powers, it owes it to humanity that it
should assert its power, and by force bring her
back into her orbit where she belongs, or at
least, if not by force, bring her back so that the
pathway shall be pointed out and she be told
" 'This iVthe way; walk ye in it,' and if ye do
.not ye shall no more enjoy the mansions that
are in your Father's house."
Learned argumentshave been made here to
' show that'States cannot go out of the Union ;
that it is not constitutional for them to do so.
We have heard*svtch arguments from the dis-
tinguished'Senator from Ohio [Mr. TmrRMAN]
down to the able Senator who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Norton,] "You cannot do it;
States are never out of the Union." 1 answer
to that, they are outand'have been out. " You
cannot do it constitutionally." No, sir; you
cannot murder constitutionally, and yet mur-
ders are an every-day occurrence. Cannot do
it! They have done it. How? They not
only trampled under foot the Constitution, of
which my 'Democratic frlonds are tho nurses
hero; they not only defied its mandates and its
powers, but'they built another which would be
more congenial to the honorable Senator from
Minnesota who has just taken his seat than tho
old one, or the remnants of tho old ono that
are loft. "They never we're out ofthe Union';"
so the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] has told us for tho last four years. He
told us so when the air was thick with the
fragments of tho rebellion and tho very temple
was shaken to its cento*. Sir, it is wise men
who meet facts prccisbly as they exist and
apply thei'etnedy necessary to euro tho evil.
Why, sir, I had supposed that that old Slate-
rights theory was drowned in tho ocean of blood
it has cost this nation. I had supposed that
that was one of the captured heresies of the
rebellion. But not unlike tho condition of the
reconstructed States, while wo arc trying to
bring them'up the Democratic party aro trying
to reconstruct in all its deformity that doctrine
of State rights which has shaken tho temple
of liberty to its very base. Tho Senator from
Delaware woke up as from a dream upon tho
old dpctrine of State right. Sir, that doctrine
as proposed and propounded and defended by
the Democratic party has cost this nation not
only treasure but blood ; and I ask my honor-
able friends on the other side if they want to
again resurrect and bring up that hydra-headed
monster? And yot not a speech is made on
that side that does not sound as they used to
do before the rebellion. We hear that there
is no power in the General Government; that
/ the States are omnipotent, sovereign States—
with the accent on tho "sovereign"—all the
time. I repeat, I suppose that was a captured
heresy, and yet they cling toitand roll it under
their tongues as a sweet morsel. Sir, it threw
this nation iuto rebellion and confusion, and I
know my honorable friends would not like to
do that again.
Mr. President, I do not think it is worth
while to talk much on this subject. I want to
bring it to an issue and I want to bring the bill
to a vote, and the principal object in my rising
was to appeal to my Democratic friends on the
other side to let us vote right off. I judge that
my special friend and old acquaintance, the
honorable Senator from California, [Mr. Cas-
serly,] from the books he has got on his desk
is about to enlighten us upon the doctrines of
the Constitution and reconstruction. Why, sir,
we have been constitutioned here over since
the rebellion closed, and I beg my friend to let
us vote. He will have time to write his views
all out. Virginia is, comiii'g up; we shall have
the same story on that*. Mississippi will be
here pretty soon ; there will be the same story
on that. Last of all Texas will come. There
will be three or four opportunities for the most
learned constitutional argument that can be
imagined. Let us put Georgia in ; let us vote
upon this question at once; and then I shall
be pleased again, as we have been for the last
four years, to hear these constitutional argu-
ments in opposition to reconstruction.
I shall close what I have to say by asking the
Democratic side of the Senate Chamber what
they propose to do ? This State is not in the
Union, says the President of the United States;
it is not in tho Union says the Congress of the
United States ; it is not in the Union sayseyery
attesting fact that surrounds it, and it never
will be and never can be until we pass some
law to get it in. They propose no amendment
to this measure, but they repeat the old cry,
"Let them go; let them alone." Sir, if it
applied to Georgia's controlling citizens I
would say let them alone in tho enjoyment of
their idols; but the honor, tho dignity, tho vigor,
the perpetuity of this nation and the good of
the whole require that that community should
be brought into harmonious action with all the
States.
I corigfatulato tho honorable Senator from
Ohio, if I understood him aright, and tho hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey, that they have
no further opposition to negro suffrage ; that to
each of thcra negroes now are "my fellow-
citizens." But, Mr. President, you will not
forget how those Senators were shocked when
that rifjlit of suffrage was given to colored men.
They fought that rightwith as much vigoras they
fight this measure. But how easy even they
acquiesce in existing fact and well-established
law. Tho right of the negro to vote is fixed
and tho world has not gone agog since, and they
begin to call them their fellow-citizens as
familiarly as we do.
My friend from Ohio inquired what wo were
going to do with tho Chinese. Take care
of them as men ; give them all the rights to
which they aro entitled. 1 think he could have
found a shorter mode of inquiry if he had
asked his friend on his right [Mr. Caxskrly]
what ho was going to do with them. He has
told us what he is going to do. lie is not going
to let them come. They may bo smart and
good mechanics, but when they do come, and
when tho period arrives, if it ever does, that
they vote, t shall hear my eloquent friend from
Ohio_ revel in his ancient history upon the
nobility ofthe Chinese, [laughter,] and speak
ot their old civilization, and ho will make Ohio
ring with his hidden knowledge upon that sub-
ject of Chinese and Asiatic civilization! Sir,
i we will take care of one thing at a time ; we
| will take care of Georgia now, as we took care
: of the negro when tho necessity was upon us.
We will take care of the Chinese when that
question comes ; and I congratulate my coun-
try that the distinguished talent on the other
side of this Chamber will help us to work
manfully and come to just conclusions on that
matter. They find no odor now in the black
when he has a vote ; he is as pleasant to their
smell as a white man ; they address him as 1' my
fellow-citizen," and so kind are they to colored
men that they employ them to stump then-
States ; and it does not hurt them any ! It does
not hurt the world any! The world goes along,
negroes have voted, and liberty has been saved!
My friend saysthis legislation is for the object
of getting the fifteenth amendment ratified.
Well, sir, suppose it is ; is it not worth getting?
Is not the fifteenth amendment worthy of this
labor ? To my mind it is the cap-sheaf and the
crowning stone and glory of the party of which
it was born. I know how handily the Senator
from Minnesota can shake his hand and throw
his head back when he talks of liberty, but the
plains of Minnesota have echoed back the ring
of his eloquence upon that topic, and the party
that nursed him and brought him into this body
know that celebrated and strangest metamor-
phosis which was ever seen—I allude to it with
nothing but kindness—when he started from
Minnesota a Republican and never has voted
with his party upon any important measure
since he came here. Ah, sir, he listened too
quick, to the syren song of executive power.
Little did the honorable Senator think that tho
moon had only got to fill her horns forty-eight
times before Johnson would be dead; yes,
dead. And before what power did he go down V
He went down before the irresistible power of
the Union and liberty-loving men of this coun-
try, and his memory is not savory in the nostrils
of a liberty-loving people. So all have done
that have reared their crest against this resist-
less power.; and so it will be through all time.
It may'have its temporary checks, but it will
move along by a power that the Democratic
party cannot retard. They have tried it bravely
for twelve years, and the Senator from Dela-
ware has prophesied every year that that was
the last of the Republican party, and my venfer-.
able friend from Kentucky has never failed to
give us warning 'that he saw the symptoms of
defeat and death in the Republican party.
Sir, he and I have grown older, and stand
less firm tipon our feet and limbs than when
wo came here and when these prophecies com-
menced; but, sir, liberty.has been .resurrected,
and reclothed in habiliments so beautiful and
permanent that she will stand amid the scoffs
and jeers of modern Democracy as an evidence,
as a living and' dying evidence of the glory of
the party that savedher. Prophesy no more, my
Democratic friends. The world will accuse
you of insanity or an attempt to chcat. You
have told us that our days were numbered, but
every day new stars are added to the conslel
lation. If New York wavers temporarily bol.l
Mississippi comes up clothed with youthful
vigor. If Ohio is in that condition described
by her two Senators a resurrection there would
not hurt her; and it may be, Mr. President,
that for tho lukewarmness of that people the
goddess of liberty flittered away forawhile and
gave my friend [Mr. Tuurman] a temporary
triumph. She,will come back more beautiful
than when she left, and so attractive that I
hope it will win even my distinguished friend.
| Sir, Ohio evidently gives forth an uncertain
j sound; and I would not have alluded to that
but that tho honorable Senator [Mr. ThukmanJ
in a very flippant wjy alluded to tho fact that
Ohio had furnished more soldiers than we had
voters. Well, sir, Nevada has not as many
voters as Ohio. She has as many as Ohio used
to have when she was of her ago. She may
have as many as Ohio has now when she is as
old as Ohio. But, sir, Nevada gives forth no
uncertain sound ; I have no controversy with
my colleague what elections mean there ; and
I hope that, small as she is, youthful as she is,
true as she is, she may be of that kind'of States
whose follies cease with their youth; and I trust
that tho day will soon dawn when she may be
possibly as ably represented here as Ohio is
now. I have no unkind word for Ohio. Nevada,
if ^ere ker own motion. X
allude to this because this is quite a flippant
theme with some gentlemen; the honorable
j Senator from California started it here a year
j fg0\T There are not many voters in Nevada,
; but Nevada has the elements of a great State,
' and she will be one—a State that buckled on
the armor of liberty in her first infant strug-
gle and came into this Union at the request of
this Government, not a voice from Nevada
asking if„ I hope my. honorable friend from
Ohio will not find it his duty to taunt her for
her youth or for being less in numbers than the
j State that he has the honor to so ably repre-
i sent. Now, Mr. President, I have said all I
! desire to say. I want a vote.
