1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5809
this land, especially any loyal tribunal. The
gentleman says that Mr. Mayo swears thus and
so. I admit that Mr. Mayo was intelligent,
shrewd, and cunning. Why, Mr. Speaker,
according to the reasoning of my friend from
New York no man could ever be convicted in
any court in Christendom of any crime upon
circumstantial evidence. Yet we know it is
well settled as a role of law that in many cases
circumstantial evidence is more convincing and
conclusive in its effect than any other evidence
that could be received.
Now, let me state in a few words some of the
circumstances which, to my mind, would ren-
der it overwhelming and conclusive that this
man Mayo betrayed the party, disregarded his
duty, violated his oath of office, and committed
a gross outrage and fraud on the loyal people
of that county and district. First, he professed
to be a Republican, and was appointed by a
Republican Governor of the State of Missouri.
Second, he lived in a county that gave 1,169
majority for the Democratic ticket, for Seymour
over Grant. Third, the candidate of the Dem-
ocratic party, who was then State senator and
seeking a reelection, called upon him with his
brother Democratic friends. True, Mr. Mayo
does not say that he made a bargain ; but, sir,
what did he do? Mr. Reed, the Democratic
senator himself, says to Mr. Mayo, " Appoint
the right kind of men for registrars, and 1 and
my friends will make you sheriff of Randolph
county." Although he does not say yes, al-
though he does not say no, still in a few days
thereafter Mr. Mayo announced himself in the
papers of the county as an independent candi-
date for the office of sheriff in the county of
Randolph. In a few days more he cuts off the
. heads of some of his deputies employed for the
purpose of making this registration. In a little
while longer one of these men not acting as
Mr. Mayo desired, off goes his head. Some
of those witnesses examined in this case swear
that they made a thorough investigation of every
one entitled to be registered in that county of
Monroe, and their evidence is incontrovertible.
The evidence in the case is undeniable that
only four hundred and twenty-seven in that
county of Monroe could be found who were
able to take the oath and entitled to vote under
the constitution and laws of Missouri.
Such being the facts, what do we find next?
A little further on, after the work of Mr. Mayo
had been done in behalf of the Democratic
party and against the Republicans, we find a
Democratic meeting in the county of Randolph.
We find there Reed and Hall, and all the
other leading spirits of the Democratic party,
left over from the rebel army. We find them
all present at that meeting, with Mr. Mayo in
the back corner of the room. They passed
resolutions declaring that A and B, and C and
D, and E and F, and a whole host more of
those very patriotic gentlemen who served in
the rebel army, and who wished to be sheriff,
had withdrawn from the contest; and in another
resolution it was declared that Mr. Mayo had
behaved so well, and had given such universal
satisfaction in the work of registration, that the
party should support him as candidate for
sheriff. The election took place, and when
the votes were counted in that county, a county
with some 200 Republican and 1,400 Demo-
cratic votes, Mr. Mayo was elected sheriff, and
he is now enjoying his thirty pieces of silver,
spending them I do not know how. Mr. Mayo,
in order to be perfectly satisfied, sent a mes-
senger to the Democrats for the purpose of
making arrangements, holding the Democrats
to the fulfillment of their part of the bargain.
They were to deposit in the bank from three
to five thousand dollars, to make the thing per-
fectly sure. Yet the gentleman from New York
says there is no evidence in this case showing
anything like a bargain or corrupt agreement
between these parties.
What more is there in the way of circumstan-
tial evidence? While the county of Monroe
sent into the rebel army eleven hundred and
fifty men, it sent into the Union Army during
the whole war no more than thirty-five men.
In 1866 there were only four hundred and
twenty-seven men in the whole county who
could take the oath and be registered under
the constitution and laws of Missouri. In
1868, under the administration of Mayo, in
order to carry out a bargain by which he was
to be made sheriff of Randolph county, sixteen
hundred and fifty-two men in Monroe county
are registered and allowed to come forward
and cast their votes. Can evidence be more
conclusive that this result was brought about
by Mayo, who had control of the registration
in Monroe county, in order that he might be
elected by the Democrats sheriff of the county
of Randolph?
What more? We have still more. We have
the fact from Springsteen, who appears to have
been selected to do the work of Mayo—we have
the fact from his own lips that the court sent
to him a, certified copy of the registration of
1866. The law required that it should be so sent.
The law required that it should be before the
board, for the purpose of showing who at a
former registration were entitled to vote and
who were not; and yet that same man swears
that the clerk did send him that copy; and
what did he do with it? Why, he put it in
his drawer. He never produced it on any
occasion. He never presented it during the
whole progress of the work, and nobody but
himself ever saw it. And so far as I know,
or the evidence goes, nobody knows whether
he ever read it himself or not. There is some-
thing more in the conduct of these registrars.
After this board was complete, after the men
who would not work according to order were
removed, and after the men who would work
to perform the duty for this man Mayo, and
the men who were pulling the strings behind
him—then, and not till then, Mr. Speaker, did
the plan of these performances appear. These
people were entitled by law to call witnesses ;
it was their bounden duty under the constitu-
tion and the law of Missouri to call witnesses
all around, and to make diligent and faith-
ful inquiry and examination before they put
any man upon that registry, so as to entitle
him to vote." Now, this mhn Springsteen him-
self, and all the other witnesses in the case,
swore that after this board was complete, after
the last man was selected for doing this work,
they never called a solitary witness in the
whole comity, not one.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me—and I
say it in all kindness to my colleagues on the
committee—it seems to me that the report of
the committee is a special plea for treason,
and for the benefit and in the interest of rebels.
Let me go a little further. There was not a
witness called, not a man brought to be sworn,
excent those who came forward. I do not
want to make a harsh charge against the peo-
ple of this county, or any portion of the peo-
ple of Missouri. I have given in my report
what I believe to be the true reason of these
proceedings, and I repeat it now. I believe
that under the lead of these men ; I do not
wish to say anything' harsh to the contestant
himself, for I do not know whether he was a
party to the transaction, but Hall and Reed
and the leaders of the Democratic party in
that district were in the arrangement; and it
was held under their lead that the provisions
in the constitution of Missouri and the law of
Missouri which prescribe the qualifications for
voters were unlawful and unconstitutional and
void. Springsteen says himself that in mak-
ing this registration he used the decision or
opinion of one of the judges of Missouri. And
the record shows that these parties in this case
took boldly the ground that the constitution
and the law were illegal, and were not binding
on the people of Missouri.
It is charitable toward these men, and per-
haps only fair to suppose—and I believe that
this is the true interpretation of this difficulty—
that following the advice and counsel of their
leaders, the ignorant populace who -were guilty
of this violation of the law, took these oaths,
being under that advice and counsel, under the
impression and belief that the law was uncon-
stitutional and void, and that, therefore, the
oath was not binding upon their consciences.
Why, the record shows here that four hundred
and fourteen of these men, according to the
showing of the majority report, did take that
oath in violation of law and in violation of the
oath itself. I do not know what amount of
moral turpitude is to be attributed to that. I
leave that to themselves, and to the gentlemen
who differ with me in opinion in regard to the
law as it bears on this case.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have occupied more
time already than I intended, and more, I am
sure, than I expected to do under what I un-
derstood to be the original agreement; but I
shall not quarrel with the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Churchill] about that. I desire
to allude to one legal point which was made
by the gentleman from New York, and then I
shall take my seat, and give the floor back to
the gentleman. He complains that Mr. Dyer,
the sitting member, did not produce what the
law says is the best evidence; and he states a
well-established rule of law, one with which I
cannot quarrel, but which I will say is not appli-
cable to this case; and I will state my reasons
for saying so. He says there were the tickets and
there were the men who voted them, and that
Mr. Dyer ought to have called those men for the
purpose of showing that they were disqualified.
Well, now, Mr. Speaker, our position is, and
the legal position is, that these men committed
perjury technically and. legally, if not morally,
in taking the oath which they did take, and it
would have been a splendid spectacle to call
ten or twelve hundred rebels to swear that they
were rebels when they had just sworn that they
were not rebels. And yet that is the position
that the gentleman tries to place the sitting
member in this case in. I made the remark
awhile ago that it seemed to me that there was
special pleading in this case. I think it is
worse than special pleading. I admit the rule
of law that the best evidence which the nature
of the case will afford must be offered, but that
rule of law is open to very many exceptions;
and I say that in this case the well-established
rule and practice in almost every State in the
Union make this an exception.
I say that when Mr. Dyer was calling wit-
nesses to prove that there were only four hun-
dred and twenty-seven loyal men in that county ;
when he was calling witnesses to prove that
there were eleven hundred and fifty men in
the rebel army from that county; when he was
calling witnesses to prove that there were only
thirty-five men from that county in the loyal
Army ; when he was calling witnesses to prove
that there were four hundred and eight men that
had been rejected in 1866 registered in 1868;
when he was calling witnesses to prove that the
common sentiment of the county was in favor
of the rebel cause; when he was calling these
witnesses, the contestant or any man who would
set up a special plea in his behalf was bound
then and there to make his objection. No
such objection was made. When I am trying
a case in court and have evidence in the first
degree and in the second degree, and call my
evidence in the second degree first, and the
gentlemen on the other side allow the evidence
to go in, and it is in and the case is closed.
I hold that it is too late to ask the court
then and there, after the close of the case, to
rule it out and apply the rule upon the party.
We hold that he must have produced the best
evidence the case afforded if he has been
called upon by the other party, but as I have
shown, it was simply a ridiculous proposition
to ask the sitting member to call eleven hun-
dred rebels to prove that they had not been in
the rebel army, when they had just been up to
swear that they had been. It strikes me as
being very much like a special plea set up in
behalf of treason.
