520
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 17,
Senate.
Franking Privilege—Mr. Fowler.
41st Cokg....2d Sess.
The personal income tax expired beyond all
question in 1870. The only question that could
be made—and there was none in that worth
making—was, whether the special tax upon
dividends and upon interest continued after
3870; and if that were true, then the contin-
uance of that tax, according to the authority
of the Senator from Ohio, was unconstitu-
tional. But with that very grave doubt resting
upon it, notwithstanding the promise to the
people that the income tax should cease in
1870, the Government has gone on and has
collected the tax upon salaries and dividends,
and are now in the courts awaiting adjudica-
tion on the question whether they had a right
to do so or not.
Mr. CONIILING. You mean the execu-
tive department.
Mr. SCOTT. I mean, of course, that part
of the Government intrusted with the admin-
istration of the law. They did it honestly, I
havo no doubt. They felt that there was a
necessity for revenue, and they desired to go
on with it. But it would have been better for
the Government if that law had been kept
literally with the people, anil the question of
its continuance had been loft to be settled by
the popular voice.
Now, sir, these features of the law to which
I havo called attention have made the people
restive. There is another, to which I merely
advert, namely, the clear violation of the Con-
stitution in not exempting the salaries of
United States judges and the President of the
United States. The Constitution provides that
their salaries shall not bo diminished during
their continuance in oilieo. If we can tax
them five per cent, we can tax them twenty,
and thus take away their salaries and destroy
tlm independence of the judiciary. All this is
being violated. The judiciary, to their honor
be it said, have never sent up a case to be
tried. The peoplo havo paid this tax, and now
that the promised day of deliverance has come
they demand lullillment of that promise.
Has there been a petition presented—if so,
I have not hoard it—for the reimposition of the
income tax V 1 have board many of them pre-
sented against its reimposition. I have pre-
sented many of them myself, though 1 do not
know why it is that tho reports of the Asso-
ciated Press, as a general rule, do not contain
the presentation of those petitions, especially
when they come from Philadelphia. 1 do not
know why that is; but I have presented many
of them; and IVom the rural counties of my
Commonwealth 1 havo received very many
letters, all asking me that this tax shall bo re-
moved, while 1 have not received one for its
reimposition. This, then, is the demand of
tho peoplo.
[ had intended to say something about it not
being neceswuy to reimpose the tax; but this
bill will bring that question up in other aspects,
and 1 refrain from trespassing further on tho
time of tho Senate.
Mr. President, 1 have made these remarks,
not lor tho purpose of occupying any space in
the Congressional Globe, but because in hon-
esty and in conscience I believe that this Gov-
ernment cannot afford to reimpose this income
tax. We must keep faith with the people.
They expect us to keep faith with them; and
it ia a gratifying fact to know that we can keep
faith with them, and still keep on paying at
least $o0,000,000 a year of tho national debt
without this income tax. I know that the tax-
gatherer, and it has always been so from the
day when tho Saviour was reproached for sit-
ting down with publicans and sinners—the
tax-gatherer has never been welcome.
But, sir, there are numerous forms of taxes
which will be uniform, which will be equal,
which will bear on property ; and again 1 say
that I piotest against any system of taxation
which is at war with that principle we have
been taught to revere as the foundation-stone
upon which this Republic was built—that taxa-
tion and representation sho&ld go together. I
protest against any law containing a principle
which, carried to its logical results, will justify
any man in saying that those who pay the
largest amountoftaxes should claim the largest
amount of the representation of the country.
These views I honestly entertain, and I present
them, hoping that the sense of the Senate will
be that this income tax can be dispensed with
and must be abolished.
Franking Privilege.
SPEECH OP HON. JOSEPH S. FOWLER,
01' TENNESSEE,
Jjf THE SliXATE OF THE UNITED STATIC,
June 17, 1870.
Tho Senate having under consideration tho bill (H.
It. No. 1828) making appropriations for tho service
of the Post Office Department for the fisoal year end-
ing Juuo 30,1871, tho question boinj; on abolishing
tho franking privilege—
Mr. FOWLER said:
Mr. PitESiJDEXT : The members ofCongressat
the commencement of the session found their
mails loaded with petitions from every part
of our expanded territory. They were "all of
the same edition, issued from the same press,
and identical in language, showing that they
nil emanated from Washington, from the Post
Ollice Department. They asked tho abolition
of the franking privilege. The universality
anu uniformity of the pi aver was tho lirst strik-
ing featuie of it. They proved it either the
prayer of one man or the result, of a widespread
and fatal political plague. Tho calamity of
receiving a public document or a paper of new
and valuable seeds, or an occasional letter from
a member oi Congress, does not appear to bo
a cause adequate for such a widespread wail
lor relief. It is, however, sufficient that the
hearts of the wise and patriotic members of
tho liouse, promptly and without discussion,
proceeded to grant the prayers of the petition-
ers. They hastily passeda billthatput the knife
deep into tho lamented wound and severed the
malady complained of from the body of the
nation's laws. Tho biil forbade at once the
transportation of all free matter through the
mails. The immediate effect of the great reform
was to sever all connection between the people
and tho Government, for no officer could aii'ord
to pay tho postage on the public business. The
Departments, organized for the immediate good
of tho people, wore rendered useless under its
thoroughness.
I may here remark that this wholesale re-
formation was never in good faith contem-
plated by the great body of the men who passed
the measure. Yet the bill had friends, and per-
sistent ones, who, seeing the weak point of
attack upon this ancient and useful duly of
o Ulcers and members of Congress, have changed
the baso of their operations, and have made
the use of the frank by members of Congress
tho objective point of attack. It has been
alleged that all the gross violations of this
privilege were committed by members of Con-
gress and persons who forged their franks. It
is now proposed to save to the Government the
cost of mail matter illegally franked through
this avenue. This contracts the domain of the
great reformation within exceedingly narrow
limits. Thus. the exalted statesmanship that
discovered this wonderful drain upon the pub-
lie Treasury, and conceived the remedy, has
now come down to an area better suited to the
exercise of its powers. Its sphere of activity
is now confined to tho counterfeit franks and
tho unauthorized ones. It will not be doubted
that some persons have counterfeited the frank
of members of Congress. It is conceded that
members of Congress now and then frank a
letter or paper to a citizen not technically
frankable.
What would this amount to in the course of
a year? We are at a loss to estimate the
amount of matter sent by forged franks or the
number of letters and documents sent by mem-
bers of Congress not authorized by law. [
have listened with attention to the arguments
of the friends of this measure, and am totally
unable to discover any estimate of the loss to
the postal revenue from this source. It cannot
in any truthful statement be placed beyond a
few hundred dollars. No man of careful and
accurate habits of calculation will place the
loss by forged franks at more than $100. It is
a rare thing to hear of a single case. The Gov-
ernment loses less by this process than from
any other of the many and constantly active
leakages. Of the loss from documents, papers,
speeches, and_ letters improperly franked we
have no definite information whatever. We
are left entirely in the dark on this subject.
It has been thought sufficient by the friends
of this great reformation to allege the fraudu-
lent use of the mails upon members of Con-
gress to give it currency. This general charge
will not supply a generous and upright people
with facts and figures upon which to base an
estimate of actual amounts. Nor will the
public bo swift to trust such wholesale abuse
ol those they have known and honored without
some evidence of its truth. Members of Con-
gress, while they may not rise above the average
morality and integrity of their constituents,
rarely fall below it. it is not probable that a
citizen of ordinary reputation would to any
great extent impose upon tho mail service
when ho has more legitimate business of the
kind to do than he can possibly attend to him-
self. Whilo the integrity of members of Con-
gress lias been assailed, and violently, in the
.preliminary steps that led to the introduction
of this measure atid the inconsiderate haste of
the House to confess judgment constitute a
grave question in the discussion, I shall not
attempt a vindication where none is required,
but confine my attention to the question before
the Senate in its practical form.
I return to the inquiry concerning the gain
to tho Government iiomthe abolition of the
" franking privilege." I propose to meet the
advocates of this me'i.-.uie upon its present base
ol operation-:. They du not now propose to
charge any of the matter now franked by the
executive department ufthe Government, nor
any of the public documents. These are still
to be paid for. Correspondence of members
will still virtually go free, as they are to be
paid for by stamped envelopes or stamps fur-
nished the members. Ttiere is no more secur-
ity in this than in tho written frank, and not
so much, save that the sign-manual may now
and then he counterfeited, as the stamp may
and will be. What, then, can this measure
save? In its bald form as first presented from
the House it would only stop the operations
of the Government; as modified by its persist-
ent friends it ispoiverless for good, and cal-
culated only to obstruct, it would not save a
mile of post load; it would not save a dollar
in transmission of the mails ; it would not,
diminish the mail service in any of its de-
partments one cent; it would, on the contrary,
augment the clerical lorco greatly in providing
for the procuring and delivering of stamps,
envelopes, &c., to members and other official.-,.
W hy, then, has this subject been forced upon
the attention of Congress? The answer is not
difficult. Habit and love of distinction. In
the earlier and purer days of our history the
Postmaster General's Department was eon-
ducted ou a limited scale compared with the
present portentous power of the same. These
