222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I think
we are all indebted to my old-timeand esteemed
friend, the Senator from Nevada,. [Mr. Nye,]
who lias just spoken, forthe pleasant turn which
liis lively and bantering remarks have given to
the course of this debate. He has alluded to
me in a spirit so amiable as to prevent my
treating him in any other temper were I so dis-
posed. But when I heard him speak of the
number of years' he had listened to disserta-
tions in fa,vor of the Constitution, and in the
same breath desire to hear no more of them,
his language showed how little proper impres-
sion they had made upon him. I was surprised
that so much good seed should have been thrown
away on ground So barren. As he seems some-
what to anticipate and in advatice to repel
anything I might say on the subject, I desire
hira to understand that I would, after his own
declarations, shrink from the task of seeking to
imbue him with any just ideas of the Consti-
tution of the Country. He will have to remain
wedded to the opinions which hehas announced
here, and which with considerable ability, and
always so far as,I am aware with good temper
and good nature, he has maintained in this
body. , "
I propose) sir, this, evening at this time not
to discuss the general merits of the bill. That
I shall defer to a later period of this debate.
I wish simply to say a few words on the subject
of the amendment of the Senator from Indiana,
and as that has undergone some change since
it came here I ask the Clerk to report it again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment as modified by the
Senator from Ifidiana.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
modified, is to strike out of the eighth section
of the bill the following words :
That the Legislature of Gfeorgiasball be regarded
as provisional only until the further action of Con-
gress.
And in lieu of these words to insert:
That the Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth
amendment proposed to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States before Senators and Representatives from
Georgia are admitted to seats in- Congress.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, gentlemen
feel, at least they express surprise, that what
they call an outcry has been raised by Sena-
tors from this side against such a feature even
in such a bill. It has been to some of them a
special wonder that my friend, the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thwrmas] who first spoke on
this subject, should have denounced with de-
served warmth and earnestness this scheme,
stated with a frankness which amounts almost
to grossness, to coerce not merely the State
of Georgia, unfortunate, helpless, worse than
a captive as she is, but through her States of
this Union against whom in their relations to
the General Government and to the Union no
scintilla of reproach catibe found. Is ita proper
thing that at this day the Senate of the United
States should be sitting here to concert meas-
ures of coercion for a reconstructed State—a
State of your own reconstruction, a State of
your own.making ? Is this all that the states-
manship of your Radical party has to show after
lour years of peace—ay, more than four years;
lour years and many months ? Is this all that
the country has in return for the torrents of
blood she has poured out and the millions of
debt she has assumed, that to-night, in the
month of December, 1869, we are sitting here,
some of you, the majority here unfortunately,
seeking to pass through this body further meas-
ures of force and coercion, of violence for this
State, and we, too few, alas, endeavoring by
such means as are left in our power to prevent
the passage of these measures? Can there be a
more complete and crushing condemnation of
Radicalism? Can there be a more decisive I
proof how utterly empty it is of all capacity to
deal with the actual problems of government? '
Why, sir, what sort of statesmanship is it that I
to-day has nothing better than the brute cure I
of the bayonet for the troubles which you say I
exist in Georgia? You have had your will, gen-
tlemen, with this subject. There has been noth-
ing to hinder you. If the Supreme Court was
suspected of a disposition to decide otherwise
than as you wished you legislated it into silence.
If the President undertook to interpose his
constitutional veto you had a power which
enabled you, with or without argument, fre-
quently without a word of debate, to override
his vetoes and to pass any measures you desired.
I say you have had everything in your own
hands. You have had complete command of
the subject. Why, then, have you not pacified
the South ? Why have you not brought back
those States to the Union ? When some child-
less mother, sitting by her lonely fireside in a
cottage of New York or Ohio, sees through a
mist of tears her first-born fall upon the distant
field where the swaying standards mark the
eddying currents of the fight, and she asks her-
self, "What has become ofthe Union for which
my boy died ?" I demand to know what answer
you have to give. You, grave and reverend
Senators—what have you done with this Union ?
Why has all this blood been spilt? Why has
this mountain of debt been laid upon the coun-
try? To-night you are as far away from any
result, even on your own theory, that is satis-
factory to you in the State of Georgia; that
well-named Empire State of the South—im-
perial in her resources, in her capacities for
power, for greatness, for every kind of real
progress and high development under any gov-
ernment worthy of the name—you are as far
away, yea, you are further away from a restor-
ation of that State to her normal relations with
the American Union than you were on the day
when Lee laid down the standard of his lost
cause on the field of Appomattox almost five
years ago.
It was a just reproach by the greatest of liv-
ing Englishmen, the truest tribune of the peo-
ple that England has produced—it was a most
just reproach when John Bright in the House
of Commons'Said to the British minister,' 'After
so many years of your government in Ireland
you have nothing better to-day as a remedy for
the troubles of that country than violence, than
the sword, than the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus." And you, Senators of the
United States, what better have you to-day to
offer for the restoration of the power of the
Union in Georgia, for the restoration of Georgia
to the Union, than violence and the bayonet
and the suspension of the habeas corpus; for
her government, your Army and Navy?
You coerce her and you coerce us. You
force my State of California under the yoke of
your fifteenth amendment, an amendment
which throughout all her borders she abhors;
for which there was no cordial or satisfactory
support even in the ranks of your own party.
( There is a large body of Republicans in that
State of unusual intelligence, breadth, and liber-
ality of thought and feeling. The adventure
of their life, and the experience they have
gained in that new field have enabled them to
throw off the trammels of early prejudice. They
look at these questions from their distant stand-
point with a broad glance. These men, hon-
orable, high-minded, and intelligent, turned
from you in disgust at the extreme breach of
faith involved in your attempt to force the fif-
teenth amendment upon the States of this Union
in the very first session of Congress afterthe Chi-
cago platform was made and General Grant was
elected upon it. The result has been that the
overthrow^ of Republicanism is so utter and
complete in that State that there is not enough
of it left to constitute a heajthy opposition. Yet
through Georgia you are seeking to coerce the
State of California. It is perfectly and entirely
true that the blow which you strike at Georgia
pierces every Slate of this Union; and that in
compelling that helpless State by your Army
and Navy to acccpt your amendment you coerce
every other State that has not yet accepted it.
Yet gentlemen are surprised that we repel with
warmth this scheme; that we speak of it, as my
excellent friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis!
said, "with ardor;" that we argue against it as
strenuously as we know how."
The Senators from Oregon and Nevada have
informed us, the one that you have been listen-
ing to these arguments for years until you are
tired of them ; the other, [Mr. Nye,] that it is
"the old cry." Yes, it is an old cry. It is a cry
as old as human suffering wrought by human
guilt. It is the old cry that in the first days of
the world went up from a brother's blood foully
spilt by a brother's hand. It has gone up ever
since, and it will never cease to go up, never
cease to weary the ear of the oppressor and to
stir the heart of humanity so long as there is a
victim to be defended against cruel wrong. I
beg gentlemen to observe that if they will bring
forward such measures as this, each one worse
than that which went before it, they must be
content to hear such objections and in such
language as their proceedings deserve.
Coercion is contemplated here. It is avowed
all arou nd the other side of the Chamber. The
only difference between gentlemen is as to the
mode in which it shall be accomplished; whether
express, by the frank, straightforward provision
of the Senator from Indiana, or by a tacit under-
standing in the manner suggested by the gentle-
men to whom we are indebted for this bill. Has
it ever occurred to gentlemen who are dealing
with this great subject in this spirit that it must
be impossible to maintain an amendment car-
ried by the coercion of any one or more States
upon the votes of which States the amendment
has to depend for its ratification ? Can there
be such a thing in law or in politics as a rati-
fication which is the result directly or indirectly
of undue external influences applied to the party
ratifying?
Now, Senators, do not let us look at these
great subjects as though we were lawyers seek-
ing to entrap each other in a lawsuit in a
county court, and endeavoring to gain some
smaU advantage out of technicalities for a
grasping client. It seems to me, if I may say so,
with the greatest deference to the gentlemen on
the other side, that one very bad feature of the
discussions which I have heard in this Cham-
ber, or which I read before I came into it, has
been that it seems to have escaped the atten-
tion of gentlemen that it is not a lawsuit they
are engaged in; that it is not a question of
practice before a court, nor a question of hard,
technical law which they are discussing; but
that they are dealing with a great question of
public policy, of_ government, not of a few
people, but of millions of their flesh and blood;
of the government of those millions, not under
a harsh, inequitable, and oppressive system,
but under a system which in theory and in prac-
tice has been and should be the most benign,
take it altogether, with which a merciful Provi-
dence has ever blessed His human creatures.
Itfollows, in all thismatterof reconstruction,
that you entirely mistake the spirit of the con-
troversy when you overlook the greatness of
the subject. You never can, you never ought
to try to accomplish great results in govern-
ment by technicalities. Nothing can be more
foreign to the spirit in which such subjects
should be approached. Nothing can be fur-
ther from the least pretension to statesman-
ship, even if on any technical ground it could
be justified ; or rather, I will not say justified,
but sheltered. If you attempt to coerce this
State or any State into the ratification of your
amendment, nothing is more clear than that it
must be fatal to yourselves as a party in yonr
permanent future position and success in the
country. Gentlemen may argue—and for the
sake ot this discussion I will grant they may
argue successfully on technical grounds of law—
that Congress may enact an untruth in refer-
ence to this ratification; that it may declare an
amendment ratified duly which has not been
ratified as a matter of law, fact, justice, or right,
either because it was ratified by fraud or vio-
lence, or by less than the number of States that
should ratify, I say, for the purposes of my
