1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
one of the most valuable officers in the service,
and a man of truth, from whom a letter was
received and read before the committee, and it
cau be read here if the Senator from Wiscon-
sin desires it, stating all the facts in regard to
this case. I have not the smallest doubt in my
own mind of her entire loyalty throughout the j
rebellion. I do know about it myself after she
returned from South Corolina and went to the
West. I knew her personally; and she was
then with a nephew, who was an officer in the
Army. These facts I know, and the letter of
lier brother-in-law, Commander Temple of the
Navy, can be read if the Senator from Wis-
consin desires. I think it would leave not a
particle of donbt on his mind.
Mr. CONKLING. When did she go West?
Mr. DRAKE. In 1863, after the death of
her husband. If the Seuator from Wisconsin
desires to have that letter read, I will have it j
read.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot have any desire about
it, because I do not know what the letter is.
I should like to see the evidence of the loyalty
of this lady. If the Senator means to testify
himself, I would as lief have his testimony as
any other. !
Mr. DRAKE. I send Commander Temple's
letter to the desk, and ask that it be read. J
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Washington, D. C., February 18,1870.
Sik : I understand that Mrs. E. Grace Stevens's
claim to receive a certain amount of unpaid allot-
ment money, doe her at the commencement of the
war may depend for its success upon the question
whether or not she remained loyal to the Government
during the war; and I therefore beg leave to offer
tbe following statement:
Mrs. Stevens and my wife are sisters, and daughters 1
of the late General Totten, chief engineer of the
Army; and of coarse there was great anxiety in the
family at the beginning and throughout the contin-
uance of the war as to her action and feelings when
her husband left the Navy and adhered to the rebel
cause. My statement, therefore, is chiefly based upon
what was a matter of notoriety in the family. When
she returned from Madeira and learned that her hus-
band had refused to take the oath of allegiance and
had been placed in Fort La Fayette, she expressed
her satisfaction in the warmest manner that he could
not take ap arms against his country, and her hope
that he would be prevented from so doing, even if
it should involve his imprisonment for the whole
war. She authorized me to ask if he oonld be released
on his parole, that he would oonfine himself to the
limits of any northern State, or city, or district, and
would take no part in the war, so that he might be
able to go into business. When he was exchanged and
sent South by our Government she expressed her sor-
row and disappointment, even while following him
as a wife. During her residence In the South she was
noted among his family for her steadfast adherence
to the Union cause, and her principles were generally
respected; but when through inadvertenee or through
ignorance of her sentiments on the part of strangers
the conversation became abusive of theGovernment
or of the North, sheinvariably left the room. When
her husband was killed in battle she left his family
and returned to her own : and both at that time (in
1863) and ever since she has identified herself with
the loyal people of the North, always speaking with
satisfaction of "our" victories and of "rebel" re-
verses. In short, I have never known her to utter a
word that could be construed into any sympathy with
the rebels, or with their cause; but, on the contrary,
she has always been outspoken on our side. -
Respectfully,    , „    „
WILLIAM G. TEMPLE,
Commander, United States Navy.
Hon. Chablss D. Dbaeb, United States Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to know
from the Senator from Missoari how this claim
originated.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania was not in when the
bill was read. It is the balance dae her on an
allotment ticket, left by her husband when he
went out in 1860 on a crnise. It is for money
accrued under that allotment ticket in her favor
up to the time he was dismissed from the ser-
vice in September, 1861. That is the whole
thing. The facts are set forth in the written
report of the committee, which has been read.
Mr. CAMERON. That is satisfactory.
XIr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Missouri if this payment would
have been made to Mr. Stevens had he lived.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir. It would have been
made to her at any moment that it was applied
for, but Bhe was out of the country, was in
Madeira, and came back to this country about
the same time that his ship returned, and had
no opportunity before he went South to make
application to the Department for it. There
is no mistake about the facts. I have investi-
gated them all myself with very great care.
Mr. HOWE. I ought to say, having raised
this objection, that I am entirely satisfied with
the explanation made here by the Senator from
Missouri. It seems to be one of those dis-
tressing cases which were not infrequent during
the war, where families were divided in senti-
ment. This lady does seem to have been, if
the testimony can be relied upon, unfaltering
in her attachment to the Government under
which her husband ought to have served; and
this being money under the law appropriated
to her individual use, I do not see any reason
why it should not be paid to her.
Mr. CAMERON. As I too made an objec-
tion, I ought io say that I understand this case
very well, and I suppose the whole Senate does.
It is this: by a regulation of the Navy Depart-
ment officers are permitted to give what is
called an allotment ticket, appropriating a
certain portion of their salaries to the support
of their wives and children. That is their
property the moment it is issued. It was this
lady's property the moment it was sigued by
her husband.
While I am up I wish to say a word of the
family to which she belongs. General Totten,
as everybody knows, was a very distinguished'
officer in the Army^ He served in the war of
1812, and was at the head of his corps, the
engineers. At the beginning of the late war
a brother of this lady was brought into the
War Department when I wanted to send a per-
son upon very important service to Annapolis.
He left the War Department after sundown
one day; he went to Annapolis, and early the
second morning he returned to me, having
traveled on foot, making a distance of nearly
eighty miles in about thirty-four hours, and
thereby rendering very important service to the
country. Nobody was more loyal, more faith-
ful, or more useful to the country during the
short period General Totten lived after the late
war began than he; and I think the whole
family were with us in heart and action. I shall
vote for this most cheerfully.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the report of the
committee be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 583) incorporating the Island Institute of
Washington, District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
584) to incorporate the United Aid Associa-
tion of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 585) to establish a school of mines; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. 8TEWART. If the morning hour is
over I should like to call up a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour is not over.
Mr. POMERQY rose.  
Mr. STEWART. Let me state what the bill
is that I desire to call up.
Mr. CHANDLER. No ; I want to offer a
resolution.
Mr. STEWART. It is a bill to secure all
persons in the equal protection of the laws. I
do not suppose there is objection to the bill, and
it is very important it should be passed. I
want to get it read, at least; it is about an
inch long ; I wish to see it" anybody will object
to it in this morning hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me offer my reso-
lution.
Mr. S'UMNER. I will join the Senator in
getting up the bill. I have a similar bill to
call up.
Mr. POMEItOY. I do not yield. I desire
to introduce a bill. This is a bill that has been
placed in my hands. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have reported on the subject; but per-
haps they will reconsider their views when they
see the bill.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 586) to provide for
the sale and disposition of the Great and Little
Osage reservation, in the State of Kansas, and
to remove the Osage Indians to the Indian ter-
ritory, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it will be better to
have that bill lie on the table. The committee
have had the subject under consideration for a
long time and have reported.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to its
lying on the table. I simply wanted to call
■ the attention of the committee to it.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
! on the table.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 587) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of the Burlington and Southwestern rail-
way ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
588) to relieve certain persons therein named
from all legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and to ab-
solve them from taking the oath prescribed by
the act approved July 2,1862; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
, ties, and ordered to be printed.
NBW oklbans marin b hospital.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to cause to be examined tho unfinished iron
structure known as the marine hospital building at
New Orleans, and report the probable cost of its
completion; whether it is expedient to complete tho
same; and if not, the proper disposition of tlio samo,
and the best method of providing murine hospital
accommodations at that port.
PROVISIONAL GOVEItNOIl OK MlSi ISrfl ITl
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its consideration:
Jiesolved, That the President be requested to coio-
j municato to tho Senate a copy of any commission or
authority issued to Brevet Major General Adelbert
Ames as provisional governor of Mississippi; aDd if
no such commission or authority has been issued to
the said Adelbert Ames, that ho inform the Senate
under what authority he has acted in that capacity.
Mr. WILSON. I object to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it lie over until to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It goes over.
pirgan indian massacre.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which w'as considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to investigate and report to the senate
the facts connected with the alleged killing of Piegan
Indians in Montana Torritory, in the month oi Jan-
uary last, by United States soldiers, under the com-
mand of Colonel Baker; and that the committee have
power to send for persons and papers.
CURRENCY.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That to add to the present irredeemable
paper ourrency of the country would be to render
more difficult and remote the resumption of specie
