1536
TAB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
payments, to cncourage and foster the spirit of cpec-
ul&tion, to aggravate the evils produced by frequent
and sudden fluctuations of values, to depreciate the
credit of the nation, and to check the healthful
tendency of legitimate business to settle down upon
a safe and permanent basis; and therefore, in the
opinion of the Senate, the existing volume of such
currency ought not to be increased.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution ?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope not. Let it pass.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the present consideration of
the resolution, and it is before the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate take up
the bill (S. No. 387) to change the judicial cir-
cuits, and that it be made the special order for
Monday next at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to that.
There is already a special order. Now, if the
current business is through at the request of
Senators 
Mr. RICE. Is not my motion in order?
Can it not be acted on ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, by the usage of the Senate a bill cannot
be made a special order until it is before the
Senate except by unanimous consent. The
bill is not yet before the Senate. The Chair
is not aware that the morning business is yet
concluded. Are there resolutions to be offered ?
[A pause.] The morning business is con-
cluded, and the Senator from Nevada is recog-
nized by the Chair.
protection to all persons.
Mr. STEWART. I more that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of bill (S. No.
365) to secure to all persons equal protection
of the laws. I do not think it will take more
than a moment to pass that bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire that that bill
be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be !
read for information. I
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows: J
. Be it enacted, &c.. That all persons within the 1
jurisdiction of the United States, Indians not taxed
excepted, shall hare the same rig-he in every State
and Territory in the United States to make and
enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, give evidence,
and to the full and equal benefit of all laws and pro-
ceedings for the seenrity of person and property as
it enjoyed by white citizens, and shall be subject to
like punishments, pains, penalties, taxes, licenses,
and exactions of every kind aod none other, any
law, statate, ordinance, regulation, or custom to the
contrary notwithstanding. Mo tax or charge shall
be imposed or enforced by any State upon any per- '
son emigrating thereto froma foreign country which
is not equally imposed and enforced upon every per-
son emigrating to such State from any other foreign
country, and any law of any State in conflict with
this provision is hereby declared null and void.
sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any person
who, undercolor of any law, statute, ordinance, reg-
ulation, or custom shall subject, or cause to be sub-
jected. any inhabitant of any State or Territory to
the deprivation of any right secured or protected by
this act, or to different punishment, pains, or pen-
alties on account of such person being an alien, or
by reason of his eolor or race, than is prescribed for
the punishment of white persons, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction, shall
be punished by floe not exceedi ng $1,000 or imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or both, in the dis-
cretion of the court.
sec. 3, And be it further enacted. That the act to
protect all persons in the United States in their civil
rights, and furnish the means of their vindication,
passed April 9, 1866, is hereby reenacted, and said
act, except the first and second sections thereof, is
hereby referred to and made a part of this act.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. President, that is
an important bill. Does the Senator from
Nevada propose to press it now?
Mr. STEWART. Atonce. It ought to have
been passed at the beginning of the session.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is a very important
bill, and ought to be examined. The attention
of the Senate has not been drawn to it particu-
larly. To take up bills out of their order and
pass them rapidly through this body, when they
are of such great importance, does not seem to
me to be proper.
Mr. DAVIS. I would inquire from what
committee that bill has been reported?
Mr. STEWART. From the Judiciary Com-
mittee, after mature consideration.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, this body
has just passed, without a word of debate or a '
reason given, a resolution fixing, so far as this
body is concerned, the financial policy of the
country. Perhaps it was not even noticed by
a third or more of the Senate. It seems to me
the body is not in a very wholesome temper
this morning for disposing of a measure such
as that brought in by the Senator from Nevada.
1 If I understand it, it contains one clause so
obnoxious, as it seems to me, to every just
principle of legislation that it ought not to pass
' in any event until after a very thorough dis-
cussion. I refer to that clause which, without
any exception, subjects all pergons to certain
disgraceful punishments. " All persons" would
include judges and judicial officers; and if the
object or the operation of the bill is to subject
judges, in the conscientious discharge of their
duties, to disgraceful punishments, as though
they had committed a misdemeanor, because
under the obligation of their oath of office they
have decided contrary to the intent of the bill,
then, I say, it must be the duty of everybody
here to consider well before such a bill is to
become the law of the land. If such a bill as
that shall pass it will be but the second time,
I believe, in the history of this country when
the common-law immunity of judges and judi-
cial persons from question for judicial acts has
been made the subject of penal enactment.
Mr. STEWART. The question is on taking
up the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 49, nays 9 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,
Couklins, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Howe, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nyo, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Bice, Ross,
Sawyer, Schurs, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Hamil-
ton, Johnston, McCreery, Saulsbury, Stockton, and
Vickers—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Fowler, Mor-
ton, Norton. Robertson, Spraguc, Thurman, Tipton,
and Yates—10.
So the motion waft agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 365) to secure to
all persons the equal protection of the laws.
Mr. STEWART. The original civil rights
bill protected all persons born in the United
States in the equal protection of the laws.
This bill extends it to aliens, so that all per-
sons who are in the United States shall have
the equal protection of our laws. It extends
the operation of the civil rights bill, whieh is
well known in the Senate and to the country,
to all persons within the jurisdiction of the
United States. That is all there is in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on the Judiciary report some amendments to
the bill, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary is
to strike out in the first section, commencing
on line fourteen, the words:
From a foreign country which is not equally im- i
posed and enforced upon every person emigrating to
such State from any foreign country, and any law
of any State in conflict with this provision is hereby
declared null and void. ]
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire '
of the members of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary what is the effect of the amendment ? It i
seems to me that the effect of this is to strike
entirely at the police power of the States over :
the subject of immigration, and is leaving the
bill in a much worse condition in that point of ij
view than it was originally. ]!
Mr. STEWART. "No tax or charge shall
be imposed or enforced by any State upon any i!
person emigrating thereto." I think that lan-
guage explains itself. It is without any com-
plication.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would ask the Senators
from New York whether this provision would
not interfere with the Castle Garden regulations
i in New York?
! Mr. STEWART. It would not. That is a
regulation that is subsequent to the arrival of
the passenger. The Supreme Court of the
United States in the passenger cases decided
that the States could not charge passengers for
landing. That I understand not to be a charge
on landing. It is in perfect harmony with
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States. That is a police regulation of New
York after immigrants arrive.
^ Mr. POMEROY. I have not examined this
bill, and I desire to ask the Senator from
Nevada a question. I understood him to say
that this bill gave the same civil rights to all
persons in the United States which are enjoyed
by citizens of the United States. Is that it?
Mr. STEWART. No ; it gives all the pro-
tection of the laws. If the Senator will examine
this bill in connection with the original civil
rights bill, he will see that it has no reference
to inheriting or holding real estate.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what I was com-
ing to.
Mr. STEWART. The civil rights bill had
several other things applying to.citizens of the
United States. This simply extends to foreign-
ers, not citizens, the protection of our laws
where the State laws deny them the equal civil
rights enumerated in the first section.
Mr. POMEROY. They have the same civil
rights in that regard. Does the property of a
foreigner dying here descend under our laws?
Most of the States appoint a public adminis-
trator who administers upon the estates of for-
eigners differently from what he does on the
estates of citizens. Does this interfere with
that?
Mr. STEWART. I think not.
Mr. POMEROY. Foreignersarenotallowed
to petition the Senate. If the bill passes, will
the petitions of foreigners be received here?
Mr. STEWART. The bill reads:
That all persons within the jurisdiction of the
United States, Indians not taxed excepted, shall have
the same right in every State and Territory in the
United States to make and enforce contracts, to sue,
be parties, give evidence, and to the full and equal
benefit of all laws and proceedings for the security
of person and property, as is enjoyed by white citi-
zens, and shall be subject to like punishments, pains,
penalties, taxes, licenses, and exactions of every
kind, and none other, any law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, or custom te tho contrary notwithstand-
ing.
It has nothing to do with property or descent.
We left that part of the law out; but it gives
protection to life and property here. The civil
rights bill, then, will give the United States
courts jurisdiction to enforce it.
Mr. POMEROY. I am undoubtedly in favor
of the object of the bilL I wanted to see how
far the Senator was willing to go. So far as the
bill goes I think it is right; 1 only question the
propriety of not going further myself.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the credentials of Mr.
Revels, Senator-elect from Mississippi, are
before the Senate; and the question is on the
motion of the Senator from New Jersey to
refer them to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with instructions; and the Senator from Del
aware [Mr. Saulsbuiiy] is entitled to the floor.
funding bill.
Mr. 8HERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Delaware, if he will allow me,
as the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Patterson] is compelled to be absent after
to-day, and the Senator from New York [Mr.
Fenton] also desires to be absent, both those
gentlemen have requested me to ask the Senate
to allow them to make their remarks on the
funding bill to-day. If the Senate will grant
that indulgence I will move to take up the
