522
APPENDIXTO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
Senate.
Tax Bill—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong....2dSess.
of $5,000,000. It is true there are no facts on
which to base such a conclusion. But for the
sake of argument let us suppose it true. The
contracts for carrying the mails have all been
made. They are made in expectation that the
usual amount of free matter will be sent. What
will the people who pay for carrying this free
matter gain by now refusing to send it? Who
is to be profited by diminishing the amount
of service to be done? Only the contractors,
who get the pay at any rate. The bill before us
makes appropriations to the enormous amount
of §26,000,000 for postal service. No person
proposes to diminish the appropriation by
diminishing the matter to be carried. It will
be the same for the future. It is only a ques-
tion as to whether a car may carry a few hun-
dred weight more or less—the expense will
be diminished in no appreciable degree. It is
the gain of the people to retain it, and their
loss to part with it.
Having passed hastily over some points con-
nected with the measure which lias been de-
nominated the great reform, a reform that
strikes at the only true principle in our postal
system, instead of striking down the free mail
service it is the duty of Congress to make all
postage free. Let, every citizen have the free
use of the mails, is the doctrine. Take off the
brakes; do not put on new ones.
The War and Navy Departments are sup-
ported by taxation from tho Treasury, and why
not the Post Office? T have already shown that
postage isa tax paid by the labor. That amount
of tax can be better and more cheaply collected
by the ordinary avenues of taxation than by
the postage tax. It would bo disbursed with
more care if appropriations from tho Treasury
were made for the support of tho postal ser-
vice. Less margin would be found for middle
men who procure contracts. The real value
of tho service performed would be more care-
fully scrutinized. It would tend to guard tho
interests of the Treasury much more strictly.
The additional demands upon the Treasury
would not ho so great as some suppose, for
the annual income of the Post OBico Depart-
ment, according to tho last report, while it is
placed at about, eighteen million dollars, is
really only a little above thirteen million dol-
lars, over four million dollars having been
taken from the Treasury. Thus, wo would
not take from tho Treasury over thirteen mil-
lion dollars annually, which, by proper econ-
omy, could he reduced to $ 10,000,000. This
sum and much more is always in tho vaults of
the Treasury unemployed. Jt would perform
tho additional service to the country of going
at once info the avenues of commerce and as-
sisting tho peoplo in their various interests.
There is no argument in favor of this second
system of taxation through the Post Oflice save
that of dividing tho amount upon a new article
not embraced in the list, to bo taxed in customs
and internal revenue duties. This reposes on
a deception and fallacy. The deception is that
the people will not complain at a small charge
on a letter carried to them from remote places,
because they will not consider it a tax.
The miserable fallacy that the Post Office
must be self suppoi ting will deceive no person.
]fc is, like the Army, a great consumer, not a
direct producer. It differs from the Army in
being a great auxiliary to production, to intel-
ligence, an'd happiness. The one is an over-
active and constant companion of the interests
of society, while the other is but an inert con-
sumer and destroyer. The one deifies peace,
intelligence, and happiness; the other is the
engine of barbarism and the symbol of force,
fraud, and destruction. The one is the good
angel of the toiling millions, stimulating and
directing their efforts to new and higher fields
of gain, solacing and cheering their hours of
rest, searching out remote and obscure regions
aod bringing them in connection with the cen-
ters of trade, intelligence, and enterprise. It
carries all the blessings that affection, dis-
covery, commerce, agriculture, art, science,
politics, and religion can contribute to the
happiness of man, wherever a human being
may reside in our almost boundless realm.
Who would grudge the amount requisite to
keep this minister of light and love and beauty
in its perpetual flight?
Prom thirty to fifty millions arc given to the
Army without regret or dissent. Who asks
that the Army or the Navy shall support them-
selves? What interests do they subserve? Do
they wipe away the sweat from the laborer's
burning brow? Do they assuage the tears of
sorrow that scorch the cheeks of labor's toiling
children? I will not detract from their illus-
trious achievements, " the pomp and circum-
stance of glorious war," the ruined homes,
the slaughtered and maimed men, the bereaved
women and children; " those wrecks are all
their glory." The opening up of lands, ave-
nues of trade, the building of cities, churches,
schools, hospitals, factories, the education of
children, men, and women, are not of them.
Why, then, must the useful and the good be
taxed, while the mere insignia of power and
tho constant and useless consumer must be
supported from the nation's Treasury ? Why
must labor be forced to pour its treasures wrung
from sweat and agony into one all-devouring
maw, and reserve none for its own favorite
minister and auxiliary? Jt comes from that
homage ever paid by servility to power and its
glittering robes. It is a part of' that badge
that has adorned the nocks of slaves in all ages,
countries, and climes. No other answer is
adequate to the occasion.
1 am not going to affirm that each Senator
is a school-teacher. By no means. Would
that he were so useful a man. Still I will
affirm that tho Government, in all its depart-
ments, is a great instructor of the people, or
should bo. What mean tho debates in Con-
gress, the reports of the heads of bureaus and
Departments, if not to instruct the people?
For what was the munificent endowment of
Smithson confided to the Government? What
means the high purpose he announced ? Why
are members of Congress made the guardians
of that fund and tho executors of that purpose?
If tho illustrious and generous Englishman
whoso enlarged humanity inspired the noble
institution which boars his name in this city
had designed to select an agent best calculated
to carry out his purpose, he could not have
done better than to have endowed a free mail
for the people in this and all civilized countries.
The function of tho Post Office is the " discov-
ery and dissemination of useful knowledge
among men," It springs from the spontaneous
wants of man's spiritual, moral, intellectual,
and physical nature. It is the minister of these
over-active and self-creative attributes or ele-
ments of the human being. It arose at their
command, has grown as that command has
become more authoritative; it supplies the
nourishment of life to its creative powers. It
is activo and constant as the sun, keeping time
with tho hours and pouring its genial rays into
every corncr of the Republic. No rust of ages
covers it, reposing upon the downy cushions of
Norman castles, secure in theti'anquiflity ofits
pensioned inertia. It is the minister of the
restless spirit and "passion's host," and knows
no rest. It is as necessary to civilization and
progress as the air wo breathe, the agency of
steam, or the electric current. It should be
open to all who can write, read, or who have
the faculty to attain these accomplishments.
My proposition is, to furnish a free postage
paid from the common treasure raised from
the annual proceeds of the labor of the country.
While I am satisfied that my proposition is
the one demanded by the spirit of the age. I
am also satisfied that it cannot at present ob-
tain the assent of Congress. I intend to have
a vote upon it, and expect one vote, and only
one, in favor of it. I shall then go for the next
best plan that has been devised, the measure
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] This measure has the merit
of presenting a system well digested and com-
plete in itself. It provides for a reduction of
postage on letters and written matter. It makes
ample provision for the management of the
departmental service, providing for all theinter-
ests of the Government in postal affairs. The
system is complete, generous, and full of benefi-
cent promise to society. Opposed to it is the
crude, indigested, improvident legislation of
the chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The former is drawn from an enlarged view
of the wants of society and the personal in-
terests and demands of the highest elements
of human character. It looks to the great
and rapidly developing faculties of the human
soul. It beholds the ingrafting upon our civ-
ilization whatever of good belongs to the old-
est civilization and literature in the world's
history; not to boundless territory, grand
only in its material extent, not to the domin-
ion of arms, but to the growth of mind, to the
annexation of philosophy, art, letters, and
religion, to the conquest of reason and the
reign of peace. But how shall 1 characterize
the restrictive, the dwarfing system, that which
cuts off from the people the supply of inform-
ation they have been accustomed to have
from the foundation of the Government to the
present time? What divinity has inspired this
revolution? Has it descended from the regions
of light or darkness?
The proposition is unworthy of the age or this
enlightened body. How does it compare with
that beneficent system that proposes to carry
intelligence to every habitation in the Republic
free of charge, or at so low a rate that every man
can command it? I do not pretend that the labor
does not pay for the service. It does, but it
comes through tho Treasury, and will be more
carefully administered and more economically
collected. The cause of intelligence will be
augmented by the use of free mails or cheap
postage. Tho peace and happiness of society
will be promoted and the Union more firmly
cemented, not by power, but by the influence
of disseminated intelligence operating to dissi-
pate prejudice, rekindle the smoldering embers
of patriotism, and inspire the desire for general
improvement and enterprise.
Tax Bill.
SPEECH OF HON. T. F. BAYAHD,
0p delaware,
Ix the Senate of tiie United States,
June 23, 1870.
Tho Senate having under consideration tho bill
(II. It. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes-
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President : In 18G1 the first income tax
under a lav? of the United States was levied at
the rate of three per cent, on all gains and
profits whatsoever, and from whatever source
derived. The exemption then was $000. In
18ii3, I believe, this aet was amended and the
tax increased to five per cent, on all incomes
under $5,000 and to ten per cent, on all sums
over $5,000 in tho way of income.
There was under that law anew, most unjust,
and unjustifiable discrimination against prop-
erty per se. It was discrimination against the
measure of property. It was defensible on no
ground upon which laws should ever rest. It
was in effect a punishment for the possession
of wealth, and tending to deter men from fol-
lowing successfully all those pursuits which a
wise public policy is disposed to encourage.
