5312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Monroe. Just consider the matter for a moment.
In the last Congress, when the' vote of Cal-
laway county was wanted, the return gave
1,800 votes for that county, while the vote of
Monroe county was 426. They failed in their
little arrangement then. And this time, not
daring to go to Callaway county again, they
went to Monroe county, which may be called
Callaway under an alias. And Monroe county,
which in 1866 gave but 428 votes, was made in
1868 to give 1,652 votes. And where was
Callaway in 1868, which in 1866 gave 1,800
votes? It had bat about 500 registered voters
in 1868. That' shows that, there were fraud
and conspiracy all through this matter. ^ There
is a determination in this district of Missouri,
by force and fraud against the constitution of
that State, to put a man in here by these
fraudulent votes.
This poll of Monroe county, I say, cannot
be purged ; the legal votes cannot bo sifted out
by the rules which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Churchill] lays down, and no
doubt honestly. It is according to the turn
of a man's mind what evidence shall be suffi-
cient for him. The gentleman from New York
wants technical evidence; I want any evidence
that may be satisfactory and sufficient.
But I find I am consuming more time than
I intended. I will yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] the remainder of
my time.
Mr. DAWES. As I intend to cast my vote
in favor of the sitting member iu this case, I do
not like to do so without a few words of explan-
ation after the remark of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] that this is the case of
Switzler vs. Anderson over again.
Mr. PETERS. Only much more so.
Mr. DAWES. That docs not help the mat-
ter, for if I believed that this was the case of
Switzler vs. Anderson over again I shouldJ)e
compelled, after two years' reflection upon
a case to which I gave the most careful atten-
tion, to' cast my vote just opposite to what I
propose to do.to-day. I am content that the
case of Switzler vs. Anderson shall go down
to posterity upon the evidence in the case.
In reference to the case now before the
House, having some interest to see whether the
case of Svvitzler us. Anderson would be repeated
in it, I have taken the pains to examine it some-
what as well as my time would permit. And if
I may be allowed five minutes, I will tell the
House why I am compelled to vole to throw out
of this case the vote of Monroe county.
The voters at the polls are those whose names
are borne upon the registers. The officers of
election are permitted to receive the votes of
no other persons under the penalty prescribed
by the law. Three men were appointed to
decide upon the qualifications of the men
whose names were to be placed upon the
registered list of voters. Those three men,
therefore, are judges of the highest character,
called upon to decide a question of the greatest
moment. They are to be judges, and their
judgment, uninfluenced, unbought, unpacked,
is to decide upon the right of a man to cast
his vote. By the law of Missouri they are
appointed by a superintendent—I believe that
is his name. He is the appointing power, and
the lav/ gives him the right to remove anyone
of them for incompetency or any other cause.
It must be, however, for cause; for a righteous
and legal cause. Now, in this case what was
done ? The superintendentappointed his three
judges, and for three or four days they under-
took to discharge the functions of judges ; but
because two of them exercised their judgment,
as the law clothed them with the power, ^and
differed with the third one, he removed them
and put two others in their place ; and when
he found the court thus organized did not work
according to his prescribed rule he then re-
moved the third one, stating the ground, in a
letter to one of them, that he selected a man
io work as he would, and put him in that place
to do it. And thus he not only constituted
this court to pass on this question, but he
packed it after two trials to carry out his
views and nobody else's.
The result was, that in a county where two
years before in the Switzler and Anderson case
there were but 399 voters, there were at this
election 1,480 registered voters upon the poll-
lists; a difference in this county of 1,080 votes
in the two elections. And the testimony here
is, Mr. Speaker, from no causo has there been
any accretion of the voting population. There is
no evidence anywhere that there has been any
accretion to the voting population of that county
which would go toward making up this differ-
ence. If you want a precedent like this you
are not required to turn to a case which Ander-
son refused to prepare, but you may turn to
the case of Blair us. Barrett, which was put on
this ground, that the result of a packed court
was the accretion of three or four times the
number of voters.
Therefore, sir, under theso circumstances,
if I may be allowed half a minute, I am com-
pelled to say the result of that registration was
the result of the judgment of a court packed
for the purpose, and for that reason I must
throw it out.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, the con-
testant in this case desires to address the House;
and in case he does I understand that the sit-
ting member also desires to speak. I ask,
therefore, in behalf of both of these parties,
that they be allowed half an hour each.
Mr. CESSNA. I have been once mistaken
as to the arrangemont in this case, and I do
not propose to fall into another mistake. So
f<ir as I know, the sitting member has made no
request to be allowed to address the House. If
the contestant wishes to do so the gentleman
from New York can allow him to do so out of
his own half hour. I want this matter settled
to-night. To-morrow is set apart, after the
morning hour, for reports from the Committee
on the Judiciary, and if the case be not settled
this evening it will have to go over to Saturday
or some day of next week. I therefore object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has half an hour remaining, and if it be
his wish he can yield a portion of that tiqje to
the contestant.
Mr. BURR. The time of the other side was
extended more than five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The same extension will
be allowed to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BURR. Cannot this case go over to
to-morrow by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. No suspension of the rules
or unanimous consent could, deprive the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of their right to make
reports to-morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. The Chair will recollect as a
part of the arrangement the deficiency appro-
priation bill was first to be taken up and
considered 
The SPEAKER. Certainly, that was part
of the understanding.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I yield twenty-five mia
utes of my time to the contestant in this case,
retaining for myself the few minutes that will
then be left.
Mr. SWITZLER addressed the House. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, in the
very few moments which remain for me to close
this case, I have only to express the conviction,
which has resulted to my mind from a very
careful examination of this case both upon the
law and the facts, that the contestant here is
the legally-elected Representative of the ninth
district of Missouri.
Something has been said here in regard to
the registration of 1866 as furnishing proof that
the registration of 1868 was illegal. What was
the registration of 1866? It was a registration
made by partisan officers, who have shown their
partisan character in the evidence which they
have given in this case. In some cases they
were men who were not even residents of the
town which they registered. In one case a
man who had been but a few months a resident
of the county was appointed to register a town
in which he did not reside, and out of oue hun-
dred persons who applied for registration ht?
registered only ten.
Something has been said here as to why
objections were not made to the persons who
offered themselves for registration in Monroe
county; and it has been stated that it would
not have been safe for a person to do so. It
has been said that a person could not with
safety bear the flag of his country through the
county of Monroe.
Now, as a sufficient answer to any suggestion
of that kind, I would call the attention of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,]
and of the other members of the House_, to this
fact: eight of the ten registrars who iu 1866
registered the county of Monroe, and registered
it so sharply that out of oyer twelve hundred
persons who applied for registration they regis-
tered only about four hundred—eight of those
registrars were examined in this case, and not
one of them pretended that he ever received,
one particle of injury, or annoyance even,_ for
his conduct in reference to that registration.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They all had to go with
a militia guard.
Mr. CHURCHILL._ There is not a particle
of testimony of that kind in this case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, I know that to
have been the fact.
Mr. CHURCHILL. On the contrary, the
evidence is such, in my judgment, as to show
conclusively that that is not true. As to the
alleged party treachery of Mayo, I say, again,
that there is no proof,of it in this case. If he
was a dishonest man, he had only to keep his
mouth shut, and there would have been no
proof whatever of any corrupt proposition hav-
ing been made to him. But he stated honestly,
fairly, and frankly what I have no doubt were
the facts in the case. Instead of it being true
that he made these changes upon the_ sugges-
tion that he should receive the sheriffalty of
his county, he says that upon the suggestion
being made to him in March, it was promptly
rejected, so far as the appointment of Demo-
crats was concerned, ana that there was not a
single removal made until the following Sep-
tember. There is not a particle of proof in
this case that between March and September
a single word passed between these parties in
regard to this question of the sheriffalty. The
evidence, so far from showing corruption on the
part of Superintendent Mayo,_ I insist upon it
shows his honesty. He continued to do just
what he declared at the outset he would do ;
that is, he appointed men who would register
according to the law, and not otherwise.
Something has been said about the case of
Blair vs. Barrett furnishing a parallel to this
case. Now, I submit that the two cases are
widely different. In the case of Blair vs. Bar-
rett it was shown that extensive frauds took
place at the polls, while all such evidence i 
wanting in this case.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time for debate has
expired.
The resolutions reported by the majority of
the special Committee of Elections were as
follows:
Resolved, That David P. Dyer is not entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative in the Forty-
First Congress from the ninth congressional district
in Missouri.
Resolved, That "William F. Switzler is entitled to a
seat in this Ilouse as a Representative in the Forty-
First Congress from the ninth congressional district
in Missouri.
The substitute for those resolutions, moved
by Mr. Cessna, was as follows:
Resolved, That David P. Dyer is entitled to th«
seat ho now holds as Representative from the ninth
congressional district of Missouri.
