•^24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
out; that having no further use for him they
should turn their backs upon him and say they
never knew him. Why, Mr. President, I
remember-, in 1866 
Mr. CABSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. THALER. I shall be through in a
moment,,if my friend will pardon me. Iremem-
ber, .in 1866, when the Democratic party were
floundering about in the slough of despond,
with ho' light to illuminate their course, how
joyfully they seized upon the defection to his
party , of-Andrew Johnson, Then they sang
liozarmas .to „Ms name, and in the language of
Watts," sang-.
" This is the way we long have sought,
And mourned because we found it not.
[Laughter.] Andrew Johnson was then.to
lift them up. • . " .
Mr. MORTON. He wasto be their Moses.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, he was to be their
Moses, to .lead them out of the wilderness ;
and. now the honorable Senators turn their
backs upon him and they say they never knew
him. ,
' Mr. CASSEBIjY. I beg the Senator from
Nebraska to believ.e me when J say that had
I been aware that the few words which I said
on that subject would give him so much pain
I should, perhaps, have been induced not to
utter them. What I desired to say to the Sen-
ator from Sew York I think he has rather
missed' the point of. ,1 denied the accuracy of
his position that the "Democratic party were or
could be estopped by_ anything in the policy
of Mr.-Johnson requiring certain States of
the Union to da particular things; to insert,
for instance, an anti-slavery clause in. their
constitutions, and to adopt the thirteenth or
anti-slavery amendment; as conditions-pre-
cedent to their admission into the Union.
That and that only was the subject ofdiscussion.
I said as to, that the Democratic party was
in no way bound by his policy, "because it never
had, so far as I was informed, given in its ad-
hesion to it. I was not discussing what the
Democratic party did with reference to the
general contest between this .Legislature and
the President, as to t,hp constitutional line of
division between theBxecutive ahd-Legislative
powers-< la that contest, as I ,said—and I beg
leave to repeat il^'and I hope^ the Senator from
Nebraska .will not'have his sensibilities too
much wounded by "it——
M!r. FOWLER. .If,the Seuator from Cali-
fornia will permit me 'to interrupt him for a
.moment 
Mr. CASSBRLY. I shall bo happy to give
,my friend from Tennessee any time he wants
if he will allow me to finish this particular state-
ment. I said, and repeat, as to the great strug-
gle between Congress and the President, the
Democratic party, as a party, did undoubtedly
sympathize with the President. This was be-
cause they were well convinced that the efforts of
Congress, if successful would lead to a serious
if not ^permanent disturbance of the balances
of this Government, and to a centralization
of {sower in a single branch of the Government,
which would in '.time, if it remained and was
progressive, as allsuch revolutionary force by a
law of its nature must be, entirely destroy the
true nature of this Government.
Mr. FOWLER. If the Senator will now
allow me, I wish to state that the North Caro-
lina proclamation was issued on the 29th day
of May, 1865.
_ Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; that was the
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask .my friend to read
that proclamation. If I remember it aright,
the North Carolina proclamation contains just
exactly the doctrines on which we base our re-
construction acts. Will the Senator have the
kindness to read it?
Mr. FOWLER. I simply wished to correct
the error into which Senators fell as to the
date.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the date that
the Senator gives?
Mr. FOWLER. The 29th of May.
Mr. CONKLING. That is true, if I may
interrupt the Senator from California. He is
so very courteous that he tempts us to encroach
upon him a little." That is true; but it is also
true that as late as the 22a of September of that
year the President said to Mr. Stearns, now no
more, in a conversation which he wrote down
and carried to the President and which received
his initials and his mark of approval before he
published it, that his policy was wholly condi-
tional and pro visional, to the end when Congress
met, and, to use one of the expressions then
employed, when Congress met " my "—that is,
the President's-^-" responsibility would end and
that of Congress would begin." That would
terminate the policy and adjourn and transfer
the whole subject to the exclusive jurisdiction
of Congress.
Mr. MORTON. And the Secretary of State
certified that officially, too.
Mr. CONKLING. And the Secretary of
State, as the Senator from Indiana says, certi-
fied it officially. I had forgotten that; but I
well remember the conversation and the date
of it. It was the 22d of September. In that
fall the Republican party indorsed, as it has to
this day, stood up and upheld that policy. But
when Congress met, and the President assumed
of his own motion to assert this doctrine as a
permanent policy against Congress, then he
transferred himself to the Democratic party,
or the Democratic party transferred itself to
him, and he became a part of their ownership
and they a part of his ownership. That was
my point, and I insist that the date I stated
substantially is correct.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no disposition to
make a controversy with my friend from New
York as to his last statement. I do not admit
it, but I shall not debate it. But I renew the
assertion that there was nothing in the rela-
tions of the Democratic party to the late Pres-
ident to authorize the argument that it is in any
way estopped by his policy from questioning
the propriety, the admissibility, the good faith
or the constitutionality of a coercive power
brought to bear upon any State to induce its rat-
ification of a constitutional amendment. That
was the sole point as to which I wished to cor-
rect the Senator from New York and the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
Gentlemen may be entirely assured.that the
Democratic party will take advantage of this as
of any other weak point in their case. We shall
expect, if this bill passes with or without the
amendment, to appeal to the good sense, to the
good feeling, to the sound heart and the clear
head of the American people, which everyday
is recovering faster and faster from this fever
of its blood, against a policy of coercion ap-
plied to the States on a question of such funda-
mental importance. We shall do it upon all
proper occasions ; we are willing to go to the
country on that issue ; and we propose to pre-
sent our case, to present our proofs, to present
our arguments, again and again, until at last we
.reverse the verdicts rendered against us either
under misapprehension, prejudice, passion, or
other undue influence.
For myself I regard as of comparatively little
consequence whether coercion is expressed in
the bill or is implied as a latent menace in the
bill, as it undoubtedly is though this amend-
ment, were not there, because, in my humble
judgment the validity of the ratification of this
amendment is disposed of by two propositions
which I think cannot be successfully contested.
My first proposition is, thatthere is no power
except in a State in full function in the Ameri-
can Union, and in fullrelationwiththeUnion,
in all particulars a free State; and—though
the word seems to be so obnoxious to the gen-
tlemen on the other side—a sovereign State
of the Union, to entertain an amendment to
the Constitution or to ratify it. It is only the
power of such a State which can operate on
the subject at all.
In the next place, I submit it as a most in-
disputable proposition that in any State which
is held by military force, by the superior power
of the Federal Government, such a thing as a
ratification of a constitutional amendment is $
moral, political, logical impossibility.
Upon both these grounds ! regard your pro-
posed ratification by Georgia, and all the rati-
fications that have been wrung out of other
States while in. the grasp of the armed power
of this Government, as utterly null and void to
all intents and purposes as a question of law,
government, statesmanship, or human rights.
With these remarks, directed simply to the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana, I close
for the. present. "Whatever I have to say upon
the general merits of the bill must be deferred
until a later stage of the debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. May we hear the amend-
ment reported?
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is, to
strike out the eighth section of the bill after the
enacting clause, and to insert:
That the Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth
amendment proposed to the Constitution of tlie Uni-
ted States Before Senators and Representatives from
(ieorgia.are admitted to seats in Congress.
Mr. MORTON. I will state that the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] and the Sen-
atof from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameroh] are
paired off on the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 15; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Drake, Fenton, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, War-
ner, Williams, and AVilsoa—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard,Carpenter, Casserly. Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Fowler, Hamilton, Norton, Rice,
Saulsbury, Stockton, Thnrman, Viekers, and Wii-
ley—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cameron,
Edmunds, Ferry, Howe, MeCreery, Pool, Sprague,
Tipton, Trumbull, and Yates—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment of the Senator
from Indiana.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is, to insert as an additional section :
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall hereafter hold and exercise any office cre-
ated by the constitution or laws of Georgia, or at-
tempt to hold and exercise any such office, or to act,
or attempt to act, as a member of the Legislature of
the State of Georgia, who, having held the office or
exercised the duties of a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or a member of the Legislature of any
State of the United States, or held any civil office
created by law for the administration of any general
law of a State, or for the administration of justice in
any State or under the laws of the United States, or
held any office in the military or fiaval service of the
United States, or of the militia of any State, and
taken an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and thereafter engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the United States., or gave aid
or comfort to its enemies, or rendered support or aid
to any insurrection or rebellion against' the United
States, or held any office under or gave any support
to any government of any kind, organized or acting
in hostility to the United States, or levying war
against the United States, shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and shall, upon indictment and con-
viction thereof by the district court of the United
States, be imprisoned one year and fined in any sum
not exceeding $2,000 nor less than $500; and the pro-
visions of this section shall be applicable to any per-
son who shall have been clected to any office afore-
said, or to membership in the State Legislature, who
after the passage of this act shall continue to hold
and exercise, or attempt to hold and exercisean office,
or to act or to attempt to act as a member of a Stato
Legislature in violation of the preceding provisions
of this section.
Mr. DAVIS. I would simply inquire if the
effect of that provision is to prescribe as crimes
in Georgia what are not crimes in any other
State ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I beg that the Secretary
may report the amendment again. I did not
catch the whole of it. I think it is quite im-
portant. I do not see it in print.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is printed
