4368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
The question was put; and there were on a
division—ayes 27. noes 80.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes twenty-
five ; a sufficient number.
So tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldkidoe
and Mr. Fikxelxbuec were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 30, noes 73.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I de rnand the yeas and
nay85 on the motion to adjourn.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes twenty-eight; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 23, nays 107,
not voting 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Beck, James Brooks, Burr,
Calkin, Eldridge, Fox, liamill, Johnson, Kerr, Mc-
Neely,Morgan, Mungun, Niblaek, Randall, lleevcs,
Sherrod, Strader, Sweeney, Va n Auken, Van Trump,
Winchester, and Woodward—'2.j.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arncll, Aaper, Atwood, Axtcll, Bailey, Banks,
Barry,Beaman,Beatty,Benjamin, Bennett, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Back, Buckley, Butiinton, Burchard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, RoderickR. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Con-
ner, Crebs, Cullom. Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval. Ela, Farnsworth,
lerriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg,Fisher, Fitch. Gilfillan,
Griswold,_ Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Hay,
Hefhn, Hill, Hnlman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingereoll,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapp, Laflin, L&sk, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall,
Maynurd, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKee,
McKenzie, Mercur, Milnes, Fliakim [{. Moore,
Jesse 11. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers. O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, Rice, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober, John A.
Smith, Joseph S.Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson,
Stoke*. Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Till-
man, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. V/ashburn, Wheeler, Whitmore. Wilkinson,
Vv'iliard, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Witcher, and
Wood—137.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Ayer, Barnum,
Biggs, Bird, Bowen, Cake, Cleveland, Covode,
Cowlcs, Cox, Dickinson, Dox, Dyer, Garfield, Got:*,
Gibson. Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hawkins, '
Hays, Ileaton, Hoar, llogo, Jenckes, Alexander 11.
J ones, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Loi?an, Loughridge,
Lynch, Mayham, McCormick, Morphis, Samuel
P. Morrill, Morrissey, Ncgley, Newsham, Packer,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Putter, Prosser, Ridgwa.y,
Rogers, Roots, Schenck, Schuraaker, Scofield,
Shanks. Porter Sheldon, Slocum, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stiles, Stone, Strong, Swann. Taylor, Townsend,
voorhees, Wallace, Welker. Wells, Williams, and
John T. Wilson—70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Davis, that the House suspend the rules and
pass the bill.
Mr. BUitR. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize that motion, a motion having been made
to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN". I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 130; nays 47, not voting 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arn ell, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Beaman, Bcatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair. ' "* "
3
ill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cullom,
Davis, Dawes. Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Duval, Ela, Farnsworth. Ferriss, Ferry, Fmkeln-
burg. lusher, Fitch, Garfield, Giliillan, Hale, Hamil-
ton, Harris, Hawley, Hay, Heiim, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, Ingcrsoll, Alexander IX. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kpliogg, Kelsey,
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
Newsham, O'Neill, Orth, Packard. Paine, Palmer,
Peek, Pot ce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter,
i!oofj, San Cord, Snrgont. Sawyer, Lionel A.Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson. Stokes,
Stoughton. Strickland, Talfe, Tanner, Tillman,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson,Van Horn, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, William B.Washburn, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, Winans, and
Witcher—180.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Beck, James
Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dox,
Lldridge, Fox, Getz,Gibson, Griswold, Ilamill, Hol-
man, Johnson, Kerr. Knott, Lewis, Marshall, May-
ham, McCormick, McNeclv, Milnes, Morgan, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Randall, Reeves, Rice, liidgway,
Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Strader, Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wells,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Ayer. Barnum,
Biggs,Bird,Boles, Cake, Cleveland. Covode, Cowles,
Degener, Dickinson. Dyer, Haight, Haldeman, Ham-
bleton, Hawkins, Hays, Heaton, Hoge, Jenckea,
Lousrhridge, Lynch, McKenzic, Morphis, Morrissey,
Negloy, Packer, Peters, Potter, Prosser, Rogers,
Schenck, Schumaker.Scofield, Shanks, Porter Shel-
don, Slocum, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather. Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Strong,
Taylor, lownsend, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace,
yv elker, Williams, and John T. Wilson—53.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to say by
request that Mr. haldkmax is necessarily
detained Ironi the House. If here he would
vote u no."
< Mr. COWLES. I am paired on this ques-
tion with Mr. Potter, my colleague. If he
were here he would vote "no," and I would
vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. STOKES. I move to suspend the rules,
and put upon its passage a bill to relieve every
citizen of all political disabilities imposed by
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment
for participation in the late rebellion.
The bill was read. It provides, two thirds
of each House concurring, that all political
disabilities imposed by the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States upon citizens for participa-
tion in the late rebellion shall be, and the same
are hereby, removed, provided that no person
relieved by the provisions of this act shall be
required lo take or subscribe to what is known
as the iron-clad or test-oath.
Mr. WARD. Why, that would include Jeff.
Davis and Breckinridge and every one else.
Mr. STOKES. It includes every one.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and there were—ayes 40,
noes 72.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. KELSEY called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 59, nays 112, not voting 59; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Barry, Beck, Booker,
James Brooks, Buckley, Burr, Calkin, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge, Fitch, Fox, (Jibson,
Griswold, Harnill, Harris, Hawkins, Johnson, Kerr,
lvnott, Lev/is, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, Mc-
Kee, McKenzie, McNeely, Milnes, Morgan, Mungcn,
Niblaclc, Pereo, Piatt, Randall, Reeves, Rice, iiidg-
way, Rogers, Sargent, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S.
Smith, Stokes, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Tillman,
Trimble,Van Auken,Van Trump,Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Amos, Arm-
strong, Arncll, Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Banks, Bea-
man, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Bulhnton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
11. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Amasa Cobb,ClintonL. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger,
Cullom, Davis. Dawes. Degener, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Fla, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry!
Fiiikelnbuig, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Haw-
ley, Hill. Hoar, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Maynard, McCar-
thy, McCrary, McGrew, Mercur, Fhakim H.Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P Mor-
rill, Myers, Newsham,O'Neill,Orth, Packard, Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, lioots, San-
l'ord, Sawyer, John A. Smith,William Smyth,Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Tafie
Tanner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn. Van '
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. ;
"Washburn.Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard
John T.Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—112 '
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Ayer,
Barnum Biggs, Bird, Bowen, Buck, Cake, Siduey
Clarke, Cleveland, Covode, Cowles, Dickinson Dyer
Getz, Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamilton!
Hay, Hays, Heaton,lleflin, Hoge, Holman, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Loughridge,
Lynch, Jesse II.Moore,Morphis, Morrissey, Ncgley,
Packer, Peters, Poland, Potter, Prosser, Schenck
Schumaker, Seoliold, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon'
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C.Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Tay-
lor, Townsend, Voorhees, Wallace, Welker, and
Williams—59.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rales were not suspended.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to say that bad
Mr. Haldemait, my colleague, been here when
the last vote was taken he would have voted
in the affirmative.
order 01? business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
that Tuesday of next week, after the morning
hour, be assigned to the Committee on the
Judiciary to make reports to this House of
matters which have been referred to them.
Mr. DAWES. I must object to any such
assignment until the appropriation bills are out
of the_ way. It may be impossible to get them
out of the way before that time; andyet, unless
they shall be sent to the Senate by Saturday or
Monday next, there can be no adjournment of
Congress by the loth of July.
Sir. BINGHAM. I do not propose to inter-
fere with this week.
Sir. DAWBS. I know that.
Mr._ BINGHAM. Then, if the appropria-
tion bills can be got out of the way this week,
what objection can the gentleman have to my
proposition ?
Mr. DAWBS. T o-morrow has been assigned
for the consideration of the Cuban question,
Friday and Saturday are private bill days, and
next Monday is resolution day. If Tuesday
of next week is given to the Committee on the
Judiciary, where will the appropriation bills be?
Mr. CULLOM. Will not the Committee on
the Judiciary be called by that time in the
regular call of committees ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell.
Mr. BINGHAM. It may not be called regu-
larly this session.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House now resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the river and har-
bor appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to report the Georgia bill from the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAWES. For the reason which I
assigned to the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, [Mr. Bixgham,] I cannot yield
for the purpose indicated by my colleague,
[Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I give notice that on Mon-
day next I shall move a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of enabling me to report from
the Committee on the Judiciary the bill to
regulate the mode of declaring the ratification
of amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the House
will allow the Georgia bill to be now reported.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] to go into Committee of the
\V hole oil the river and harbor improvement
bill. F
Mr. SAWYER. Pendingthatmotion, I move
that when the House shall resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the river and har-
bor appropriation bill all general debate
thereon shall terminate in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
I he question being taken upon the motion
of Mr. Dawes, upon a division there were—
ayes 98, noes 32.
Before the result of the vole was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the veas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 19, noes 105; not one fifth in the
affirmative.
Before the result of that vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSW ORTH called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sawyer, and
Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
