1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
pay for their lands arid not to those who receive
them for nothing. That strikes me to be the
only ground of justice there is in the case.
Justice should lead us to let the increase in
the value of the lands go into the hands of those
who pay for them, and not into the hands of
those who receive them for nothing.
Now. as a matter of fact, why do not the
United States hold on to their lands instead
of selling them for $2 50 an acre? They give
alternate sections of iandto these railroad com-
panies. Then, accordingto the policy, they sell
the lands of the United States for $2 60 an.
awe, while the railroad companies hold on to
their lands till they get to be worth twenty or
thirty dollars an acre. In the mean time set-
tlers buy of the United States at §2 50 an acre,
go on and improve tlie land there, make their
farms there, make the land valuable by settle-
ment, organize schools, build school-houses,
erect churches ; and the lands of the railroad
companies lie there waste, wild, idle, without
improvement, paying nothing toward the im-
provement of the country, but lying there in the
hands of the company who have built the rail-
road, till they shall become worth twenty or
thirty dollars, or, as things now are, they may
hold on to them until they are worth $100 an
acre, and there is nothing to forbid or prevent
it; and thus settlement and improvement are
kept back.
Mr. STEWART. What company has pur-
sued that policy?
Mr. HOWELL. The Illinois Central have
pursued it.
Mr. STEWART. Now, if the Senator will
allow me 
Mi'. HOWELL. You will have the whole
time for the argument after I get through. I
have no objection to have you interject your
speech now ; but of course this subject is to be
argued from the ground up, and you may as
well take the floor after I am through.
So far the Illinois Central is the only rail-
road company that has held on to its lands to
any extent except away out West, where so
far they have not been able to sell them; and
why have they held on to them ? Because
they have had the means to hold on to them.
They were able to hold on to them after they
built the road; they are holding on to them
nowand theyintend to hold on to them. They
are selling them for from twenty-live to thirty
dollars an acre—land that was given to them
for nothing.
So soon as these railroad companies com-
bine sufficiently, so soon as they get powerful
enough and wealthy enough, they will obtain
the money to build their roads by borrowing
it on their mortgage bonds, securing them in
whatever way they can, and, as a matter of
course, they will hold on to their lands. Why
not? Is it not clear that their lands will rise
in value, rise very rapidly, rise live times as
rapidly as the interest on money invested else-
where? Then, being able by the combination
of capital and power to contract for loans of
money to build their roads, they will thus con-
tract and build their roads, and they will hold
on to the land and let it lie there idle and wild
and waste, while the settlers buy land of the
United States at $2 50 an acre and make the
country valuable, settle it, as I said before,
and build up school-houses and churches and
whatever other improvements of civilization
may be required, fo-r the benefit of these rail-
road speculators. That is precisely the policy
that will be pursued ; that will be the result.
What is the use of pursuing this policy?
' Whom does it benefit? No one under heaven
except these railroad men. You know wo
have made them rich; hundredsaud thousands
of them roll in wealth in consequence of do-
nations from Congress of lands for the build-
ing ol' western railroads, it is time now to
shut down 011 them, to make grants in the
interests of the people, in the interests of the
Government, and not solely in the interests
of the railroad contractors and the railroad
41st Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 156.
speculators. That is my ground; that is the
principle upon which I act.
Now, as to the building of railroads in Da-
kota and in Minnesota, and in those regibns
where lands are worth something, how much
does it cost to build a railroad? How much
will it take of this land at $2 50 an acre to aid
in building railroads? Is it necessary for us
to build railroads and furnish and equip them,
and put the running stock upon them and hand
them over to these companies? I think not.
No such requisition need be made upon us.
All we need do is to aid some efficient com-
pany in extending its road through these Ter-
ritories. They will build them two or three
or five or six years hence without our help,
with their own stock and capital; but we want
them to get along a little faster in order to im-
prove the country and settle it up. Now, what
shall we .do? Build these railroads, furnish
them, and hand them over to the companies,
and in addition, as we have done in many
cases, give them great bounties besides? I
think not. Our true policy now, and the only
policy required of us, is to give them sufficient
aid to help them substantially, say about one
half tho cost of the railroad in some cases, in
some cases less, as they will get some local aid.
Now, coming down to the practicability of
this amendment, which provides for holding
the lands thus granted at $2 50 an acre on the
average, what will it result in? It is not to
the very great detriment of the United States
or of the people in the neighborhood, that if
the alternate sections for a strip five or.ten
miles wide are not sufficient you should make
it twenty miles wide on each side, if you hold
on to this principle and confine the companies
to charging $2 50 an acre on the average for
the alternate sections granted. There is in
one case a bill providing for an arrangement
by which this averaging process shall be effected
in regard to these railroad grants. Why is not
that right and proper? Why is it not just and
politic? .Why is it not feasible, and why will
it not answer the purpose? I appeal to Sen-
ators from, the West. 1 assure them that it is
impossible, for any length of time to come,
even if not in this Congress, to pass land-grant
bills as they have been accustomed to pass
them in time past. I assure them that either
they must modify their policy or it will be
crushed by popular opinion, and they will not
be enabled to get any grants at all for railroads.
I am in favor of such grants. I appeal for
this policy because I believe it is the only
practicable policy that we can pursue; that if
we reject it we shall get no lands at all for
railroads. That is my deliberate judgment.
I draw the inference from the tendency of
public opinion, not only in the East and the
middle States, but in the West, in my own
State, in the State of Indiana, and in tho State
of Ohio, where this question has been very
extensively agitated, and where it has been
taken into the Legislature and into the con-
ventions, where it has not been regarded very
favorably and is not. More and more the
tendency is to discard the former policy, to
reject it, to repudiate it, to cease entirely from
making grants to railroads.
But the people will consent to this policy
that I insist on. They will consent to giving
ample aid, all the aid that railroads should
demand or that Congress should grant to the
construction of railroads in the West, on the
simple terms that those railroad companies
shall dispose of the lands granted to them at
the same rate that the United States does—at
$2 50 an acre; and there is no reason on God's
earth why that should not be done; none what-
ever, except to pamper and build up these rail-
road interests by donations from the public
Treasury, from the public lands, and then by
permitting them to hold on and have the ad-
vantage and benefit in regard to those lands of
the labors of those who purchase the adjoining
lands and the improvements that they make,
and in that way obstruct the settlement of the
country and produce serious damage to all the
interests of the West in all the regions through
which these railroads run.
It is for these reasons that I oppose this gen-
eral policy, and I warn those who insist upon it
that before another session of Congress, unless
this modified policy I suggest is adopted, they
will get no land grants at all.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Iowa
is unable to name more than one company
that has abused this trust. Now, I wisa to
call the attention of the Senate to the facts.
The Illinois Central is the only company that
has been named, and on a former occasion I
understood the Senator to say that that com-
pany had withheld two thirds of its land. In
discussing these matters, it is well to have
some approximation to the truth. The only
thing that has raised any clamor against this
system has been occasioned by misrepresenta-
tion. The monopoly of the land, as I have
shown before, resulted from other legislation,
not from this. One hundred and forty million
acres of good land have been given to spec-
ulators without consideration to the Govern-
ment by means of your other legislation, as I
have shown heretofore: your swamp and over-
flowed land legislation, your military-bounty
legislation, your school-scrip legislation, none
of which benefited the objects for which the
legislation was had. By means of that system
of legislation sharpers have lain in advance of
the progress of the country, kept it back, beat
it back ; and the only system that has relieved
it at all has been the railroad grants that have
reserved something fGr the settlers.
The charge is made that the Illinois Central
has monopolized great quantities of land. A
year or two ago I rode over the Illinois Cen-
tral road. I saw the practical effect of its con-
struction. I went over it for tho purpose of
investigating this very question. I was sur-
prised when the Senator from Iowa made the
declaration which he did make. I asked a
member of the House of Representatives if he
could get me the information as to the Illinois
Central, as to this immense corporation about
which so much has been said; and he addressed
a note to the president of the company, and 1
have tho letter of the president, concisely stat-
ing in reply what was done with the land. I
will read it:
Illinois Central Railroad Company,.
President's Office, Chicago, March 7, 1870,
Djuk Sib: In reply to your favor of the 4th X am
pleased to give you tho following information con-
cerning tho lands of tho company:
Ol tho original grant of land, 2,140,851.34 acres have
been sold, scvcn-cighths of which sales were on terms
and time to suit tho circumstances of emigrant set-
tlersofliinitedmeans. Of tho abovesalos, 1,356,820.51
acres havo been paid for in full and are owned in
lee by the settlers. The number of acres remaining
unsold is 451,779.17. Any further information which
you may desire 1 shall bo happy to communicate.
Vcry truly, yours,
JOHN M. DOUGLASS, President.
Hon. John A. Loqan, M. C., Washington, D. C.
Mr. HOWELL. I will state to the Senator
from Nevada that so far as the statement I
made the other day is concerned I do not now
remember the particulars of it; but so far as I
made it I did so on the authority of some news-
paper statement that I saw at the time, but do
not now recollcct what it was. I have not the
official report by me, nor is it a material ques-
tion in this connection.
Mr. STEWART. Upon this subject there
has been a great deal of misrepresentation by
speculators who wanted to get back the old
system of allowing persons to take lands with-
out consideration to annoy aud beat back set-
tlement. There has been a constant course of
misrepresentation in regard to these railroad
grants, and you will find it in the newspapers.
There has been a studied attempt to manufac-
ture a false public sentiment which shall re-
serve this country to desolation. Ihere is no
instance in the history of these grants where
the railroad company has not administered its
lands for the benefit of the settlers. It is re-
markable that the system hasaot been abused.
