1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Tax Bill—Mr, Bayard.
Senate.
In 1857 this law was again amended, con-
fessedly at all times enacted as a war measure,
and as one justified only by the pressing emer-
gencies of' the time; and it was expressly
enacted on the 2d of March, 1867—
"That the taxes on incomcs herein imposed shall
be levied on the 1st day of March, and be due and
payable on or before the 30th day of April, in each
year, until and including the year 1870, and no
longer.
This tax then expired by its own limitation.
Section one hundred and sixteen of the same
act declared that—
"The taxes therein provided for should bo paid on
the gains, profits, and income of the year ending the
SIst'day of December next preceding the time for
levying, collecting, and paying the same."
By a reasonable, indeed by a necessary con-
struction of these two sections of_this act, the
income tax was no longer collectible after the
1st day of January of the present year.
The proposition now is that this dead law
shall be revived, without the pretexts for its
continuance that wore urged as good reasons
for its original passage. It is urged upon the
Senate now that this temporary measure, en-
acted as a war measure, as one growing out of
the necessities of the hour, shall become a per-
manent law in this country.
Why, sir, but la3t spring it was attempted
to continue this tax for the entire year 1870 by
a joint resolution, carried through the lower
House of Congress under the operation of the
previous question and brought here to the
Senate. It was called np during the morning
hour, but objected to, and discussed by gentle-
men on this side oi the Chamber, and iinally
withdrawn. We now have a proposition to
continue this system perpetually, at the rate
of three per cant, upon all incomes in excess
of $2,000, let the sources of those incomes be
what they may. . .
Now, sir, the income tax was in its origin
and intent a tax upon accumulated property.
It was a tax upon wealth, which in the coun-
try of the origin of this tax consisted mamly
of land. The chief source of wealth upon
which this tax was then intended to operate
in the country from which we have drawn this
example was the lauded wealth of the com-
munity. In this country that source of tax-
ation and that means ot raising revenue aie
prohibited, when attempted to be enforced
upon the principle of the proposed law, by the
written Constitution under which we are sup-
posed to live. In the ninth section of the hrst
article of the Constitution it is provided that—
"No capitation or other direct tax shall be hud,
unleis in proportion to the census or enumeration
hereinbefore directed to be ta.ven.
And in the eighth section of the same arti-
cle, that—
"All duties, imposts, and excises snail be unilorm
throughout the United States."
It is plain, therefore, that the direct taxes,
to be constitutional, must be in proportion
to population, in the ratio of representation,
which is based upon population. _
In the category of direct taxes is a tax on
land. Whatever may be the question about
other heads of taxation, there can be no doubt
that a tax upon land is " a direct _ tax as much
as a tax upon the head of the citizen. A Re"'
eral tax on the rents of land would by meliect,
and by a parity with that reasoning alwajs
adopted heretofore in judicial tribunals, a tax
upon the land itself, just as much as a devise
or a grant in gross ot the rents of laud w'">uy
be held to be a grant or devise of the land
itself. So far, then, as this tax can be consid-
ered a tax upon the rents of land it is & direct
tax, and therefore invalid and prohiDited to
the'legislation of Congress.
That alone, sir, should be a sufficient objec-
tion to this measure: and yet in discussing tnis
question, that point of_its collision with the
provisions of the Constitution of the Lmtcd
States seems to have been glanced at most
slightly and passed by most easily by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Finance.
That to me is one of the chief reasons why I do
not assent to a proposition of this character.
Under the pretense of being a tax on prop-
erty. under the operation ot its exempting
clauses this tax in effect becomes a tax upon
labor. Whether of the hands, or of the mus-
cles, or of the brain, it is stiil in fact a tax upon
labor. It is a tax upon the salaries of the
clerks of the Departments, a tax upon the pen-
sions of widows, or upon their annuities, upon
any fixed income. By the bases of exemption,
which are in themselves inequitable, proposed
by the present bill, four fifths of the accumu-
lated wealth of this country will pass beyond
the reach of this tax of three per cent. In
actual effect, as was I think demonstrated by
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Tiiurman,] the tax
upon thclandlordforthe property that he holds
will be readily transferred by him to his tenant;
and directly and easily the income tax upon the
rich will be paid or repaid to them by the poorer
persons to whom their properly is let, or lrom
whose labor their income is drawn.
Mr. SHERMAN". I should like to ask my
friend a question. We pay an income tax on
our salaries. We receive $5,000 a year, and
pay a tax of $200, or, under this bill, of §120.
IIow can we charge that over to the laboring
poor ? And so I might go through the whole
catalogue.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir; the Senator has
gone jfsst as far as he can go, I think, by way
of illustration, and he has taken from this the
one feature which cannot be instantly answered.
There the Government can impose this tax.
It is a certain fixed sum to be-received, which
may be assessed before it readies our hands.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to put
another case, if .1 do not interrupt my friend.
We levy a tax on Government securities ot live
per cent., and under this bill of three per cent-.,
when received by any person as part ot his
income. I should like to know how the per-
son who pays that tax will be able to charge
that over to (he laboring poor?
Mr. BAYARD. It will give me the greatest
pleasure in the world, in the course of a few
moments, to answer my honorable friend on
the subject of the tax upon Government bonds.
I think there is a most just and proper and
equitable mode of causing that vast mass ot
accumulated property to bear its portion of the
public burdens; and before I take my^ seat,
shall have a proposition to make to the Senate,
in which I hope I shall have his concurrence,
to secure that mos-t desirable end.
Mr. THURMAN. I will say to my col-
league that his illustration about our salaries
will not do at all. He inquires, how can we
charge over the tax we pay on our salaries? It
is nol necessary to charge it over. It is a direct
tax on labor.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not a tax on the
laboring poor.
Mr. THURMAN. It is a tax on tuc labor-
in" poor, too, with many of us. [Laughter, j
"Mr SHERMAN. Without interrupting the
honorable Senator from Delaware, I was struck
with the forceoftheargumciitof aiy colleague;
but I should like to know how anyoody who
pays a tax on rents, which is collected the year
after the rents are paid, can charge that lax to
the laboring poor, to the man who pays the rent.
Mr BAYARD. Certainly the tax upon the
salary of a Government officer is not a tax
upon accumulated capital; it is not a nropeity
tax; it is certainly a tax upon labor; and
therefore is not within the intent and genius
of an income tax, as it was considered m the
country from which we have taken it.
This law, therefore, is delusive, unjust, and
as 1 have heretofore, I hope, demonstrated,
palpably unconstitutional in that it is a tax on
land and not levied in proportion to the number
of inhabitants. There are clauses even of its
exemptions which are utterly unjust, inequita-
ble, indefensible. They are exemptions at any
rate which cannot be justified upon the princi-
ple upon which this law is affected to be based,
to wit, a tax upon accumulated wealth, because
if it has a just side to it, it is that it is a tax
proportionate to the amount that each man
receives from tho community; and therefore
hewlio receives little will pay but little, and he
who receives much shall pay in proportion
thereto. But the moment you institute this
system of exemptions you destroy that doc-
trine ; and for the purposes of injustice, and
for the purpose of narrowing down the class
of men upon whom this tax shall rest, and to
punish them because tliey are rich, and because
they are few, you destroy the very principle
on which your law affected to rest, and upon
which it had its sole justification, which was
that it should be a tax relatively imposed to the
amount of income absolutely enjoyed.
Let me call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that under this bill, and I call the at-
tention of my honorable friend, the chairman
of the committee to it, incorporated companies,
railroads, and other companies whose prop-
erty is represented by capital stock are directed
and authorized to withhold from the stock -
owner the amount of tax imposed by this law.
Now, I here state that, under the operation of
this law, if any orphan child, if any widow
has an income of $500 or $1,000^ per annum,
or less, derivable from stock in an incorporated
company, as mentioned in this section of the
present act, the company will withhold the tax
upon the whole of her income, and not one
dollar will be exempted for her use.
Such is the operation of this law. Your ex-
emptions, false as they are in their principle,
are equally delusive, inequitable, and unjust
in their practical application. By the provis-
ions of this law you absolutely take from those
persons whose little all is invested in the cor-
porate stock of these companies the very ex-
emption that voa proclaim to the world is put
there for the benefit of those who have the mis-
foriune of being poorer than their neighbors.
1 have declared this law to be, in my opinion,
unconstitutional, in violation of the provisions
of the Constitution of the United States, i
have declared it to be a law which fails in the
original object and intent for which such laws
were passed, to wit, to tax accumulated piop-
erty; because in effect the burden is so easny,
so regularly, so constantly transferred to the
shoulders of the conslimer, whom it affects to
exempt, but whom in reality it oppresses.
JBut there are other features of this law
that I think must condemn it in the eyes of
every man who desires to see that condition of
moral sentimentin this country which, after all,
is the best security for tho performance oi
their duties by the citizens. Demoralize them,
and what is left? You have no safeguard, no
hold on them but the laws of coercion, the
laws of mere force. You no longer have tho
pledge of good faith from those "whom you
rule; but you rely entirely upon coercive
measures t<o extract from, trie in a colu &nd un-
willing performance of duty, which should be
rendered with a warm and ready acquiescence.
Sir, this law has been well characterized by
one of the best writers on political economy,
I Mr. McCulloch, to be truly a tax on honesty
i and a bounty on perjury and fraud." The in-
} quisitions into the private affairs of men whieli
I this law is compelled to resort to^ are tempta-
j tious too strong for human nature in the aggre-
i gate, too full of causes of resentment not to meet
I with resistance. 1 ask any gentleman within
the sound of my voice what is his practical
opinion of the results upon the treasury ot
this attempt to impose an income tax', flow
far has it procured that return to the treasury
which in theory was expected from it ? And
