5314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
SURVEYING DISTRICT IN ARIZONA.
The bill (H. R. No. 686) to make the Terri-
tory of Arizona a separate surveying district,
and to establish the office of surveyor general
therein, was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that bill ought to
be put on its passage at once. It simply cre-
ates the office of surveyor general in Arizona.
I presume there will -be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. Itproposes to create the Terri-
tory of Arizona into a separate surveying dis-
trict, and authorizes the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to ap-
point a surveyor general of the Territory, whose
annual salary shall be $3,000, andwhose power,
authority, and duties are to be the same as
those provided by law for the surveyor gen-
eral of Oregon ; and he is to have proper allow-
ances for clerk hire, office rent, and fuel, and
is to locate his office from time to time at such
place as may be directed by the President of
the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
citizens of Easton, Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against the continuance of the income tax ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of
Richard M. Harvey, praying the refunding of
certain moneys, the proceeds of a sale of to-
bacco under decree of a court at Richmond,
Virginia, and erroneously covered into the
Treasury ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee oil Claims.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a memorial of
importers and dealers in wines and liquors of
San Francisco, complaining of certain features
in the internal revenue acts, and asking that a
portion of the taxes be repealed. In part this
memorial has already been forestalled by action
of the Senate. I also present a similar memo-
rial from the same class of persons in Stockton,
California. As the Senate have acted on the
subject, I move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
D. L. Smoot, of Alexandria, Virginia, praying
the removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of C. T.
Crittenden, of Culpepper county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
FORFEITURE OF RAILROAD GRANT.
Mr. POMEROY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2359) to declare forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
the State of Louisiana to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad therein, to report it with an
amendment; and I ask that it be put on its
passage now. These lands have been hereto-
fore withdrawn, and this bill restores them to
the public land system. I hope it will be acted
upon at once.
By unanimous consent, t.he Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It declares all the lands which
were granted by Congress, in the year 1856
to the State of Louisiana, to aid in the con-
struction of the New Orleans, Opelousas, and
Great Western railroad, and which have not
been lawfully disposed of by the State under
the grant, which has expired by limitation,
or by act of Congress since the original
grant, forfeited to the United States, and that
they shall henceforward be subject to home-
stead entry and settlement, under the act, of
Congress approved June 21, 1866, for the dis-
posal of the public lands for homestead actual
settlement in the States named in that act,
precisely as are other public lands therein.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out the
following words:
And shall henceforward be subject to homestead
entry and settlement, uudev the act of Congress
approved Juno 21,1866, for the disposal of the pub-
lic lands for homestead actual settlement in tho
States named in said act, precisely as are other pub-
lic lands therein.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And these lands shall be hereafter disposed of as
other public lands of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. The amendment was concurred in and
ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be
read a third time. The bill was read the third
time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. NYE. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 401.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have risen with reports, which is in the nature
of an objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 2165) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending J une SO, 1871,
and for other purposes, making provision for
additional clerks required by the passage of the
currency act. 1 move that it be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, together with
the accompanying statement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 171) extending the
time in which certain parties may select and
pay for lands in the Sac and Fox Indian reser-
vation in Kansas, to report it back with amend-
ments, and also to ask for its present consider-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. NYE. If all these bills are to be passed
when reported I do not see how I can get up
my bill. If making a report means to pass
the bill, of course we cannot consider anything
6 The VICE-PRESIDENT. If it is objected
to, the joint resolution will go upon the Calen-
dar.
Mr. NYE. I do not want to object to any-
thing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Hezekiah
Thorp and Robert Thorp, praying to be indem-
nified in consequence of their arrest and impris-
onment by the confederate authorities, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, which was agreed to; and he submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. II. No. 103) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
together with numerous petitions in favor of
amending the Constitution so as to allow citi-
zens without regard to sex to vote, have in-
structed me to report them back adversely,
and ask to be discharged from their further
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the committee will be discharged.
Mr. TRUMBULL also, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 176) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, reported adversely thereon, and asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, asked to be
discharged from their furtherconsideration, and
moved their indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 341) providing tliat acts of
the several Departments shall not be called in
question by other Departments, and fixing the
limits of the judicial power;
A bill (S. No. 771) to transfer the Cherokee
and Creek countries in the Indian territory,
from the western .district of Arkansas, and
attach the same to the district of Kansas for
judicial purposes;
A bill (S. No. 819) for the better organiza-
tion of the district courts of the United States
■within the State of Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 862) to provide for the settle-
ment of accounts between southern railroad
corporations and the United States Govern-
ment, and collection of balances due from said
corporations;
A bill (S. No. 916) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to protect all citizens of the
United States in their civil rights, and to fur-
nish the means for their vindication," passed
April 9, 1866;
A bill (S. No. 984) to enable officers of the
Army of the United States to insure their
lives in life insurance companies of the United
States: and
A bill (S. No. 925) to authorize courts to
obtain evidence from the Departments and offi-
cers of the United States Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1937)
to provide for the holding of additional terms
of the district and circuit courts of the United
States in the State of Michigan, and for other
purposes, have instructed me to report it back
without, recommendation. There is a difference
of opinion among the delegation from Michi-
gan m regard to the bill, and the committee
instruct me to report it back without any
recommendation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1269)
relative to witnesses for respondents in extra-
dition cases, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition praying for the estab-
lishment of an admiralty court at Brunswick,
in the State of Georgia, and a petition of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for legislation that
will secure to all citizens of that State protec-
tion in theircivil rights, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. RICE. The Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom were referred the bill (S. No. 606) to
amend an act entitled "An act for the better
organization of the district courts of the Uni-
ted States within the State of Alabama," ap-
proved March 10, 1821; the bill (S. No. 562) to
change the time of holding the district courts
of the United States for the State of Alabama,
and for other purposes, and the bill (S. No.
768) in relation to the place of holding the
district court for the middle district of Ala-
bama, have directed me to report them all back
adversely, and to move their indefinite post-
ponement.
The bills were indefinitely postponed.
Mr. RICE. The same committee, to whom
were referred various memorials remonstrating
against the passage of the bills just reported
upon adversely, have instructed me to report
them back and ask to be discharged from their
further consideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. GILBERT, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Iloads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 821) authorizing mail stPani-
ship service between the port of Cedar Keys,
Florida, and Havana, Cuba, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
