4870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
demands; and to say the least of what the gen-
tleman from Illinois has remarked, he has
drawn somewhat upon a lively imagination.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that this debate is not germane to the
paragraph under consideration. It should have
arisen on the paragraphs from line one hundred
and fifteen to line one hundred and eighteen,
making appropriations to the State of Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdrawnjy motion
to strike out the paragraph. Let Florida have
this little improvement.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of the falls of the Ohio river
and Louisville eanal, $250,000.
Mr. FERRISS. I move to amend by striking
out the words "and Louisville canal." I do
so for the purpose of inquiring whether this
canal is not private property. If I recollect
aright, a year or two ago a bill was before the
House making an appropriation for the pur-
chase of the canal by the General Government.
I wish to know whether this appropriation is
to be made for a canal owned by a private
company, or whether it is to be made for the
improvement of property which is owned by
the General Government.
Mr. CONGER. In answer to the inquiry of
the gentleman from New York, I would say
that the rights of private individuals or cor-
porations in this canal have been extinguished,
and that it is now within the control and power
and ownership of the United States, with the
exception of a small amount of stock reserved
with a view of enabling those who have charge
of the old canal, and that by permission of the
United States, to carry on through the organ-
ization of a company the improvement and pro-
tection of what remains to them of the canal.
The last Congress appropriated for this canal
$263,000, and in that appropriation provision
was made that the rights of private corpora-
tions be extinguished before the appropriation
was applied. That has been done. Therefore,
in the opinion of the committee, as regards the
last appropriation and this appropriation, they
are made for public works, and will inure to
the benefit of the community, and not of atiy
individual or corporation.
And now I will say a word in answer to the
remarks of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth.] That gentleman intimates that
this bill is prepared and the various items
inserted with a reference, not to the general
interests of the commerce of the United States,
but upon a principle of partiality and favorit-
ism, in order to secure the passage of the bill.
I desire to say to my friend from Illinois that
such a remark as that is entirely unjust to the
committee, who spent long days and nights and
weeks in the preparation of this bill, in con-
nection with a most careful examination of
the reports of engineers, the recommendations
of boards of trade and chambers of commerce,
&c. I venture to say there never was a bill
reported to the House where there was a more
Careful and thorough examination of the real
interests and wants of the people as regards
appropriations than has been bestowed on the
preparation of this bill. I regret, therefore,
for myself and for the other members of the
committee that wc should have been exposed
to such an imputation that these appropria-
tionshave been recommended on any other
principle than a regard to the general interests
of the commerce of the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH.- Will the gentleman
inform me what are the recommendations of
the engineer with regard to the Wisconsin
river, and what is the estimate of the cost.
Mr. CONGER. I will tell the gentleman.
We have given for that river less than one third
of the amount recommended by the Interior
Department.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Less than one twen-
tieth of what is necessary to make the river
navigable.
Mr. CONGER. We have appropriated to
all these public works what we believed could
be profitably and reasonably expended, and
for the direct and immediate benefit of com-
merce.
Mr.'FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Chair-
man, an appropriation of ยง100,000 for the
Wisconsin river is not for the immediate ben-
efit of commerce. Gentlemen will find from
the engineer's report that it would require
ten times $100,000 to clear out that river. It
fills up again as fast as it is cleared.
Mr. CONGER. 1 decline to yield further.
The $100,000 appropriated will so deepen
the canal that a larger class of boats can pass
through it and up and down the river than can
now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This appropriation
is not for the canal, but for the river.
Mr. CONGER. It is for the. river; but a
private company will correspondingly deepen
the canal. The States of Iowa, Nebraska,
Minnesota, and Wisconsin, all the northwest-
ern States, are directly and immediately inter-
ested in the deepening of this river six, eight,
or ten or twenty inches. To that extent it will
benefit the farmers and producers through all
those States in making a cheaper means of
communication from the head waters of the
Mississippi to Green bay.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. IIOLMAN. I believe the motion is to
strike out the entire appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is to strike
out the words "and Louisville canal."
Mr. FERRISS. I withdraw that amend-
ment.
Mr. IIOLMAN". Then I move to strike out
" $250,000" and insert" ยง400,000." I am very
certain that gentlemen who have examined
this subject will see that this appropriation
ought to be made ; that the commerce of the
Ohio river, embracing to a very large extent
the commerce of the States of Pennsylvania,
Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, and Illinois, re-
quires a very considerable appropriation for
this particular work, and that there is no ap-
propriation provided for in this bill ol' such
pressing necessity as the one now under con-
sideration. The House has appropriated for
the improvement of the Des Moines rapids for
the present fiscal year $200,000 as a deficiency,
and this bill appropriates $400,000 for the
same work; and I think it is impossible to
assume that that work is of more public im-
portance than the Portland and Louisville
canal.
The statistics, which I do not propose to sub-
mit, but which may perhaps be brought to the
attention of the committee by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mt. Beck,] a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, show in the most
conclusive manner the necessity of the early
completion of the canal. Ihopethe committee
will not lose sight of the important fact that by
the construction of the bridge at the falls of
the Ohio river, authorized by act of Congress,
the navigation of that river has been almost
entirely destroyed, unless this canal can be en-
larged so as to be capable of letting through a
larger class of boats. The commerce of the
cities of Pittsburg and Cincinnati and of the
npper Ohio river is virtually destroyed by the
construction of that bridge during the whole
season. It is hardly necessary for mo to say
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fer-
biss] has not looked into this subject, or else
he would not assume that this work is not
properly under the control of the Government.
The canal company to which the gentleman
has referred belongs to a past generation.
Three shares of the stock are still held by the
corporation, simply for the purpose of preserv-
ing its existence for the convenience of the
Government; but the stock is owned by the
Government of the United States. Consider-
ing the character of the work, and the extent
of the commerce interested in it, the appropria-
tion made by this Government for the Louis-
ville canal is far less than the appropriations
that have been made for the promotion of com-
merce .of similar character and extent in any
other portion of the Union. And when the
States and districts lying upon the Ohio river
ask that this appropriation shall be made large
enough to complete the enlargementof the canal
up to the sum of $400,000, they are only ask-
ing for a reasonable and proper appropriation
considering the extent and character of the
appropriations made by this bill for such works
in other sections of the country. This bill is
full of questionable appropriations. I question
the policy of the whole system; but if vast sums
must be appropriated annually for such pur-
poses, this canal may fairly claim an ample
appropriation as one of the few works of
national importance mentioned in the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I desire to say but a few words
in reference to this matter, and I do so because
I have examined it carefully by direction of
the Committee on Appropriations. I desire
the attention of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ferbiss] while I state the facts in regard
to this item.
This canal is owned by the Government of
the United States, with the exception of five
shares of $100 each. There are in all ten
thousand shares, and nine thousand nine hun-
dred and ninety-five shares are owned by the
Government. The other five shares would have
been also transferred but for the faetthatsome
legislation is required by Congress before that
can be done. The company was originally
organized under a charter granted by the Legis-
lature of the State of Kentucky, and these
shares cannot all be allowed to pass out of the
hands of the trustees until there is some legis-
lation by Congress to determine into whose
hands the property shall go, so that the charter
may not be forfeited.
1 have before me the report which I pre-
pared under direction of the Committee on
Appropriations and submitted to that commit-
tee some time since, recommending that an
appropriation of $450,000 for the completion
of the improvement of this canal should be
made. The navigation of the river at that
point has been impeded more than it was form-
erly by the construction of the railroad bridge
at Louisville. The city of Louisville collects
now a dollar per ton on all freight now passing
on drays from the Portland wharf to the Louis-
ville wharf. She is not particularly interested
in this improvement. But from Pittsburg clear
to the mouth of the Mississippi, and to the head
waters of the Missouri and the Mississippi
rivers, sixteen States, embracing more than
half the population of this country, are imme-
diately interested in this work being done, and
done properly.
One more reason for this appropriation. The
Government has gone on now and entered upon
a system of improvements which is intended to
give increased facility, by alio wing a larger class
of boats to pass through this canal. The smaller
boats are pretty much worn out, and builders
in Cincinnati, St. Louis, and other places are
awaiting the completion of the canal and the
new locks upon it before they build the larger
class of boats for which it will be adapted ; and
if $450,000 is appropriated now the stone for
the canal can be got out this summer and fall,
and the banks of the canal can bewailed up so
as to save the work already done.
The Committee on Commerce reported only
35250,000 for this work, on the idea, I have no
doubt, that they mast make their appropriations
as low as possible in order to get the approval
of the Committee on Appropriations. Yet I
do not know of a member on that committee
who is not in favor of an appropriation of
$450,000. Perhaps it was because the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have been, making
such an outcry about economy that tie Com-
mittee on Commerce thought they must; report
this smaller amount.
