1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
richer and the poor poorer. A restriction of
paper within the limits of convertibility is
indispensable to the welfare of labor.
When a Government has determined the
weight and parity of its coinage it has ex-
hausted its legitimate work upon the circulation
ct' the country. More than this is a disturb-
ance of the relations of capital to labor, which
only some great necessity like war can justify.
It was an overissue of paper, under such a
necessity, forcing the circulation below the
standard of value and driving gold and silver
from the country, which brought our present
financial troubles upon us, ana we can never
get back to the old and healthy ways of busi-
ness till we return to a specie basis. Let us
come to that golden epoch and establish a
system of free Wnks upon a coin basis, and
we shall have a circulation which will adjust
itself to the demands of trade by a law as
natural and irresistible as gravitation. But our
paper will never be convertible into money till
we bring back the gold which it has driven out
by changing in our favor the balance of trade
through a reduction of prices; and this can be
effected only by converting oar depreciated
currency into specie or bonds. As our ability
to do the former directly is doubtful, and its
attempt therefore hazardous, wisdom if not
necessity dictates the latter course.
The honor of the Government and the in-
terests of legitimate business require that the
legal-tender notes and three per cent, certifi-
cates should be funded and made the basis of
a bank circulation for the convenience of local-
ities now deficient. They are dishonored notes,
and stand in the way of resumption. If the
objection is interposed that by funding these two
classes of notes we increase the national burden
to the extent of the interest on $400,000,000
we reply that they eould readily be funded
for bank securities at four per cent., and that
the loss to the country by the paralysis which
an irredeemable and fluctuating currency
inflicts upon business exceeds many fold the
$16,000,000, which would be thus added to our
annual interest; to say nothing of the power to
impoverish which a depreciated circulation
exerts by turning the balance of trade against
us. An incidental advantage of funding at four
per cent, the $336,000,000 legal tenders and
the $45,530,000 three per cent, certificates, as a
basis of bank circulation, would be the neces-
sity which it would create for reducing to the
same rate the interest on the bank securities
now held by the Government. This dishonored
paper may, therefore, be withdrawn and the
people accommodated by a convertible bank
circulation increased to $700,000,000, without
adding a farthing to the aggregate burdens of
the Government.
Sir, this change is demanded by the whole
country, for the banks have become the instru-
ments of speculation. They may easily be
made the beneficent agents of a sound and con*
venient circulation, "worthy of all accepta-
tion," batat present they operate in the interest
of capital against labor, and furnish little accom-
modation to honest business. This, sir, is the
source of a just popular discontent which it is
onr doty to remove.
No other measure, not even the refunding
of the debt, is, in my judgment, to absolutely
indispensable to the restoration of a sound
financial condition ; no other would so tend to
bring back the circulation from the abnormal
and demoralizing game of speculation to the
uses of a legitimate exchange, and supply to
each section of the country the part demanded
for its business, as the conversion of the sus-
pended legal-tenders into free-bank securities
and the transformation of existing national
tanks into a free system, based upon bonds
drawing the lowest possible rate of interest.
As now organized they draw money from
the country and minister to the demands of
the city stock-gamblers; but if the system was
free, a bank which pntall its available circula-
tion and deposits into bonds and speculations
would be supplanted by one which would
accommodate the community in which it was
located.
In addition to all this, the immense profits
enjoyed by the national banks give an undue
advantage to capital. They do not divide fairly
the prohts of production with labor, and there-
fore tend to the concentration of wealth, while
the publio good demands its diffusion.
The bill before the Senate provides for the
readjustment of our banking system upon
securities at reduced rates. This is in the right
direction, but I fear it will prove a mistake,
perhaps a fatal one, not to make the rate of
the bank bonds uniform, or to allow them to
draw more than four per cent, interest Their
profits will be abundant, and the banks will
gladly exchange their present for fonr per cent,
bonds, if so they can obtain immunity from
popular disfavor. What they want more than
all else is an assured and enduring public con-
fidence, and this cannot be obtained while their
profits give them an unfair advantage over the
incomes of labor.
Bank securities, unlike consols, are the
source of a profit independent of their own
interest whicn will make them saleable at a
lower rate, and the publio will not be satisfied
if we secure by legislation to capital so em-
ployed, an income which it could not derive
from overinvestments. Our people are justly
jealous of moneyed monopolies, and demand an
equal chance for all in business as in political
rights.
But in addition to all this it is an essential
prerequisite to a new loan for the refunding of
the national debt at a reduced rate, to demon-
strate to foreign capitalists the confidence of
our own people in the Government securities.
Seven hundred million dollars of the new bonds
taken at home at fonr per cent, would enable ns
to place the foreign loan at least one per cent,
lower than we possibly could without the prestige
of such a domestic investment. It would be a
popular pledge to European capitalists against
repudiation in all its forms.
There are, sir, two objects to be accom-
plished by the refunding of the national debt
First, a decrease of the annual expenses of
Government by a redaction of the aggregate
interest on the public debt.
Second, a just distribution of the burdens
of Government to all classes of the people.
Both look to the relief of industry and the
payment of onr national obligations. Should
a new loan be negotiated sufficient to cover onr
entire indebtedness on the conditions provided
in the funding bill, there will be an annual
saving of $34,000,000 in the interest liabilities
of the country. With this amount set apart
as a sinking fund we could limit taxation to
current expenses, including interest and pen-
sions, and discharge our whole debt in twenty-
six years. I would not recommend so extreme
a nolicy, but it shows the beneficent character
or this measure in its general purposes. It
seeks to give to the industry of our people a
measure of that relief from their burdens de-
manded of this Congress. The extent of that
relief will fix the period of final settlement,
and will be determined by the disposition we
make of the tax bill soon to come Defore us.
The second purpose of the bill is to satisfy,
in the only way possible, the popular discon-
tent against the non-taxation of bonds. The
complaints of the producers of the country
against this inequality are just. The rich and
the poor alike made their sacrifices during the
war, and there is now no reason why capital
should receive fourfold for the bread it cast
upon the waters, while thechildrenof the peo-
ple return not to the stricken-hearted from the
fields where they fell amid the carnage of battle.
Sir, the anguish of bereavement is a full equiva-
lent for the advances of capital, which was as
much in jeopardy as the liberties of the neople.
Bat as large Government loans must of neces-
sity, in part, be placed abroad, they cannot be
directly taxed, and hence the domestic capital
invested in bonds can only be made to bear its
part of the public burden!! by funding the debt
at an interest equal to the income of active cap-
ital diminished by the average rate oftaxation.
The amount so saved will be equivalent to an
assessment of the bonds. 11' the new loan should
not be secured against taxation it could not l>e
negotiated. It would be rejected here through
fear of an unjust discrimination in favor of
foreign-held bonds, and it would not be taken
abroad on accountofbeingdiscredited athome.
If, however, our fears should not prove true,
and we should be able to place the entire debt
in foreign markets, its interest would be an
annual uraft upon the industry of the country
?greater than the difference between gold and
egal tenders upon the entire debt.
Can the conversion be effected upon tho
terms proposed by the committee ? To enable
us to answer this question satisfactorily I sub-
mit the following tables:
a
£5
m
£
A
3 5 2 2
< 5" < <' <4
O A A A
> r  ft ••
S * * *
0
taj taj
MM
« a ®
0 a 0 a
C. & C.
£ 2 2 S
S 2, £*
3 S
? 3 p? ? M
a. O.
O
e
x
13
3.
1174
1141
114}
114
list
1131
1131
111J
ft
O-
•1
a
P
3
£
1171
115
114*
1141
1131
113}
1131
' 112}
February 15.
U7i
114 13-16
114 3-16
114 7-16
123*
113 11-16
1131
112*
111.
6S
B
Reduced to
cold value
at 120.
Ok
Deducting
accrued
interest
£
&
2
I
s-
The prices at which the five per cent, ten-
forties, assuming eighteen years as the mean
period which they have yet to run, sell, as given
above, (i. e. lilt and 112f currency,) indicate
actual rates of interest on the market prices,
allowance being made for premium on gold
and deducting For accrued interest, of about
five and eight tenths per cent. That is to say
our five per cent, securities now sell in the
open market at rates which denote that the
Government is now paying on the selling price
of its five per cent, bonds about five and eight
tenths per cent., whereas the rate at which our
five-twenty coupon securities of 1862 (a favor-
ite six per cent, investment) are selling (94
in United States gold) indicates that the Gov-
ernment is paying on the selling price of such
bonds, assuming ten years as the mean time
which they have yet to run, about six and eight
tenths per cent. But the rate at which the
Government may borrow is constantly decreas-
ing by the improvement of onr credit.
On the 12th of October, 1869, the value of
our five-twenty coupon securities of 1862 in the
Frankfort market, reduced to United States
gold and excluding accrued interest, was 90& ;
on the 15th of February, 1870, the price in the
same market, reduced as above mentioned, was
