1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5815
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Ethan A. Sawyers, praying compensation
for services rendered the United States Army,
&c., as scout, guide, atul recruiting officer,
submitted a report thereon, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1044) for the relief of Ethan A.
Sawyers.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a memorial of the Legislature of Alabama, in
favor of the establishment of additional mail
routes in that State, and especially upon the
Tennessee and Tombigbee rivers and upon the
lines of new railroads in that State, have in-
structed me to report it back, and ask to be
discharged from its further consideration, inas-
much as jurisdiction in the premises belongs
to the Executive Departments.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 041) granting lands to the Great. Nemaha
Valley, Lincoln City, and Loupe Fork railroad,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
Ii. No. 2287) to amend section twenty-two of
an act entitled "An act further to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes," approved
July 18,1866, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 209) authorizing the President
to nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate to appoint, Lyman G.
Spaulding a master in the Navy of the United
States, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 287)
in relation to enlistments in the Marine corps,
and for other purposes, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 238)
for the relief of Lieutenant Commander John
N. Quackenbush, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1039) to incorporate the Tehuantepee Railroad
and Ship-Canal Company, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. G9S) to divide the State of Virginia into
two judicial districts, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Patents,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 841) in
addition to an act to promote the progress of
the useful arts, approved July 4, 1836, and
also the bill (S. No. 693) in behalf of inventors
and their legal representatives, have instructed
me to report them back to the Senate. The
matters in each bill having been covered by
the general law on these topics recently passed,
I move that the bills be postponed indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
MASSACHUSETTS CLAI5I3
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make a motion
if it is in order for me to do so. I learn that
what is known as the Massachusetts bill for
reimbursement of the claim of that State passed
the Senate at a late hour last night; that the
yeas and nays were not taken, and I am in-
formed that there was not a quorum present
at the time it was done.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a mistake.
Mr. MORTON. Perhaps I am wrong about
that latter point; but I was not here. I desire
to ask whether not having been here, the yeas
and nays not having been called, it is in order
for me to make a motion to reconsider ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer in the language of the rule, and the
Senator can then decide for himself:
" When a question has been made and carried in
the affirmative or negative, whether previously re-
considered or not, it shall be in order for any Sen-
ator of the majority to move for the reconsideration
thereof."
Mr. MORTON. I am informed that it has
been the practice, when the yeas and nays are
not taken, to allow any member, whether
present or not, to make the motion to recon-
sider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair doubts
whether it has been the practice for Senators
who were not present to make such a motion.
If the yeas and nays are not called, it is sup-
posed that the Senate passes the bill nem. con.,
and therefore any Senator who was present
can move to reconsider; but when he was not
present the Chair doubts whether he can say
that he voted with the majority on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I would not, then, feel
authorized myself to make the motion; but I
hope that some Senator who was'present will
make the motion. The bill appropriates over
six hundred thousand dollars.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following report:
The committco of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (II. It. No. 781) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States, for the year ending June 30,
1871, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate and agree to the Same
with the following amendment: in hen of the words
stricken out by said amendment, insert the following
words:
For Navy pensions of widows, children, mothers,
fathers, brothers, and sisters of sailors and marines,
as provided by acts of August 11,1818, July 14, 1862,
July 25,1866, and July 27,3868, ยง334,400 75: Provided,
That the Navy pensions shall be paid from the Navy
pension fund, and herealterit shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Navy annually to submit to Con-
gress estimates of the claims and demands charge-
able upon and pay able out of the naval pension fund,
and no payments shall be made therefrom except
upon appropriations made by Congress: And pro-
vided further, That an amount sufficient to pay the
expenses of furnishing artificial limbs for soldiers
and sailors provided lor by the act approved June
17,1870, may be paid out of the appropriations made
by this act.
And the Senate agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL,
J. W. NYE.
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the 'part of the Senate.
W. H. KELSEY.
BENJ. F. BUTLER,
Vf. & NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the Iiouac.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1045) to relieve Daniel Trigg, of Washington
county, Virginia, and others from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United Stales; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider this at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Virginia asks unanimous consent to in-
troduce a bill and have it considered relieving
from disabilities four persons.
Mr. NYE. I object. I shall be glad to
accommodate the Senator at another time.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 244) for accepting the
proposal of the International Steamship Com-
pany for constructing and placing^ iron steam-
ships in transatlantic service; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1040)
to regulate rank in the Navy of the United
States, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion ; and I ask the consent of the Senate to
make a few remarks upon it, not to exceed five
minutes.
Mr. NYE. I want to appeal to the Senator
from New York. I have stood here on the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad bill until my legs
are two inches shorter than they Were a week
ago, [laughter.;] and I have been just on the
verge of success three or four times, and I am
put off every time by a five minutes' speech.
Here is a new resolution to come in now. This
bill is of consequence, and I desire to have it
acted upon.
Mr. FENTON. I will ask nothing but its
passage and three minutes of explanation.
Mr. HARLAN. I dt> not wish the honor-
able Senator from New York to make a bar-
gain with the honorable Senator from Nevada,
for I have a bill of more importance than the
one he has in charge.
Mr. NYE. Then you propose to antagonize
my bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are in order, and the Senator from New
York presents a resolution, which will be read.
Mr. McCREERY. I rise to ask the indul-
gence of the Senator from New York that I
may move to proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 1041, to relieve certain persons
therein named from legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes. I have been here some-
thing like two years or a little over, and have
never claimed the attention of the Senate upon
a solitary measure of my own previous to this
occasion, and I ask now,in view of the approach
of our adjournment, that I may have consid-
ered the first measure I have offered for the
consideration of the Senate. I do hope, as
the day of adjournment is approaching, and as
this measure cannotantagonize the great meas-
ures that are introduced into the Congress of
the United States, that for this one time this
courtesy may be extended to me; and I plead
in behalf of this measure the fact that I have
sat with the most patient resignation and list-
ened to the longest debates, and suffered the
infliction with the most Christian meekness,
[laughter. ] never interposing any factious objec-
tion to any man whatever. For this reason
I call upon the gentleman from New York and
the Senate to allow me the courtesy of having
this measure considered at this, time in order
that the sense of the Senate may be taken upon
it. When this is done I expect to resume my
seat, and it will be very doubtful if anything
calls me from that seat during the remainder
of the session. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I think we ought to con-
sider the Senator's bill; but I do not know
what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the reso-
lution of the Senator from New York the Sen-
ator from Kentucky asks unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1041.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust there will be "no
objection.
Several Senators. No ; let him have it.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to it
is not the subject of debate.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. Presideut 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri object or not?
Mr. DRAKE. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill is
not before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I stated my reasons yester-
dav why I object, and they are good and valid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
