1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
the Constitution of the United States was null
and void. But I was not going to argue that
proposition. That is far-reaching; that goes
to the validity of all your reconstruction acts.
What I setout to say was that if it be admitted
that your reconstruction acts were legal, con-
stitutional, valid in all respects, Georgia com-
plied with every one of them, with every requi-
sition contained in them, as your own President
admits, as the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee has completely demonstrated in a paper
before the Senate. Georgia complied with
every one of their requisitions and was entitled
to representation in Congress, and was actually
represented in the Fortieth Congress in the
House of Representatives until the end of that
Congress; and therefore what you find fault
with is not that Georgia has violated any of
your reconstruction acts ; not that she has vio-
lated the fourteenth amendment of the Consti-
tution ; not that she has not complied with
every requisition you have made of her; but
that her Legislature have misinterpreted her
own State constitution. If you can turn out
the Legislature of Georgia for that you can
turn the Legislature of Massachusetts out and
put in any men you please in their stead; you
can do it with Ohio; yon can do it with Indi-
ana; you can do it with any State with just as
much reason as you do it with Georgia.
Now, sir, I dismiss that; but there is one
thing more said. The very able Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] put this upon a
ground which to his mind furnishes a justifica-
tion for this bill, and that is that there are out-
rages in Georgia, that there are murders com-
mitted thero; and the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] who spoke tcf-night with so much
humor reiterates the same cry. Why, good
heavens, if Congress can interfere in a Stale
without being called upon by its Legislature
or its Executive, as is provided in tlio Consti-
tution, to repress crime; if the bare existence
of crime in a State, tho bare existence of law-
lessness in a. State, is to justify Congress in
interposing without any call of the Governor,
without any call of tho Legislature, without any
such call as tho Constitution of tho Union pro-
vides, X ask you of what earthly use are the
State constitutions at all or tho State govern-
ments at all?
Think of the Senator fiom Nevada talking
about outrages and murders being a ground of
congressional interference! Why, sir, I had
tho pleasure of passing through a part of his
Stato last summer, and 1 hoard of scarcely any-
thing else but of murders, and in that part of
his State which I did pass through gambling
seemed to be the chief industry, and the pistol
the chief means of enforcing " Stand and de-
liver." _ In proportion to its population 1 be-
lieve, without meaning to bo offensive to that
Stato—J disclaim any such thing as that——
Mr. ST IS WART. 1 think the Senator from
Ohio is now doing Nevada groat injustice, bo-
cause I do not think there is a State in the
Union where tho laws are better enforced for
the protection of life and property than Ne-
vada. Tho stories ho has heard were along
the line of the Union Pacific railroad. A band
of outlaws followed the construction of that
road into Wyoming and Utah Territories. In
Nevada, of course, as in all other new Terri-
tories, when we commenced there was more or
less violence. That is always the case in new
mining countries to a certain extent, but the
people of Nevada have succeeded in maintain-
ing law and order as well as any new State or
Territory in the United States ever did.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very glad to hear
it, and if you will let Georgia do what Nevada
has done, take care of herself, you will have
law and order there. You would not have had
so much law and order in Nevada if this Gov-
ernment had sent its troops there to enforce
law and order by drum-head courts-martial—
"courts organized to convict." It is because
the people of Nevada were left to themselves
that that reign of terror and of outrage which
once disgraced that State has ceased and she
has become a State of law and order. Do the
same thing with Georgia, keep your hands off,
let her alone, and her people will from an inev-
itable necessity of self-preservation, that neces-
sity which compels in the end every community
to preserve and maintain law and order, become
as orderly as any State in this Union.
But there are outrages forsooth ! Can you
take up apaperthatisnotfull of them? Here
is the great State of Pennsylvania, one of the
most orderly States of the Union, a State in
which religion, intelligence, and education are
to be found as widely diffused, as well observed
as in any Stato of the Union ; what horrid
murders have shocked our ears within the last
few months even in that old State? Hero is
my own State of Ohio that sets herself up as a
model, where you are never out of sight of a
common school house and seldom out of sight
of the spire of a church, which boasts that she
pays $6,000,000 every year for the support of
common schools; and yet the calendars of her
courts are loaded down with indictments for
homicide. Does not every Senator know it?
Does not every Senator feel it? Does not
every Senator feel how utterly flimsy this thing
is to talk about the General Government with-
out being callsd upon by the Executive of a
State, without being called upon by tho Legis-
lature of a State, intruding into that State,
overturning its State government, subjecting
its peoplo to military law under the pretence of
maintaining civil order? No, Mr. President, no.
Let Senators think'as they will, let them be-
lieve as they will—and it is not for me to doubt
the sincerity of their motives at all—you cannot
prevent tho peoplo of this country, you cannot
prevent history from declaring, as the people
will ultimately believe, that your sole object in
passing this bill is to secure the ratification of
the fifteenth amendment, which without the
voto of Georgia cannot bo rati tied, and to secure
in the seats of this body two Radical Senators
instead of those who are already elected. It is
not for mo to charge you with that, but unless
1 am tho most deceived man m the world that
is what history will record as the motive of this
day's action. 1 wipe my hands of it, sir; I
will have no part or lot in any such thing; and
though my opposition may bo as feeble as my
argumont may seem to you and as my weakness
is conscious to myself, I at least have the satis-
faction of saying that 1 raised my voice against
this groat wrong.
Mr. CASSEKLY. Mr. President, 1 rise for
information^ merely to inquire what is now the
condition ol the bill and the amendment®. I
understood the Senator from Indiana to an-
nounce that he had withdrawn his amendment.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The last amend-
ment Ilis first amendment in regard to the
ratification of the fifteenth article was adopted ;
the other amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it in order now to offer
any amendment to tho original bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; to the
bill printed in italics, which was substituted for
the original bill by the consent of the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Thero is language em-
ployed on page (5, line nineteen of the second
section, that appeals to have got there by
inadvertence. I refer to the words " or invol-
untary." The language is " rendered volun-
tary or involuntary support or aid to any
insurrection or rebellion against the United
States." It seems to me that tho words " or
involuntary" never could have been meant
deliberately to remain in the bill. I move to
strike them out. I suppose the Senator from
Indiana will agree to that.
Mr. MORTON. I think the words ought to
be stricken out.
Mr. CASSERLY. I presume the Senator
from Wisconsin also will agree to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will say in regard to
that word in the section that it is not there by
any accident. It is understood that the gen-
tlemen who are intended to be dealt with by
this statute have had some considerable expe-
rience in taking oaths heretofore, and that if
the statute compels them simply to swear that
they have not rendered voluntary aid they will
construe the meaning of that word themselves
and hold that the pressure of public sentiment
compelled them to go with their State into the
rebellion, and therefore they rendered involun-
tary support by joining the army, involuntary
because they would have been hanged by a mob
if they had not joined the army. For the pur-
pose of punishing every man who served in the
army, that is, excluding him from this place, that
word "involuntary" is necessary, and it was
put there from design. They can be relieved,
of course, by act of Congress.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I would say to the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin that the Union
men of the South had the same relation to this
word "involuntary" in the rebellion of the
southern States that my Democratic friends
now have to the passage of this bill. They are
opposed to the passage of the billy but they have
to submit to it. The Union men of the South
bore the same relation to the word "involun-
tary" in regard to the rebellion that my Dem-
ocratic friends bear to this bill; and 1 hope the
Senator from Wisconsin will consent to have
the word stricken out. '
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me—and I
beg my friend, the Senator from Wisconsin, to
favor me with his consideration in what I am
going to say—that his argument if good for
anything is good for this, that all test-oaths are
useless to try the consciences of men—a prop-
osition to which I heartily agree, a proposition
which is the lesson of all history. They are
miserable devices any way ; and, as all such
things should do, they utterly fail ofaccomplish-
ing the desired object. His argument, there-
fore, that this oath was intended by this par-
ticular language to cover the case of a set of men
who, as he says, are experts in taking oaths
with a reserved meaning, is a reason for reject-
ing any oath. J t is not a reason, I respectfully
suggest to him as a lawyer, as amember of this
body, and as a man of natural humanity—it is
not. a reason for leaving in the body of the bill
language which leads to this inevitable result,
that every man, however innocent of any pur-
pose or any desire to aid in the war against the
Federal Government, who remained within the
territory of the confederate States, and who
under any pressure whatever paid taxes, for
instance, or turned out forage or food under
the actual presence and menace of a body
of armed soldiers, would be disqualified and
punished under this bill. Is that intended?
Is there anybody with a spark of humanity
who is willing to say deliberately that it ought
to be a law of the United States in this day
of the Christian era—-that men who are not only
innocent of any evil intent, but who themselves,
the victims of a force which in their hearts they
detested, were compelled to submit to a course
of action which they would gladly have escape;-1,
from, are to bo punished by an act of this Con-
gress without the slightest fault of theirs? That
cannot be meant. I move my amendment, for
the consideration of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from California is pending.
Mr. CARPENTER. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from California, as he is upon a legal crit-
icism of this section, if he were to omit the
words "voluntary or involuntary" entirely from
the section it would then read :
Orjjave aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered
support or aid to any insurrection or rebellion.
Tho words " voluntary or involuntary " are
put there merely to explain to the man who is
taking the oath what is the nature of the oath
he is taking, it being the object of this bill un-
doubtedly to exclude the men who were in that
condition. If he simply swears this oath that
he has never rendered support, that means any
kind of support, or support under any circum-
stances. The words "voluntary or involun-
