1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Finance—Mr. IngersoU.
Ho. of Reps.
tax having ceased, other means for procuring
the same amount of public revenue being, as
I have stated, directly at hand, the retention
of this five per cent, upon the interest of the
public debt, the same rate which it has been
paying heretofore, a tax imposed directly upon
accumulated property, will, I think, amply sup-
ply the deficiency which may be caused to the
public revenue from the destruction of this
income tax upon other property.
Sir, it has been said that there is an opinion
in the community more acute, more able, and
more wise than that of even the wisest indi-
vidual in it; and that is the great result called
public opinion. Many men in the mass come
to conclusions perfectly just and irresistibly
true, for which, perhaps, they could give you
but lame reasons if they were pressed indi-
vidually. It is what may be called the sum
and essence of popular intelligence that forms
to my mind one of the safest guides for legis-
lation. I do not believe that this income tax
would have reached the unpopularity that it
has, that it would be felt to be so injurious to
the public as it is felt to be, if its evils were
not real instead of imaginary. I do not think
it would be difficult to trace the reasons why
these evils should be felt, and be felt by the
poorest man as well as by the most wealthy,
simply for the causes that I have given here,
of the easy method by which these burdens
that are paid by the laudlofd and the capitalist
in gross may be transferred to his dependents
in detail. The consumer will pay it at last;
the poor tenant will pay it at last; and you
may take from the lands of the rich landlord
what you please, he simply has an immediate
remedy by tacking that amount to those from
whom his revenues are derived. Such is the
ease; such it lias been ; such it always will be ;
and when the people of this country complain
of the payment of a tax of that kind they know
precisely where the shoe pinches, and they best
can judge of their own sufferings under it.
Mr. President, believing, then, that this tax
is, under our written Constitution, forbidden
by the clauses which I have read ; believing it
to be an unjust, tax in its results ; believing its
discriminations to be utterly unjust; believ-
ing its exemptions to be delusive, tailing to
affect favorably those classes who appeal most
to our sympathies and our sense of protec-
tion—I mean persons of a decent condition of
life with fixed incomes drawn from the stock of
incorporated companies, who are deprived of
all benefit to this so-called exemption under
the present form of your law; believing this,
and further, that the demoralization arising
from the pressure upon men either to conceal
the proper amount of their incomes to escape
tax, or upon those who are struggling under
financial troubles to exaggerate their income
in order to gain credit and delude those to
whom they are indebted; believing it to be
accompanied by inquisitorial features which
tend to create discontent in the hearts of the
citizens against the Government under which
they live—all these things justify me in express-
ing the hope, and I certainly shall indicate it
by my vote, that this income tax may cease to
exist as a feature of American legislation.
Finance.
SPEECH OF HON". E. C. INGEKSOLL,
01? ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives.
June !), 1870.
The IIouso having under consideration tho bill
(II. It. No.1903) authorizing an increase of 893,000,000
in the national bank nolo circulation, and for other
purposes—
Mr. INGE IIS OLL said;
Mr. Speaker: It is often asserted that the
amount of iron consumed by a nation is the
true measure of its civilization. I think we can
go a step further than this, and assert that the
nation which uses the most money or currency,
other things being equal, is that nation which
furnishes the best evidence of a progressive
and enlightened civilization. There is no fact
better attested by history than this: that that
nation which from the earliest period to the pres-
ent day has shown the greatest amount of public
and individual enterprise has been that nation
which has had the largest amount of circulat-
ing medium.
1 think it cannot bo denied that the use of
iron is largely dependent upon the supply of
money. Money may be called tho basis, while
iron is the superstructure; henco I insist that
money, and not iron, is the true measure
the status of a nation. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
in connection with this subject, in order that
I maybe the better able to draw a lesson from
the past for application to the present, to
refer to some extent to the financial history of
Europe. The history of a nation is but the
experiences of its life ; and what can be more
instructive to us than the experience of other
nations ?
Upon an examination of this subject, Mr.
Speaker, wewill find that duringallthe period
of the growth of the Roman empire there was
a constant expansion of the currency; of
course I meati a coin currency, as a paper cur-
rency was unknown at that time. There was
no such thing known as a contraction of the
circulating medium until the commencement
of the decline of the Soman power. Under
the reign ol' the Cfesars, when the Roman
empire had reached the very acme of its power
and grandeur, we find, upon the best author-
ities, that the coin circulation of tho civilized
world was between eighteen and nineteen hun-
dred million dollars. This was in the year 14,
and about this time the mines of Spain and
Greece, which had principally supplied the
world with coin, became exhausted, and a
period ot'contraction set in, and with this con-
traction commenced the decline of the Roman
empire.
The historian, Sir Archibald Alison, attrib-
utes the decline and fall of Rome to the falling
off of the supply of the precious metals more
than to all other causes combined. Rome
owed more to the fact that she controlled the
gold and silver mines of the world, and hencc
the coining of money, for her growth andpo^er
than to any and all other causes. For many
centuries liome was the center of civilization,
as she was the ccnter of exchanges. She eon-
trolled tho trade and commerce of other nations,
as London does now, only to a greater degree
and for the same reason—by reason of her
money power.
At the period when contraction set in com-
menced at the same time the contraction of
her power. The contraction of money and the
contraction of power kept pace with each other
until the once grand and all-powertul Roman
empire became extinct. At this period the
circulating medium of the then civilized world
had so lar disappeared that bat about one
tenth of the amount in circulation under the
Csesars remained, not exceeding in amount
$'200,000,000.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what was the effect of
this contraction upon the condition of Europe
during that long period, from the first to the four-
teenth centuries1!' That period included what
is known as the "dark ages.*' Can anything
be more deplorable than was the condition of
the human family daring that long period of
darkness and gloom! Ignorance and super-
stition were supreme; slavery and suffering
were universal. The people sank down under
the weight of their woes without ambition and
without hope. The world literally slept, excent
when disturbed by some horrible nightmare of
war having for its object the plunder and
enslavement of a people.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not endeavor to give a
detailed statement of the condition of the people
of Europe during this time. Happily they
were too ignorant to write their own history,
which could not but be a history of their com-
plete degradation. Enough, however, has been
preserved to tell us that their condition was
almostineomprehensibly wretched. 1 will send
to tho Clerk's desk to have read a table com-
piled from the works of Wiliiam Jacob, (a
writer of great merit, and a man who has
devoted more time in investigating all the facts
connected with the coin currency of the world
than any other man, except perhaps Hum-
boldt,) which will show the amount of coin in
circulation from the year 1-1 to 1500.
The Clerk read as follows:
Year. stock of Cain. Year. Stock of Coin.
M $1,840,000,003 -tS2  $435,000,000
60  1.6S0,000.000 5 IS  300,000,000
so  1,440,000,00!) 55t  :,r,0,000,000
  1,300,000,000 580  sis.ooo.oou
lo8  1,100,000,OOil (>J'J  1X5,000,000
104  1,015,000,000 0„2  155.000,000
-'30  910,000.000 ti.i!)  0,000,000
263  8.10,000,00,') 73!  205,000,000
302  7M,000,()00 'no  185.000.00l)
33S  OUO.OOO.OOO 800  Hi5.000,000
374  000,000,000 100,)  175,000,000
410  MS,000,000 1509  175,000,000
410  483,000.000
Mr. INCtEUSOLL. Jjefuro, however, quit-
ting this branch of tho subject, I desire to'call
the attention cf tho House, and especially of
the country, to the effect of this contraction
of the circulating medium on the price of
commodities in England; and what was true
as regards Englandwas true, of all other Euro-
pean countries. Tho price of labor and of
all commodities, products of labor, declined
to such an extent that it is now very diffi-
cult to place a correct estimate of value upon
them.
In the reign of Ethel rod, in the year 997,
there was but a trilling amount of coin re-
maining in all Europe. Such was the scarcity
of coin in England that many articles of per-
sonal property, at a fixed value, were made by
law a legal tender in tho payment of debts".
Even men were money and a legal tender.
The amount allowed lor a man was £2 10s.
od. ; for a hoise, XI 15s. lid. ; for a mare or
colt, £1 3s. lid.; for an ass or mule, lis. Id. ;
for an ox, 7.s. ill. ; for a cow, 'Id. ; for a
swine, is. 10,let!. ; for a sheep, Is. "2d. ; for a
goal, ild.
Think of it, you who are clamoring for a
return to specie payment by a contraction of
the currency, you who would like to exclude
from circulation our paper money, that less
than nine hundred years ago a man, and that
too, a white man, was made money—living
money, as he was then called—and passed cur-
rent at £2 10s, 3cZ. per head. This was the
price of a man, not a ''noble.'' The "no-
bility" made the laws, the people were noth-
ing but " legal tenders." "Ves: in addition,
they were slaves. At this time the price of a
hawk or a greyhound was tho same as that of
a man ; and the robbing of a hawk's nest was
made by statute as gieat a crime as the mur-
der of a man—peihaps I should say the murder
of a "legal tender."
The condition of Prance was about as de-
plorable as that of England. In the ninth
century, when Charles the Bold contemplated
a military expedition into Italy, he could raise
by all methods, and some c,f t.heni were veiy
violent, no more than £18,000. The condi-
tion of England and Prance is not exceptional.
All the other European States were about in
the same deplorable condition.
I need not multiply illustrations to show the
terrible cffccts upon the people of Europe as
a result ot the contraction of the circulating
medium from over eighteen hundred million
dollars down to one hundred and seventy-live
millions. No sane man can for a moment be-
lieve that the condition of Europe would have
been what it was during the long weary centu-
