i8?a
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
94, thus showing an advance in four months
of three and one half per cent, on the face of
the bond. At this rate of advance they would
reach par in that market in less than eight
months from the present time.
The values of the proposed loans at the sev-
eral rates and times fixed in the bill, assuming
the market rates to be six and live per cent, are
as follows:
If six per cent, be the market rato for investments,
the present worth of a $100 security bearing inter-
est at five per cent, and payable in ten years,
is    $92 56
At five per cent.*nd payable in twenty years, 88 44
Mean  $90 50
At four and a half per cent, and payable in fifteen
years —  $85 30
At four and a half per cent, and payable in
thirty years.  79 24
Mean    <82 27
Atfonrper cent, and payable in twenty years, 176 88
At four per cent, ana payable in forty years, 69 80
Mean      $73 34
But if the market rate of interest is six per
cent, as assumed, and Government five-twenty
six per cent, securities sell at $94, which is their
present price in gold, the different series of
the proposed loan at the same relative dis-
count, will be worth as follows :
At five percent, ten years' security —  <87 01
At five per cent, twenty years' security   83 13
Mean     $85 07
At fonr and a half per cent, fifteen years' se-
curity        (80 18
Atfouraadahalfpercent.thirty years' secur-
ity -  74 49
Mean _
At four per cent, twentyyears'security  $72 27
At four per cent, forty years' security   65 61
Mean..
$100 00
At four and a half per cent, and payable in fifteen
. years    $94 77
At four and a half per cent, and payable in
thirty years.          92 27
Mean..
Atfour percent.andpayablein twenty years, $87 45
At four per cent, and payable in forty years, 82 77
Mean.
Or making the same allowance for discount as
was made when six per cent, was assumed as
the market rate, the value of a $100 Govern-
ment bond will be:
At five per cent, and payable in ten yeara_.„ $91 00
At five per cent, and payable in twenty years, 94 00
Mean.
$94 00
At four and a half per cent, and payable in fifteen
years    $89 08
At four and a half per cent, and payable in
thirty yean......    86 73
Mean...
$87 91
Atfonr percent, and payable in twentyyears, $82 20
At four per cent, and payable in forty years, 77 80
Mean   $80 00
We see from these tables that our outstand-
ing redeemable bonds of every denomination
are worth more than the present value of any
of the proposed loans, if we assume the mar-
ket rate at six per cent. But adopting five
per cent, as the standard rate of money, which
certainly is not below the rate of the European
or American markets for permanent invest-
ments, and we find the five and the four and a
half per cents, of the proposed loans rising at
$77 33
Mean  $68 94
But if the market rate is five per cent., the
different series of the loan will be worth as
follows:
A $100 Government bond bearing interest at five per
cent, and payable in ten years $100 00
At five per cent, and payable in twenty years, 100 00
$85 11
once to a value above that of our five-twenties.
This being the case, the holders of all securi-
ties at present accessible to the Government
will be likely to exchange them for the new.
Doubtless the worth and popularity of the new
securities will be advanced upon this estimate
by influences which cannot enter into the mathe-
matical calculation of their present value. But
if for any reason the old bonds shall not be
exchanged for the new, the rapid improvement
of our credit abroad and the approach to spe-
cie payments at home under the wise policy
of the Administration will insure a ready nego-
tiation of the first installment of the loan with
which an equal amount of our redeemable
debt may be canceled.
With the exchange of $400,000,000 sixes
i for an equal number of fives, and the substi-
tution of $700,000,000 four per cent, bonds
for the legal tenders and present bank securi-
ties, as provided for in the bill, we shall be
brought to specie payments and the advance
on the remaining outstanding securities be
arrested. This will remove the strongest mo-
tive for their retention. If now to this we add
their unpopularity and probable payment, the
pledge given by Congress for redemption in
gold, and the non-taxation of the new bonds,
in the face of all repudiators of high and low
degree, the desire of the rich to fix their sur-
plus wealth for a series of years beyond reach
of the fluctuations, the recklessness, and the
passions of party politics, beyond the disasters
of trade ana the destruction of war, and you
have a combination of inducements to accept
the second division of the new loan which
makes its success absolute. It cannot fail to
be absorbed at once when thrown upon the
money markets of Europe and America.
The remaining ten or twelve hundred mil-
i lions of our debt, for which the bill provides an
! investment at fonr per cent., I am satisfied would
i not find so quick a sale; still with $700,000,000
| of these bonds held as securities by the Gov-
| ernment I should expect bank and trust funds
i and the "solid wealth" which seeks perma-
j nent investment beyond the cares and hazards
> of business and the perplexities of personal
| supervision would gradually accept the re-
mainder, so that at no distant day our rapidly
decreasing debt would be entirely refunded at
rates so far below the profits of active capital
as to throw upon all classes their share ot the
public burdens and decrease the annual expend-
itures of the Government $34,000,000, which
employed as a sinking fund would, as before
stated, cancel the debt in twenty-six years.
But as a part of the bonds are not yet due
and cannot be reached, and as the surplus rev-
enue is now applied to the rapid extinction of
the debt, it has been suggested that it may be
for the advantage of the Government to renew
only some $1,200,000,000 of its securities.
Should this policy finally prevail we should
still save on our yearly interest $18,000,000;
which, as a sinking fund, would discharge the
debt in a little more than a generation.
The passage of this bill, Mr. President, will
authorize us to assume that the national debt is
to be paid within the time stipulated in the
bonds. This limit is forty years. The revenues
of the Government reach $350,000,000, and
its expenses, including pensions and interest,
amount to $250,000,000. This leaves a sur-
plus of $100,000,000 to be used in reducing
the debt. We may, therefore, should we be
successful, relieve our industry from taxation
to the extent of this surplus, and still pay the
debt within the maximum period with what
would be saved on the proposed loan. This
excess is more than two thirds of the internal
revenue, and equals two sevenths of the entire
income of the Government. Lifted from labor
it would give a margin of profit to industries
which now languish, and revive others which
have ceased altogether. Business would renew
its enterprise, and the poor and he who hath
none to help would rise up to bless us. But
the deliberate judgment of the Secretary of the
Treasury is opposed to a heavy reduction at
this time. This is his language :
"Our power to place a new loan at a rcduced rato
of the interest is, in my opinion, wholly dependent
uponthemagnitudeof oursurplusrevenue. Nothing
but the menace of payment will induce tho holders
of six per cent, bonds to surrender them and accept
a bond bearing alower rate of interest. If you reduce
the revenue so that it is barely adequate to meet tho
necessary expenses and the accruing interest tho
holders of five-twenty bonds will resolutely resist
every effort to induce them to accept a lower rate of
interest."
The position and character of the Secretary
entitle his opinions to great weight; and in
view of the cogent objections urged I would
not recommend a sweeping reduction of either
internal taxes or the tariff at this session ; but
I cannot yield my judgment that we shall sig-
nally fail in our duty if we do not give to the
labor of the country some present substantial
relief. If through our desire to remove the
debt we paralyze the productive sources of
national wealth we shall reenact the folly of
the man in the fable, who in his avarice killed
the goose that laid his golden egg.
Public sentiment is uneasy and discontented
that the burdens are not lifted from industry;
it complains of the exemption of the national
credits from taxation, and organizes in the
interests of labor against evils which it feels,
but does not fully comprehend. It demands
that the inequalities should cease with the
necessities of the war, and our liabilities be
handed over to the enlarged capacities of the
future. An enlightened popular opinion, fairly
expressed, is our supreme authority, and can-
not properly or safely be disregarded, for we
assume that the judgment of the majority,
unbiased by the passions of party, is the high-
est political wisdom. I am satisfied, sir, that
we shall not meet the expectations or legislate
wisely for the interests of the nation, if we do
not reduce taxation to the extent of at least
half our surplus revenue. Should the Govern-
ment require more than $50,000,000 of surplus
for funding purposes, it must be secured by
reducing the expenses of the Army, the Navy,
and the civil service, and by withholding appro-
priations from unnecessary public works.
It will hardly be questioned, I presume, that
both the taxes and expenses of Government
should be reduced as the premium on gold
disappears. Both advanced with the depreci-
ation of the currency, and both should recede
as it appreciates. A tax which wonld be mod-
erate with legal tenders at seventy cents on the
dollar, maybe oppressive when they are at par.
Wages which were hardly adequate to a com-
fortable support at periods of the war, may be
extravagant when greenbacks reach the price
of gold.
If the reduction of the public debt proceeds
at the rate of $100,000,000 a year by the sink-
ing-fund process, one fourth of it will be ex-
tinguished in a little over four years, one half
in eight and a fraction years, and the whole in
fourteen years. Sir, there is a fascination in
this anticipation of a speedy release from the
trammels of debt. It appeals both to my pa-
triotism and my pride, tor I am not one of
those who believe that the conservatism of
debt is a wholesome restraint upon the extrav-
agance and ambition of a nation. Under its
pressure a people may become reckless of their
good name and their transcendent responsi-
bilities. But, sir, it will not be so with this
people. They will sustain the burdens and
discharge the obligations entailed by the war
with the same manly courage and heroic for-
titude which they displayed in the long and
bloody conflict with treason, and which only
rose to the full height of their grandeur and
power when darkness gathered and misfortunes
thickened upon our path.
But, Mr. President, though our people will
pay the debt as they crushed rebellion, yet it
should be so done as not to arrest the mate-
rial development and prosperity of the Repub-
lic, and throw unnecessary hardships upon the
poor who live npon their daily toil. Sir, let
