1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3427
plates no deduction of any sort from the amount
due to the pensioner. I propose that he shall
receive his pension in full, without pacing one
cent for any service connected with its pay-
ment.
The bill which I present has been very care-
fully prepared upon full conference with gen-
tlemen well versed in this subject. It proposes
that the Commissioner of Pensions shall pro-
vide checks, which shall be transmitted to the
assessor in each congressional district, who
shall distribute them to the pensioners through
the assistant assessors within t he district. Each
assistant assessor, while in the transaction of
the regular duties which he now performs, shall j
see whether each person for whom a pension i
is drawn is actually alive. In this way fraud
upon the Government will be prevented. The j
assistant, assessor is to pay to each pensioner !
the check for the amount of pension due him, i
taking a receipt, which is to be transmitted to
the Department and to be regarded asavoucher
in evidence of the payment of the money. The ,
present system is not only attended with abuses j
as regards the pensioners, but it is very expens- j
ive, costing the Government $250,000 annually, j
I am not thoroughly advised as to what is ex-
pected to be the expense under the system pro-
posed in the bill recommended by the commit- ;
tee; but I am rather inclined to concur in the
statements of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] that the expense would be very
nearly, if not quite, $500,000.
Here let me interpose a single remark in
regard to compensation of these assessors and
assistant assessors. I hold that in considera-
tion of the profitable offices which they now
hold under the Government they ought to per-
form without charge these duties connected
with the payment of pensions. But in view of
the additional dnty assigned to the assistant
assessors I am willing that they should be paid
twenty-five cents for each payment of pension.
This I consider entirely sufficient. Two pay-
ments annually to two hundred and forty thou-
sand pensioners would be four hundred and
eighty thousand payments; and twenty-five
cents for each payment would amount to
$120,000. Then I suppose for the salary of the
chief disbursing officer here in Washington
$3,000 would be sufficient. I have estimated,
and those with whom I have conferred concur
with me in the estimate, that not more than
six additional officers would be required at a
salary of $1,800 each annually, making an
aggregate of $10,800 for these additional offi-
cers. I would then estimate $15,000 for inci-
dental expenses.
It will be seen that the expense to the Gov-
ernment under the plan which I propose will
be $143,000 against the present expense of
$250,000, making a saving to the Government
of more than one hundred thousand dollars.
But the saving of expense is not the only con-
sideration. We should listen to the appeal of
almost every pensioner throughout the coun-
try. There is hardly a pensioner in any dis-
trict who is not in some way petitioning Con-
gress in reference to this matter. There is not
a soldiers' newspaper in any part of the land
that is not appealing to Congress in nearly
every issue to do away with the abuses of the
present system. When we can save to these
pensioners all the trouble and expense to "which
they are now subjected, and at the same time
reduce to less than one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars the expenditure of the Govern-
ment in disbursing $30,000,000 annually, it
seems to me there should not be the slightest
hesitation in adopting such a measure.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania a question.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well; I will hear
the gentleman.
Mr. STRICKLAND. Do you account foV
the charges these assessors would make in
your estimate?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir; I give twenty-
five cents each, time they pay a pensioner.
There are two hundred and forty thousand pen-
sioners, and double payments each year would
make four hundred and eighty thousand pay-
ments, which, at twenty-five cents each, would
amount to $120,000 only.
Mr. STRICKLAND. One word further.
Do you understand these assistant assessors of
internal revenue will long continue in office?
Mr. RANDALL. When they cease to con-
tinue you will have to cease your extravagant
expenditures of the public money. In my
judgment they will not be abolished for years.
I beg the gentleman's pardon if he thinks I
have brought party into this matter. I believe
this question to be far above party. I tell
gentlemen when that question shall arise we
can then amend the law in a more wholesome
manner.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I think it will be
more wholesome.
Mr. RANDALL. I fear my friend from
Michigan is a member of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and they cannot stand up
here and defend their bill in connection with
the expenditure it will cost to the Govern-
ment as against the measure I propose, which
will only cost $120,000. I have made this
manifest. I say that these assistant assessors
whojeap the benefits of office under this Gov-
ernment should be willing to perform this duty
without cost either to the Government or the
pensioners. I believe nine tenths of them are
willing to perform that duty without any cost
to the Government.
Mr. STRICKLAND. How much are they
paid ?
Mr. RANDALL. Five dollars per day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Hill] for five
minutes. 1
Mr. HILL. Mr; Speaker, these pension
laws should be made simple and plain as pos-
sible, and with little delay and hinderance to
the pensioner. It is certain, under the pres-
ent law and manner of getting pensions and
collecting them, it bears very hard on the claim-
ant. It is but little that the disabled soldier
or the relatives of deceased soldiers get, and
the great difficulties thatattend.in getting them
their just dues should be made easy as possi-
ble and with no expense to them. And though
this bill offered by the gentleman from Mis-
souri is not such a one as I would like to have,
yet it is much better than the present law, and
will be a great improvement on that. Many
complaints come to me of the great difficulty
in getting pensions, and of the trouble of get-
ting them through. A gentleman of high char-
acter and position in New Jersey, who served
with distinction in the Army, and who has
done much to aid disabled soldiers and the
relatives of deceased soldiers in getting pen-
sions, writes me on the 6th instant, as follows:
" It does seem to me that Congress should do some-
thing to expedite business in the Pension Bureau.
"The importunities of claimants are very harassing.
I have twice within the past week been informed
that soldiers who had filed claims for pension through
me had died in utter want, waiting for their claims
to be settled. One nearly dead with consumption
takes his post daily across the street, holdd himself
np by a lamp-post, and seems to derive comfort and
hope from looking at my office door. Of course at-
torneys mnst take the blame. That such delay is
not necessary I know. I served six months in one
of the Departments, and know that in many of those
cases there is not an hour's work altogether, and it
is impossible to convince claimants that it takes from
six months to two years."
Mr. Speaker, over a year ago, under the last
Administration, I was informed by the Com-
missioner of Pensions that there was at that
time one hundred thousand or more claims on
file and unsettled. I do not know how it is at
this time, but I do know that under the man-
agement of the present Commissioner these
cases are receiving more prompt attention and
better justice is being done to the claimant.
But, Mr. Speaker, many of those claims are
those of poor disabled soldiers and families of
deceased soldiers, ^ho know not what to do or
how to get their claims settled; and thus their
claims lay unsettled, and only want stirring to
be properly put in shape by perhaps a single
affidavit to prove a small fact of evidence want-
ing. Two letters I received state that if a widow's
pension for herself and children was not re-
ceived soon they must all go to the poor-house.
This case had been pending nearly four years, and
all that was necessary was an affidavit to prove
a certain fact. Indeed I have had several such
cases. It strikes me, Mr. Speaker, we should
have some clause in this bill directing the Com-
missioner to examine all the claims on file
unsettled, and notify the claimant of the posi-
tion of the case and what is required for set-
tlement. In my opinion the families and rela-
tives of those noble men who have sacrificed
their lives in defense of the country, and those
soldiers who are disabled, some by the loss of a
leg or arm, and of health sacrificed in defend-
ing our country and its flag, should be the first
to be cared for, and every effort mttde to help
them to a settlement of their claims in the
shortest and most speedy way possible.
If there is anything to my mind as a nation
we have failed in, it is in our care for the fam-
ilies of our soldier dead—of the disabled living,
as well as reward and gratitude to all survivors
who enlisted in the great army that went forth
for the nation's defense. Many of them suf-
fered much and went through great privations
while in the discharge of duty. Many died, and
now slumber in unknown graves, and we owe
it as a solemn duty to protect those they left
behind by throwing around them such safe-
guards for the collection of what is due them
that it will not be made a difficult matter, but
easy to obtain it. I well remember, Mr.
Speaker, the 29th of January, 1865. I think
it was when one of the army corps from the
western Army arrived in this city. It was one
of the coldest days of the winter. I remember
one of the regiments in which I was interested
arrived in the morning, the soldiers without
overcoats—coming from a warmer clime. They
were marched to the Fourteenth-street bar-
racks; remained on the street until nearly noon;
then marched to Camp Stoneman, about four
miles distant, where several regiments were
camped out on the ice; then this same regi-
ment was marched back to the city through a
heavy snow-storm; and it was night before
they were in quarters. Such were the expo-
sures of that army corps in coming here and
while in the city that from three to five thou-
sand men were taken sick and placed in the
hospitals of the city.
Sir, I have stood by the side of many of
these sick and dying soldiers, received their
last messages to friends at home, and received
their last farewell. Said one of these dying
soldiers, with a good deal of feeling, "I ex-
pected to go through privations in the camp,
in the field, and on the march, and suffered
much from cold on the cars; but I did expect
here at the capital of the nation we should be
both cared for." I have stood in the dead-
house, with the weeping soldiers gathered to
pay their last tribute of respect to departed
comrades; I have followed these dead heroes,
wrapped in the old flag, with their comrades,
the drummer boy and his muffled drum, to the
soldiers grave, who died from the exposures
they had been subjected to; and to-day a large
number of these men lie among the soldier
dead on Arlington heights.
"The muffled drum's sad roll has beat
The soldier's last tattoo;
No more on life's parade shall meet
These brave and fallen few.
On Fame's eternal camping-ground
Their silent tents are spread,
And Glory guards with solemn round
The bivouac of the dead."
Many who are still living are pensioners
caused by that exposure, who, with, the many
thousands of our land like them, ask protec-
tion, aid, and assistance at the hands of Con-
gress. I think, Mr. Speaker, these pensioners
