1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
the hoarded wealth of the moanUins and the
riches of an unexhausted soil waiting to respond
to the hand of labor, come forth and take nil
the taxable forms of beauty and utility; let
the ingenuity and enterprise of intelligent mil-
lions docking to the broad, unpeopled territo-
ries, buitd States and pour the revenues of
their industry and trade into the Treasury; let
the manufactures and commerce of the North
revive, and the rich savannas of the South
yield again their white harvests to the markets
of the world, and our debt will be lifted from
the Republic as noiselessly and unconsciously
as mist from the hills in the sans of May.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, upon the
soundest maxims of finance a bill for the re-
funding of the public debt would naturally seem
to follow instead of precede the appreciation
of the public credit. Strictly speaking, public
credit is more properly the cause than the effect.
It ia one of the vital forces of the State. Great
material resources are the first and most ob-
vious elements of strength; bnt the subtile and
sensitive power of publie credit is hardly less
essential. In our modern system it cannot be
overestimated. No nation can be exempt from
the necessity of borrowing. The triumphs of
modem skill and the methods of modem war-
fare require the ability to compress vast efforts
into brief years, while distributing the compen-
sations over extended periods. Whether at such
a time the nation can borrow may be a test of
its continued existence.
Looking to our own country, I trust that it
has entered upon a long epoch of unbroken
peace; yet it would be the depth of folly, pre-
suming upon this happy prospect, to remain
blind or indifferent to the possibilities of the
future. But whether en disturbed tranquillity
or the fortune of occasional strife be our lot,
our duty is still the same. Public credit is no
leu essential in peace than iu war. That it may
exist in war, it must exist in peace. It is an
important factor iu every financial operation of
the Government. Iu the management of the
debt, in the regulation of the rates of interest,
in every scheme of funding, it lies at the very
basis. In peace, it is a question of an annual
saving of millions; in war, it is a question, of
saving the nation itself without ruinous sacri-
fices and exactions.
The importance of preserving a high degree
of public credit is written in thehistories around
us. Great Britain pays hut three per cent, inter-
est, beeause her credit is untarnished, because
rite faithfully fulfills every obligation. The Uni-
ted States Government toward the close of Mr.
Buchanan's administration could hardly bor-
row at twelve per cent., because its credit was
greatly impaired. After the war of the Revo-
lution the debt of Massachusetts sold at twelve
and a half cents on the dollar, bnt the State
honorably discharged this debt in full, and
always having paid in gold, it has long been
able, until recently, to borrow at less than four
per cent; Now, mark the contrast. We are
to-day paying six per cent, interest on the
greater part of our national debt. If our pub-
lic credit were what it ought to be, if the faith
of the world in our honor and honesty were
such as we may well desire to create and jus-
tify, there would remain no question about the
immediate and rapid conversion of our debt
into four or four and a half per cent, securi-
ties. Public credit depends not alone upon
the promise to pay, but alike upon a general
belief that the word is as good as the deed.
The spirit of those who are its guardians has
an influence no less than their positive action.
When the old Confederation of thirteen States
was converted into a solid national Govern-
ment, the credit of the Union rapidly advanced.
Within a year the market value of its securi-
ties rose nearly a hundred per cent., the result
not of special legislation but of increased faith.
It is true that the disposition to pay is no less
essential than the ability to pay. In our Own
case the ability to pay is not questioned. The
possession of ample resources is apparent. The
growing wealth of the country, its vast districts
of yet unsettled territory, its inexhaustible min-
eral stores, in a word, the already augmented
wealth of the nation, amounting to ten times
the aggregate of the debt, and the incalculable
enrichment of the future, establish the question
of ability beyond a doubt. Public credit and
public faith are thus intimately and inseparably
associated.
While, therefore, the refunding of the debt
' upon the most advantageous terms would fol-
: low an improvement of the credit, it is never-
theless true that the provisions of a funding
bill, if they shall not immediately accomplish
the result, may yet promote tho condition upon
, which the result must largely be based. I
should prefer in place of the first three sections
, of the bill before us, and hope it may be deemed
wisest by the Senate, to authorizes single bond
at four and a half per cent., in accordance with
the amendment I propose to offer, not taxable
by Federal, State, or local authority, payable
not less than forty and running not more than
fifty years. The sum may be one thousand or
twelve hundred millions, anc> there would re-
main in the five-twenties, still to be provided
for, a sufficient margin for the absorption of
the surplus revenues, until their complete ex-
tinguishment would enable us to enter upon
the payment of the ten-forties. The authority
to fund the United States legal tenders in the
new bond, in the discretion of the Secretary,
thus providing for gradual contraction, should
be adhered to as a fundamental proposition,
whatever the modification of the bill in other
respects.
It cannot be properly urged against the plan
to extend the time for payment of the new
bond that we may be m a situation to pay in
the mean time, and eould only reach this debt
by going into the market and paying whatever
t#e holders should demand. To such an argu-
ment it may be answered, in the first place,
that the premium would be regulated by the
laws of value, and these securities could not
be forced, except for brief and exceptional
periods, above their true relation to trade and
exchanges. Secondly, even if we could now
foresee such an~ appreciation or rise in the
market, we ought rather to regard it with satis-
faction, as indicating the very strength and
credit of the Government which we desire to
promote.
It is hardly too much to assume that, if the
new loan is not so ordered in point of time
and rate of interest as to fulfill this very pur-
pose, the national securities will continue to
be unstable and fluctuating, thus failing to
improve the public confidence and protracting
an incidental evil which deserves, in this con-
nection, a moment's attention. Instead of
Berving the uses of money, by passing at cur-
rent and well-regulated rates from one to
another or securely held as permanent invest-
ments, they will actually seek the market in-
opportunely and contribute to the scarcity of
money. They become the object of specula-
tion, which the complications arising from
varying rates of interest and different periods
of payment serve to encourage; and the means
thus employed are diverted from the channels
of legitimate industry and enterprise. Those
who complain of the scarcity of money may
not have reflected, that the present character
of our national securities invite speculation by
reason of this instability, and contributes to
the very condition which they deplore. The
evils from this source, to which we are now ,
subjected, will no doubt follow in some degree
any loan having approximate character in its J
triplicate rates of interest and time of pay- I
ment, and may far exceed any losses to the
Government which might possibly accrue from
a single long bond of more uniform value,
upon the supposition that it would tempo-
rarily command a premium should the Gov-
ernment desire to anticipate to any extent the
period of payment.
The refunding the debt at a lower rate of i.
interest and its adjustment upon a secure basis,
commanding general confidence and insuring
steadiness of value, is therefore an object of
great and undoubted importance. In all that
the President and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury urge in support of its necessity I folly
concur. It3 advantages are obvious and far-
reaching; they need no elaborate statement.
. But I cannot regard the present rate of tax-
ation either as essential to the accomplish-
ment of that object, or as justifiable in itself.
The Government is bound to guard with faith-
ful vigilance atid unfailing care, the interests of
the people. It is bound to relieve them front
the excessive burdens they sustain whenever
it can do so without hazarding greater objects.
For the last eight yearsthe country has endured
a constant and exhausting strain. It has put
forth the most unparalleled exertions in war
and in finance. It has raised vast revenues
and has entered upon a reduction of the debt
unexampled in its rapidity and its extent. It,
has willingly accepted and freely answer: I the
demands of a high degree of taxation.
These extraordinary efforts have not b^en
! put forth without entailing sacrifices and hanl-
| ships; but thus far, independent of the mutch-
1 less grandeur of the results, the country 1ms
had some compensations which have made the
burdens of taxation less perceptible and less
oppressive. It has had the buoyancy ot' an
expanded currency, and the hollow but elastic
vitality which comes from fictitious values and
stimulated enterprise. It has been following
the attractive and alluring course which em Is
in diseased financial condition. Now comes
thepainful recovery. The country has reached
a point where it must devote itself with assid-
uous care and with the most prudent and saga-
cious skill, to the restoration to a sound and
healthy state. Guide it skillfully and wisely
as we may, this process of recovery is still toil-
some and difficult. Business already feelsthe
change, and has lost something of the tensile
life and activity which have marked its course
during the past few years. Industry is crip-
I pled, commerce is partially paralyzed, and the
great mercantile interest checks its busy oper-
ations in anxious concern about "the future.
All this is the- inevitable sequence of the un-
natural and morbid condition through which
we have been passing.
Under such circumstances it is not to be ex-
pected that the country can sustain with equal
ease, or equal patience, the same burdens-of
taxation which it has thus far cheerfully borne.
It must be remembered that increased taxation
is but a part of the increased expense of living,
and that even the largest reduction of taxation
will still leave a part untouched. General
prices fall as we return to the normal coiidi-
| tion ; yet there are elements in the abnormal
i cost of living which but slowly follow the gfen-
i eral tendency. To leave taxation undimin^
ished in such a case would be alike unwise and
unjust. Take the great agricultural interest.
History teaches a practical lesson on thispoint.
At the beginning of the century England
j passed through a gigantic war, as we have just
j done. Prices were greatly enhanced, heavy
| taxation was imposed, and a state of affairs was
[ produced similar to that which our country is
; now experiencing. In 1835, twenty years after
| the war had closed, nearly fifteen years even
after specie payment had been resumed, and
even when taxation had been somewhat re-
duced, it was shown by careful computation
that the net expenses of cultivating the land,
were more than the total expenses, including
rent, in 1790, before the war ; yet, in 1885, the
price of wheat was less than in 1790.
What, let me inquire, was the significance
of these facts? They signified that the income
of the English farmer or producer was less
and his outlay greater in 1835 than in 1790.
They demonstrate that, at the best, the changed
conditions growing largely out of the war
placed him at a great disadvantage at the
later period as compared with the earlier.
