5316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
New York is entitled to the floor to present a
resolution.
RELATIONS WITH SPANISH AMEltlCA.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I desire to
offer a resolution touching the important sub-
ject of our commercial relations with the Span-
ish-American countries of this continent.
Our political relations with those countries
are intimate and friendly, but our commercial
relations have been, I think, too much neg-
lected. I believe that our commerce with them
is capable of a very large and valuable increase.
Our total foreign commerce, imports and ex-
ports, for the year ended June 30, 1869, was
$876,000,000. Of that amount $246,000,000
was with this continent and adjacent islands;
but of this only $75,000,000 was with the coun-
tries known as the Spanish-American States
and Brazil. Yet these States—I refer to Mexi co,
Central America, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecua-
dor, Peru, Bolivia, Chili, the Argentine lie-
public, Uruguay, Paraguay, and Brazil—have
a population of over thirty millions, and occupy
a territory extending over an area of more than
seven million square miles.
From the last annual report on the com-
merce and navigation of the United States, I
learn that the total of our commerce, imports
and exports, with the countries I have named,
for the year ended June 30,1869, was $75,601,-
984. This is an average of but $2 50 par
capita upon the population of those countries.
Our commerce with the island of Cuba, hav-
ing a population not exceeding a million and a
half, was $77,910,116, an average of over fifty
dollars a person. The great increase of which
our commerce with the Spanish-American
States is capable is more clearly seen from the
magnitude which our trade with the island of
Cuba alone has reached.
I do not propose, Mr. President, to enlarge
upon this subject now—to enter upon the theme
of how extensive and rich a commerce these
tropical and privileged regions might furnish
to us with propercarefor its development, and
how largea proportion of their present valu-
able trade passes by our doors to Europe. But I
do wish to impress now the fact that with
the Spanish-American States on this continent,
our political friends and allies, having a popu-
lation of over thirty millions, our commercial
intercourse at the present day, when we should
be looking abroad for new markets for the pro-
ducts of our soil and of our industry, has only
reached the sum of $75,000,000, or $2 50 per
capita upon their population, against a devel-
opment already happily achieved in the in-
stance of our commerce with a region and
people of similar dharacter, a little nearer at
hand, of over fifty dollars. It must seem to
others, as to me, that this subject merits grave
attention, as it is one of great importance to
our commercial and industrial interests. 1
therefore venture to offer the following resolu-
tion ; and for the present will ask that the same
be read for information, and laid on the table.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is hereby requested to institute an inquiry by such
means as in his judgment shall be deemed^ proper,
into the present condition of the commercial rela-
tions between the United [States and the Spanish-
Ameriean States on this continent, and between
those countries and other nations, and to communi-
cate to the Senate full and complete statements
regarding the same, together with such recommenda-
tions as he may think necessary to promote the de-
velopment and increase of our commerce with those
regions and to secure to the United States that pro-
portionate share of the trade of this continent, to
which their closo relations of geographical contig-
uity and political friendship with all the States of
America justly entitle them.
The YICE PRESIDENT. At the request
of the Senator from New York, this resolution
will lie on the table, and be printed.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. NYE. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 401.
Mr. COLE. Has not the unfinished business
of last night precedence ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not. The
unfinished business of last night goes upon the
Calendar, by the order that was made, like all
other bills.
Mr. NYE. I now ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 401.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves to take up the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. McCREERY. Will the Senator from
Nevada yield me the floor for the purpose of
taking up Senate bill No. 10-11? I do not
think it will occupy much time. 1 shall regard
it as a great favor if he will rjo so.
Mr. NYE. I would be willing to do so ; but
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] objects
to that bill.
Mr. McCREERY. If the Senator will give
me the floor I will make a motion to take it up.
The morning business is now through.
Mr. NYE. I should have no objection to
taking it up if it could be disposed of at once.
But if it is going to lead to debate I cannot
yield, though I should be glad to accommodate
the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. McCREERY. I movothatthc present
and all other orders be postponed for the pur-
pose of considering that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
business before the Senate except the motion
of the Senator from Nevada, which is an inde-
pendent motion, and must be adopted or
rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire what is
the bill that the Senator from Kentucky desires
to call up?
Mr. McCREERY. It is ^Senate^ bill No.
1011, to relievo seventy-five ICentuckians from
their political disabilities.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire whether that
bill has beeu referred to the Committee on
Disabilities of the Senate ?
Mr. DRAKE. No.
Mr. McCREERY. Every name in this bill
has been before that committee, and a large
part of the names have been reported by that
committee. But every one of them has been
before the committee, and some of them be-
tween three and four months. I will remark
to the Senate that while it has been in the
power, and while the other side have exercised
the privilege of introducing special bills for
their particular friends, I have not undertaken
anything of the sort. I hold in my hand the
last appeal that I expect to make in behalf of
these men during the present session.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to inquire whether some, at least, of
the persons whose names are mentioned in his
bill, and who are under disabilities, are not now
holding office under the United States or under
the State of Kentucky, in violation of law?
Mr. McCREERY. Is my motion in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not until
the motion of the Senator from Nevada is de-
cided, which, as the Chair has stated, is an
independent motion, and by the ruling of the
Chair previously, and upou appeal decided
by the Senate twice, must be decided without
amendment, ay or no. The motion of the
Senator from Nevada is, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Atlantic and
Pacific railroad bill.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. McCREERY. I call for a division.
Mr. NYE. Oh. no ; do not do that.
Mr. McCREERY. Well, I withdraw the call.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 401) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
States of Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific
coast, by the southern route," approved July
27, 1866.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has
been reported to the Senate, and the question
is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole, on the motion of
the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.]
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will not
concur in that amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment; which
was to add as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
And be it further enacted, That the grant of land
made by this act, or the act amended by this apt,
shall not apply to any land lying within the limits
of tho so-called Indian territory except so far as
may be necessary for tho right of way, turn-oats,
standing-places for cars, and for the location of
depot buildings, station-houses,and other structures
necessary for the construction and operation of the
said railroad, for which the company shall pay to the
legal owners just and fail-compensation, to be ascer-
tained in such manner as thePresidcntot theUmted
States shall prescribe. And the proviso to the sev-
ontee,nth section of the act amended by this act
shall be, and is hereby, so amended as to read as fol-
lows, namely: "ProvidedThat any such grant or
donation, power, aid, or assistance from any Indian
tribe or nation shall be subject to the approval of
Congress:" And provided. That the entire lino of
said railroad shall be completed in the year 1878, as
provided in the act of July 27,1866.
Mr. CRAG-IN. I shall not occupy any time,
fori do not wish to consume the morning hour;
but I am strongly in favor of this amendmeut
made in Committee of the Whole, and I hope
the Senate will adhere to it. I recollect that
in 1866, when the original bill passed, I took
the same position theu, being entirely opposed
to robbing these Indians of their lands. The
lands belonging to the Indians in this terri-
tory they own by a different title from that of
any other tribes in this country. They own
the absolute fee-simple of the lands. 1 have
before me the Globe containing my remarks
in 1866, and I will simply refer to what I then
said on this subject:
"Mr. cragi\. It has come to my knowledge dur-
ing tho session that there have beeu parties about
Washington here anxious for some way to get hold
of these Indian lauds. In the first place there has
been a very strong efl'ort to organize a territorial
government in the territory, a sort of Indian terri-
torial government, with a Governor and other offi-
cers appointed by the President, and men have been
laboring here to secure that object; and the whole
purpose has been, in my judgment, ia order that
they may gel a foothold in the territory, to obtain
tho lands there. There is such a purpose."
Then still further I said :
" I am opposed to their obtaining the lands under
any circumstances whatever. The Indians, as I be-
lieve, are wilting to grant the right of way to these
railroads. I am, for one, willing that they should
grant thus much: but tho moment they be^in to give
lands, or the (Jovernment buya these lands of ihem
by treaty, in Older to give them to these railroad cor-
porations, that momentseals thedoom of the Indian
tribes and nations in that territory, and they will
be driven from there ultimately and become extin-
guished upon this continent. I am utterly opposed
to doing anything here that shall give anything more
than the simple right of way thiou~h this country,
and that only with theconscntof the Indian tribes."
I stand there to-day, and I hope that this
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I prefer to
permit, the charter to stand as it is, unaltered.
1 know there are some embarrassing questions
arising out of it in respect to the rights of the
Indians, but I do not feel myself justified iu
changing the chartered rights of this company
iu such a way as to deprive them of any
benefits that are contemplated by the charter.
The charter of this company, passed in 1866,
contains the following clause, as I have often
remarked:
"The United States shall extinguish, as rapidly a4*
be consistent with public policy and the welfare
ot tho Indian's, and only by their voluntary cession,
the Iiuu.m title to all lands falling under the oper-
ation of this act, and acquired in the donation to the
road named in the act."
There ia an ^undertaking on the part of the
Government ol the United States to endeavor
( at lcast^ to extinguish the Indian title through
' the Indian country iu order that this company
