4372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
the population, and also the majority of the land to
develop, of the whole United States.
"By the census of 1860 the whole product of the
United States was valued at $1,900,000,000, while the
foreign exports of the domestic produce were only
$373,189,274, or less than one fifth of the whole pro-
duct, leaving four fifths of exchange in domestic com-
merce between the States.
"The proportion of the whole product afforded by
these fourteen States wo speak for may be judged by
the returns of their produce, gathered from the cen-
sus of 1860, and compared with the whole United
States, as follows: m wlwle
The fourteen United
States. St'xU":.
Corn, bushels  634,454,375 838.792,740
Wheat, bushels  120,930,730 173,101,924
Oats, bushels  103,995,461 172,643,185
Tobacco, pounds  345,400,759 43S.208.461
Sugar, pounds..  222,636,000 230,982,000
Cotton, pounds 1,079,799,600 2,154,820,800
Wool, pounds  33,277,839 60,264.910
Hay, tons  9,297,743 19,083,896
Butter, pounds  239,601,405 359,681,3/2
Hemp, tons  69,4*0 ,4,493
Hogs.. :  22,225,766 33,512,867
Bituminous coai, bushels...3,247,264,423 3,621,923,165
Horses and asses  4,801,634 / ,400,3^2
Cattlt......   12,517,392 25,616,019
sheen::::::.:::  11,973,315 22,471,275
It will be perceived that the foregoing statement
does not include the salt, the iron and other ores, the
timber and lumber which annually float upon the
bosoms of these mighty rivers, and the tonnage of
which is, perhaps, greater than that 01 all other arti-
cles of transportation combined. . .
By reference to the report on the Louisville and
Portland canal, Fortieth Congress, second session,
the following summary appears:
" It [the Louisville and Portland canal J is a work
designed to obviate the principal obstruction in-the
navigation of the Ohio river, upon the construction
and management of which has been expended, in
the variousformsof outlay, an aggregate of 46,500,000,
two thirds of which sum have been derived trom a
tax on the commerce of the West, collected in the
form of tolls; and yet lor the completion of which
Congress is now called upon ior $1,000,000; sl work that
has been before one or both branches of the national
Legislature, in some form or other, nearly every ses-
sion for more than forty years, and yet with reference
to which so little appears to be known to-day by
intelligent members that legislation, without the
special communication of information, would move
almost wholly in the dark."
It is the matured judgment of those who are be-
lieved to know that the amount ot freight trans-
ported on the Ohio river in the year 1867, including
rafts of timber and lumber, equaled 3,733,420 tons;
that the average distance to which said freight was
carried was five hundred and sixty-seven miles; to
transport which would require thirty-five railroads,
three hundred miles long, running four heavily
laden trains each day. .
In support of the views tnus imperfectly presented
X refer the committee to Executive Document No.
181 and Miscellaneous Document No. 83, second ses-
sion Fortieth Congress; to Executive Document Ho.
1,part second, pages 48,273, and278; and to Executive
Document No. 242. second session Forty-Erst Con-
gress ; and to thespeech of my former colleague, Hon.
A. P. Grover, (Globe, volume 68, page3594,) from all
of which I have made extracts in snpport of my
statements. I have avoided giving the history of
the canal and the way in which the United States
became substantially the owner o( it, as that would
have caused mo to go into details too much, which
the documents I refer to abundantly furnish. I have
no doubt as to the policy and urgent necessity of
granting the appropriation asked for and of giving
$250,000 of it for immediate use.
Respectfully, JAMES B. BEvK.
Hon. H. L. Dawes. . .
Chairman of Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out the iVords " falls of
the Ohio rivcrand;" so that it will read, "for
improvement of the Louisville canal," &c.
This debate has elicited this fact, if I understand
the gentlemen correctly who have spoken upon
it; I mean the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hot,man] and the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck :] that the navigation of the Ohio
river has been almost entirely destroyed at
high water by the railroad bridge which we
authorized to be constructed across the river.
If such is the fact, I cannot see the propriety or
necessity of appropriating money to improve
the falls of the Ohio river.
Mr. HOLMAN. I agree that the amend-
ment indicated should be made.
Mr. BECK. I understand from the feport
of General Weitzel that in order to get a suffi-
cient supply of water into the canal at low
water there must be some improvement made
in the river,
Mf. BENJAMIN. It strikes me that will
be embraced in improving the canal. All that
is necessary for the improvement ot the canal
may, of course, be done under this appropri-
ation. If this amount is necessary for the
improvement of the canal I do not object to
the appropriation, as we all know there is a
large commerce on the Ohio river; but I can-
not see the necessity of attempting to improve
the navigation of the river in view of the
obstruction caused by the bridges or bridge
built across it. Hence I have moved an amend-
ment to strike out "falls of the Ohio river
and."
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that if the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] be agreed to, the words "and Fort-
land" will be inserted, so that the phrase may
read "Louisville and Portland canal."
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, this
matter is of so much importance to my con-
stituents, and to all the people dwelling on the
Ohio river and its tributaries, that I hope the
House will give sufficient attention to vote upon
it intelligently. The bill provides for an appro-
priation of $250,000 for this purpose. The
estimates made by the Government engineer
in charge of the work fixed the amount neces-
sary at $450,000. He is a man of excellent
judgment, trustworthy in every respect. Ac-
cording to his estimate,$250,000 will be required
to cut the way so ag to enlarge the canal suf-
ficiently to provide for the passage of boats
plying upon the river. Two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars will merely cut the passage.
The balance of $200,000 is needed to build the
walls. If we appropriate hut $250,000 we
leave the banks exposed to high water, which
may wash away the sides and damage the work.
If we do not allow more money the engineer
cannot even have the stone cut and prepared,
ready to be put into the wall next year.
For the Government of the United States to
deal in this way with a great public work
would not only be to neglect the interests of
commerce, but would be a want of economy.
It would be similar to the folly of building a
house and leaving it unroofed and exposed to
the winds and the rains. True economy re-
quires that wo make such an appropriation as
will enable the engineer to finish this work at
the earliest practicable day and wail it up so
that it shall be protected and preserved. I
have too much respect for the intelligence of
this House to dwell on the importance of this
work. It is sufficient to say thatthe building
of the railroad bridge at the falls of the Ohio
chokes navigation. When the water is high
large boats cannot pass the falls in conse-
quence of the obstruction caused by the bridge;
and when the water is low they cannot pass
for want of sufficient water. The canal will
not pass large boats. So that they are stopped
at that point and compelled to transfer their
freight. An intelligent man has only to call
before his mind the picture of the Ohio valley,
to look on the Ohio river and all her tribu-
taries and her connections, including the Mis-
sissippi and Missouri, to see that such a barrier
as exists at the falls of the Ohio is an incubus
on the great interior water lines of communica-
tion of this country which oughtto be removed.
Mr. CONGER obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will withdraw my
amendment if the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Conger] will renew it.
Mr. CONGER. I renew it pro forma. I
wish to make one remark in regard to the prop-
osition to strike out "the falls of the Ohio."
I ask the committee to remember that this ap-
propriation is in continuation of an appropri-
ation already provided for by law. The work
for which this appropriation is to be made has
been heretofore defined as the " improvement
of the falls of the Ohio river and Louisville
canal." This is the work recognized by law,
recognized by the engineer department, recog-
nized by former appropriations. If the. phrase-
ology be changed now, it may seem to be an
indication that there is to be some change in
the policy of continuing the work. I hope,
therefore,"no change will be made inthephrase-
ology of the appropriation.
I wish to say one word about the proposed
increase of the appropriation for this work. I
desire the Committee of the Whole to bear in
mind that while there is a seeming necessity
all over the United States for much larger
appropriations to meet the demands of com-
merce than those the committee have recom-
mended in this bill, while the interests of com-
merce appear to require double and treble the
expenditures proposed in the bill, yef the com-
mittee, looking at the condition of the Treas-
ury, the state of our national finances, the tax-
ation imposed upon the peojjle, have felt con-
strained to limit the appropriations to suck an
amount as can be used for the improvement of
these various rivers, harbors, and canals with-
out stopping the work upon any of them; ap-
propriating the amount required for use duiv
ing the present fiscal year, any increase which
may'hereafter be necessary being left for com-
ing sessions of Congress. I have understood
that this appropriation would be satisfactory
to the friends of this canal. I will say to the
committee that the sub-committee of the Com-
mittee on Commerce consulted with the engi-
neer department in reference to every appro-
priation we have made here. Wo have taken
their advice in regard to the amount which
could be properly and judiciously expended
from now to the end of the next fiscal year,
and have made our report accordingly.
Mr. Chairman, it will be unsafe and disar-
range the whole body of these appropriations
to increase or diminish any one of them. We
cannot do so without doing injustice to other
portions of the country. The appropriations
recommended by the engineer department
would amount to over ten million dollars. We
have been able to make a recommendation
for about three million five hundred thousand
dollars, which we think are enough, considering
the financial condition of the country, although
very little when compared with the great wanls
of commerce and navigation throughout the
whole United States. We have examined every
report, every recommendation, and every peti-
tion, consulted with the engineers, and have
done, I submit, Mr. Chairman, faithfully and
honestly all we can do to meet the wants of
every portion of the country and the necessities
of every work. We have reported this bill on
a just and fair basis of appropriation of the
public money for this year, and we do trust
that the Committee of t',ie Whole on the state
of the Union will not change the order of our
distribution; that it will not increase in one
place and cut down in another.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. To relieve the matter from
embarrassment, I hope the amendment of the
title of the Louisville and Portland canal will
be agreed to.
Mr. FARiSTSWORTH. I wish to move an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Two amendments are
now pending.
The question recurred on Mr. Benjamix's
amendment to the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 23. noes 44 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that a proper title
should be given; but I do not insist on a further
count.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. liou-
:,tax's amendment.
Sir. FAKNSWORTH. I move to reduce
the appropriation $200,000. Mr. Chairman,
there are some appropriations made in this
bill for the improvement of certain j-tvera in
reference to which I should very much like to
have the committee which reported it to give
us some information. I desire very much to
get the gentleman in charge of this bill to tell
us something about the report of the chief of
engineers iu regard to the Wisconsin river.
