3428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
ought to be paid oftener. Six months or even
three months is a long time for them to wait
for their pay. We know but little of the pri-
vations and sufferings many of them have to
endure. If they could be paid oftener, and,
more than all, if they could be paid more than
they now get, it would be just and right. We
can afford to be liberal toward them ; the debt
the nation owes these noble dead and the living
can never be paid, and those who left relatives
behind and the disabled living should receive
tender care, just and liberal pensions, and
protection at our hands. I think a great saving
to the Government might be effected, and ac-
commodation to the pensioners, if they could
be paid through the revenue collectors of each
congressional district, as the assistant assess-
ors could make out all the vouchers and papers
necessary, and living in districts so small would
he of convenient access to all claimants. As
I remarked before, the bill before us, offered
by the gentleman from Missouri, is not such
as I would like to Have; but with none other
thatsuits me better, and feeling the importance
of immediate action in this matter, I shall vote
for it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If I have the attention
of the House fora few moments I will endeavor
to explain the hill of this committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman propose to allow me any time?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot propose to
allow any gentleman any time who has not
expressed the wish to be heard.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
be heard.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg par-
don, I cannot take live minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So much time has been
taken up by others that I have but little time
left for myself. Will ten minutes suit the gen-
tleman? •
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
ten minutes is all I ask.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield to the gentleman
for ten minutes.
Mr. BUl'LER, of Massachusetts. I do
not expect, Mr. Speaker, to make a speech
about the dead or the living for the benefit of
my constituents; but I do expect in a few
words, in the very short time given to me on a
very important subject, to explain a most im-
portant bill; and that is a bill to provide for
the payment of pensions to the wounded and
maimed soldiers. The bill of the committee
is no change upon the present system, except
that it changes the time of payment from six
monthBto three months, and pays the expenses
out of the Treasury of the execution of the law,
instead, as heretofore, out of the pensioners'
pockets. While it does that it compels every
pensioner four times a year to go to a justice of
the peace and there, at his own expense, have
a declaration made out called a voucher which,
at his own expense, is to be forwarded to the
pension agent, and returned at his own expense
from the pension agent with adraft, which again
he is at his own expense to cash. The differ-
ence in the bill which I present, and for which
I claim no credit for myself-*-I suggested the
idea, and one of the most practical men under
this Government drew it to meet every exigency
proposed; the difference is this: that the pen-
sioner shall go to the postmaster at his county
seat, and on being identified the postmaster
shall forward his name oa a list, which shall
be sent to him, to the Pension Office here, and
the Commissioner of Pensions shall then for-
ward a draft fortheamountof pension through
the post office to the postmaster, who shall
deliver it to the pensioner. Now, every man
knows that after three or four payments the
postmaster will know every pensioner and will
be able to identify him. A gentleman suggests
to me the question, what will be the average of
cases in a county? There can be no average.
Mr. CREBS. About forty is the average.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But in
some cases, as in Philadelphia county, for in-
stance, or in Kings county, New York, there
would be a very much larger number, and some
little time would be required. At present every
one of these pensioners is at the mercy of the
justices of the peace. The whole pension fund
is at the mercy of the justices of the peace.
Now I propose to put an end to this whole
machinery of pension agents and their ex-
penses, which amount to over half a million
annually. Let not the friends of pension agents
contradict me by saying that the salaries of
the pension agents amount only to $190,000.
I say that the pension agents to-day cost the
Government over half a million of money, and
they cost the pensioners almost a million and
a half more under the present system. Further,
it is proposed to make the pensions payable
quarterly. When the committee first reported
their bill they made the pensions payable only
once in six months, which was no improve-
ment. But the bill which I propose here as a
substitute, and to which I ask the attention of
the House, requires payment to be made once
in two months. In the country it may not
make so much difference, but in the city the
poor pensioner discounts the pension before
lie receives it at the rate of from twenty to
twenty-five per cent, a year, in some cases a
very much greater rate. And there are be-
tween three and four million dollars of the
$30,000,000 which we pay out actually eaten up
by the sharks who prey upon the pensioners,
because we put the pensioners at their mercy.
Now, I propose to bring the payment of these
pensions to every man's door by making them
payable at the county seat. After a little while
the pensioner will know precisely where to go
and what to do, and the postmaster will know
all the pensioners, so that the Government can-
not be defrauded on the one side nor the pen-
sioners on the other. One objection that has
been suggested is that the postmaster cannot
be trusted with so much money. Pardon me;
I do not mean to trust him with a single dol-
lar. All he gets is a draft paid to the order
of the pensioner, which he is to hand over to
the pensioner, and the pensioner indorses it;
and the voucher to the Government is the
indorsed draft, which is the only voucher that
will be required at the Treasury. And there
cannot be a dollar improperly taken from the
Pension Office or the Government without for-
gery, and forgery by the only man who has
been intrusted with the draft, and he can be
instantly detected.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I should not be so stren-
uous upon this subject had I not been brought
in contact with this pension payment system.
Why, sir, ifyougoto one of these pension offices
in one of our cities, you will see one hun-
dred and fifty to two hundred people crowded
into a room. The pension agent says " hold
up your hands," and they all hold up their
hands, and all are sworn in a lump. And that
is what is called identification. And then you
will see, in the cold bleak winds of March,
widows and maimed and crippled men, in long
cues reaching along the streets, staying there
from early dawn till late at night, day after
day, waiting to get their pensions from the
pension agent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman (for I am interested in the
plan which he is proposing) what protection
there is, in the case of the death of a pensioner
occurring, that the postmaster rtiay not con-
tinue to draw the pension?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The post-
master, being made ex officio a pension agent,
has to give additional bond for the faithful
discharge of his duties in that capacity, and
one of his duties is to ascertain and report
every time there is a removal or death of one
of his pensioners, and to omit to do so would i
be a breach of his offiical duty, like any other
breach of duty.
I have been told that the Postmaster Gen-
eral says he cannot execute this bill. I have
the honor to say that the Postmaster General
never saw this bill. He was asked this, whether
he could execute a bill to pay pensions through
the money-order office, and he said he could
not. I saw he could not, and therefore I did
not press the matter. But I went to the man
who helped to organize the money-order office
and who knows more about the workings of
that office than anybody else in it, and I asked
him to draw me a bill on a syllabus I gave him
which could be enforced, and if gentlemen will
only give t.heir attention to the poor maimed
soldiers, about whom we hear so many Fourth
of July orations on thi3 floor, long enough to
ascertain what are the provisions of the bill
and how practical they are, I have not the
slightest doubt but what they will vote for
the bill.
Just spend one hour, spend fifteen minutes
in that way, give that time to the soldier,
and I know you will vote to afford him that
protection which this bill will give him. It is
due to him. He asks it. The soldiers' news-
papers ask it; the soldiers' conventions ask
it; every time and everywhere where the pen-
sioner is heard you will hear his voice come
up asking for the passage of this bill, and you
cannot find a case to the contrary. But when
I introduced my proposition that this business
shall be done through the post office, what
was thefir8t convocation held in this city? Ib
two days after the pension agents held a con-
vention here, and they have been dianing my
ears and the ears of the Committee on Pen-
sions, and the ears of the Commissioner of
Pensions, and of every other official, with their
Cry that the occupation of Alexander the cop-
persmith is gone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, if I can get the
attention of the House, I think I shall be able
in the very few minutes left me to give suffi-
cient reasons why the bill of the Committee
on Invalid Pensions should pass, and to answer
the principal objections, and all of them if I
have time, that have been urged against this
bill, to the satisfaction of every member of this
House. And first let me say, in reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
that no pension agent has ever approached me
on the subject of this bill. I introduced the
bill on my own responsibility early in this ses-
sion and referred it to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions. Prior to its introduction into
this House I submitted it to the Commissioner
of Pensions, a gentleman whom you all know,
and who served for years upon the Committee
on Invalid Pensions of this House and is famil-
iar with this pension system in all its details,
and he gave his assent to the bill. Thereupon
I introduced it into the House and referred it
to the committee.
Now, what is it? In the first place it con-
tinues the pension agents. There are fifty-nine
pension agents now in the United States. This
office was created more than half a century
ago. It was created by law in the year 1809,
and has continued without complaint, so far
as I am aware, from that day up to the present
time." And here let me say that no officers of
this Government have, as a general thing, dis-
charged their duties with greater satisfaction
to those having business with them than the
pension agents. They are now disbursing
$33,000,000 a year. They have been disburs-
ing large Bums of money since 1861, and will
have to disburse hereafter still larger sums than
they, have ever disbursed yet. Not one dollar
of the amount has ever been lost to the Gov-
ernment. Not a single instance can be named
in which through the failure of a pension agent,
or by his proving a defaulter, or from any
other cause, the United States has lost a single
dollar.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Are there
