2484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
to sa,y that it is very easy for Senators who
have seen these works progress favorably in
their own States, and who have got all the
public lands there are in their States, and who
have made no complaint of the operation of
the system in their own States, to assert now
that this system ought to stop or be changed;
but I apprehend that the same reasons which
made it a blessing to Iowa, Kansas, and Illinois,
will make it a blessing to Arkansas, Nevada,
and any other State that yet desires grants of
public lands. There is a sort of selfishness
about this proposition, as it occurs to mo.
When we have got what has been a blessing to
our State, and which none of our citizens com-
plain of, why are we disposed to deny that to
another State which is struggling into exist-
ence and trying to get a population ? There are
a thousand miles of railroad in operation in my
own State not ten years old, and our popula-
tion is increasing with untold rapidity. The
Senator from Vermont told me the other day
that people were moving from his State iu
townships; and I received a letter this morn-
ing from a superintendent of ono of our rail-
roads, in which ho says ho carries over six
hundred emigrants a day.
Mr. EDMfTNDS. You do not mean me.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir ; your colleague.
Now, why is it that they are attracted to a
new prairie State like the State which I have
the honor in part to represent? It is because
we are bringing the telegraph and the rail-
road 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 said to the
Senator that I thought a number of inhab-
itants would go from tho State of Vermont to
the western States, equal to three or four town-
ships, the coming season, and that alarge share
of them would go to Kansas.
Mr. POMliROY. I did not mean to say
that tho Senator from Vermont said they were
going by townships. 1 only speak of that as
an illustration. Why do they come to a new
State like the States which several of us have
the honor to represent here? Because they
have the facilities of railroads, of telegraphs,
of daily mails, of schools, of churches. Every
facility will go with a railroad. You shut
yourself away from a railroad, and you shut
yourself away from mails, from the means of
communication which make^v community in-
telligent, happy, and blessed ; aud the man
who throws an obstacle in the way of building
a railroad in any portion of the country does
an injury to the country through which tho
railroad proposes to go and to tho whole coun-
try, because we are all 1' parts of one stupen-
dous whole."
Mr. President, my judgment has not yielded
to this clamor about confining land grants to
an arbitrary rule of $2 50 an acre. I believe
it is an injurious thing. I do not believe that
it will settle tho country through which therail-
road goes with anything like the facility that
the old policy of land grants will settle it. If
the chairman of the committee submits to an
amendment which deprives railroad compa-
nies of the rights that have already vested in
them; if1 he encourages an amendment that
looks like takisg away what.has been granted
to them for six years, I say it is an abomina-
tion. Such legislation as that is piracy. When
a company have not forfeited their grants and
are legally in possession of them for Congress
to come forward with a proposition to take them
away is monstrous.
N ow. Mr. President, I am willing to submit
(his question to a vote of the Senate. 1 want
the voice of the Senate on this question, not
simply as applied to this particular grant, but
as an instruction to the Committee on Public
Lands. I want to know whether the Senate
propose to fix arbitrarily upon all our land
grants a provision that they shall be sold at
S'2 50 an acre. If that is the judgment of the
Senate I shall report bills in that direction. I
do not propose to make war on the Senate. I
only want to know what is the judgment of the
Senate; and I give Senators notice that all their
bills will be made to conform to the judgment
of the Senate. But I submit that the old pro-
vision which I insisted upon in the Pacific
railroad act, aud which I will read again—
"That all lands granted which shall not bo sold or
disposed of by said company within three years after
the entiro road shall have boon oompleted shall bo
subject to settlement and preemption liko other
public lands, at a price not exceeding®! 25 per aore,
tho money to be paid to tho company"—
will prevent any landed monopoly of a rail-
road company. They have got to find settlers
to take the lands within three years after the
road is completed ; and if they do not do that,
then they are to be open to settlement at $1 25
an acre. That is legislation which is in the
interest of the people. It secures tho road;
it secures settlement; it benefits the settler;
and a departure from that system to this sys-
tem of requiring an arbitrary price of $2 50
an acre would be ruinous.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am not desirous
of prolonging this debate, but I wish to make
two or three suggestions in relation to the
opposition that seems to have sprung up of
lato to the donation of lands to aid iu the con-
struction of railroads.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from
Nevada will allow mo ono moment, I wish to
withdraw tho amendment which I renewed. It
seems 1 did not fully understand tho terms of
it. If it undertakes to deal with the- lands
already granted, of course I shall not wish to
offer any such amendment. I ask leave to
withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be withdrawn if there be no objec-
tion ; aud then the question recurs on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. NYE. To that question I desire to ad-
dress myself in a few words. 1 listened the
other day to a speech from the other side of
the Chamber in entire and open opposition to
any further grants from tho public domain for
the construction of !%iIroads. I listened to-day
to tho speech of tho honorable Senator from
Iowa upon a policy not so broad, but quite as
fatal, if adopted, as the former. The proposi-
tion of the honorable Senator from Iowa I sup-
pose rests on the idea that real and actual
settlers should not be obliged to pay more than
$2 50 an acre for their lands. I think it, would
be a fair test of the honorable Senator's posi-
tion il he would in addition to that make tho
Government guaranty that the land thus do-
nated should bring to the company $2 50 an
acre a:: a whole, and that tho surplus over and
above that should inure to the benefit of the
Government. If it, is fair to circumscribe the
companies as he proposes it is certainly fair
that the Government should stand as the guar-
antor to these companies for the amount to
which we propose to limit them.
Mr. HOWELL. If the Senator from Nevada
will allow me a moment, I offered an amend-
ment to a bill here the other day which limits
the average price of the land to $2 50 an acre,
which goes iu the direction of his suggestion
as far as I could go, as I am not in the insur-
ance business.
Mr. NYE. No, sir; neither are railroads,
nor is the Government. Mr. President, this
policy rests upon a broad principle which has
been adopted*by this Government to a greater
extent probably than by any other, and tho true
test of the policy is seen in what has been done
iu the past. Sir, I rode upon the first loco-
motive ever constructed in America.
Mr. COLE. Are you as old as that?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir, I am as old as that;
and that is not so very long ago. It ran on the
Hudson and Mohawk road, from Schenectady
to Albany. That, if I remember aright, was
in 1831.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Andtherails
were iron tire laid on wood.
Mr. NYE. They were a mockery of rails.
They were to our system of rails now what
the bucket-hook would be to the rails upon
which we now ride. That was my earliest
knowledge of the system of railroads. To-day,
under the policy adopted by our Government,
we have railroads enough upon this continent
to twice encircle the globe. We adopted a
new principle, a principle resting upon the
genius and inspiration of the American people,
of going forth over our mighty continent in
advance of population ; and under that policy
you behold a nation to-day proudly preeminent
over all others, by the simple donation of a
part of the public domain of the country. Sir,
to me there is a grandeur and a magnificence
and an indorsement of the policy of this coun-
try that it is too late now to gainsay. Its
record is written not in steel altogether, but
its lines are as deep as the foundations of our
Government itself. I have only to draw atten-
tion to the magnitude of our success as an
ample indorsement of the policy of our Gov-
ernment.
Shortly after that little picce of ephemeral
road to which I have referred was built I went
to the city of Chicago. That was in 1832. That
whole country then was a boundless prairie,
unsettled, stretching out into regious unknown,
until the army in pursuit of Black Hawk trod
where tho foot of the white man had never
stepped before. It was a country rich and
luxuriant iu production, beautiful to the eye,
but worthless in fact to tho nation, because
most of it lay so fir from navigable waters.
A little later, and but a little later, a noble
genius irom the State of Massachusetts, to
whom should be reared as high a monument
as to any son of Now England in modern times—
I refer to Robert Rautoul, jr., who died too
early for his country's good, but not too early
for a ripened liime—'dispelled the doubts that
had been thrown around the great project of
the Illinois Central railroad. lie spread out
to the Legislature of Illinois the boundless ad-
vantages ttiat would accrue from affording aid
to that great enterprise. lie laid that upon
the altar of his country for its benefit, and the
nation also was induced to extend its aid.
The success of that enterprise is already plainly
visible. Two millions and a, half of people are
to-day luxuriantly provided for upon the fertile
soil of Illinois. The productions of those prai-
ries which would otherwise have lain as waste
as the waters, and might as well have been as
barren as the desert, have fed tho starving
millions of Europe, and have brought bread
to crowded New England and cheapened it to
a degree beyond my power to describe.
Sir, not long ago, when I thought I saw a
settled determination on the part of Congress
to hasten the death of our external commerce,
I turned, as the mariner turns his eye upon
the green isle of the ocean, to the majesty of
our internal commerce. It is a settled fact by
figures, and no one knows it better than the
Senator from Iowa, that when you raise corn
at soventy-fivo cents a bushel one hundred and
twenty-five miles from market, and you have
got to lay it down in that market by animal
power, the value of your corn is exhausted
when it reaches there. By this system of rail-
roads, by this apparently generous, yet no
more than just, policy adopted by the Govern-
ment, I can draw that corn sixteen hundred
miles for the same money. There are the
lacts. Who would go back to the principle of
mule-power or horse-power as compared with
the enlarged and never-tiring zeal and persist-
ency of that wonderful combination of mechan-
ical power, the steam locomotive?
Sir, the figures presented by Robert Rantoul,
jr., were caricatured for their extravagance as
much as were the figures of the immortal Clin-
ton upon the Brie canal caricatured; but the
ink upon the caricatures was not dry before
Illinois arose in grandeur in vindication of the
theory of Rantoul. What was deemed extrav-
agant then did not tell the sixteenth part of the
truth; and yet this convincing proof moved the
