1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3429
not forty indictments pending for the fraudu-
lent payment of pensions ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There lias not been a
pension agent indicted since the war com-
menced, to my knowledge; not one. I ask the
gentleman to name one.
Mr. RANDALL. I would ask the gentle- i
nan if he does not know that within the last
three weeks it has been found necessary to send
an officer to my own city to investigate the
accounts of a pension agent there ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There may have been
defaulting agents, but during the period of time
that I speak of I say here before the country
that so far as is known not one single dollar
of the large amount that has been disbursed by
pension agents or intrusted to their care has
been lost to the Government.
Now, sir, a great hue and cry is raised here
a«ainst the expense attending this system.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
says that the pension agents are getting $250,-
000 a year. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] says they will get $500,000.
The gentlemen certainly speak without having
the figures before them.
Mr. RANDALL. I said the cost of it under
your plan would be $500,000.
Mr. BEN J AMIN. To whom do we propose
to pay one cent except to the pension agents?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Who will
pay the fees for the vouchers?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will come to that di-
rectly. I have the official figures here from the
Department, by which it appears that during
the last year there was paid to pension agents
for disbursing this large amount of money the
sum of $191,460. Those are the figures from
the Department. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] says $250,000. I ask him
his authority for that statement.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The Commissioner of
Pensions, who now sits near me.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have the figures from
the Department before me, which I think will
not be disputed by any one. In some remarks
that I made some time ago in this House, I
placed the amount of such expenditure at
§200,000; I said- that it had never exceeded
that amount. Then, how is this amount dis-
tributed? No pension agent can get over
$4,000 a year; that is the limit which the law
fixes at the present time, and the committee
do not propose to disturb that limit. Each
agent is to be limited to $4,000, he to pay the
office rent, clerk hire, and every other expense
attending the running of his office. That is
all he gets; if he disburses more, he gets the
same; if he disburses less, then he gets less.
It cannot exceed $4,000, and may not exceed
$500.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will not the fees pro-
vided for by this bill 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will reach that point
soon. Direct instructions were given by this
House to the Committee on Invalid Pensions
to report a bill whereby all these fees now paid
to outside parties shall be paid by the Govern-
ment. The House instructed the committee
to so report, and we have done so. Now, what
do we propose? Under this quarterly system
about four and a quarter millions of these vouch-
ers must be prepared each year. That is a big
job. The bill of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] abont doubles that
number. The bill of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Crebs] proposes the same. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] pro-
poses to limit the number of vouchers to the
limit fixed by the bill of the committee; that
is about four million four hundred thousand of
these vouchers are to be prepared each year at
the offices of the pension agents, sent by them
to the pensioners, and when returned toy them
drafts are drawn upon the Treasury for the
various amounts due to the pensioners.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My bill
does not require that system of vouchers.
Mr, BENJAMIN. For doing that work the
House has said that the Government should
pay instead of the pensioners. In this bill we
propose that the Government shall pay the
pension agents for the preparation of vouch-
ers and all other matters the sum of thirty
cents per voucher, out of which he must pay
six cents postage, which amount goes back into
Treasury.
Mr. PROSSER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. PROSSER. Where is the necessity for
paying this fee of thirty cents to the pension
agent for the prepapation of these vouchers?
According to tne best calculation which I can
make the fees for the preparation of these
vouchers for Philadelphia alone would amount
to $23,498, and for otner places in the country
they would be in proportion. Now, I desire
to know if the gentleman proposes to add that
amount to the compensation of the pension
agents?
Mr. BENJAMIN. We propose to pay in
proportion to the number of vouchers pre-
pared. The fee is to be thirty cents, including
j postage, which will be at least six cents, and
in some instances nine cents. Therefore these
agents cannot get more than twenty-four cents
in any instance. I would inform the gentle-
man that the Pennsylvania agency will have
to prepare thirty thousand vouchers in every
year, and a large force must necessarily be
employed in doing all this work. The amount
which we propose to pay for this service is less
than one half of what is now the legal fee for
doing the same work.
Mr. PROSSER. The number of pensions
paid in the city of Philadelphia is less than
twenty thousand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. By imposing this work
on the pension agents it will cost the Govern-
ment a considerable sum of money, but noth-
ing like the amount stated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.] Accord-
ing to a calculation which was prepared with
reference to the original bill, which contem-
plated semi-annual payments, the cost to the
Government, including commissions to the
pension agents, would be $300,000 all told.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. Why is he so anxious
to continue these pension agents when the pen-
sioners are unanimously appealing to us to do
away with them?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] had
time to read the five hundred letters which I
have in my desk from pensioners all over the
country, neither of them would get up and say
here that pensioners all over the country are
demanding the abolition of these agencies.
Mr. RANDALL. I can speak for Phila-
delphia.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me say right here
that the Committee on Invalid Pensions, after
examining this matter ftilly, estimating all the
cost and listening to all the statements of pen-
sioners and other parties interested, are unaui-
mous in reporting the bill. The Secretary of
the Interior, of whose Department the Pension
Bureau is a branch, together with the Com-
missioner of Pensions, recommends the pas-
sage of the bill, and condemns the various
propositions which are antagonized to it.
In addition to that, the Postmaster General
to whose Department it is proposed to transfer
this duty, informs us that although that project
may be practicable, yet it must necessarily result
in a larger expense to the Government, and
in inevitable delay in carrying it out. Every-
body knows that to constitute two or three
thousand officers with whom accounts must be
opened at the Departments, will necessarily
throw upon these Departments an immense
amount of work. I have the authority of the
Department for saying that five hundred addi-
tional clerks would be required in the office of
the Commissioner of Pensions alone, to carry
out the provisions of either of the substitutes
which are offered to this bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Anybody who says that
does not understand his business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Any one
who says it is not fit for his place.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded and the main question ordered.
The first questiou is upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment is
that offered by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Crebs.]
Mr. CREBS. The substitute which I have
offered is almost exactly the same as that of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] the only difference being that his pro-
vides for bimonthly payments, while mine pro-
poses to make the payments quarterly. As I
prefer his proposition to mine, I withdraw my
substitute.
The SPEAKER. The question is next upon
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
The substitute was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
The substitute was read, as follows:
That from and after the 1st day of January, of the
year 1871, all pensions to which the pensioners of the
United States may by law be entitled shall be due and
payable to them bimonthly, at the county seats of
each and every county and at the seat of justice in
Barishes of the several States and Territories of the
nion in which said pensioners may at the time bo
domiciled, on the first days in the months of Jan-
uary, March. May, July, September, and November
in each and every year, except when the first days
of the said months may fall on Sundays, and in such
cases then on the next days thereafter; and in the
District of Columbia payment shall be made at the
office of the Commissioner of Pensions, and not else-
where.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the several
postmasters at the county seats of counties and at
the seat of justico in parishes of the several States
and Territories of th« Union are hereby made and
constituted ex officio pension agents of the United
States, and shall, in addition to the bonds now re-
quired by law, be further required to enter into ad-
ditional bond in a penal sum not exceeding $5,000,
payable to the United States of America, condi-
tioned for the faithful performance of all the duties
required of them by this aet, which bond shall have
one or more sureties, to be approved by the collector
of internal revenue of the United States in the dis-
trict in which said county may be located, or by a
judge of a State courtexercising common-law juris-
diction over the county or parish where such post-
master and ex officio pension agont may reside; and
such bond shall be obtained from the postmaster by
the Commissioner of Pensions, who shall keep the
game on file in his office.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That such post-
mastess and ex officio pension agents shall be re-
quired to make payment, in the mode hereinafter
provided, of all pensions due in their respective
counties or parishes, to such pensioners as may be
domiciled or permanently resident therein, and to
none others; such payment to be made on or before
the third days of said months of J anuary, March, May,
July, September, and November, in each and every
year, or as soon thereafter as practicable, free of any
charge whatever to the pensioners; and for such ser-
vico the postmaster and ex officio pension agent shall
receive for each payment so made by him the sum
of thirty cents, to be paid to such postmaster by the
Commissioner of Pensions.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That all the neces-
sary vouohers upon which pensions are to be paid
shall be prepared at the office of the Commissioner
of Pensions, under his direction, and he is hereby
authorized to employ such additional elerks as may
be required by him to carry this aet into effeot, not,
however, exceeding , and that such vouchers
so prepared, together with a complete list of all pen-
sioners in each county or parish, shall be transmit-
ted by mail to the postmaster and ex officio pension
agent in such county one month before the several
days on which pensions are due and payable under
the provisions of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That immediately
on the receipt of the vouohers and the list of pension-
ers, as provided in section four of this act, it shall
be the duty of the postmaster and ex officio pension
agent residing at the county seat to make inquiry
and examination as to the correctness of the list ftir-
nished him as provided in section four of _thii act,
and to this end he may require all pensioners to
exhibit to him their pension certificates, either by
th emselves or by some friend, who most swear before
such postmaster and ex officio pension aijent that he
received it from such pensioner, that he is personally
acquainted with him or her. and that the pensioner,
