1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nation to the policy of adopting a wider and
more humane policy of granting the public
lands to aid in the construction of railroads.
As a matter of policy, I thipk I stand vindicated.
My friend from New York [Mr. Conklikg]
will bear me testimony that within my day, not
his, I can remember when wheat was sold in
central New York for thirty-seven and a half
cents, and fifty cents a bushel when drawn to
Albany by animal power. I asked my old
father once, in the name of common sense,
what he drew it there for? He said it was for
the fun of going; he enjoyed the society of the
wheat while he was going there. [Laughter.]
The product was useless then. To-day the con-
stituents of my honorable friend get §2 50 or
three dollars for wheat in the same locality.
Mr. POMEROY. They do not get that price
now.
Mr. NYE. It has been that. I am not speak-
ing particularly of the price at this moment,
but X speak of the boundless advantages of this
policy; and yet Clinton and his coadjutors were
heralded forth as arrant fools for adopting the
policy of the Erie canal.
Mr. POMEROY. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator that the millers are now grinding in George-
town wheat raised in California.
Mr. NYE. We will grind the wheat that
grows in the remotest portions of this continent
in the mills at home. Sir, I repeat, this policy
has vindicated itself, and it is too late to attempt
to thwart it or to cripple it.
The picture grows, as we contemplate it, in
such magnificent proportions that it is hard to
describe it. One hundred and twenty days,
one hundred and sixty days often were required
for a voyage from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and that old pathway is thickly
studded all along with the graves of the hardy
pioneers who were lured in the quest of gold
to the quiet shores of the Pacific. Not four
months ago I started from San Francisco, and
in six days to the hour from the time I left I
was in the city of New York. I call on the
honorable Senator from Iowa, with his mathe-
matical mind, to contemplate it. I am but one
of the hundreds of thousands that cross these
plains. Figure up the saving in time and man-
ual labor, and then say what you think of this
policy. I performed in six days what was
formerly a voyage by land of one hundred
and twenty days. The pathway is covered no
longer by dying and dead animals. It is the
never-tiring engine that walks up the mount-
ain with a resistless power, and annihilates
the distance between the shores of the Atlantic
and the shores of the Pacific. Scarcely do
you slumber from the time you begin to descend
that great bug-bear of railroad schemes, the
Rocky mountains, before you staud upon the
borders of the State of the honorable Senator
from Iowa.
Sir, what has been true of Illinois is true of
Iowa. She is rich beyond description in her
products; but two thirds of her surface would
have been as useless as though it were barren
if this system of internal improvements had
not been adopted. I hold, therefore, Iowa as
the second testifying witness in behalf of this
policy. She boasts of having put, I think, some
three hundred thousand troops in the field—I
do not know how many; certainly her full
number—agood and noble host; buthergreater
boast is that this policy has made acres pro-
ductive that were worthless before, and has
opened facilities which no other system would
have done.
It is too late, therefore, to attempt to stop
this policy. As well might you, and with greater
propriety, attempt to fill up the Erie canal and
destroy the proudest monument that New York
ever reared; as well might you attempt to tear
up the rails of the Union and Central Pacific,
and drive us again to animal power for our
transit across the continent. Sir, the theory
is established: the policy is vindicated ; and I
observe now with extreme regret an effort made
to cripple it.
Sir, I live on the Central Pacific railroad, or
near enough to reach it in a few hours' drive.
I have seen with my own eyes, in my own desert
country—and the railroad passes through the
most deserted and barren portion of the State;
even there upon those alkali plains it Seems to
have perverted the designs of the Almighty by
rearing villages, and towns, and prosperous
marts of trade. There is another triumph of
this policy, and there it will stand forever.
That portion of our country which not very
long ago the boys at school were instructed was
the great unexplored American desert, now
blossoms in her valleys, and the mountains are
busy and noisy with the tumult of mining and
trade. That is another triumph of this great
American policy of giving lands to aid in the
construction of railroads. Stop it! As well
would I think of severing the main artery of
my system and expect to live. Stop it! As
well might the honorable Senator from Iowa
attempt to stay the sun in its course.
Now, sir, I come to another portion of the
honorable Senator's argument. He says if
this system is not modified or abolished the
people will rise in their majesty and stop it.
I repudiate on the part of an intelligent people
any such doctrine. It is incorporated into
their whole experience, and it stands a part of
their nature now to give the public domain to
these great works; and for what ? To keep
them from acquiring homes? No, sir, but to
give them homes. Go, consult the crowded
marts of your great cities; go to the more bar-
ren portion of our non-producing soil, and what
do the people long for? Cheap and rapid
transportation to a milder climate and more
productive soil. That is what the people of
this country demand, and what they expect,
and what they will have. The danger of in-
dignation lies in the other direction. To every
argument adduced by the honorable Senator
from Iowa I hold up his own State as a mirror
in which may be seen its refutation.
Mr. President, I have spoken somewhat
ardently on this subject, but the truth of this
policy has been incorporated into my very
existence. I remember the early struggles
and the abuse to which the groat projectors of
the Erie canal were subjected ; but the day of
their vindication came, and the narrow policy
that their opponents adopted stands now as a
rejected theory, while that canal is the proud-
est monument ever reared to those who advo-
cated it.
Now, sir, I live upon the line of the Central
Pacific railroad. This northern road can in
no possible way affect me individually. I shall
probably never see it when it is constructed.
But I have seen the wonderful benefits of this
policy in my own State, and 1 will not withhold
it from others. A policy that was good for the
Union and the Central is good for the North-
ern Pacific railroad. I have no selfish pur-
pose to accomplish for the Central Pacific road.
It has had its aid, and it must stand or fall
upon its merits; but I will never consent to
accept for them what I am not. willing to grant
to others.
Sir, where is it that this road proposes to go ?
Away up in that frosty region at the head of
Lake Superior. It spans a country in which
there are but very few inhabitants, which is
not productive, but which is probably one of
the greatest pasturing regions in this country.
It strikes the Missouri river away up in its
mountain passes, and goes over to the navi-
gable waters of the Columbia and down the
western declivity of the mountains. Sir. I glory
in the anticipation of having that wild region ]
made vocal by sturdy settlers. I glory in the |
anticipation that but a few more years shall j
roll around ere the whistle of the locomotive |
shall be keard from mountain to mountain and j
the valleys shall echo back the sound.
Sir, these are the triumphs that have been
won. This is the way to secure future triumphs.
What has proved true in the past will prove
true in the future. History repeats itself, but
generally on a larger and more extensive seals;
and what is true of the Central Pacific will be
true of this road. This policy ig no longer an
experiment; it is a demonstrated fact.
i have but one word more to say before I
conclude, and that is in relation to the magni-
tude of our internal commerce. It is now
more than three times, and I think almost four
times the amount of oar national debt per
annum. Sir, if this is done in this age, what
will be done in themore ripened future? With
a continent as broad as the human imagina-
tion, with a continent that defies the frigidity
of the North and the heat of the South, that
snuffs the breeze of every altitude that human-
ity has ever trod, more productive in all its
phases than any other continent in the world,
who would stay the progress of this system of
internal improvement that has done so much
for us? Who would strangle this beautiful
presentation when so ripe and pregnant with
advantages for the future?
These railroad companies would be glad to
sell their whole possessions to-day for $1 50
an acre; and yet an effort is made to make
them sell no single acre for over $2 50. How
can it be averaged? Here are lands which
will not be required to be used perhaps for
the next half century. Must they wait for an
average? As well might the honorable Sen-
ator get a receiver appointed until away down
in the pathway of the future there should be
some mode ascertained of averaging the price
of these lands. Let mo tell the honorable Sen-
ator what I honestly believe, that the idea that
they will bring much more than they do is the
very thing that encourages capital to make
the roads. I have never seen a x-oad built
within my experience that did not realize
much less than its originators expected for
their lands, save perhaps the Illinois Central,
and I can render a very good reason why that
forms an exception. It ran through the very
garden of the world, where the soil had been
accumulating its richness unbroken ever since
creation's .dawn, and it is hard to tell now
where first its great influences were felt in that
State. Go to the center, and there are mighty
towns and cities; go to the extreme west, and
there you find the same; come east, and you
see the marvel of the world, the unparalleled
growth of the city of Chicago. Sir, they stand
as the accumulated evidences in behalf of the
policy adopted by this Government. They
stand as living witnesses in favor of the theory
which I support. They stand, as they ever will
stand, the boldest testimony iu favor of the
expanded policy of the Government of the
United States.
Sir, if there is one thing above another that
commands the attention of him who loves his
country best it is the liberal policy that has
been adopted in this country, which has taken
population half a century ahead of where it
would otherwise be. Every man away out on
the plains testifies in favor of the policy and
the wisdom of the Government that has appro-
priated some portion of its public lands to
enable him to settle there.
Mr. President, I hope, and I have no doubt
my hopes will be realized, that after sueh evi-
dences of prosperity and glory arising from
this policy, we shall take no backward step
now. As well return to the old craft that used
to float wood down the Hudson in lieu of the
majestic palaces thatfnow glide on its bosom.
This nation has gone out upon a broader and
more commanding scalc. Its ships are at-
tracting the attention of the world, and its
mighty progress in railroads challenges the
admiration of the enlightened universe. Re-
cede from it! Never!
Mr. SHERMAN. I nowappeal to the ben-
ator from Michigan to allow this matter to be
laid aside informally in order that we may take
up House joint resolution No. 120, in regard
| to the income lax. I intend to propose, by
direction of the Committee on Finance, an
| amendment which I believe will meet with
