1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move the amendment
so that this section may not apply to that part
of the bill which requires the Legislature to
ratify the fifteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States. I presume that
nobody desires that the President should em-
ploy the military to compel the Legislature to
do that; but by inserting the word' 'preceding''
the section will apply then to the previous
provisions and not to that.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was about to move
to amend the section by adding to it the words
"inrelation to the reorganization of the Legis-
lature." The amendment proposed by the
Senator amounts to the same thing. This pecu-
liarity of the bill, or what strikes the Senator
as peculiar, is rendered peculiar by the amend-
ment which has been put on the bill by the
vote of the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is so. '
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Senato
do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Letus adjourn until Monday.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will make the motion
to adjourn until Monday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin withdraws his motion that the
Senate do now adjourn, and moves that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The question being put, it was declared that
the motion appeared to be agreed to ; and a
division was called for.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President—-
Mr. SUMNER. Is the question debatable ?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
fix a time for the adjournment is debatable to a
limited extent.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand this. We have been kept hero until
after midnight for the jjurposo of passing this
bill, and because u majority of those who are
hero in the Senate have seen til to put an
amendment on tho bill there is a movement
made to adjourn the Senate at this time, and to
adjourn it over until Monday so as to strike
this bill dead. I do not understand this course,
and I do not understand why J, a3 a Senator
here, am to be treated in this way, that wo are
to bo asked to stay here and pass a bill, and
then because the majority choose to put on an
amendment to it, wo arc to have a motion
started to adjourn.
Now, sir, I beg leave to say that tho State
of Georgia may stay out of tho Union for twenty
years before I will consent here to disqualify a
man for position there who was compelled to
render aid to the rebellion and never rendered
it voluntarily ; and if because the majority of
tho Senate take that view of tiie matter and
amend this bill the session of tho Senate is to
bo broken up to-night and tho passago of the
bill endangered, I should like to know it. I
want to pass the bill; I want Georgia put in a
condition where her loyal people can hold tho
dominion of the State, and 1 do not wish to be
kept here until after midnight and then have
the_ Senate break up and adjourn over a wholo
legislative day, till the begiuningof next week,
just because an amendment has been put in
which the Judiciary Committee do not wish to
be put in. _ Sir, I object to that sort of treat-
ment; I object to an adjournment over until
Monday ; and I object to any adjournment to-
night until we act on this bill finally.
Mr. CARPENTER. I trust that the learned
and amiable Senator from Missouri will not get
into any unnecessary excitement on this sub-
ject. It being after midnight, and it perhaps
being understood that the friends of this bill
were continuing this session, we having been
applied to by several members before to con-
sent to a motion to adjourn, and the friends
of the bill, believing that tho bill in its present
form would be of no particular account if it
was passed, thought it was due to themselves
and the Senate that they should take the views
and the wishes of the Senate upon the question
of staying or going. It was not assumed by
any member upon the Judiciary Committee nor
by myself, its humblest member, that making
this motion would by any means have the
effect to adjourn the Senate. It would, how-
ever, absolve us from the responsibility of
keeping the Senate here any later if they did
not choose to stay. The motion being made
submits the whole question to the Senate; and
if the Senate are of the same opinion with the
Senator from Missouri, of course the Senate
will not adjourn, and no particular injury will
be done that I am aware of.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that the Senate will
not adjourn, and I was surprised to hear the
Senator who has charge of this bill and who
has invited us to stay and assist in its passage
make the motion at this time.
Now, there is a difference of opinion as to
the effect of tho amendment which has been
adopted on the motion of the Senator from
California. I do not regard it as in any mate-
rial respect injuring the bill. According to the
provisions of this bill as it now stands it will
be the duty of the Governor to reassemble the
Legislature—every member will be reseated,
the Legislature will stand as it did before any
of the members were expelled. There will be
a perfect Legislature; and then we have re-
quired them to ratify tho fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution. Now, it is possible that
some individual members might bo kept out of
the Legislature if tho amendment had not been
adopted, but I shall be content if the Legisla-
ture is restored to the condition in which it
was at tho time the colored members wero
expelled and they proceed and ratify tho fif-
teenth amendment and elect their Senators to
Congress. I shall bo satisfied, then with the
proceedings of that Legislature, and it is folly
for us by any means, by any legislation, or by
prescribing any oaths, to try to keep men out
of tho legislative bodies of the southern States
who havo been connected with tho rebellion.
It is in vain to make tho attempt. All that wo
can do is to protect all people there in their
rights, givo them equal political rights and
insist that they shall comply with tho terms and
conditions that we proscribe.
I hope now that we shall take a vote. We
are ready to voto on tho bill as I understand ;
disenssiou has ceased. We may pass it. If
the House of Representatives should not agree
to the amendment wo havo proposed, it is pos-
sible the Senate may recede. It docs not neces-
sarily follow that this will be a part of tho bill
because it has been agreed to hero. Let tho
Senate got through with tho bill, lot it go to
the House of Representatives, and then it may
upon further reflection be modified or changed
so as to suit the wishes of the gentlemen who
have charge of it.
Mr. STEWART, I was about to make an
explanation, after which I think, when we come
into the Senato and another voto is had on this
proposition, it may be better understood. I
do not think Senators understood this section
of the bill when they voted as they did on the
amendment of the Senator from California. In
the first place it was assumed that it applied to
everybody who was to bo reseated in the Legis-
lature ; that is that all of them were to take this
oath declaring that they had not given aid of
any kind to the rebellion.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Nevada
will allow me to inquire of the Chair whether
it is in order to debate what was understood
about a bill or amendment after it has passed?
Mr. STEWART. I want to make this ex-
planation 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and a motion is made that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next; and by tho ruling of this body differing
from the ruling in the other it has been held
that that motion is debatable. A motion to
adjourn simply is not debatable; that can be
made at any time. That would take us till
twelve o'clock on Saturday.
Mr. CASSERLY. My point was not that
as to whichl understood the President's ruling
distinctly 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been the
uniform ruling of the Senate that a motion to
adjourn over is debatable.
Mr. CASSERLY. But when a question has
been once decided can a Senator rise in his
place and discuss whether those who voted on
it understood it and proceed to explain it?
Mr. STEWART. We can vote on it again
in the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. When it is back there:
not sooner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
in Committee of the Whole and the amend-
ment may be voted upon again in the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. If I had made this explan-
ation a little while ago I do not believe the
vote would have been the same that it was,
because I know several Senators who voted
under misapprehension. In the first place, it
was assumed that this was an oath to be admin-
istered to all members of the Legislature; it
was assumed that it applied to all the parties
who were to be sworn in. Now the oath only
applies to those who held office before the war.
None of the colored men held office, and very
few of the white men who were in that Legis-
lature. Some fifteen or twenty of the whites,
or at any rate not more than thirty at the
outside, held office.
Of that number some eight or ten have already
had their disabilities removed, so that it only
applies to a few who held office before the
rebellion and participated in the rebellion and
who haviibeen manipulating that Legislature.
It is not requiring too much to apply this oath
to those who held office previous to the war and
subsequently gave any kind of aid to the rebel-
lion, applying it onlyto that small class of men
who have acted so badly and made all this
trouble. I am prepared to believe almost any-
thing of men who obtained seats by an arrange-
ment with the colored men that all those elected
should havo their seats, and by which they got
the vote of the colored men as they did under
an understanding that all should have their
seats, and after they had got their own seats
turned round and expelled those colored men.
They themselves were disqualified, and having
got their seats by tho vote of the colored men
in the beginning they turned around and voted
the colored men out—themost treacherous thing
on record. There areonly afewofthem. They
manipulated the whole thing; and I say whether
they gave voluntary or involuntary aid to the
rebellion, if they gave aid at all we should
apply the oath to them in the strongest terms,
just as stringent as the constitutional amend-
ment is, certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada will suspend. The Chair, upon reflec-
tion, is satisfied that the point made by the
Senator from California is correct at the present
stage. When this bill is reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole to the Senate it will be
again open for discussion, but the amendment
now under debate having been agreed to, unless
a motion to reconsider is made it is not subject
to discussion until the committee has reported
to the Senate; it will then be open for debae
again.
Mr. STEWART. I am through.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. POMERO^Y. I think I can make a
suggestion that will he satisfactory to the com-
mittee andperhaps to the majority of the Senate,
and that is that it will be in order when the bill
shall be reported to the Senate for the Senator
from Michigan to move the amendment he in-
dicated, and that amendment I think is satis-
factory to the committee and to the majority
of the Senato.
