1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5817
may obtain at some time in the future the alter-
nate sections of land which are contemplated
as being donated to them by the charter itself.
Now, why undertake to deprive this company
of abeneficial right or a contingent right? Why
withdraw from this company the pledge of the
Government i~ reference to these lands? We
are not compelled to extinguish the Indian title,
and when that title is extinguished it will be
by the consent of the Indians, and for a valu-
able consideration to be paid to them. There
is no doubt about this. It is as plain as a
pike-staff. Why should we undertake to alter
the charter and deprive the company ofa bene-
fit which they may ultimately derive 
Mr. CRAGdN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator, does not the bill contemplate that the
Government shall buy the lands of these
Indians and then give them to this company ?
Mr. HOWARD. Why, Mr. President, the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire can
solve that question as well as myself. I have
given him the exact language of the charter,
that the United States shall extinguish the
Indian title as rapidly as shall be consistent
with public policy and the welfare of the
Indians, but always with their consent. I
know there is to be a bargain made undoubt-
edly with the Indians, and the United States
have pledged themselves to aid this company
in making that bargain. Why withdraw that
pledge at this time? Why say to the com-
pany, "We, the United States, will have noth-
ing to do with this question in the Indian ter-
ritory?" Sir, I do not think it is fair, I do
not think it just to change a bargain which we
have solemnly entered into with this company,
especially after the company has proceeded
and laid out some eight or ten million dollars
in the construction of this road, and have now
nearly reached the western border of Missouri,
and are ready to enter the Indian territory as
soon as they can do so with safety.
Now, sir, if these Indian tribes are intend-
ing to resort to agricultural employments, and
to obtain their livelihood by the cultivation of
the soil, they need railroads within their ter-
ritory just as much as while men, for they will
find it necessary to transport upon them the pro-
ductions of their soil. In every sense, in every
view, if they are to become au agricultural peo-
ple, as is said of them, they are under just as
much necessity to have railroads there as if it
were settled by white men. At any rate, leave
the charter to stand as it is; leave the charter
to stand as we have fixed it. Do not with-
draw from this company a pledge, an agree-
ment which we have voluntarily and solemnly
entered into.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senate ought
to see the complications we are likely to get
into by this road. We had a great deal of diffi-
culty with a railroad in Kansas, which insisted
that Congress committed itself to that road when
we organized the company for building the
Union Pacific railroad. Senators will remem-
ber the Central Branch Pacific railroad, about
which we have had so much difficulty. The
Senator from New York [Mr. Conklixg] will
remember it. It was said that Congress had
bound itself to furnish a road with which it
could connect, and they pressed it upon us as
a contract. Senators, if you look at this bill
you will see we are about making a contract
that will come up against us in after times; and
what is that contract? Here is an Indian coun-
try settled by Indians who are partially civil-
ized. They own their lands in fee-simple.
They have got patents to their lands. Now,
what is it proposed to do? By the bill that
was passed in I860 it was provided that—
"TheUnited States shall extinguish, as rapidly as
may be consistent with public policy and thewelfare
of the Indians, and only by their voluntary cession,
the Indian title to all lands falling under the opera-
tion of this act, and acquired in the donation to the
road named in the act/'
Mr. MORTON. I will inquire if the act
provides for giving alternate sections to which
the title is to be extinguished?
Mr. TRUM33ULL. Yes, sir; the act then
provides for giving " ten alternate sections of
land per mile on each side of said railroad
whenever it passes through any State," and
then twenty sections, I believe, through the
Territories:
Every alternate section of public land, not min-
eral, designated by odd numbers, to the amount of
twenty alternate sections per mile, on each side of
said railroad line, as said company may adopt,
through the Territories ol' the United States.
Now, put the two clauses together. One is
that we grant them every alternate section for
twenty miles on each side of the road, and
then agree to extinguish the Indian title. Now,
the Indians have got a title to these lands. The
proposition is:
The United States shall extinguish, as rapidly as
may bo consistent with public policy and the welfare
of the Indians, and only by their voluntary cession,
the Indian title to all lands falling under the opera-
tion of this act, and acquired in the donation to the
road named in the act.
I'f now the Senator from Michigan and the
Senator from Nevada secure the passage of
the bill as it is, without the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa, it will be insisted that the
United States has bound itself by solemn con-
tract, and that the parties who put their money
into this enterprise have put it in on the faith
that the Government of the United States
would extinguish the Indian title to these lands,
and you will be called upon to do it; and if you
do not do it you will have to make compensa-
tion in some other way!
Mr. MORTON. And we are bound to pay
money enough to procure the consent of the
Indians.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Bound to pay enough
money to get the title the Indians have to the
land ; this company will claim it; and our only
protection is in the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa, before this company is
organized and goes on and insists that it has
performed its part of its contract. I trust the
Senate will understand the position in which
we are putting ourselves in if we refuse to
adopt this amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. If the objection of the
honorable Senator from Illinois had been raised
four years ago, when the original charter of the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad was before this
body, he would have been entitled at least to
most respectful attention. That was the time
to make the objection, when we were passing
the charter; but having passed the charter 
Mr. PATTERSON. I askif the charter has
not expired ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON. I so understand it.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand it so
at all. •
Mr. NYE. I have a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior that it is all right.
Mr. HOWARD. That was the time to raise
such an objection. The honorable Senator
from Illinois was a member of this body at
that time, and I presume voted for this same
act; but I may be mistaken in that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator for just one second, to say that the
Senator is even now insisting that we ought to
have made this objection in 1866. It is not
too late to make it, because the company have
forfeited their rights ; they have not availed
themselves of their rights, and they are now
coming here asking for relief, and our attention
being called to it, now is the time to make terms.
Mr. HOWARD. ThelionorableSenatorfrom
Illinois is entirely mistaken when he says that
this company have forfeited their rights. There
is not, 1 say most respectfully to him, any
ground whatever for that assertion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are applying for
relief.
Mr. HOWARD. They are applying for
relief, it is true; but because they apply for
certain relief, it does not follow that we may
justly and fairly take away from them any right
which we have given to them by their charter.
It does not follow that we have a moral right
to deprive them of any just expectations held
out to them by their ©barter. Now, sir, I pre-
fer to leave this whole thing as it stands at
present.
^ Mr- ?0WB- 1 want to ask the Senator
from Michigan one question, and I do not pro-
fess to have very decided views about it; but
his argument leads me to ask this question:
if they come here now and ask any additional
aid or additional legislation, have we not an
undoubted right to put that legislation upon
just such conditions as we please? We can
refuse the legislation or we can grant it, if we
see fit, on condition.
Mr. HOWARD. We may grant the relief
they ask for, undoubtedly, upon conditions to
be annexed by ourselves ; but let me ask the
honorable Senator, would it be just and fair in
Congress to annex to our grant of this claim
of relief such a condition as would materially
and essentially impair the value of the char-
tered rights which we have already given them ?
Is there not a possibility of carrying this thing
of conditions too far ?
Mr. HOWE. That is why I wanted to ask
the Senator the question. If he concedes that
these privileges were improvidently granted in
the first place 
Mr. HOWARD. I do not concede that.
Mr. HOWE. We can made their withdrawal
a condition to granting this additional aid.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
supposed I was arguing that the original charter
was unreasonable, that the provision which I
have read is not a just and fair one, he is entirely
mistaken. I voted for that grant of land and
for that provision, as I presume the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin did. What I object to
is the alteration, the essential and fundamental
alteration in the terms of the charter. You
may refuse to this company to grant them the
relief which they ask for. If the Senate are
not disposed to grant them the relief which
they ask for, let them say so and have an end
there; but if we conclude to grant the relief,
I say that it is unjust and unfair to the com-
pany to annex such a condition to this grant
of relief as will essentially impair the value of
the charter which we have already granted to
them. That is the point. Leave this whole
thing to stand as it is, and not undertake to
withdraw a pledge or an undertaking which
Congress has once voluntarily entered into,
very essential and important in its nature and
in its terms, simply because that company asks
for a trifling relief.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, these lands
were conveyed to the Indians by patent in fee-
simple, just the same kind of deed the Gov-
ernment gives to every settler for one hundred
and sixty acres of land. The Government
sustains the same relations to these Indians,
in regard to these lands, that it does to the
settlers in Kansas and Nebraska, to whom it
has patented eighty, one hundred and sixty,
or forty acres.
Now, suppose the Government authorizes a
railroad to be run through the State of Kansas
over lands that have been conveyed to settlers,
and gives alternate sections upon each side of
the road of lands that have been conveyed to
settlers, just as these lands have been conveyed
to the Indians, and binds itself to extinguish
the title of the settlers as soon as it can with
their consent, what would the country think
of such a transaction ? That is precisely this
transaction, except that in the one case the
patentees are red men, and in the other ease
the patentees are white men. The Govern-
ment has conveyed the land in fee-simple in
each case; but these being red men it runs a
railroad through their lauds, gives alternate
sections upon either side, and binds itself to
extinguish the title as soon as it can with their
consent. Now, what does it mean to get the
consent of the Indians? It means to invite
some of them here to make a treaty; and the
Government has never failed to get consent
when it tried to get consent.
