5318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Mr. President, running a railroad through
the Indian territory at all means to destroy
the Indian title, to break up the Indian settle-
ments. A railroad draws after it a t-rain of
population inevitably, a train of squatters ; not
simply the right of way but men that follow the
railroad; and that is the argument which is
made here every day when it ia proposed to
give lands to railroads, that the railroads carry
with them settlements; and so they do, and they
will cairy with them settlements in the Indian
territory just as they carry settlements every-
where else. Railroads are now the great
pioneers of settlement. Population follows in
their train. When the Government proposes
to run a railroad through the Indian country
it is equivalent to saying, "We will use the
means to drive the Indians out;" and the idea
of the Government actually donating for a
railroad alternate sections that it has abso-
lutely patented and granted away, and agree-
ing to extinguish the title as soon as it can
with the consent of the patentees, if you just
put white settlers in the place of these Indians
you wi 11 see how it would look. Put white men
owning one hundred and sixty acres, eighty
acres, in place of the Indians, and see how it
would look, bearing in mind that these Indians
have all the same title to the land that the white
settler has got to his one hundred and sixty
acres.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana will suspend. The morning hour
lias expired, and the naval appropriation bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I want to say one word, with
the consent of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The naval appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that bill will be
passed over informally. We shall come to a
vote presently on this.
Mr. DAVIS. I mean to debate the bill that
is before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal to the Senator
from Maine to let us come to a vote on this
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
the honorable Senator will appeal to me if this
is to lead lo debate. If a vote could be taken,
that would be another tiling; but the naval
appropriation bill is partly finished, and there
are other appropriation bills before the Sen-
ate that will occupy perhaps the rest of the
afternoon ; and in that condition of things I
hardly think the Senator at this time of the
session can expect me to yield for a discussion.
I have no objection to yield to allow a vote lo
be taken.
Mr. NYE. If there can bo an understand-
ing that we can get this bill up and have a vote
to-morrow morning, I will not object to it going
over now. ' °
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator,
perhaps, will have an opportunity this evening,
as I understand there is nothing specially as-
signed for the evening session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The conference
report on the Army bill is the special order for
this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. And other military bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; other mili-
tary bills were objected to. The conference
report is the special order for this evening.
Mr. COLE. I hope the unfinished business
of last nighi, may be taken up as the special
order for this evening. I have been asking
that of Senaiors, und j think they will accord
it. If tli e Sena'e will hear me five minutes, I
can convince them that it is of the utmost
importance that that bill should pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Australian
steamship bill was pending at the adjournment
last night, but by understanding it went back
to the Calendar. The Senator from Nevada
asks unanimous consent that the Atlantic and
Pacific railroad b;.l be taken up to-morrow at
half past, eleven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The naval appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. 1 ask consent of the Senate
to permit the Australian steamship bill to be
taken up to-night after the conference report
on the Army bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
unanimous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I must object
to all unanimous consents that are ruling every-
thing out. I have been trying day after day
to get up a bill in reference to the apportion-
ment.
Mr. COLE. I shall at that time ask the
Senate to take it up.
Mr. McCREERY. I move to postpone the
present and all other orders, and proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 1041.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the appropriation bill
be laid aside informally.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should be grat-
ified to oblige the Senator from Kentucky; but
I am advised by the Senator on my right [Mr.
Robertson] that that bill will lead to discus-
sion.
Mr. McCREERY. If it does, cannot that
discussion as well be met now as at any time
in the world? Many of these petitions have
been lying in the committee-room four months,
and now I ask the consideration of the bill
within one week'of the adjournment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We are now
within a week of the close of the session ; there
are three appropriation bills before the Senate
claiming its attention, which I hope we shall
be able to dispose of to day if I can have the
time of the Senate. Then there will be to-
morrow and next day for the transaction of
general business. It becomes absolutely ne-
cessary that the Committee on Appropriations
should have to-day, because afterward we are
to consider the bills which have already gone
to conference committees.
Now, I submit that if the Senate will allow
me to go on to-day and finish these three ap-
propriation bills the Senate will have Friday
and Saturday for the transaction of other busi-
ness, and therefore this course will facilitate
the business of the session; and unless the
Senate do that it is certainly inevitable that
the time for adjournment will have to be ex-
tended. 1 appeal, therefore, to my honorable
friend from Kentucky not to press his request.
Mr. McCREERY. 1 will make only one
statement and then submit to the liberality and
courtesy of the Senator from Maine. If the
time of the Senate is occupied in the discussion
of this measure, I myself will not be respons-
ible. Though I introduced the bill, 1 will
agree to confine myself to remarks embraced
within five minutes; and if now the Senator
from Maine extends this courtesy to me 1 shall
be obliged to him ; but he can do as he pleases.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not, like to
have my friend appeal to me in that way. If
it were a question personal to myself nothing
would afford me greater pleasure than to yield
to my honorable friend. But I am appealed
to on all sides to do the same thing, and if I
do it in one case I must give way in all, and I
yield the opportunity of passing these three
bills before the time for the adjournment ar-
rives, and I know my honorable friend will
hardly wish to put me in that position. And
when I say that if I can have the indulgence
of the Senate to consider these bills to day I
shall be out of the way for two days, it strikes
me that Senators ought lo give me the day.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make a single
suggestion. Has not the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who has never asked any time of the
Senate, a right to a little time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Undoubtedly.
Therefore I am more solicitous, and I tried to
get a chance for the honorable Senator in the
morning hour.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not think his bill will
lead to any discussion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But my honor-
able friend on the right [Mr. Robertson] says
it will lead to discussion.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not think he will
discuss it.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. McCREERY; Unless the Senator from
Maine is willing to allow me to go on with the |
bill under the proposition that I shall occupy
only five minutes on my own bill I will with-
draw the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If there is
unanimous consent of the Senate I will not
interpose in the Senator's way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection to unanimous consent, and
that was the reason, probably, why the Sen-
ator from Kentucky made the motion to post-
pone, which can be carried by a majority.
The Chair will, however, ask if there is objec-
tion to the Senator from Kentucky calling up
now his bill on the condition he has stated,
that he will occupy but five minutes himself.
Is there objection V
Mr. DRAKE. I object?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion to postpone.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
my honorable friend will take his chances
to-morrow.
Mr. McCREERY. Very well; I withdraw
the motion.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 1040) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to establish a police court for the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,"
approved June 17, 1870.
An act (S. No. 790) for the relief of John
Tyler;
An act (S. No. 297) to constitute Omaha,
in the State of Nebraska, a port of delivery ;
An act (S. No. 947) for the improvement of
water communication between the Mississippi
river and Lake Michigan, by the Wisconsin and
Fox rivers;
An act (S. No. 704) for the relief of Alex-
ander C. Twining;
An act (S. No. 713) for the relief of pre-
emption settlers in the State of Nebraska ;
An act (S. No. 893) to establish an addi-
tional land district in the State of Kansas ; and
An act (S. No. 789) to authorize the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
and close the account of Hinton Rowan Helper.
fremont, ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the naval
appropriation bill is proceeded with the Chair
will lay before the Senate two House bills, on
his table.
The bill (H. R. No. 1545) relinquishing
whatever title may remain in the United States
to a ccrtain parcel of ground in Fr6mont,
Ohio, to the corporation of Fr6mont, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. That gives only the right
the United States have. I ask that it be con-
sidered at this time.
I he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
port of delivery.
1 he bill (H. 11. No. 2353) to create a port
of delivery at Duluth, Minnesota, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Chair will retain
that for a short time until some further examin-
ation can be had.
Mr. CORBET F. It is reported favorably by
tae Committee on Commerce.
