1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
actually less in 1868 than in 1845, though the
wealth of the kingdom had doubled." And
here is the answer to what the Senator says
about the requirements of our own expanded
growth in territory and population. If we
admit, as we may, that what is applicable to
the compact domain and dense population of
GreatBritain, isnotstrictly true of our extended
area and sparse settlements, yet the same gen-
eral principles cover both. The law of money
is the same everywhere. Its operations may
be affected by incidental circumstances, but its
essence is the same. Bat let me take the Sen-
ator'sown reasoning. He estimates the amount
of currency before the war at $450,000,000,
which estimate, although I must regard it as
exaggerated, I accept for the sake of the argu-
ment. He then Bays our area has increased a
fifth, and our population by nine millions.
Well, if the first De made the test it would
require a volume of only $540,000,000, and if
the second, it would not require more than
$600,000,000. And yet in point of fact we
have $700,000,000, and the Senator proposes
to add to it thte whole amount of gold neces-
sary to maintain redemption, thus giving us a
volume of nine hundred or a thousand million
dollars, or double his own estimate of what
existed ten years ago.
The fallacy of these arguments is, that they
make no account of the value of the currency.
They treat it as something which is needed to
the full extent to which it can be absorbed by
the country, when in fact it can be absorbed
to almost any extent, if its value- be disre-
garded. They ignore the vital and fundamen-
tal consideration that currency is a standard
of value and a medium of exchange, not a
thing of original and intrinsic worth, desira-
ble for itself, and that as its volume increases
its value diminishes. They fail to consider
that the true test is not the apparent scarcity
or absorption of money, but its relation to the
one fixed standard. They especially ignore
the principle that our currency must be in har-
mony with that of the world, as it would be
adjusted under the natural laws of distribu-
tion, before we can return to the common
standard of the world. The principle under-
lying this question has been stated by one of
the most distinguished political economists in
the following clear and compact form :
" When a country issne3 inconvertible paper notes
they cannot be exported to other countries in the
event of their becoming redundant at home; and
whenever, under such circumstances, the exchange
with foreign States is depressed below, or the prico
of bnllion rises above its mint price more than the
costof sending coin or bnllion abroad, it shows con-
clusively that too much paper has been issued, and
that its value is depreciated from excess."
Now, while I have not the highest hope that
we can readjust the debt upon the most favor-
able terms until we have reached a sound
monetary condition, I can support the main
features of this bill. It is well to place the
authority in the hands of the Secretory. He
should have power to avail himself, in behalf
of the nation, of any favoring opportunity
which may present itself, though the present
bill may be improved, I think, in the manner
I have indicated. The success of the plan is
desirable not only for the reduction of interest
which it would involve, but because it would
pnt an end to the clamor which threatens to
violate the public faith, and which tends to
impair the public credit.
Mr. President, perhaps I onght to ask pardon
of Senators for occupying so much valuable
time in this discussion on the 25th of January,
and again to day. But I see the country agi-
tated by this financial controversy. I see it
drifting along without adequate effort, as it has
8f emed to me, to secure safe anchorage or a
protecting harbor. I see it left almost to take
its own course, not so much because men differ
regarding the specific measures proposed, as
because they differ regarding the general prin-
ciples involved. We must, first of all, study-
the true chart and settle the general direction. I
With this view, 1 have dwelt rather upou prin- I
ciples than upon measures. Glancing at what I
have said, I repeat that the rescue of the nation
from the evils of our vast, depreciated, and in-
convertible currency, and its restoration to the
specie basis, are urgently required by every
vital and wholesome interest; that the determ-
ination of the exact amount of currency de-
manded by the wants of the country is an indefi-
nite and comparatively unimportant problem—
inflation, on the one hand, causing such a
rise of prices that there would soon be the
same stringency as before; contraction, on the
other hand, causing such a decline of prices
that the smaller volume would entirely suffice ;
i that the volume will adjust itself when we
adopt correct principles and start upon the
right path; that the true situation is when
i specie payments may be resumed and main-
] tained ; and finally, that this condition is im-
! possible upon our present expanded currency.
I have also endeavored to maintain that while
the scrupulous observance of the public faith
is clearly enjoined upon us, a successful fund-
ing scheme, with new guarantees asserted,
would tend to this result; and lastly, that the
reduction of taxation is highly important to
the relief of the country during this period of
shrinking values, crippled industry, and inert
trade, and that this is not inconsistent with
adequate present revenue and payment of the
national debt in the course of fifty years. Such,
it seems to me, are the principles essential in
the steps we take toward a sound and healthy
financial life.
senators from mississippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
bull in the chair.) The order of the day having
been temporarily suspended, the Senate will
now resume the consideration of the resolution
offered by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stockton,] to refer to the Committee on the
Judiciary the credentials of Mr. Revels, Sen-
ator-elect from the State of Mississippi, upon
which the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
bury] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY addressed the Senate.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix. ]
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Before the Senator proceeds,
will he allow me to enter a motion? I desire
to enter a motion to reconsider the vote con-
curring in the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 436) to re-
lieve certain persons therein named from the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) That motion will be
entered.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
act upon that now. We had better reconsider
it at this time and dispose of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us act upon it.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks unanimous con-
sent to consider at this time the motion to re-
consider the vote on concurring in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill removing disabilities. Is there objection ?
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know upon
what grounds this motion rests.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
motion ?
Mr. FOWLER. I object unless some explan-
ation is given.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will go over until to-morrow.
senators f rom mississippi.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the motion of Mr. Stockton, to refer to the
Committee on the Judiciary the credentials of
H. It. Revels, Senator-elect from the State of
Mississippi.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I feel anx-
ious that the discussion which is now going on
should be brought to a speedy close, because
I am aware there are various bills of great im-
fortance upon which we ought to act speedily.
look upon this discussion respecting the ad-
mission of Mr. Revels as little better than a
waste of time; and I really hope, therefore, that
in consideration of the great interests of the
country about which we ought to legislate soon
the Senate will see fit to bring this matter to a
close this afternoon.
What, sir, is the case before us in its simple
facts ? Under the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress the people of the State of Mississippi have
reorganized their government, and under the
same acts they have proceeded so far as to elect
a Senator to take his seat in this body to repre-
sent in part that State. He happens,to be a
colored man, not having his skin exactly like
our own, and carrying with him the indelible
mark of African descent. Shall we admit him
to a seat here, or shall we reject him ? is the
plain and simple question. The proof of his
election before the Senate is, in my judgment,
clear and conclusive. First, we have the cer-
tificate of the provisional governor of the State
of Mississippi, countersigned by the secretary
of State, setting forth that on a particular day
he waa duly elected a Senator for the State of
Mississippi to the Senate of the United States.
In addition to this we have an official certiG cate
from the secretary of the senate of that State,
signed by him, stating that Mr. Revels was
duly elected. We have also a similar certificate
from the clerk of the house of representatives
of that State, stating the same thing in sub-
stance. The proof of his election by the State
j of Mississippi is clear, sufficient, and conclu-
sive. Even the formal certificate of the pro-
visional governor, aceordingtomy construction
. of the act of 1866, is of itself conclusive evidence
of the election of Mr. Revels. That act pro-
vides—
"That it shall be the duty of the Governor of the
State from which any Senator shall have been chosen
as aforesaid to certify his election under the seal of
the State"—
The seal of the State is affixed to the certifi-
cate of election now before us—
"to the President of the Senate of the United States,
which certificate shall be countersigned by the sec-
retary of State of the State."
This is complied with. If there be any doubt
about it all Senators have to do is to ask that
the document may be read by the Secretary of
the Senate. It is a complete compliance with
the requirements of this third section of the
act of 1866 ; it is under the seal of the State,
it is signed by the provisional governor of the
State, and couutersigned by the State secretary
of State.
The honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbury] makes an assertion that General
Ames, who signs himself provisional governor
of Mississippi, is no such provisional governor.
I understood him to state that, as a matter of
fact, General Ames was not the provisional
governor of that State.
Mr, SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to state what I said ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I said that in view of
the facts disclosed I had the right to assume
it to be a fact that he was not, because he bad
offered as military commander in the month
of January to appoint Governor Alcorn pro-
visional governor, and had issued an order to
that effect, which appointment was declined by
Governor Alcorn, and because I had called for
the testimony of the President of the United
States this morning upon that subject, by offer-
ing a resolution of inquiry, the consideration
of which was denied me, and because I had
seen no evidence of his appointment, I there-
fore had a right to assume, in the absence of
any evidence except his own signature that he
was provisional governor, that he was not.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Delaware will pardon me for saying that
he has no right to make any such assumption
or to act upon it. The presumption of law is
