4374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
expended. It is simply a question whether we
shall appropriate the whole amount this year.
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is out
of order.
Mr. CONGER. Next year, or the ye&r after,
we must appropriate enough to complete the
canal, but I think we have appropriated enough
for this year.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 49, noes 70.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improvement of Connecticut river, Connec-
ticut, $20,000.
Mr. SAWYER. On behalf of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, I move to amend this para-
graph so that it will read, "for improvement
of Connecticut river, $40,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. I move to substitute for the
paragraph, as amended, the following :
For improvement of Connecticut river, to be ex-
pended in equal proportions in Connecticut, Massa-
chusetts, and New Hampshire, $15,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that will not be
adopted. The committee recommend the ap-
propriation of $40,000, and leave it to be
expended where it may be most needed.
Mr. BENTON. Thecommitteefirst reported
an appropriation of $20,000, to be expended
in improving the Connecticut river in Con-
necticut. Now.my friend Dawes wants some
appropriation made for that portion of the Con-
necticut river which is in his district; and that
is all right, I*have no drtubt. But let me tell the
gentleman that the improvement of that por-
tion of the Connecticut river which runs through
New Hampshire 
A Member. And Vermont.
Mr. BENTON. No; the Connecticut river
does not run through Vermont; for the west-
ern bank of the Connecticut river is the western
boundary of New Hampshire. The improve-
ment of that portion is altogether more import-
ant than of any other portion of it. Steamers
have run up the Connecticut river above where
I live, which is opposite the White mountains.
A large amount of lumber is transported
down the Connecticut river, especially in the
spring of the year, from New Hampshire.
Three fourths of all the lumber that passes
through Massachusetts comes from New Hamp-
shire ; and if any appropriation is necessary
for removing obstructions anywhere in the Con-
• necticut river for commercial purposes it is in
that portion of the river which is in the State
of New Hampshire. Less than a hundred miles
of the Connecticut river is in the State of Con-
necticut, and less than a hundred in the State
of Massachusetts, while it runs three or four
times as far in the State of New Hampshire,
where it is used almost exclusively for lumber-
ing purposes.
Mr. BECK. I move to strike out the para-
graph, for the purpose of saying that here is a
river that, so far as appears from the book of
estimates, the Department have not asked a
dollar for, unless I have overlooked it, and I
think I have not.
Mr. KELLOGG. The gentleman must have
overlooked it, for the Department recommends
an appropriation of §65,000 for two years.
Mr. BECK. I have here estimates for the
improvement of rivers from the State of Maine
around to Wisconsin, and I see nothing iu the
book about improving the Connecticut river.
Mr. WILLARD. An elaborate survey of the
river was made two years ago, and estimates
made for $85,000.
Mr. BECK. Here is a riverrunning through
two or three States, and the Committee on
Commerce lias reported an amendment doub-
ling the amount which tho Committee on Ap-
piopriations recommended should be appro-
priated ; and yet the river does not appear in
the book of estimates at all. Now, if that is
done, when the request of the Department in
regard to the Louisville canal is ignored by this
House, then I would like to understand the
reason for it. It must be because this House
cannot be.got to do anything in relation to the
commerce of the West. We are taxed at every
turn to bring our products to the sea-board,
and obstacles are thrown in the way and kept
in the way of our commerce, while the New
England coast and the Atlantic coast get mil-
lions of dollars every year, much of which is
as good as thrown away. Pour million dollars
are given to New York city for a post office ;
$3,000,000 for another post office at Boston.
Millions upon millions can be appropriated
and expended upon the Atlantic sea-board,
while the commerce of the Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers is double the amount of all the
commerce along your sea-coast put together.
And yet enough cannot be given to make a
canal between the upper and the lower Ohio.
Recollect that this matter does not affect par-
ticularly my district. Louisville could get along
if the river should sink above the falls and rise
below it, so as to force transportation by wagons
round that impediment, as is substantially the
case at present. But this Congress refuses to
do anything forthe commerce of sixteen States,
whose population constitutes more than hall'
the people of this Union, and pays more than
half the taxes of the country, States on whose
waters more than half the internal commerce
of the country is borne. Yet, without a recom-
mendation from any Department, so far as the
estimates show, it is proposed to double the
appropriation for such a river as the Connecti-
cut, the navigation of which interests only a
small locality. This whole bill is made up of
scraps of appropriations along little rivers and
harbors, twenty or thirty of these not being in
the book of estimates at all. Wo mightaswell
make an appropriation to improve the Ken-
tucky river in my State ; and if I had beeu in
the majority I would probably have proposed
that, and no doubt should have obtained it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I wish to call the
attention ofthe gentleman from Kentucky to the
fact that on page 55 an estimate is made for an
appropriation of $70,000 for the Connecticut
river.
Mr. BECK. Is tliatin the book of estimates ?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It is in the report,
of the engineers.
Mr. BECK. The reports of the engineers
will show recommendations to the amount of
$500,000,000; but in the book of estimates the
Departments have revised what the engineers
have proposed, and have cut down the amount
more than one half. In the book of estimates,
which is all the committee had the right to con-
sider, the Connecticut river is not named. The
Departments themselves have ignored what the
engineer officers have asked in that regard.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, in consider-
ing this bill I have endeavored to keep myself
aloof, as far as possible, from the influence of
any sectional feeling. The bill was not pre-
pared by the Committee on Appropriations,
of which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] and myself are members : but it was
framed by the Committee on Commerce, and
afterward referred to our committee. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky and myself agreed in
recommending that it pass; but if it should be
considered that I represent in any degree this
Connecticut river, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will do mo the justice to say that the
criticism which I made upon this bill when it
was before the committee was just this: that it
would be better to concentrate the $3,500,000
upon the improvement of the great channels
between the West and the East, where such an
expenditure would tell in facilitating commer-
cial intercourse, and in strengthening the water
communication as a competitor with railroad
communication. That is the object which I
would desire to accomplish; and in that spirit
the Committee on Appropriations have been
at work cutting down other expenditures, in
order that there may be more money to ap-
propriate for the improvement of these great
channels and harbors of the nation, so that the
pu blic impro vem ents of the country may develop
its resources and opeu its communications.
But the Committee on Appropriations found,
as the Committee on Commerce had fouad,
that such is the constitution of this House,
and such is the very nature of things, that if
we had undertaken to frame a bill ourselves
we could not have done much, if at all, better
in this regard than the Committee on Com-
merce have done.- Hence I give my support
to the bill as reported by the Committee on
Commerce, though, with the gentleman from
Kentucky, I should be glad to see more of
this money concentrated upon gome three or
four of the great channels of communication
between the West and the East, and upon some
of our principal southern rivers.
Mr. BEjCK. I desire to say to the House
that the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations advocated in committee just what he
advocates now; and I never heard him open
his mouth in favor of the Connecticut river.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky knows thatl am just as strongly in favor
of an appropriation of $450,000 lor the Louis-
ville and Portland canal as he is. That amount
needs to be expended there, and the work
should not be delayed. Every hour's delay
tends to increase in large proportion the amount
of money that will be required to be appro-
priated hereafter. The question is simply
whether for this entire work we are willing to
appropriate more than two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars. If I were satisfied that
$450,000 could be expended on this workbefore
the next appropriation shall go into effect, I
would vote for it.
As to the Connecticut river, although ithap-
pens to run through my district, 1 ask nothing
specially for it from this House. But, sir, there
is a sand-bar across the mouth of that river,
and it will take $20,000 to clear it out. Then,
between Hartford and Holyoke there is an
effort to revive a commerce which existed
twenty years agoto a very considerable amount.
The objectof expending $30,000between Hart-
ford and Holyoke is to restore the river to
what it was twenty years ago. It has been
permitted to run down on account of the rail-
roads alongside of it. These railroads have
combined together and run their charges up
to an enormous rate, which is just what our
friends of the West complain of in reference
to the railroads from the West to the East.
They have so combined as to put up the charge
which the Government pays every year for car-
rying its freight to the Springfield armory to
more than twenty thousand dollars. It was
thought best by the Committee on Commerce,
when suggested to them, to attempt to clear out
the channel of this river, and so bring the rail-
roads to terms. If the House does not think
that is for the best., I have no terms of com-
plaint to make. I do not ask anything ou the
ground of distribution to my district, I do not
propose, in saying what I have in regard to the
great improvements in the western country, to
induce any man in the House to vote for this
little appropriation ot' $20,000 for the improve-
ment of the Connecticut river. My friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Becic] knows in what spirit I
have acted in this matter. I have labored to cut
off what seemed to me unnecessary appropria-
tions, with the avowal on my part that I would
put. every dollar in these improvements. I will
now leave to the decision of the House this mat-
ter of the improvement of rivers and harbors.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. I move to add at the end
of line one hundred and thirty-seven the words
" to be expended in equal proportions in Massa-
chusetts, New Hampshire, and Connecticut."
I wish to say a few words ou my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. Benton's amendment to the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. BECK, By unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
