1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2467
according to the original understanding when
it was first passed, was to end now.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the present
proposition, as I understand it, covers about
nine million dollars of revenue, speaking of
last year. It does not touch at all that species
of taxation commonly and properly known as
the income tax. Did it cover that tax, like the
Senator from Massachusetts I should feel in-
clined to submit to the Senate some observa-
tions. Did it cover that tax and I were in favor
of reestablishing the income tax, I would never
consent to it by a resolution or a bill ushered
in upon the pretense that legislation is neces-
sary to clear up any possible doubt touching the
construction of the present statute.
I have heard during the session the sugges-
tion made that a declaratory act was necessary,
an act to declare in still more unmistakable
terms if possible, whether in truth the income
tax does or does not pass the bound of 1870.
It would greatly surprise me if the capacity or
ingenuity of any member of this body should
rise so high as to achieve more unmistakable
legislative language than that flinch puts an
end to the income tax with the year 1869 when
speaking of the year in which it was to accrue,
and with the year 1870 when specifying the two
spring days when the levy of the tax is to
accrue. I say, therefore, that were I in favor of
reestablishing the income tax, I would never
consent doit upon pretense that a declaratory
act was necessary to make clear that which is
already clear beyond all question.
But, Mr. President, were the question of an
income tax in any form now before the Sen-
ate, or should it hereafter be drawn in ques-
tion, I should wish to submit to the Senate
some observations tending, I think, to prove
that as we are able to dismiss and are about to
dismiss some of the taxes under which the
people have suffered, it would be well to com-
mence with the dismissal of that $25,000,000
drawn from a tax which I think a British
statesman truiy said was well calculated to
produce a nation of liars, that tax which oper-
ates so injuriously upon the conscience of the
country, and which, although equitable in the-
ory, is grievous and demoralizing in practice.
It was a thing, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts suggests, brought in by the war, submitted
to substantially upon the theory that necessity
knew no law within the bounds of legitimate
power. The statute declares not only that it
shall continue until 1870, but that it shall con-
tinue " no longer;" and when it is proposed
to revivify it, to set it again upon its feet, I
repeat that I too should like to interpose some
objections.
This provision applies simply to salaries and
dividends and interest earned by corporations;
and I am disposed for one to waive altogether
the question, upon which much might cogently
be said, whether there was really any law even
in this regard under which, in 1870, the Gov-
ernment could thus proceed. Suffice it to
say, that the Government has proceeded, and
in large part these taxes upon dividends, sala-
ries, and corporation interest have already been
gathered. I am willing, in the hope that this
may bo a finality of the whole question known
as the income lax, to waive the question, which
1 repeat might be made with some success, and
enact that this collection begun and continued
shall end under authority of law, terminating,
however, with the present year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not intend to say
one word in regard to the income tax, nor do
i now; but I give notice to the honorable Sen-
ators that when that question is before the
Senate I ehall be prepared to maintain the
position that the income tax, in theory at least,
is the most just aud fair in the whole list of
taMr." CONKLING. That the Senator can
maintain in theory, no doubt.
Mr. SHERMAN. And that in practice it
is the only t-ix upon the property of the people
of the United States, that it is a tax which
ought to be maintained. The tax on income is
the only tax that distinguishes between John
Jacob Astor aud the humblest citizen in the
community. We tax everything a man con-
sumes, but we do not tax any kind of fixed
property by the United States, and if you re-
peal the income tax the whole of the taxes of
the United States will be levied on consump-
tion and not on property.
I think myselt, with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that we shall be able to throw off a
very large amount of taxes. I do not want to
go into that subject, although £ am entirely
prepared to do so, and I probably in due time
shall propose the repeal of a great number of
taxes. But when we are going to choose be-
tween the taxes to be repealed, I would a great
deal rather repeal the tax on sales, the tax on
licenses, and a multitude of small taxes that
produce a comparatively small amount of rev-
enue, and at least retain one tax upon the
property of the people of the United States.
I do not now propose to enter into that discus-
sion, though it is a tempting field. I expect
probably to have to enter upon it before the
session closes. But now we have amended
this proposition, reduced it simply to meet an
exigency which rests upon the Treasury De-
partment. i have an official letter here, writ-
ten this morning by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, in regard to the difficulties
experienced in the collection of the dividend
tax; and it is palpably necessary to have that
mailer disposed of one way or the other. I
have modified the bill, postponing the whole
question of the income tax until a future occa-
sion : and 1 hope no Senator will make up his
mind because now the subject is passed away
from us for the lime being or postponed for
future action that there are not cogent argu-
ments, controlling reasons why the income tax
should be retained, at least for a time, until we
can repeal the most of our internal taxes. 1
have modified, I will say to the Senator from
New York, the amendment at the suggestion
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue so
as to include by words the interest paid by
corporations. I think that was included before,
substantially, but to avoid controversy I have
put it in in words.
Mr. CONKL1N G. I beg to say to ray hon-
orable friend from Ohio one word of caution
touching his promised argument. He cov-
enants with us to show hereafter not only that
the income tax is equitable in theory, but that
in practice it is the only tax laid upon property.
I venture to caution him not to make an argu-
ment to show that the income tax is a tax and
the only one laid upon property, because the
same argument which proves that will prove
too clearly the unconstitutionality of sucli a
tax. An argument, I say, which proves that
a tax upon the rents, issues, and profits of land
is a tax upon the land itself, a tax on property,
will be an ingenious argument if it pilots its
way successfully around that provision of the
Constitution which declares that such a tax
shall be laid equally and not with every degree
of disparity, as the income tax is.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I had
occasion to oppose earnestly the House joint
resolution in the shape in which it was first
introduced here by the Senator irom Ohio
|'Mr. Sherman] as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, in that shape it undertook,
under the guise of a declaratory resolution, to
reenact the income tax for an other year. As
now brought forward by the same Senator it
continues the tax only on the salaries and pay
of officers in the service of the United States.
To that extent, it is less obnoxious. I should
probably have said nothing now but^ for the
defense of the income tax attempted by the
Senator and his eulogies upon it. I am sure
that Senator can hardly be aware that in so
speaking he is speaking in the face and eyes of
the combined, unanimous, and universal judg-
ment of all the standard writers and leading
statesmen who have had occasion for years to
express an opinion on that subject.
Mr, SHERMAN. I beg leave to say to my
honorable friend that I think I have read all
that has been written about the income tax by
English authors, by whom it has.been mainly,
discussed, and I can show him a great many
authorities by the latest writers in favor of it,
and it is now and has been for many years a
settled part of the financial policy of Great
Britain to lay an income tax.
Mr. CASSERLY. Tlie Senator can show
me one class of statements by his authorities;
but 1 challenge him to show me any other.
The statements are that such a tax is necessary
in time of war, that it may be necessary even
in times of peace as. a reserve to be brought
into play only in great emergencies. But, sir,
there is not a writer upon political economy
whose books are in repute to-day who does
not t.ell you, as the Senator from New York
briefly said, that though just in theory, though
fair in its appearance, an income tax is in prac-
tice essentially unjust and iniquitous. And
when I say writers on political economy I rely
on such authorities as Mr. McCulloch, Mr.
StuartMill, Mr. 'Choroid Rogers the biographer,
and friend of Mr. Bright. From England we
have taken the policy of this tax. Sir Robert
Peel, who was, 1" believe, in our day the father
of the income tax in that country, when he
brought it forward at first, and he continued it
afterward, did it as a state necessity, did it
with apologies, never pretending that it was in
any respect a just or wholesome tax. The
same thing is true of Mr. Gladstone in all his
speeches, early or late, so far as I havo seen
them. I have hero his speech made in 1865,
though I will not trouble the Senate by read-
ing it.
'flic French writer, Dupuynode, has summed
up the judgment of science and statesmanship
against an income tax when he says it is " a
detestable tribute in which every principle of
sound government is violated and every rule
of taxation is set at naught." Was I correct,
sir, in saying that the chairman of the Finance
Committee in presenting his views here placed
himself in opposition to the combined judg-
ment and opinion of all the men whose judg-
ment and opinion are most decisive on this
subject?
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me to
say here that Mr. Mill, whom he quoted, and Mr.
Gladstone, and Mr. Peel have each maintained,
defended, aud voted for an income tax in times
of peace in Great Britain ? I am prepared to
show it. They have apologized for it, and said
the tax was not a very equal tax, it is true, and
no tax is; but they voted fsr it.
Mr. CONKLING. "Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to read one of the latest utter-
ances of Mr. Gladstone on the subject ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be very glad to
hear it in a moment, if the Senator from New
York will allow me first to dispose of the last
remark of the Senator from Ohio. No state-
ment can be produced from Mr. Mill or any
other English writer, nor any speech from Peel
or Gladstone which defends the practical oper-
ation of the income tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. They vote for it notwith-
standing. r
Mr. CASSERLY. They vote for it, as I
said, almost with tears in their eyes because
of the hard necessity which compels them,
j When, ill 1805, Mr. Gladstoneproposed to con-
tinue the income tax, reducing it from six-
pence to fourpenec in the pound, less than
two per cent., he put it upon the distinct
ground that circumstances had arisen which
. had entailed upon the country an unlooked tor
!| expense of £12,000,000sterling. Now. 1 will
yield to tiie Senator from iNew xork.
Mr. CONKLING. On a comparatively
recent occasion Lord Russell said 'he had
always been of opinion that irregularity, vexa-
