1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont what magic he thinks
there is in the prescription of this oath that will
make those men, who are believed apparently
by many Senators upon this floor to be capable
of any evil act, pure enough to avoid taking
this oath falsely ? If this provision is to affect
some half dozen or dozen men in that Legis-
lature who are of the character ascribed to
them, is it not altogether within the bounds of
probability that they will take the oath, what-
ever it may be ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
think it is. Most men have a little dislike to
swearing to a falsehood that is easily proved to
be a falsehood; but when a man is leftto judge
for himself, when he swears toafalsehood you
cannot so readily prove it, and he is much more
likely to be tempted into a falsehood in such a
case than he is in the other. Therefore, when
a man is called upon to respond to an indict-
mentfor perjury, for instance, the maintenance
of which depends upon the question of whether
he voluntarily did a thing, and he swears that
he did not, it is almost impossible to prove that
he did; so that there is some considerable
security in requiring these persons to say that
they have never held an office in point of fact
and afterward engaged iti rebellion, because
that is a thing which can be proved by other
witnesses than themselves; but when you are
obliged to appeal to the man himself, and ask
him whether he has voluntarily done that act
which you can prove by other citizens, you
have no means of restraining him at all. That
is the difference.
Mr. DRAKE. I would state that in my
opinion if this question were to como before
any court in this country the word "engaged,"
used in the act that the Senator from Vermont
has now referred to, would bo considered as
implying a voluntary engagement in rebellion,
and that it would not be held to include tho
case of a man who was compelled to tako part
in tho rebellion ; and therefore I do not think
that the law which he has quoted is at all oil
the same footing with the language of tho sec-
tion now before us.
Mr. HOWARD. The motion is to concur
in tho amendments adopted by the Senate in
Committee of tho Whole. 1 wish to make a
motion at this stage to amend tho bill. It reads
now: "nor held any office in the military or
naval service of tho United States and there-
after engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or gave aid or com-
fort to its enemies, or rendered voluntary or
involuntary support or aid," &c. If it bo in
order, I move to strike out the words "vol-
untary or involuntary " and to insert in their
place " except in consequence of direct force,"
and to insert the word "any" before "sup-
port," in line twenty, so that it. will read, "or
gave aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered,
except in consequence of direct force, any sup-
port or aid." That will exclude from a seat
in the Legislature of Georgia all rebels except
such as were forced into tho service in conse-
quence of direct force.
Mr. CONKLING. What does that mean,
if the honorable Senator will explain ? Sup-
pose a man says he went in, being compelled
by public sentiment to go, that he would have
been mobbed if he had not done so ?
Mr. HOWARD. That is not direct force.
Mr. CONKLING. What would be ?
Mr. HOWARD. Physical force.
Sir. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
to say "direct physical force."
Mr. HOWARD. Well, I will say "direct
physical force."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Michigan that these
five amendments were taken together in Com-
mittee of the Whole. If the Senator desires
to amend any one of them he can ask for a
separate vote upon it and then move to amend
that amendment as he proposes. One of the
amendments adopted in Committee of the
Whole was to strike out the words " or in-
voluntary," in the nineteenth line. The Sena-
tor can demand a separate vote on that amend-
ment, and then move his amendment to that
amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. Isupposeifitweregenerally
understood that the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan would take the placc of those
that have been made in committee, we might
then refuse to concur in the amendments made
in committee and adopt that of the Senator
from Michigan.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be for
the Senate to determine.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Secretary report
the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan indicated a desire to offer an
amendment, and the Chair indicated in what
way it would be parliamentary, by excepting
one of the amendments made in Committee
of the Whole, and moving to amend that
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I move to amend
the amendment in the nineteenth line in the
way I have suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan does that, and therefore that
is the pending question. This is one of the
five amendments, and ho moves to amend that
amendment. The other four will bo reserved
until after the vote is taken on this one.
Mr. HOWARD. The words "or involun-
tary" in the nineteenth lino being embraced
in the amendment made in Committee of the
Whole, I move to amend further by striking
out tho word "voluntary" in that line and
inserting after the word "rendered" the words
"except in consequence of direct physical
force," and also to insert the word "any"
before the word "support" in the twentieth
line.
_ Tho VICE PRESiDKNT. Senators on the
right of tho Chair desire that the amendment
should be reported. Tho Secretary will now
report tho proposed amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, and tho amendment made
in Committee of the Whole to this line.
The SiitiRKTAitY. It is proposed to strike
out tho word "voluntary," the words " or
involuntary" having already been stricken out
in Committee of tho Whole, and insert "except
in consequence of direct physical force," and
to insert the word "any" beford the word
"support;" so that the clause will read:
Or kiivo aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered,
except m consequence of direct physical force, any
support or aid to any insurrection or rebellion, &e.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on tho amendment to tho amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I think tho amendment
which has been offered by the Senator from
Michigau would compass very nearly, if not
quite, tho same object which I had in view in
offering tho original amendment. The collec-
tion of taxes would certainly come into the
case, as would going into tho rebel armies on
compulsion. I therefore am quite willing to
vote for this amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to make one sug-
gestion. 1 think that the honorable Senator
from Michigan has moved to put in these words
perhaps not in the right placc to accomplish
all that ho designs. I call his attention and the
attention of the Senate to the structure of the
sentence, and then he will see whether my view
is correct or not: "or gave aid or comfort to
its enemies." Would not the Senator wish
that his amendment should apply to the act of
giving aid or comfort to its enemies as well as
lo the act of rendering support or aid? '• Or
given any support to any government of any
kind organized," &c. Would not the Senator !
wish his words to cover all these specifications i
of acts? I
Mr. HOWARD. I should be content to j
have tho restriction apply to the giving support j
or aid to the insurrection or rebellion. I
Mr. CONKLING. It means the whole thing
because it is in the disjunctive, if he has done
either of these things.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it is in the right
place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan insists on the amendment to the
amendment as indicated by him.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. If I understand the amend-
I ment, it is to substitute the words "except
: under direct physical force." Will the Secre-
! tary please read the exact words?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again report the words to be inserted,
j The Secretary. In line nineteen, after the
| word "rendered," it is proposed to strike out
i the word "voluntary" and to insert "except
1 in consequence of direct physical force," and
i before the word "support," in the twentieth
I line, to insert the word "any."
I Mr. CASSERLY. How will the clause read
i then?
The Secretary. If amended as proposed
| the clause will read:
1 Or gave aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered,
except in consequence of direct military force, any
support or aid to any insurrection or rebellion, &c.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think, with due respect
to the honorable Senator who offered that
amendment, that it is objectionable on two
grounds. The first is, that it employs unusual
words, whereas tho words that have been insert-
ed, if they stand, are words well known to the
law. There is always danger in employing un-
usual words in a statute of this kind. It leaves
a wide door open to construction and contro -
versy. In the next place, the words do not
suit the purpose of my amendment as adopted.
The purpose of the amendment, as adopted,
was that in no case should a man be held guilty
of crime where the act was not entirely volun-
tary on his part. The phrase " direct physical
force" goes hut a small way toward becoming an
equivalent for the word "involuntary." When
a man pays a tax he does not pay it in conse-
quence of direct physical force; he pays it
under the general pressure, the moral pressure
of government. What becomes of this and
other cases of moral coercion which may be
suggested? If a man pays a judgment before
execution levied on his goods he pays not under
direct physical force, but still it is not a volun-
tary payment; it is an involuntary one. Sup-
pose a man had taken confederate currency in
the ordinary transactions of life ; that was giv-
ing aid and comfort to the rebellion, but it could
not be said to be in pursuance of any direct
physical force. It would be an absurdity to
say so ; and yet that would cover a very large
class of cases.
I have observed, and I beg gentlemen who
differ from me on this point to observe with
me, one important fact. I think if not a ma-
jority, a very respectable minority of tliegentle-
men from the southern States, who understand
tho situation of that country and who know
exactly what tho relations of men to each other
were there—and I include among thcin the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mf-Drake]—who compre-
hend the whole bearings of this question, and
who know how extreme the hardship would be
in many cases to punish as a criminal one who
had merely been an involuntary agent in pro-
ducing a wrong result, have favored this amend-
ment. On the other hand, those who have
opposed it most strenuously are gentlemen who
have been so fortunate as to have no practical
knowledge of the workings of civil war in those
States, gentlemen whose lot was cast in more
favored lands.
I maybe allowed further to say in reference
to the illustration offered by the Senator from
Vermont that it is not in point. The language
which he read from the statute is general lan-
guage. Now, where the language of a statute
defining a crime is general the law always will
treat the element of intention as a fact of which
the burden of proof is on the accuser. There
