1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4875
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of the Pawtuckct river, Rhode
Island, $8,000.
Mr, NIBLACK. I move to strike that out.
I do it without any personal knowledge of the
character of this river, or of its size, or of the
necessity for any appropriation like this on the
part of the Government; but from the amount
appropriated, and from some other circum-
stances of which I am informed, I am inclined
to think this is not one of those works which
can be considered as national and for which
we ought to be called upon to appropriate.
The object of my amendment is to enable me
to say that while I agree, as a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, weshouldreport
this back for the consideration of the House, I
was far from agreeing to many of its details or
to much of the policy which seemed to prevail
in reporting it. But, sir, it is the necessity of
our position. No work is to be appropriated
for by the vote of the House on its own particular
merits ; and that is one of the great objections
I have had to these bills involving appropri-
ations for internal improvements. The whole
of them go through as a system. Those we
desire and deem works of national importance
are brought in in company with other works
merely local and unimportant. That is my
position to-day. This bill contains an appro-
priation of $800,000 for the improvement of
the Ohio river, a river in which my district has
a large and, to some extent, a vital interest.
I believe the Ohio river touches one hundred
and seventy miles of my district, following the
raeanderings of that river on its southern bound-
ary. Therefore, to get these $300,000, I feel
myself compelled to vote for some other items
in this bill which I am not in favor of. In
other words, I find myself, like many other
gentlemen, in a position where I have to sub-
mit to some log-rolling, as it is called, to get
what ought to be readily conceded as an inde-
pendent proposition. But I am inclined to
think they are carrying this too far. Every
work we appropriate for ought to be consid-
ered, to some extent at least, a national and
not a local work, peculiarly under the jurisdic-
tion of any particular Stale in which the people
of that State alone are interested. 1 make
these remarks for the purpose ot illustrating
my own position in this matter.
Now, as regards the improvement of tlie
Ohio river and of the falls ot the Ohio river,
this constitutes a work ot national importance,
if any such work can bo so considered, tor
half a dozen States at least are directly inter-
ested in the navigation of this river; and
therefore, to secure an appropriation for works
which I consider so important in their charac-
ter as these improvements on the Ohio river,
I feel myself compelled to consent to these
appropriations for other works. But I give
notice to the House that if wo go on with this
policy of appropriating for small rivers and
streams through the country, in which but one
State is interested, I shall, at the next session
of Congress, insist on appropriations like that
asked by the gentleman from Illinois J>lr-
Crebs] for the Wabash river. I shall insist on
appropriations for other points on the Ohio
river not embraced in this bill, i-he Wabash
is a stream in which two States, those ot Indi-
ana and Illinois, are directly interested, it
carries much of the commerce of both those
States. 11 is a river also in which other States
are interested. I find it will not do to be too
modest in matters of this kind, I find that
gentlemen must insist upon the importance,
relatively, of the works in which they are inter-
ested, and that they do not get anything which
, they do not ask for.
Hereafter, for one, I shall adopt a more
aggressive policy. I can see no good reason
why appropriations should be made forstreams
* like the Pawtuclvetj while so many others ot
^ equal importance are neglected.
THere the hammer fell.]
Mr. DIXON. I think the gentleman has
given no good reason in support of the amend-
ment he has offered.
Mr, NIBLACK. I withdraw it.
message from the senate.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Secre-
tary, announced that the Senate had agreed to
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. K. No. 38) to establish a police
court for the District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 839) toamend
the act entitled " An act to grant pensions,"
approved July 11, 1802, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the joint resolution (H. 11.
No. 121) for the relief of John M. Broom
and others, the band of the twelfth Kentucky
infantry, withoutamendment; and the bill(H.
11. No. 1395) for the relief of Charles Cooper,
Goshon A. Jones, Jerome Rowley, William
Hamiegan, and John Hannegan, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
iuv1s11 and haitbor improvements.
The Committee of the Whole resumed the
consideration of the river and harbor appro-
priation bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
For construction of breakwater at Block Island,
Bhotlo Island, $30,000. .
For preservation and improvement ot bos too. har-
bor, Massachusetts, $100,000. _
For improvement of Hyaunis harbor, Massachu-
setts, $12,000. ,
For improvement of Plymouth harbor, Massachu-
setts, 110,000. .
Foi improvement of lauiiton river, Massachusetts,
$10,000. „ . . ,, ,
For improvement of Mcrnmac river, Massachu-
setts, ¥25,000. , „r .
For improvement of Ivennebutik river, Maine,
$5,000.
For improvement of ,Saoo river
For improvement of
<510,000.
For improvement
Maine, 1>10.000.
Portland harbor, Maine,
of Kenncheo river, Maine,
$15,000. " „ ,
For improvement or navigation at tno Crut,
opposite I!ath, Maine, $10,000. . . ,-,r-Af,A
For improvement of Union river, Maine, Sjk>,000.
For improvement of the Penobscot river at i>aoj=or
an<) below, Maine, S15.000. .
For improvement of the Willamette river at 1 ort-
land and to mouth of river, Oregon, &,5i,000.
l?nr inmrnvptn en t of the TenU0S.se
For improvement of the Tennessee river. $10,00^.
Mr. AltNELL, I move to amend by insert-
in^ ill the one hundred and seventy-first line
" $80,000" instead of " $10,000 so that the
paragraph will read, " for the improvement of
the Tennessee river, $80,000."
Mr. Chairman, my reason for offering this
amendment is the insufficiency of this amount
of $40,000 for removing the Muscle shoals,
which are the chief obstruction in the Tennes-
see river. This Tennessee river is one of the
most remarkable rivers on the continent. It
is navigable more than one thousand miles and
drains a surface of forty-two thousand square
miles. Itbinds seven Slates in its circuit, con-
necting them all with the great central basin
of the'eontinent. The great obstruction to the,
navigation of this river, as ! have said, is the
Muscle shoals. Remove this obstruction, and
the immense quantities of iron, ot copper, ot
lead, and of marble existing in the country
upon the head waters of the Tennessee can
easily be brought to the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, to call the attention
of the committee also to the fact that this_is J
j,he only appropriation proposedin this billtor
the Slate of Tennessee; while to the State
of Wisconsin, if my figures arc correct, the
bill appropriates $217,000; to the Stale of
Michigan $358,000, to the State of NewJiojk
$525,000. to the State of Massachusetts $15/ ,-
000, and to the State of Rhode Island $13 000.
Now, Mr. Chairman. 1 make no objection to
these appropriations. But I say that certainly
it is just and proper that a. river like the 1
nessee, navigable, as I have said, more than
one thousand miles, and binding together seven
States, should receive a larger appropriation
than $40,000.
Mr. STOKES. I rise simply for the par-
pose of correcting my colleague. He moves
to amend by adding $40,000 more for the pur-
pose of completing the work around the Muscle
shoals.
Mr. ARNELL. Not of completing, but of
continuing the work.
Mr. STOKES, t wish to inform the gen-
tleman and the House that the work has not
yet begun on the Muscle shoals. That is the
great obstruction in the river. But the survey
was made of the old line of river, and then
the Department of the_ Interior directed the
amount to be appropriated to clean out the
obstructions in what are known as the Suck
and the Pot, and an amount was also appro-
priated to be expended below the Pot, at the
old Muscle shoals, of some fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars. That work is now in pro-
gress, and, as I have been informed by the
superintendent of the work, they have an un-
expended balance now on hand of $08,000.
fie asks now for an additional appropriation
of $40,000, to be expended above and below
Chattanooga, so as to improve the navigation
from Chattanooga up to Loudon. That is the
object of this $40,000. There is an agreement
between my colleague [Mr. Maynard] and
myself that he shall propose an amendment
appropriating $40,000, to be expended above
and below Chattanooga, which, with the unex-
pended balance on hand, will be adequate for
the purposes of the next fiscal year.
Mr. VOX. Are you assured that that unex-
pended balance of $68,000 can be appropriated
in the direction of the improvement of the
Tennessee river?
Mr. STOKES. It will be expended in that
direction.
Mr. ARNIiLL. I want to ask my colleague
where that unexpended balance comes trom.
No appropriation has been made.
Mr. STOKES. I will answer my colleague.
In the first place, we appropriated $12,000 for
a survey, and then we appropriated $100,000
to be expended on the improvement of the
river, in part from Chattanooga down to the
head of the shoals, and in part below the shoals.
It was divided iu that way; and the superin-
tendent, as 1 stated before, informed me that
there is yet an unexpended balance of $68,000; ,
and an additional appropriation of $40,000,
to be expended above and below Chattanooga,
so as to enable some obstructions to be removed
between Chattanooga and Loudon, will fur-
nish good boating on theriver for that distance.
The work on Muscle shoals has not yet been
commenced, and this $40,000 will not help
Mucle shoals. , .
Mr. ARNELL. It will enabb them to begm
the work. . , .
Mr. STOKKS. It, will require a great deaL
more'than $40,000 for that work.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted, and I call for a Yote- ,
The question was put on Mr. Arneix a
amendment, to strike out "$40,000 and in-
sert " $80,000;" and there were—ayes 39, noes
ui , no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. AkXELL and
Mr. Stokes were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re
ported—ayes GG, noes 53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr MAYNABD. I offer an amendment, to
come iu at the end of the clause, as anlended,
"to be expended above and be.low „
nooga." I will say a word m explanation ol
the amendment. ,.**], the <ren-
l\!r \LLISON. 1 desire to ask the gen
Chattanooga will not coaix
ll''Mr? MAYSARD. 1 will explain. I am
1 very much obliged to the House for mcreasmg
