1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
Finance—Mr. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
seem to forget that we are a debtor country,
that we owe vast sums to Europe. We owe to
England alone more than fifteen hundred mil-
lion dollars. This debt is represented in Uni-
ted States bonds, State bonds, and in railroad
and other corporation bonds, most of it draw-
ing a large rate of interest.
Contrast our condition with that of France
and England, and I imagine you will agree with
me that the United States is in no condition to
resume specie payments. France has in cir-
culation $700,000,000 in gold and silver coin,
while we have none, and probably not more
than $200,000,000 "salted down" in safe
places. France owes no foreign debt, while
we owe to foreigners probably $2,200,000,000.
Now, let us compare our condition with Great
Britain, and see how we shall stand. England,
like France, owes no foreign debt. She has
in circulation about four hundred million dol-
lars in gold and silver coin, while we have
none. Most of the civilized States of the world
are in debt to England in immense sums of
money. I have devoted much time in invest-
igating this subject, and find that the Gov-
ernments of the world are indebted to Great
Britain and Europe as follows:
United States $2,100,000,000
Spain   515,000,000
Russia  415,000,000
Turkey  340.000,000
Holland  270.000,000
Portugal  235.000,000
Italy  185 000.000
Mcxico    135,000,000
Egypt  135,000,000
Austria  75 000 000
Brazil  65,000,000
Peru  .15,000,000
New Granada  35 000,000
Grec-ce    35 OUP.OOO
Argentine ilepubhc  25,0d0,000
Venezuela  25,000.000
Chili  25,000.000
Denmark  20 000.000
Sardinia  15,000,000
Sweden   15,000.0J0
Panubian Principalities  10,000,000
Cuba  7,500.000
I'lcuador  5,000,000
San I)omingo, Montevideo, Honduras,
Guatemala, and Colombia  15,000,000
while no Government is indebted to the United
States.
These various debtor Governments pay annu-
ally, as interest, to the people of Great Britain
and Europe not less than $275,000,000, of
which amount probably $150,000,000 goes to
England alone. No great wonder, then, that
under such circumstances England and France
can maintain specie payments.
Under this condition ofaffairs, if our country
should resume specie payments, and even ad-
mitting that our own people would not demand
the payment of a single dollar in coin, how
long would we maintain a specie basis ? I
answer, just so long as our creditors on the
other tide of the Atlantic might be disposed,
ami no longer. Whenever it should appear to
be to their interest to force us to a suspension
of specie payments they could readily do so,
and then having us completely in their power,
11ivO so manv geese in a poke, they could pick
n-- -if their lei^nie. And. in addition to this,
t1..- iit.-twar cloud that should make its appear-
and upon the horizon would send our bonds
lu.me by the million, and the inevitable result
would inllovv --suspension of specie payments,
with :il! its attendant evils; and any man who
would under these eircunistanees place the
United States in this deplorable condition of
dependency upon loreign Powers must be a
very great fool or a very great knave.
]n 1$">7 the bank paper of our country was
in eireulaiion upon what is known as a specie
basis. Everything appeared to be going on
smoothly and well until some of the people in
Europe took it inlo their heads to convert a
few million dollars of our " convertible" paper
into coin. When not above six or seven mil-
lions had been thus converted and the coin sent
to Europe a panic set in, specie payments
were suspended, and I believe not a single bank
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 34.
in the United States maintained specie pay-
ments during this crisis, and the people of our
country sustained a loss, in consequence of
this panic and of the resulting depression of
the prices of all commodities and the derange-
ment of business, of hundreds of millions of
dollars. A slight examination into the con-
dition of the hanks just previous to this panic
will show how utterly false and fallacious a
specie basis is upon which to base the currency
of our country. The two hundred and fifty-five
country banks in the State of New York had
in circulation $24,000,000 in paper and only
$1,000,000 of specie in their vaults. Twenty
dollars in paper to one dollar of coin 1
The one hundred and thirty-five banks of
that most exemplary State, Massachusetts, bad
in circulation $13,000,000 in paper, and only
$1,000,000 of coin with which to redeem the
$13,000,000 of paper, while in my own State
the condition of things was much worse. The
Grayville Bank had more than four hundred
and fifty thousand dollars in circulation, with
only $18,000 in coin. The Raleigh Bank had
about two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
in circulation, and only $1,000 in coin ; $250 in
paper to one dollar in coin! while the Bank
of the Commonwealth had about one hundred
thousand dollars in circulation and not a dollar
in coin !
This system might be said to have been based
on the '' coinage of the brain." [Laughter.]
This kind of specie basis is, and always was,
a cheat, a delusion, and a fraud, and I pray
that the people of the United States will see
to it that no such system shall ever again be
inaugurated.
It has been said that " money is the root of
all evit; " the author must have had reference
to this kind of money. [Laughter.] Do not
forget that I am talking about a period when
we had a "convertible" currency. Now I
propose to call your attention and the atten-
tion of the country to a period when we had
an "inconvertible" currency.
In the summer and fall of I860 an unusual
demand for coin sprung up in Europe, and
within a period of four or five months the peo-
ple of Europe took out of our country the
enormous amount of $00,000,000 in coin ; but,
as we were not on a specie basis, they were
compelled to buy it of us, just as they would
have bought our corn, wheat, or cotton, had
they wanted it. They had to take it at our
price or let it alone. They paid us a high
premium for it. They got it by contract. They
bought it as they did any other commodity.
The withdrawal of this vast sum of $60,000,000
in coin from us within a period of a few months
did not produce so much as a jar on the trade,
commerce, or business of the country. In
fact, so slight was its effect that, but few people
comparatively even knew it. Do you imagine
that this would have been the case had our
country at that time been on a specie basis?
I answer that it would not. The withdrawal
of one fifth of that sum would have produced
a financial panic ; public confidence would
have been shaken, if not destroyed, and every
man who held a convertible piece of paper
would have rushed to the banks to obtain the
coin. Everybody wants coin when it is known
the banks have none.
If you wish to precipitate a calamity upon our
people which will set us back a century, and
which will afford to the nations of Europe
their much coveted opportunity to give repub-
licanism a death-stab, resume specie payments,
and thus bare our breast for the knite.
Since the suspension of specie payments in
1802 we have learned by experience that the
legal-tender notes issued by the Government,
and indorsed by the whole people, answer all
our demands. They enabled us to suppress
the rebellion, to maintain the integrity of the
Union, and at the same time enabled us to
mako such wonderful and rapid progress in the
development of wealth and power that v/e find
ourselves this day in the frout rank of nations.
What an ignominious failure we should have
made had we attempted to accomplish these
results on a specie basis! Hence, I protest, in
the name of the people whom I have the honor
to represent, against the resumption of specie
payments while we are a debtor nation ! When
we'shall have paid off our debt, and when
Europe can no longer demand the coin in our
coffers, a return to a specie basis would then
be possible, but at the present time and in the
present condition of things it is worse than
folly. It is downright madness to attempt it.
But if after the liquidation of our debt the
issue of paper money as a currency shall be
exclusively issued by the General Government,
the demand for coin would be very insignifi-
cant" in amount, for the reason that none would
be demanded except for the arts and for other
legitimate purposes. Nonewoald be demanded
for purposes of speculation. Such would be
the case for the reason that everybody would
have the utmost confidence in the solvency
of the maker of the paper money; hence, no
one would desire to "convert" their paper
money into coin; in fact, under such a condi-
tion of things the owners of coin would gladly
exchange it at par for the paper money of the
Government.
Now, Air. Speaker, I will ask for a very few
minutes the attention of the House to the pub-
lic debt. I deem its early payment absolutely
essential to the promotion of the welfare of the
people and to the preservation of their liber-
ties. A great public debt is a constant menace
to republican governmentand republican prin-
ciples. The tendency of the public debts of all
nations is concentration into comparatively a
few hands; hence the creation of a bonded or
moneyed aristocracy is almost inevitable. As
a proof of this I refer to the condition of the
Britishdebt. The debtof Great Britain amounts
to over four thousand million dollars, while its
populations about thirty millions; yet the whole
of this vast debt is owned by the comparatively
inconsiderable number of two hundred and
sixty thousand persons; not one in a hundred
of her entire population hold any interest in
her public debt. The bonded debt of the Uni-
ted States is a trifle over two thousand million
dollars, and although we have no data trom
which to make an exact estimate, I think I am
safe in saying that not one hundred thousand of
our people iiave any direct ownership in the
Government debt. If this debt should remain
unpaid for a century or two there would be
created a moneyed aristocracy who would as
entirely control the direction of public affairs
in this country as the same class now do the
public affairs of Ureal Britain.
We have had a sad and expensive experience
of one aristocracy m this country, which wa.s
created out of a capital not exceeding in amount
our public debt. I need not say I lv.er to the
late slave-holding aristocracy. The capital
invested in slaves fell far rhoit cf j leidmg to
its owners an income equal to that now recaivi-d
by the owners of our public debt. Happily we
have destroyed one aristocracy, and 1 trust we
may have the wisdom to prevent the growth
of another upon republican soil. Bui. from
what I have said, Mr. Speaker, do no: under-
stand me as saying that I behove it would be
good policy in the present conuiti.m cf things
to increase the present onerous taxation of ait
already over-burdened people. And heie. by
way of parenthesis, allow me toreinaik that ;c
lias afforded me peculiar pleasure during the
present session to \ote tor a general iv^iiciiou
of the external and internal taxes, amounting
in the aggregate. 1 trust, to a reduction in tax-
ation of S7o.000.000 per annum. Bat what [
desire to say is this: that the present condition
of things ought to be so changed that our pub-
lic debt could be paid off at the rale of bl'M.-
000,000 per annum, and that I go without i eta to-
