2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
tion, and fraud were inherent in the nature of
the tax," and Mr. Gladstone spoke of it as
'1 doing more than any other tax to demoralize
and corrupt the country." That is his lan-
guage exactly.
Mr. SHERMAN. And I will say in addi-
tion that Mr. Gladstone has for years main-
tained this tax; and I have now at my room
one of the ablest speeches I ever read from
any financial minister amplifying and enlarging
upon the income tax; and he has reported it
in his budget every year he has been in power.
It has been maintained now for nearly twenty
years; and one of the ablest speeches I ever
read of Mr. Gladstone is his speech of 18G2 on
the financial budget, in which he amplifies aud
fully discusses the income tax. It is true ho
says a great many difficulties arise in making
it equal, and I could suggest a great many toe;
but still practically it has been adopted and is
part of the English system of finances, aud the
property-holders of Englaud, upon whom it
mainly falls, and the trades-people, bear that
portion of the national taxes as their portion
toward the support of the British Government.
Bat I do not wish to enlarge upon that. It is
a question we shall all have time enough here-
after to go into.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have simply to say,
sir, that in a speech of Mr. Gladstone, which
I have not here, but which was made at the
end of last December or the beginning of this
January, which must be, perhaps, his latest
published expression on this subject, that min-
ister, while questioning the propriety of taking
oir the tax entirely in the then condition of the
finances of Euglaud, mentions, as an illustra-
tion of the corrupting effects of it, the case of
a firm of the highest respectability in a princi-
pal city of England, who had for years given
in their income from a certain piece of prop-
erty—factory property, 1 think—at £9,000, yet
when it became necessary for the disposition
of the same property in connection with public
purposes, the same men proved the income of
it up to £30,000 per annum. They were men
of the first respectability ; and men of the same
class have been doing the same thing through-
out onr own country under our own law. Yet
the_ Senator [Mr. Sherman] would persuade
the'Senate that this is the tax which puts the
rich man upon the same footing with the poor
man. No, sir, it is not so. The burden of this
tax is one which is most borne by those least able
to bear it. The rich as a rule evade their full
share and leave the weight to fall on those who
are not rich. I never yet, I say to the Senator
before I take my seat, found a single roveuuo
officer whose business it was to deal with the
collection of this tax and to know tlio operation
of if, out of the many whom I have taken
pains to question, who did not admit that, as
a rule, those who were best able to pay the tax
evaded it the most, and shifted the real burden
of it from their own shoulders upon those of
the people of moderate means.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I should
not have said another word but tor the very
confident statement made by ray friend, the
Senator from Ohio, that at a proper lime he
will show the fairness of this tax. Sir, if he
can show its fairness, he will do what no per-
son before him has ever been able to do ; what
110 speaker in Pailiament, no speaker in Con-
gress, no writer on taxation or political econ-
omy has ever been able to accomplish. The
Senator assumes in advancc a very considera-
ble task. Now, I commend him to the candid,
absolutely impartial, and authoritative words
of Mr. McCulloch in his work on taxation and
funding. We all know the authority of this
writer; no better authority can be adduced.
A committee of this body might be well satis-
fied could it have the authority of this writer.
Now, what does he say of this tax? Onewould
think he had listened to my honorable friend
on this question. Of its effects he says:
"It would no doubt have the, supposed effoote"
[i. <s. be successful] "could it be fairly assessed. But
the practical difficulties in the way of its lair assess-
ment are not of a sort that can bo overeomo. And
the truth is that taxes on incomo, though theoreti-
cally equal, are in thoir praotical oporation moat
unequal and vexatious."
Mr. SHERMAN. Bead the paragraph im-
mediately before that, in which he speaks of
the theory of an incomo tax.
Mr. SUMNER. I should rather read a par-
agraph after it, with the permission of the Sen-
ator. [Laughter.] I have read the chapter
and I understand it; aud there are words here
to which I call the attention of my friend:
"After tho Legislature has dono all that can bo
dono to mako it equal, it will be most unequal."
Strong language that.
" To imposo it only on cortam classes of ineomos,
or to impose it on all iucomcs, without restart! to
thoir origin, is alike subversive of sound principle.
Nothine, therefore, remains but to reject, it, or to
resort to it only whon money must bo had at all
hazards: when tho ordinary and loss oxoopttonablo
means of filling tho public coftors havo been tried
and exhausted, and when, as during tho late war.
Hannibal is knocking at your gates, and national
indenendonce must be secured at whatever cost. An
unreasoning necessity of this sort is tho only satis-
factory justification of taxes on property and in-
come."
'Phis is the voice of science. It is not the
voice of a political partisan, or of the repre-
sentative of any Administration anxious to es-
tablish a system of taxation, but it is the voice
of science itself, speaking by one of its—I may
say chosen authorities. Ilow can this testi-
mony be answered? If you come back to an
authority of a differentcharacter, take a states-
man. The Senator from California [Mr. Cas-
seri.y] has referred to Sir Robert Peel, who
is known as the modern author of the incomo
tax; but he lias left his testimony behiud. I
quote words from different speeches showing
how he has characterized it. He declared that
"it was an unpopular and obnoxious tax,"
That is one expression. Then " that it was a
tax that ought to be reserved for time of war."
Again, " that nothing but apolitical necessity
of magnitude and emergency would justify its
imposition." Again, " that it ought not to be
imposed without being accompanied by meas-
ures of simultaneous relief." Then again, "ho
did not deny that it was an inquisitorial tax.
Ho did not deny that it bore hardly on in-
comes." Then again, "he admitted that it
would fall with peculiar severity on those who
were determined to act honestly." Then
again, " he admitted that a good deal of in-
convenience must arise from tho inquiries that
must be instituted into properties." Then
again, " that inquisitorial scrutiny was insep-
arable from the tax."
In harmony with his testimony is that also
of Mr. Gladstone, named by the two Senators
who havo preceded me. The Senator from
Ohio reminds us that Mr. Gladstone has sus-
tained an incomo tax. Have we not all sus-
tained an income tax?
Mr. SHERMAN. He does it this very year.
Mr. SUMNEli. This very year, and why?
The Senator knows perfectly how England is
pressed by taxation ; how difficult it is to find
objects for taxation in order to meet the great
demands upou her exchequer. He know3 that
England is obliged now, in time of peace, to
meet tho responsibilities of war. It is on ac-
count of that terrible war debt which still hangs
over lic-r, the interest of which must be annu-
ally paid, that she is obliged to assume even
in a period of peace this responsibility. I
think we are in no such condition. Our war
is happily over, and I know no reason why the
responsibilities and obligations assumed during
that period should be prolonged now during the
reign of peace. Sir, let us put an end to the
war. And I know no better way to give our
testimony to the end of the war than by stop-
ping that taxation which was born of the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say is thatwhen
the subject of the income tax is before the
Senate I shall be prepared to discuss it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, as the
Senator from Ohio rather accepted my chal-
lenge in reference to Mr. Mill, thero is a vory
short extract from the latest edition of his book
which I desire to read. This is the edition
published in 1866:
"Tho tax, therefore, on whatever principles of
equality it may be imposed, is in practice unequal in
ono of tho worst ways, falling heaviest on the most
conscientious. The unscrupulous succeed in evad-
ing a great proportion of what theyshould pay; even
porsons of integrity in thoir ordinary transactions
aro tempted to palter with their consciences, at least
to tho extent of dooiding in their own favor all points
on which tho smallest doubt or discussion could arise;
while tho strictly voracious may boinade to pay more
than tho State intended by the powers of arbitrary
assessment nocessarily intrusted to the commission-
ers as tho lastdofense against tho tax-payer's power
of concealment.
" It> is to bo feared, thoroforo, that the fairness
which belongs to the principle of an incomo tax can-
not bo made to attach to it in practice; and that this
tax, whilo apparently the most just of all modes of
raising a rovonue, is in effcct more unjust than many
others which aro prima facie, moro objectionable."
It does not strike my sense, if the Senator
from Ohio please, that that is a very strong
argument in favor of an income tax from Mr.
Mill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Except this, Mr. Mill him-
self voted for a repeal of a multitude of taxes
that wo have now ou our statute-book, retain-
ing tho income tax, long after he wrote that
book. I can show authorities on both sides,
and show the theoretic opinions of men. When
the subject is before us I give my honorable
friend notice that I will then give him a Row-
land for his Oliver.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is pretty late; I
read from the edition of 1866.
Mr. SHERMAN. He voted for it not long
ago. The Government of Great Britain still
continues the income tax, and Mr. Gladstone
votes for it and all the rest of the gentlemen
who have written about it who aro in Parlia-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ohio
understands that so far as the present Govern-
ment is concerned the reason given for it by
tho prime minister is that in order to give the
free-trade system of England a full and fair
chance to demonstrate its successful operation
it is nceessary to continue such a tax as this
for the present. That is one reason. Besides,
the Abyssinian war debt is still recent, and that
debt has to bo provided for. I will state to
the Senator from Massachusetts that the article
on taxation by Mr. McCulloch in the Encyclo-
pedia Britanuiea, which is later than his book
by ten aud a half years, repeats all the opinions
advanced in his book, and states besides that
no amount of execution or of experience in
the operation of this tax will divest it of its
odious features; and, to use his own strong
language, he says you can no more divest the
Ethiopian of his color than you can divest
this tax of its inherent injustice and inequality.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator from Ohio whether this tax
bill is intended to renew the whole income tax
for the year that is now running ; that is to say,
to collect the tax on returns which are made
by individuals of their income, as also that
which has been usually collected from divi-
dends made by corporations?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 stated to the Senate
before the honorable Senator came in that the
bill as it now stands relates only to the tax on
dividends, aud tho interestpaid by corporations,
and official salaries.
Mr. SAWYER. But it reads——
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has the ori-
ginal proposition before him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Feiuiy.)
The question before the Senate is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance
as a substitute for the original resolution.
Mr. SAWYER. I judged from the nature
of this discussion that it referred to the entire
income tax. I only judged from the discus-
sion. I had, perhaps foolishly, supposed that
the discussion had some relation to the meas-
