1644
tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey,
to refer the papers to the Committee on the
Judiciary with instructions.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust this question will
not be referred to the committee, but that the
Senate itself will decide it. I remember very
well, Mr. President, that jnst before the .south- 1
em Senators left this Chamber, in 1861, I had
a conversation with Mr. Jefferson Davis, in
which he complained that the people of the
North had interfered with the rights of the
South, especially in taking from them theft
slaves. 1 remember thlt I said to him, "You
of Mississippi have no right to complain ; I do
not think a single slaveholder in the whole
State of Mississippi ever lost a slave in the
way you speak of; you are too remote from the
border to have been Interfered with in that
way." The conversation continued some time.
I said to him, " Sir, let me tell you that if you
recede from here, the moment a gun has been
fired against the flag of this country slavery
ceases; and the logical conclusion after that
will be that the slave will be recognized as a
citizen ; and he will Come into the Halls of
Congress; and I believe, in the justice of God,
that a negro some day will come and occupy
your seat." [Laughter.] I atn glad to believe
to-day that what 1 thought then might happen
in the future has come to pass.
Sir, we ought to remember how much these
people have helped us in saving the country.
I do not think I should have attempted to say
a word if the honorable Senator from Oregon
had not got up to make an argument that this
man has more of white than of black blood in
his veins. What do I care which preponder-
ates? He is a man ; and his race, when the
country was in its peril, came to the rescue.
Mr. Stanton, who is now, I trust, sainted above
for his virtues and his services here, said to me
" This whole contest would have gone against
us if at the last moment we had not got two
hundred thousand negroes to come and join
our armies and tura the tide of victory upon
our side."
• I admit that it somewhat shocks my old
prejudices, as it probably does the prejudices
of many more here, that one of the despised
race should come here to be my equal; but I
look upon it as the act of God. He in His
providence allowed the war to tafe  place ; and
it destroyed the only blot upon the escutcheon
Of our country, which was slavery; and the
logical conclusion now is that after having freed
the slave he becomes a citizen, and when he
becomes a voter he as naturally becomes the
recipient of office. f& 1861, in a report Which
1 had the honor to make, in which I recom-
mended the use of slates in the Army, I said
the conclusion must be that the moment the
slave becomes a soldier he becomes a citizen.
So it has been. This i« a great country of
ours; the negro did great service in sating it;
and I am glad this conclusion has come.
Mr, FOWLER. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate do now adjourn, [" Oh, nol"] I
will say that I understand the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. ViCKErS] wishes to speak on
the subject.
The motion Was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 32, noes 28; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 24, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask at this time
Unanimous consent for an evening session for
the purpose of disposing of the legislative,
&c., appropriation bill now in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object.
; Mr. DAWES. I give notice that I shall
&sb the House to take a recess to-day for the
purpose of holding a session this evening.
The SPEAKER. That will be under the
control of the majority of the House.
a. 0. p. nicholson et al.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1324) to remove the ,
political disabilities of A. O. P. Nicholson and
! others, of the State of Tennessee ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
timothy baker.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 1325) for the
relief of Timothy Baker, late postmaster at
St. John's, Michigan; which was read a first i
and second time, and referred to the Committee t
on the Post Office and Post Roads. 1
Mr. LOGAN. I demand the regular order.
i british war steamer monarch.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair is requested to
j state that the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Swann,] on behalf of the senate and house
of delegates of the State of Maryland, has :
tendered to the members of this House the
freedom of the halls of the senate and house
of delegates, should they desire to visit An-
napolis during the stay of the British war
steamer Monarch.
case of b. f. whittemore.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] calls for the regular order,
which is the consideration of the following
' resolution reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs:
Resolved, That B. F, Whittemore, a Representa-
tive in Congress from the first congressional district
i of South Carolina, be, and is hereby, expelled from
; his seatas amemberoftho Houseof Representatives
in the Forty-First Congress.
On this resolution the previous question was
seconded and the main question ordered ; and
on the motiOn to reconsider the vote by which |
the main question was ordered the House, on :
a division, decided to lay on the table the mo-
tion to reconsider. Upon this the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] had demanded
fhe yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the Journal show
the fact that I demanded the yeas and nays ?
The SPEAKER. It is within the memory
Of the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I called
for the yeas and nays; but I withdraw the
demand.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to recon-
sider the vote ordering the main question is
laid on the table. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] is entitled to the floor for one
hour.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield to the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Whi*tEmore] the whole
of my time but five minutes.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. The sale of cadet-
ships has become the subject of universal com-
ment and interest. The inference drawn is
that an unparalleled system of bribery and
corruption has been practiced in the disposi-
tion or procurement of cadetships, and that
the appontment of the same has been to a
great extent for personal consideration. Dec-
larations have been made by the press against
those who have been accused before the com-
mittee appointed to investigate charges and
evidence against members, in advance of the
decisions of the committee, which have had a
tendency to create a public opinion prejudicial
to the true merits of the cases examined.
Those who are always ready to welcome cal-
umny, to be gratified at its aspersions, have
been standing on tip-toe waiting the report of
the committee and the divulgement of sensa-
tional material for their busy pens to transcribe
for the public eye.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
suspend his remarks. The Chair desires to
lay before the House a communication which
the gentleman from South Carolina lias this
moment sent to the desk. He feels it his duty
to call the attention of the House to it, that the
House may take such action on it as it deems
proper in the premises. The Clerk will read
the communication.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C., February 24,1870.
Sin: I inclose the following communication, ad-
dressed by telegram on the 23d instant to the Gov-
ernor of South Carolina, resigning my seat in Con-
gress, and the telegram accepting the same. Please
lay them before the House, and notify them that I
am no longer a member of tho body.
Very respectfully, yours,
B. F. "WHITTEMORE.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of liepretenlatives.
Washington, D. C., February 23,1870.
Governor E. K. Scott, Columbia, S. V.:
I hereby tender my resignation as a member of
tho Forty-First Congress representing the first dis-
trict of South Carolina. Please accept the same.
Notify mo at once of acceptance by telegraph.
B. F. WHITTEMORE.
{Received at 8.40 p. m.]
Columbia, South Carolina,
Executive Department, February 23,1870.
Hon. B. F. whittemore, M. C.:
Your resignation as member of the Forty-First
Congress from the first district of South Carolina is
accepted. KOBT. K. SCOTT, Governor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman from South Carolina, simulta-
neously with taking the floor to speak, which
he could only do in his right as a member of
this House, sent to the Chair this communica-
tion, showing that he is not a member. It is
not within the power of the Chair to recog-
nize any gentleman speaking on this floor ex-
cept as a Representative. If, in the judgment
of the House, he should have unanimous con-
sent to proceed, that will be for the House to
decide and not for the Chair.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire, before that ques-
tion is put to the House, if it is to be put, to
call the attention of the House to one fact.
I do not know what the communication or
address of the gentleman is going to be, nor
does it make any difference. If Mr. Whitte-
more is not a member of the House he has no
right to be heard, even by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Illinois that contestants for
seats or anybody may be allowed to address the
House by unanimous consent. It very fre-
quently happen s that contestants for seats, who
are not members and are never decided to be
members, are allowed to address the House.
It is for the House and not for the Chair to
determine.
Mr. LOGAN. I was proceeding to give ft
reason, and I am borne out by all the precedents.
The precedents of this House have been that
where a member resigns his seat in Congress,
it then depends upon the action of the House
whether that shall conclude the question. The
question was decided in the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, after a long discussion in reference to a
question of this kind, and the resignation of a
member was accepted. It was discussed upon
both sides. Some members maintained that
the resignation did not relieve the House from
its duty, and that the resolution before the
House was still to be acted on. Others insisted
that when the man resigned he was out of Con-
gress, and that ended the matter, and there was
nothing further to say. The question, then,
as I understand it under the precedents is this:
whether on not the Honse will act further upon
the resolution reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs. If the House will act on it,
then the genfleman ought to be heard; if not,
then he ought not to be heard. The first ques-
tion for the House to determine is whether they
will take further action on the resolution re-
ported by the committee. It is not for me to
say; it is for the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the evidence before the House of the
