2490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1t
meaning of the acts relating to thatsubjoct that all
such taxes shall be hold to continue for and during
the year 18.0, and shall be collected in the mode pro-
vided tor m sections ono hundred and twontyto sec-
tion one hundred and twenty-three, inolusivo, of tho
act to provide internal revenue.
Mr. CONKLING. No doubt it is confined
to Federal salaries.
Mr. DAVIS. There is, Mr. President, no
more difficult subject I suppose for human legis-
lation to be wise, just, and satisfactory upon
than the subject of taxation. My opinion is,
in the abstract, that taxation ought to be pro-
portioned somewhat to the amount of protec-
tion given by the Government to person and to
property. A tax upon income, excepting an
amount of income that would be sufficient to
give bread and raiment to every family, in
theory is, to my mind, one of the most just
bases upon which taxation can be based. But
there is one insuperable objection to the income
tax; and that is, that poor human nature is too
corrupt to execute the principle of taxation
upon income. We all know that the amount
of perjury, fraud, and peculation upon tlio Gov-
ernment which it induces is frightful, and there-
fore I suppose that the judgment of the world,
in its greatest wisdom and virtue, would be
against an income tax.
My own opinion is, in relation to other sub-
jects of taxation, that property ought to be
taxed, and all property ought to be taxed,
because all properly is protected by Govern-
ment, and the ownership of all property is
secured and guarantied by Government; and
that ought to be one of the bases of taxation.
I think that another basis of taxation ought to
be the person of every citizen who receives the
protection of the Government. In other words,
1 would impose a poll-tax upon every man
who is allowed to take part in the Govern-
ment, because he receives the protection of
his person and of his personal rights. They
are as much a charge upon the Government,
and require as much an expenditure for the
support of Government, as the rights of prop-
erty. They are not less dear to the citizen
than the rights of property ; and I would my-
self, if I could control the matter, impose a
poll tax of a certain amount upon every citi-
zen, and no man should be allowed to vote
or to take part in the Government of his coun-
try that did not pay the poll tax.
In connection with this subject of the tax
upon income and the demoralizing influences
of such a tax, I will remind the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Financc that
this objection applies in an equal degree to the
tax upon whisky, and to all specific taxes.
They are all calculated to produce a tempta-
tion to commit fraud and perjury for the pur-
pose of evading the tax, and 1 do not know of
any subject, which does not concern a greater
number of citizens, that is more corrupting in
its influences and more seductive to the com-
mission of perjury than the enormous taxes
that are imposed upon whisky and tobacco. I
think the Committee on Finance ought to have
regard to those subjects while they are consid-
ering the subject of taxation in general.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I have a
single word to say to the Senate on this sub-
ject. I have been very much struck in the
course of this short debate with the fact that no
gentleman, except perhaps the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] has condemned
the principle of an income tax as inequitable.
High authority has been cited for the purpose of
• bowing that in principle it is equitable, though
.Senators all seem to admit that in practice it
works very badly. They say that it is an in
quisitorial tax, an unjust tax, an unequal tax,
a tax only fit to be a war tax, and yet they tell
us that in theory it is a fair and just tax. Mr.
President, I deny utterly and entirely that any
authority can establish the justness and equity
of this tax, evfti in theory. I do not agree
with my friend from Kentucky that human
nature is so bad that if this tax were a good
tax in theory it could not t>e collected.
Mr.-DAVIS. My proposition was that it
could not be effectually collected.
Mr. STOCKTON. The difficulty with this
tax is that it is so fearfully unequal in theory
that it cannot bo enforced on account of. its
very hardships. I allude particularly here to
that class of income taxes which were included
in Sir Robert Peel's bill under schedule B—
taxes upon a man's brains, taxes upon indus-
try. Take a young man starting in life who
inherits an income of $10,000 a year, with
nobody to spend it upon but himself for his
own selfish objects; and you levy upon that
§10,000 a certain tax. Then take a lawyer or
a country doctor who lias toiled with a family
for years, and has perhaps some of his wife's
relations to support; take him when he has
got to makiug his $10,000. He may not own
ono dollar's worth of property in the world;
nay, he may be in debt. Night and day he
toils and struggles to maintain those who are
dependent upon him; and you tax him the
same that you tax tho boy who inherited his
property, and who lias no claims upon him but
his own selfish vices 
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise to a question of order.
I stated that if any other Senator, after a ques-
tion which is not before the Senate had been
so fully discussed, should debate it further, 1
would call liim to order.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 submit to the question
of order. I am not, so fond of making speeches
as to say anything when any gentleman ob-
jects.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
New Jersey yields the floor. Tho question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend by
adding to the resolution as it now stands before
tho Senate this proviso :
. Provided, That all salarios and payments included
in said section one hundred and twenty-three which
do not exceed S2.000 per annum shall not he subject
to said tax.
The object of this amendment is to exempt
small salaries and small annual pay. The
resolution is a very unjust one as it stands in
limiting the income tax to a certain class of
salaries; and I wish, so far as clerks and other
persons in Government employment are con-
cerned, who receive salaries of not more than
$2,000, that they should bo exempt.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be a very
embarrassing provision. I think it would be
ineffective. A part of this salary tax has
already been paid, and this provision would
make it necessary to change the instructions to
disbursing officers and the forms used by them
all over tlio United States. 1 trust that for this
year the law will be allowed to stand as it is.
Mr. CASSERLY. Tho great difficulty and
perplexity of which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance speaks is changing 1,000 in
the blanks to 2,000, changing one ligure, one
word. 'There is now an exemption to tho
amount of $1,000. I propose to double that
by makiug it $2,000. I agree that if the amend-
ment were to lead to great perplexity and com-
plication in the blanks, or in any other respect
in the collection of this tax, it would be an
objection, but I do not admit it. I trust that
in view of the manifest inequality of the resolu-
tion as it now stands, in singling out public
salaries and payments for services made by the
United States to bear alone the burden of the
income tax, it may be obviated to the extent
of small salaries and annual payments in the
manner which I have pointed out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a single i
suggestion to the Senate. It is not proposed,
as 1 understand, by this resolution to enact
any new law on the subject, but simply to con-
strue or to continue existing law. If amend-
ments are to be attached of any nature to'this
resolution, there will be no end to them, and
we shall inevitably run into the discussion of
this whole income tax. I hope the Senator
will just allow this resolution to pass under
the exigency of the occasion, so that the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue mny know what
to do in reference to the collection of this tax.
He must readily see that this amendment opens
the door to a hundred other amendments which
may follow, and the resolution will be greatly
embarrassed, and there is immediate necessity
for its passage. :
Mr. CASSERLY. The objection of the Sen-
ator from Ohio to my amendment was that it
would perplex the collection of the tax, be-
cause it changed the blanks, I think he said.
The objection of the Senator from Oregon is
that this amendment may lead to many others.
Certainly if this joint resolution requires many
other amendments theyought to be made, and
the argument that this amendment of mine
should be withdrawn simply on that ground is
not a very cogent one it seems to me. My idea
is that it always was unjust to tax the mere
livelihood of any portion of the people. In
selecting incomes derived from the United
States not exceeding $1,000 for the collection
ofthistax the Senate would be inflicting a very
great injustice on all that class of people.' I
trust that the fear either of complicating the
collection of the revenue, or of leading to a
great number of other amendments will not
prevent the Senate from adopting what seems
to be a most essential proviso. I call for the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 25; as follows :
YKAS—Mcsssrs. Cassorly, Davis, Flanagan, Fow-
ler, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, McDonald, Iioss.
Schurz. Soott, .Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner,
and Vickers—15.
NAYS—Messrs/Abbott, Ames, Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Oorbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Howoll, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Osborn, Pattorson, I'omeroy, Pratt, Ramsey.
Shorman, Stewart, Tipton, Willey, and Williams—25
ABSENT—-Messrs, Anthony, Bayard, Bore man,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Cattell, Drake,
Penton, Perry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Har-
ris, Kellogg, Lowis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Pool, Bevels, Rioe, Itoberl-
son, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Thayer, Thurman, Trum-
bull, Warner, Wilson, and Yates—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 now offer the proviso of
which 1 before gave notice. Before it is read,
I simply desire to say that I refrained, and
did so purposely, when I submitted it before,
from saying one word on. the general subject;
and now, in offering the amendment again, I
take occasion_ to say that though voting for
the bill to relieve the Government from the
embarrassing position in which it is placed,
had the general subject come up, I should
have endeavored to show that the tax was
unjust, burdensome, unequal, demoralizing—
ii tax upon conscience. I am glad it is dead;
I hope never to sec it resurrected. I now offer
the proviso.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania will be read'.
.The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Provided, That if any person holding either in his
or her own right, or as guardian, trustee, executor,
or administrator, or in any fiduciary capacity, any
stock, policies, deposits, bonds, or other evidences
ol indebtedness upon the dividends, undistributed
sums, interest, or coupons, of which a tax is diroeted
to be levied, collected, and paid by the officers of
corporations, shall and do declare, under oath or
a;™ation, before the assessor or assistant assessor
the district m which he or she resides, in suchform
as snail be proscribed by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, that he, she, his, or her ward or beiie-
liciary is not possessed of an income of £1,000 liablo
to be assessed under tho provisions of said sections ;
and it the assessor or assistant assessor shall bo sat-
isnco. pi the truta of such declaration ho shall deliver
a certificate to th&tefiect to such party or trustee,
tne production oi which certificate to the officers
required to collect such tax, and its deposit with them,
shall exempt such dividends, undistributed sums,
interest, or coupons from said tax, and they shall be
paid to the party entitled thereto withontdeductior,
of tax.
Mr.-SCOTT. I call for the yeas and
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from P.-u.;-
