1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
either expressed or implied. The necessary
constitution of the body itself sanctions this
doctrine, and all the cases that have arisen in
this House are consistent with it. Now, sir,
if the House allows the gentleman from South
Carolina to speak in his own behalf, as he
desires to do, we shall escape the difficulty in
which we would otherwise be involved. The
gentleman from South Carolina, by the course
which he proposes, would assume to be a mem-
ber of the House; and we could then vote as
we please npon the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The uniform practice of
the House has been the reverse of that indi-
cated by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.] The case cited by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] that of Mat-
teson of New York, is directly in point. Dur-
ing this very Congress the present Secretary
of the Treasury and the present minister to
France have resigned their places as members
without any acceptance of their resignation by
the House. And the case was the same with
the gentleman from Massachusetts himself
when he was elevated to the gubernatorial
chair of his State.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I resigned with
the implied consent of the House.
The SPEAKER. That has been implied
always, and there never has been, as I am
fortified by the opinion of the Journal clerk—
there never has been a record of the accept-
ance of a resignation since the House was
organized.
Mr. BANKS. I am perfectly confident that
the principle I have stated is consistent with
all the decisions of the House which hare been
cited when I was a member.
The SPEAKER. The practice of the Hoase
has been uniformly the same at all times, as its
records clearly attest.
Mr. BANKS. It is necessary to the consti-
tution of the House, and if this House estab-
lishes the precedent that any member can cease
to be a member without its consent it will
destroy the character of this House, and it
ought not to be permitted.
Mr. LOGAN. I only say this, that this
House shall determine whether Mr. Whitte-
more is a member of the House or not. If he
is not, I will then refuse him a hearing so far
as I am concerned.
The SPEAKER. What motion does the
gentleman propose for the purpose of'deciding
that question 7 How does he propose to test
the sense of the House?
Mr. LOGAN. I want the question pnt to
the House whether Mr. Whittkmobk's resig-
nation is satisfactory to the Honse.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no precedent
for that proceeding at all.
The SPEAKER. The uniform practice of
the House of Representatives from the found-
ation of the Government has been that when
the resignation of a member has been handed
in at the Clerk's desk, the Chair must then
cease to recognize him as a member. If the
House wishes to override that decision of the
Chair, such positive action must emanate from
the floor of the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I shall not appeal from the
decision of the Chair. I did not know that
the Chair had so decided.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has refused to
recognize the gentleman as a member after he
has resigned.
Mr. LOGAN. I must decline to yield far-
ther.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to refer to
the case of General Rousseau, who resigned
without the consent of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the Speaker whether it is possible, under
the operation of the previous question, to do
more than to lay upon the table or to adjourn ?
Is it possible to test the sense of the House on
the question of resignation ? Is it possible to
take the sense of the House on that question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The sense of the
House cannot be taken on the right of a mem-
ber to resign.
The SPEAKER. There is one way in which
it can be done, and the Chair will indicate it,
and that, too. in accordance with the operation
of the previous question. The Chair, after the
reading of the official communication from the
gentleman lately a member of the House from
South Carolina addressed to the Chair, cover-
ing a correspondence with the Governor of
South Carolina showing that the resignation
had been accented in usual form, declined to
recognize him longer as a member on this floor.
I That is the decision of the Chair. The gen-
' tleman from Massachusetts can take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and that will
test the sense of the House as to whether that
is the usual and correct parliamentary prac-
tice.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
wish to take an appeal.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will
yield to me I will move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a question of
order. If the House refuse to lay the resolu-
tion of the Committee on Military Affairs upon
the table, is that in the nature of a refusal to
receive the resignation^
The SPEAKER; -The Chair could not so
consider it.
; Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order,
| that the gentleman from South Carolina has
resigned his seat, and that he has ceased to be a
member of the House, and the House has no
1 jurisdiction over him whatever.
The SPEAKER. What the House may do
in the way of passing resolutions is a matter
on which the Chair.cannot rule ; and whether
a resolution be discreet or otherwise is not for
the Chair to rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair pro forma. I believe the
decision to be quite correct.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
noise [Mr. Farnsworth J appeals from the
decision of the Chair in refusing to recognize
Mr. Whittemore as a member of this House.
Mr. COX. I move to lay that appeal on
the table.
The question being pnt, the motion to lay
the appeal on the table was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The appeal from the
decision of the Chair having been laid on the
table, the House decides with the Chair that
Mr. Whittemork is not a member of this
House.
Mr. LOGAN. That being the case, then
there is but one thing, as I understand, left
for the Committee on Military Affairs to do.
The resolution heretofore reported by the com-
mittee is now under the previous question; that
the House can dispose of as it sees proper.
I will now make a further report from the com-
mittee and ask that it be read.
The SPEAKER. As this case may be cited
as a precedent hereafter, the Chair begs to
make one further remark with regard to the
decision as to Mr. Whittemore. It is that
during the Thirty-Sixth Congress, when there
were the highest reasons of State, reasons of
national importance against accepting resigna- ]
tions, when the members from the States then 1
going into rebellion resigned, their right to i
resign was in no instance questioned.
Mr. DAWES. I ask to be heard for a
moment. This is a point of vital importance,
even to the existence of the House of Repre-
sentatives. And it does seem to me so dan-
gerous a precedent to establish, that a mem-
ber can resign whether the House will or
not, that I desire for one to put on record an
expression of my opinion against it. If a
member, when the Constitution clothes us with
the power to punish a member for any offense
here, can prevent us from discharging that
duty by resigning, whether we will or not, the
power of the House to control its own consti-
tution is at an end. If a member can resign,
whether the House will or not, we can be left
at any moment without a quorum by a certain
number of members sending papers of resigna-
tion to the desk. What has been cited us
precedent has been, as the Speaker has stated,
by unanimouB consent, because nobody had any
good reason to object. When a resignation has
been sent to the Speaker's desk it has been
treated as accepted, because there has been no
occasion to refuse it, and the assent of the
House was implied. I should be willing, for one,
to vote for a resolution to lay this whole matter
on the table. I desire that no such precedent
as this should now be established, I believe
for the first time—because for the first time
there has been occasion in the history of the
Government to determine upon it—that a mem-
ber can resign his place in this body whether
the House itself be willing or not. The mem-
bers from the seceding States 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
the point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is this, that the ques-
tion of the capacity of a member to resign has
been disposed of, and the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] are
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield no further. I
ask that the resolution be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the reading of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logak] is entitled during his hour
to have anything read which is pertinent to the
question before the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is that the gentleman produces this
as a further report from his committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I will have it read now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that the gentleman may employ his hour
in the reading of anything pertinent to the
question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Retolved, That B. F. Whittkmore, late member
from the first district of South Carolina, did make
appointments to the Military Academy at West
Point and the Naval Academy at Annapolis in vio-
lation of law, and that such appointments were in-
flueneed by peouniary considerations, and that his
conduct in the premises has been such as to show him
unworthy of a seat in the House of Representatives,
and is therefore condemned as conduct unworthy of
a Representative of the people.
Mr. LOGAN. I move the previous question
on that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
offer this resolution while the other resolution
is pending. The resolution which is now under
■the operation of the ordering of the main ques-
tion must first be disposed of.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I will not yield to anybody
until I have a decision of the Chair as to
whether we have a right to have any resolu-
tion before the House in reference to this
matter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has himself, as the organ of the Committee
on Military Affairs, a resolution now pending,
on which the previous question is operating.
Until that is disposed of or got out of the way
no other resolution can be entertained. The
resolution which the gentleman has just sent
up would involve a question of privilege, and
he would be entitled to offer it if the previous
question were not operating.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the res-
olution now pending be laid upon the table.
Mr. LOGAN. I yield for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion was laid on the table.
