1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4379
Mr. AXTKLL. I will reply to the question.
I do not thank any gentleman for answering
questions put to me. The Legislature of Cali-
fornia passed a concurrent resolution, which,
was forwarded to this House. I myself had it
referred to the Committee on Commerce. It
is supported by the recommendation of B. S.
Alexander, the chief of engineers upon our
coast, and a brigadier general of the United
States Army. Yet 110 attention was paid to
the matter by the committee; and when ] offer
an amendment to carry out the object, I am
ruled out. Although the committee have neg-
lected their duty to that coast, I am not per-
mitted to offer an amendment which would do
something toward repairing the neglect.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not raise a point of
order on the gentleman.
Mr. AXTELL. That the records of this
House may show the position of this matter,
I append to my remarks a copy of the concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of California,
which is hacked up by the recommendation of
a man of as fine engineering talent as any in
the country.
"Whereas tho harbor of "Wilmington, in Los An-
sele* county, is one of the mo?t important on tbe
coast line ot the State south of Snn Francisco, being
the outlet for the large and rapidly increasing tiadu
of nearly the whole of the southern counties, and
where a vast amount of merchandise is received, not
only for the supply of those countics, but for north-
ern Arizona and southern Utah, the business of said
port is increasing every year, andit may be consid-
ered, in a shipping and commercial point of view, the
&econd pot tin importance iu the State; and whereas
the General Governmentliasgone to great expense 111
building large warehouses and establishing distrib-
uting depots at said port, making it the headquarters
for United States troops for the district of southern
California and Arizona; and whereas the said har-
bor is rapidly becoming inaccessible by reason of the
accumulation of sand on the bar forming across the
harbor, thereby compelling the lighterage of all goods
received at or shipped from said port, at a great risk
to owners and shippers, and a heavy additional ex-
pense of insurance on both vessel and caigo; the
pxpence attending such lighterage amounts to some
<>75,000 per year, as shown by the books ot the com-
mercial and shipping-houses doing business at that
port; and whereas it is shown by tbe accompanying
report and map of said harbor, made by Brevet Briga-
dier General B. S. Alexander, United States Army,
lieutenant colonel of engineers and chici or the engi-
neering corps? on the Pacific coast, (which report and
map is herewith submitted and appended,) that it is
entirely feasible and practicable to improve said
harbor and deepen the water at the bar to an aver-
age of from eleven feet to eighteen feer, by con-
structing a breakwater some seven thousand leet in
length between the points of the harbor known a.s
Dead Man's Island and Rattlesnake island, three
thousand six hundred and sixty-live feet 01 said
breakwater will stand upon ground that is bare at
low water, and three thousand three nundred and
thirty-five feet will have its base under water.
"General Alexander estimates that the break-
water can be constructed in one season, and at a cost
if KioO.OOO; and whereas the construction oi said
breakwater would greatly increase tho satety and
facility of said harbor, enabling vessels lo receive
and discbarge cargo alongside the pier, and tbe cais
of the railroad (now completed) which connects this
harbor with the city of Los Angeles and the interior
oi tbe richest portion of tho southern counties to dis-
charge and .receive freisht at.a warehouse on the.
expense and the saving of time and I9SS; andwhereas
report upon which we base this preamble and
resolution, corain? as it does trom such
same pier with the yewe)s,.to the great lessening 0:
expense a:
the repor
hV"h^ei^nVerbV^a^^ entitled to the greatest
consideration, and the estimate of the cost 0 the
work is based upon practical engineering expe.iuicc,
and W so small as compared with the lm^ortanct ot
t"he work and the immediate and immense benefit
to be derived therefrom, not only to Unit sec,,1011 of
ihc State but, lo the welfare ot the entire fetato ot
California and tho General Government: lherclore,
"He it resolved, by the Senate, (the Assembly con-
curring,! That our Representatives in Congrw*, be
lea nested and our Senators instructed touseallpos-
eans in their power to obtain from Congi es° an
mit -i cony of this preamble and resolution, together
with the accompanying report and map \
10 wh of our Representatives and Scn.itois, with a
icfiuest that they take speedy action in tho mattei.
Mr. SAWYER. The engineer department
has not asked for a single dollar for this pur-
-Dose ; nor havo any members from the 1 acilie
;-oast come before ihe committee except to ask
one appropriation, and in tliat. case the entire
amount asked was gi ven, it being for a wors iu
°lJIr? AXTELL. We asked these appropria-
tions last year. Must we constantly dance
attendance upon your committee and be ever
begging at your doors?
Mr. SAWYER. We gave all that was aslced
by any gentleman from the Pacific coast.
Mr. BENNETT. I desire to call attention
for a moment to the importance of the appro-
priation proposed by the gentleman from Illi-
nois,. [Mr. Logax.] I have some knowledge
of the necessity of a harbor of refuge at the end
of the lakes. When any man interested as an
owner of vessels upon Lake Michigan hears of
a storm on that lake his first inquiry is whether
his vessel was near the upper end of the lake ;
for if so she is almost certain to have gone
down. That part of the lake is very danger-
ous iu time of a storm ; and hence the great
necessity for a harbor. I have had some prac-
tical experience in connection with matters of
this kind, being interested iu vessels; and 1
realize the urgent necessity that there should
be made right early such an improvement as
that advocated by the gentleman from Illinois.
I understand from gentlemen of experience that
$50,000 expended upon the Calumet river—a
broad stream well adapted to afford ample pro-
tection—will accomplish the work proposed.
I regard the measure as of vital importance.
I desire to add that I am entirely familiar
with the names of the commercial men and
vessel-owners who have signed the petition to
which the attention of the House has been
called. I believe the interests of commerce
demand this appropriation of $50,000, and I
hope it will be granted.
Mr. AXTEL'L. I withdraw my amend-
ment that the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
lioGEi'.s] may renew it.
Mr. KOGEIIS. I indorse heartily every
word that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Log.\x] has said on this subject. As he has
remarked, I have considerable knowledge in
reference to the wants of the city of Chicago,
and especially as to the nwed of the improve-
ment proposed at the mouth of Calumet river.
Upon more occasions than one I have seen
steamboats wrecked within sight of my house
upon Lake Michigan, these shipwrecks result-
ing from the want of proper harbor accommo-
dations for the city of Chicago. When I saw
in this bill the appropriation of $100,000 for
the city of Chicago it struck me that the
amount, was not in keeping with the magnitude
of the work that needs to be done there, and
I at once went to a member representing that
portion of the country and asked him whether
he felt disposed to assent to so small an ap-
propriation for the great work in which his
locality is interested, while appropriations of
one fourth the amount were given for works
of very small importance at little places in
various parts of the country.
With my knowledge of the trade and com-
nict'ce of Chicago and of tho need of a harbor
there, 1, if a member of the committee, would
have been disposed to vote $500,000 for the
improvements needed at that place. I would
not consider this a large expenditure in view
of the necessities of that great and growing
city. If gentlemen would go there they might
see a hundred vessels spreading their ^sails at
one time and attempting to go into the harbor,
and they would recognize the fact that the
amount of appropriation proposed in the bill
for that city is altogether insufficient. ! hope
the little additional appropriation of $50,000
asked by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr
Logax] will be given, and given freely; for I
say to the Mouse, with my knowledge of ;jie
subject, that it will be properly expended. No
like sum ol money could be more judiciously
expended than at this very point. I would
go further, and, representing as he does the
State of Illinois, lie should, in my judgment,
have asked for this purpose not £00,000. but
$100,000. With these remarks I am done.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 now insist on a vote on my
amendment, for a harbor of refuge, $50,000.
The amendment was, agreed to.
Mr. BUCK. After line one hundred and
eighty-two, I move to add "for the improve-
ment of the bay and harbor of Mobile, Ala-
bama, $50,000." Now, Mr. Chairman, \t
seems to me that all appropriation for Mobile
bay and harbor has been most unjustly left out
of this bill. The necessity for such an,appro-
priation cannot be discussed as fully and com-
pletely as it ought to be in the five minutes to
which I am limited. It must bo apparent t,o
every gentleman of the House who has given
any attention lo this subject—and especially
tho Committee on Commerce which has had
this bill in charge and the subject of appropria-
tion for this harbor under consideration—that
it, is necessary to the commerce of the country
that the bay and harbor of Mobile should be
improved as much as any other bay or harbor
on our coast.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a point of order.
This is not authorized bylaw, and has not been
reported by the committee.
Mr. ALLISON. The point of order cemes
too late.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The amendment having
been received and discussed, the point of order
comes too late.
Mr, BUCK. I had the honor of presenting
a petition from the Board of Trade and citizens
of Mobile and from tho Legislature of Ala-
bama 011 this subject, which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and I was led to
believe that the committee were going to rec-
ommend an appropriation of one hundred and
fifty or two hundred thousand dollars for this
improvement. I afterward understood that
the committee had adopted a rule to report no
appropriation unless recommended by a report
of the board of engineers. I offered to go
before the committee and fully explain the
whole subject; but I was informed there was
no use in doing so. There was a survey of
this harbor ordered by act of Congress in 1800
and a survey was made, but the breaking out
of the war prevented any improvement of the
harbor at that time.
And now, sir, that survey, I iusist, is suffi-
cient to warrant the small appropriation that
my amendment calis for. We are now in a
condition when we greatly need this improve-
ment. Before the war Mobile was the third
exporting port in the United States. In 18G0,
in the month of November, theie were only
four ports which exported more than Mobile.
We have a hay that is in every way calculated
for the purposes of commerce. 11 is necessary
that we should have Government aid in order
to give us deeper water in the harbor. Ihe
county of Mobile is at this time making a small
appropriation for the purpose of joining the
Government in this work. We wish to have it
under the superintendence of the Government
engineers, that the work may be properly and
successfully carried on.
Mobile is the great port of the Gulf of Mex-
ico, and yet, while an appropriation has been
recommended for Galveston, lexas, lor the
mouth of the Mississippi river, and for other
places 011 the Gulf, not one dollar has been
offered to Mobile. The past year our exports
have been some three hundred thousand bales
of cotton, and our imports, in the article of
coffee alone, nearly fifty thousand bags. .The
improvement of Mobile harbor is a work of
great national importance. The great West is
deeply concerned iu this. Mobile is to he the
great entrepot for the products of the West
fndies and South America. Even now New
Orleans is sending cotton to our lower bay m
lighters for shipment to Europe.
This small appropriation is not only neces-
sary. but due to us by way of material recon-
struction in giving additional vigor to oar new
order of things South, building up our lost foi-
tunes, and showing our people that the Gen-
eral Government cares not alone for out polit-
ical welfare but for our material interests as
well. Mr. Chairman, I am sorry that I have
not time fro enter upon the subject ana discuss
