1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Naturalization—Mr. Bayard,
Sejtate.
to be affected by" thi3 law must be of a very low
grade morally and intellectually; they must bo
a people who can have but little comprehension
of the duties that devolve uponacitizen of this
country exercising the right of the elective
franchise; and I also know that in the party
from which the demand for this law originates
the use of money has been most prominent and
most profligate. Witness, if you please, sir,
that fund boastfully raised in 18G8, raised by a
body in New York which vaunts itself so much
as the friend of (he purity of election'?, into
which one gentleman, making, I am happy to
say, his vault from the Democratic party into
the Republican camp, carried with him his
subscription of $'20,000 in cash to this swollen
fund. What was that fund of $500,000 for?
What did this Union League of New York, these
self-constituted guardians of the purity of our
elective system, mean by asking for this
$500,000? For what purpose was it designed,
and how was it to be used ? What was the
object? Was it to purify elections? No, sir ;
that money was to operate upon the base, upon
the low, and upon the profligate, the very peo-
ple and the people alone to whom your law here
is addressed and whom it is intended to affect.
Sir, this new law respecting the naturaliza-
tion of foreigners is intended to embarrass and
prevent their becoming citizens. I shall dis-
cuss it presently in detail; and il will be found
that it is but an outcropping of that ancient
spirit which did not intend that any man should
exercise the elective franchise in this country
except his vote was cast in the interests of the
party from whom this measure has originated.
The elective franchise in this country, as I
have said, has been sought to be degraded by
the use of money. How much more is it sought
to be degraded by placing it in the hands of an
inferior race utterly unfit, not only unfit to-day,
but untitled by nature permanently ever to
understand its duties and responsibilities?
But who are those chiefly seeking to become
naturalized citizens of this country? Sir, they
are thepoor and the oppressed of other nations.
Men iu ad jeuce abroad, men in com fort abroad,
men who have never felt the mailed hand of
despotic power, stay where they are happy and
where their rights are not infringed ; but this
country luis been the asylum of the oppressed
of all climes: it is here that men have come
for civil and religious liberty. It was upon the
stock of that tree that the institutions of our
country were ingrafted; it was planted and
fostered by men who came here for civil and
religious liberty ; who came here that they
might exercise their natural rights unaffected
by the influences of corruption or of power.
What is the usual condition of such men?
They are poor in this world's goods; they
intend rather to live upon crusts than lo live
under oppression ; and it is to the poverty of
thisclass that this law becomes a barrier against
their participation in the rights of citizenship
which the very genius of our country was
intended to secure, and which the sentiment
of our country has always held forth to them
as an advantage to be derived easily and cheaply
whenever they show themselves inclined to
obtain its benefit.
I say, sir, that a law so profound in its opera-
tions as this, so far-reaching, should have been
discussed before the country at large; men
should know its provisions; they should have
been carefully canvasscd. They have not been :
and yet, so far as the debates in this Chamber
may reach the public ear, so far, 1 trust, a. proper
understanding of the monstrous provisions of
this bill may reach the people. So far as the
House bill attempts to throw guards around
the purity of the exercise of the elective fran-
chise by those who have been naturalized _ I
shall go hand in hand with any gentleman in
imposing all reasonable guards which experi-
ence has shown to be accessary.
In section two of this bill we find require-
ments which are utterly impracticable. It pro-
vides :
That any alien intending to apply for naturaliza-
tion shall, at least one month before such application,
file or cause to be filed with the clerk of the said
respective courts, or with the said commissioner to
whom such application is to be made, a notice that
he intends so to apply, which notice shall be verified
by the oath of such alien, and shall state the time at
which suoli application is to be made, the name of
the town or place within the State or Territory, or
within the District of Columbia, in which such appli-
cation is intended to be made, also where the appli-
cant has rcsid^l for the year previous to such appli-
cation, his resilenceat the time, with the street and
number, (in case he resides in a place having streets
named and houses numbered,) andnameofthekeeper
of the house in which he lives, the name, age. occu-
pation, and nationality of the applicant, together
with a description of the person of the applicant,
including age, height, complexion, color of hair,
color of eyes, and any other distinguishing fact; and
the said noticc shall also contain the name and dis-
trict of tho commissioner, the title of the court or
the clerk with whom he Bled or made his declaration
oi intention, with the date of the declaration.
Now, sir, what requirements are made here?
They are impracticable. I do not know but
that it has been the fortune of gentlemen here
to have laughed over the personal description
of individuals applying for passports. I have
read the description of some of the most intel-
ligent and respectable men in this country who
had provided themselves with passports on
going abroad, and the descriptions in those
passports, given by themselves to an intelligent
clerk in the State Department, have been so
absolutely absurd that no one would have recog-
nized the bearer of that passport in the descrip-
tion given of him ; and here it is made a key
of description, as you will find in subsequent
sections of this bill, so that if there should be
a failure on the partof the judge admitting the
applicant to recognize this general description,
given of the applicant's person it shall be a
reason why his notice shall be rejected and
his application go for naught.
Why, sir, there is the means, and there was,
in my opinion, intended to be the means to
render from first to last the whole of this ma-
chinery of preliminary examination null and
void, at the pleasure or caprice, it may be the
corrupt exercise of the discretion of the offi-
cers by whom this man shall be admitted. I
would leave it to the decision of any Senator
to say how perfectly absurd it is to suppose
that individuals of this class can describe them-
selves so as to afford any key to their subse-
quent recognition, it may be after the lapse
of many years.
The twenty-ninth and thirtieth lines of that
same section require the notice be kept and
filed, subject to public inspection, and to give
notice thereof,' and allow copies to be taken
wherever required. The leaving of this open
for public inspection of itself puts this descrip-
tion somewhat in danger, puts it in the power
of men to have alterations made of it. It also
no doubt contains within itself a possibility of
use for the prevention of fraud and for insist-
ing upon the identification of the party ; but
it is unusual; it is expensive ; it is unneces-
sary. It is declared further, that—
Any application having been duly made after
filing notice as aforesaid, may be twice publicly
continued hy the court or commissioner, for reason-
able c.tuse, to a day certain, publicly announced,
and indorsed by the commissioner or clcrk on tuc
notice.
This leads me to the consideration of a mat-
ter that I at first omitted, that the courts in-
vested with the sole power of granting^these
certificates arc the courts of the United States.
The places for holding these courts are estab-
lished by statute. In the whole of the State
in which I live there is but one place where
the courts of the United Stares can be held.
You require, even there, not only the original
visit to this court where this clerK is to be
found, and this description is to be filed, with
all these voluminous requirements, but after
it has been filed for some time, and before it
has been considered by the commissioner, be
may, at his own pleasure, or for what he may
deem resonable cause, which may be his own
convenience, or it may be his dislike for the
party applicant, or his opposition to the politics
of the party, cause the applicant to make not
only one trip, but two more trips in addition, at
verygreatexpense. Why, sir, there are points
in the State of Oregon, for instance, a State of
vast territory, which I suppose aredistant from
four hundred to five hundred miles from Port-
land, where, by law, the United States courts
are holden. A man then may be required,
under the caprice of this commissioner, to
make three trips, which would include an
actual travel oi" nine or twelve hundred, or
even three thousand miles before even this
notice can be indossed by the commissioner or
clerk.
In the third section what do we find?
That the said courts or commissioner, in adjudicat-
ing whether the said alien shall be admitted to citi-
zenship, shall require theoath of the applicant t'u^t
ho has resided four years and six months in til-1
United States, and within the State or Territory
where such application is made at k'a-!, one year
next prior thereto, and shall also require thereto the
testimony of at least one other witness who knmys
the said facts and who is a citizen; an 1 no proof ot
declaration of intention hjving been made shall be
received, except the recur.!, or aeertiued copy of the
record of such declaration.
Then it seems these preliminaries provided
for by the second section are to be matters of
record. God knows there have been enough
formalities attending them: enough postpone-
ments from day today, at the discretion of the
commissioner; but finally, by the requirements
of this act, they have become a reourd, and a
record in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Now. what do we find immediately after
that? After this thing has passed into tho
record '-any person shall be at liberty to pro-
duce evidence to show cause adversely to such
application." What does that mean ? It means
that, contrary to every received princiole of
evidence, you are at liberty to contradict the
averments of a record; and you may do that
by parol testimony. I know I never should
have heard the gentleman who introduced this
bill make such a proposition in a court of jus-
tice. A record imports absolute verity; ne.h-
ing can be urged against a record ; and yet,
here having forced these people to comply
with all these impracticable and multiplied
conditions-precedent, and made it a matter of
record, you then permit parol testimony to
come in to contradict it. In the twenty-fourth
and twenty-fifth lines of the same section it
is provided that after all that these cases are
open to a contest by "any person who^shaii
file with the commissioner or clerk an affidavit
that he believes such intended application is
fraudulent, and that he intends to contest the
same, such affidavit shall be attached to the
notice of application to which it relates : and
the commissioner or clerk of court shall make
a list of such contested cases, and a day or
days shall bo fixed for tho hearing thereof,
giving at least, two days' public notice in coutt
of such hearing; and no cases so contested,
and placed upon the list as aforesaid, shall K?
heard by the court or commissioner, except
upon the days so fixed, except that upon such
days," after the man has come forward to
prove his application, ''the heaving ot any or
all such cases may be publicly postponed to a
day or days certain for reasonable cause. '
Here 1 make this comment, that while all
this purity is to be exacted from the party offer-
ing to vote, while punishments and penalties
await any infraction of any of the provisions
of the law on his part, you here permit any
person, no matter from what motive, to
an affidavit of his belief of fraudulent intent,
and your'awhas provided no punishment what-
ever for making such affidavit falsely. It aUowd
