1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2491
sylvania insists on calling for the yeas and
nays, I will say that I have carefully examined
this matter, and I assure him that his propo-
sition is utterly impracticable. For instance,
take tlie case of the Pennsylvania Central rail-
road or of any other corporation. It pays to
the Government a large amount of tax—one
or two hundred thousand dollars, being the
semi-annual tax on its dividends. How is it
possible for tliis provision to be carried out as
to that? Any assessor or assistant assessor in
the United States may give a certificate to any-
body, without any limitation or restraint, which
will enable a person to withdraw from the Treas-
ury of the United States the sum of money cer-
tified to. If Senators will read the amendment
which lies on their tables they can see that it
is utterly impracticable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania calls for the yeas and nays
on his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casscrly, Flanagan, Fowler, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Ivellosg, Mc-
Donald. Osborn, Ross, Seott, Spencer, Spraguo,
Stockton, Sumner, and Vickers—I'i.
XAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Cole, Conkhng, Cragin, Davis, Udmunds,
11 amlm, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Howell, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pomcroy, lJratt, liarn-
sey, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Willey, and
W illiams—-25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Cattcll, Chandler, Corbett,
i)rake, Fenton, Perry, Hamilton of Maryland, Har-
ris, Lewis, McCreery, Morton, Norton, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pool, Revels, Bice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Thayer, Thurman, Trumbull, Warner, Wil-
son, and Yates—31.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the joint reso-
lution :
Provided, That the tax levied on all salaries in-
eluded in this resolution is intended to boon all sal-
aries of officers or payments tor services to persons
in the civil, military, naval, or other employment or
service of the United States, including Senators and
Representatives and Delegates in Congress, when
exceeding the rate of $1,000.
I have copied those words from the original
act which imposes the tax. The term " ollicial
salaries " used in the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio maybe uncertain, there
may be some ambiguity about it, and it may be
construed to embrace salaries of State officers,
and in order to make it definite and certain, as
perhaps was intended by the term "official
salaries," I have copied the very words of the
act by which the original tax was laid; and
those are what are called " official salaries!'
in the act to which this is an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution as it now
stands refers to the sections intended to be
alluded to; but to avoid all ambiguity, I shall
be perfectly willing, indeed 1 have a section in
my hand prepared, to simply declare that these
three sections, naming them, shall be extended
during this year. I think now the resolution
is in as few words and as clearly expressed as
possible 5 that the proposition of the Senator
from Maryland is clearly covered by it. The
salaries referred to are the salaries described
in section one hundred and twenty-three; but
to avoid all ambiguity on a question on which
there ought to be great clearness, I will read a
section which has been prepared to cover all
possibility of doubt:
Thai sections one hundred and twenty, one hun-
dred and twenty-one. one hundred and twenty-two,
and one hundred and twenty-three of the act 01
June 3U, 186i, entitled " An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, pay interest on
the public debt, and lor other purposes," as amended
v the act of July 13,18(56, and the act ot March
"ISG7, shall be coiistruud to impose the_taxe3 therein
•oentioiied >"or and during the year 1870, and that all
such taxes shall be collectedin the manner now pro-
vided by law.
If Senators think that is more specific, I am
uerfectly willing to offer it as a substitute for
the whole resolution, although I think it has
Dreciselv the same legal effect as the other.
" Mr. CASSBRLY. The essence of that new
bill or resolution proposed by the Senator from
Ohio is precisely the same thing which I pro-
posed awhile ago, and which was voted down by
the Senate, the Senator from Ohio leading off.
Mr. SHERMAN. Because I think myself
the thing is expressed in the resolution now
in just as clear language as it can be; but if
there is any preference between the two forms
I would be perfectly willing to adopt that of
the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. The virtue of this new
resolution is the same virtue which was in
mine, and it specifies in terms the sections of
the income law from one hundred and twenty
to and including one hundred and twenty-
three; and it continues the taxes which are
provided for in those sections and those only.
That was the point of view in which I pressed
mine on the Senate, and that is tlie point of
view in which the Senator from Ohio very
justly offers the present proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the joint resolution
is reported to the Senate I shall offer the propo-
sition I have read as a substitute. It is deemed
to be more clear.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land, if he insists upon it.
Mr. VICKERS. No, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, let us votcon the
substitute read by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall offer it after the
joint resolution shall have been reported to
the Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer as a substitute
the proposition which I send to the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the resolving clause
of the resolution and to insert the following:
That sections one hundred and twenty, ono hun-
dred and twenty-one, ono hundred and twenty-two,
and ono hundred and twenty-tlireeof theaotof Juno
30,1S64, entitled "An act to provide intornal revenue
to support the Government, pay interoston the pub-
lie debt, and for other purposes," as amended by the
aet of July 13,1866, and the act of March 2,1867, shall
bo construed to impose the taxes therein mentioned
for and during the year 1870; and that all sueh taxes
shall bo collected in the manner now or hereafter
provided by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole will be
regarded as disagreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer another amendment,
to insert at the end of the resolution the
following:
Which said tax on salaries and dividends is hereby
fixed at throe per cent.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendment agreed to was ordered to be
engrossed, and the joint resolution to be read
a third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
title of the joint resolution read, as probably
it ought to be changed.
The Secretary. " A jointresolution declar-
atory of the meaning and intention of the law
relative to income tax."
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to insert the
words "tax on salaries and dividends" instead
of "income tax."
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is well enough as it is
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it is well enough
as it is ; but I prefer to have it state precisely
what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest, ast his resolution does not now declare
anything, but positively enacts, that it might
read "joint resolution relative to income tax."
Mr. CONKLING. It does not relate to
income at all. The word "income" should
not be there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care anything
about it. Let it stand as it is.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills, .
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 719) to extend the time
in which certain offenses may be prosecuted ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1269) relative to witnesses
for respondents in extradition cases ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1353) to regulate the exer-
cise of the admiralty jurisdiction oftlie.courts
of the United States in certain cases ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1713) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for salaries of United
States ministers for the fiscal year ending June
80. 1870.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 6th instant, a state-
ment of the Superintendent of Census relating
to the amount to be saved to the Treasury by
dispensing with certain copies of the census
returns required by the act of 1850 ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws of the United States, and ordered to
be printed.
committee service.
Mr. CONKLING. There is a vacancy on
the Committee on the Revision of the Laws,
which I move that the Chair have power to fill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York asks that the Chair be author-
ized to fill the vacancy on the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws. Is there objection?
The Chair hears nOne ; and the Chair will ap-
point the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt. J
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary:
A bill (H. R. No. 340) to extend the pro-
visions of an act to provide further remedial
justice in the courts of the United States,
approved August 29, 1812 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 719) to extend the time
in which certain offenses may be prosecuted;
A bill (II. R. No. 12G9) relative to witnesses
for respondents in extradition cases ; .
A bill (H. II. No. 1351) prescribing the forms
of the enacting and resolving clauses of acts
and resolutions of Congress, and rules for the
construction thereof; and
A bill (IT. R. No. 1353) to regulate the exer-
cise of the admiralty jurisdiction of the courts
of the United States in certain cases.
The bill (H. R. No. 510) to simplify and
reduce the expense of taking testimony in
establishing claims for bounties and pensions
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. E. No. 1713) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for salaries of United
States ministers for the fiscal year ending June
30,1870, was read twice by its title and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
state Of GEORGIA.
Mr. POMEROY submitted an amendment
intended to be offered to the bill (H. R. No.
1335) to admit the State of Georgia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States:
which was ordered to be printed.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILWAY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 121) authorizing the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road, and to secun*
the same by mortgage, is again before the ben-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask what is tne particu-
lar amendment now pending before the Senate
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts; [Mr. Wilson.]
