236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
so, then other arrangements ought to be made
and this property ought to be made available
for that purpose. If it should so happen, which
I think altogether probable, that the Central
Pacific railroad should terminate upon Goat
Island, it appears to me that that would neces-
sarily greatly enhance the value of this property,
and it could then be' sold for much more than
it can at this time, if it should be the determin-
ation of the Government to sell the property.
But it is my judgment, and upon that I acted
as a member of tlie Committee on Iletrench-
ment, that it is better to disaffirm this lease at
this time, and for the Government to proceed
to erect suitable buildings in San Francisco for
the accommodation of these offices ; for it is
obvious that §07.000 rent every year will pay
the interest upon a very large sum employed
in the construction of a building, and it will be
more economical for the Government to pro-
ceed to use this property in that way than to
put this lease upon it for twenty-live years.
With those views I believe the resolution ought
to pass.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
0RDUR OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Calendar is now
under consideration, there being no unfinished
business or special order for this day.
Mr. SUMNER. i hope the Senate will
proceed with the morning business until it is
finished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no j
objection the Calendar will bo set aside and I
the morning-hour business will continue. Is :
there objection?
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the j
bill in regard to the census referred. After \
that. I shall have no objection to proceeding j
with the morning business.
Mr. SUMNER. That will come up in the
morning business. |
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairhears I
no objection, and reports from committees are ;
now in order.
REl'OHTS OF COMMITTERS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill !
(S. No. 2!Hi) to amend existing laws relating to '
internal revenue, reported it without amend- '
men!.. ;
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that that bill be put :
upon lis passage. It is simply to take oft' the ■
duty from canned (ish. !
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely :
say that, when the law in relation to internal rev-
enue was passed in 18US all the internal duties
imposed upon canned fruits, meats, and vege- l!
tables were repealed except that upon canned ,j
and preserved fish, which seems by some acci- I
dent to have been omitted. I presume there !
will be 110 objection to the passage of the bill. i|
Mr. 1 OMEIIOY. I suppose it will lead to i|
debate. I
Mr. MORUJLlj, of Vermont. Not at all. !l
I ho MCE PRESIDENT. The Senator i|
lrorn V crmont reports from the Committee on I!
I'manco a bill in regard to the duty upon canned !|
lisii and asks lor its immediate consideration. '
Is there objection?
Mt. StJMNIiH. I think we had better pro-
ceed with the morning business.
^i^STDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will go upon the Calendar. -
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil- I1
ltary Aflairs, reported a joint resolution (S. R.
jNo. M) autaorizmg the President to strike "
from the rolls of the Army the names of certain
officers; which was road, ami passed to a second ;
reading.
Mr. 'i RUMJSb LL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to v.iioni was referred the bill (S.
AO. 90) in addition lo an act to provide lor
holding the courts of the United States in case
ot the sickness or other disability of the judges
of the courts, approved July i'O, 1850, have 1
directed me to report it back and recommend
its indefinite postponement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made if there be no objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A bill introduced at the
last session authorizing the judges of the Su-
preme Court to assign district judges in certain
cases. We thought there was no occasion for
it now under the new judicial system.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 85)
declaring Virginia entitled to representation
in the Congress of the United States ; which
was read twice by its title.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (8. R. No.
G8) declaring the State of Virginia restored to
her normal relations to the Union and Gov-
ernment of the United States, and entitled to
representation in Congress, moved its indefin-
ite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Republican
State central committee of Virginia, in favor
of conferring upon the military commander of
that department the power to appoint colored
persons to office, moved their indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 280) to provide for the execution of the
laws against the crime of polygamy in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, and for other purposes, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Territories ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ain instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of Zelica T. Dunlap, praying for a
pension, to report it back with a motion that
she have leave to withdraw her petition and
papers, inasmuch as it appears that she can
have a pension if she applies for it at the Pen-
sion Office.
The motion was agreed to.
I'Al'EUS WITHDRAWN AND RKFHRRUD.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That (lie petition of J. JJ. Bradcn, Wil-
1mm S. Comb, anil ti. 1'. and P. 1<". itoilgcs, prayins
lor compensation for articles furnished by them
upon ;i requisition of the military authorities in
hM)tcuiboi\ mz, to put one of the grist-mills at
Jnpw Uluia, Minne.-'otii, in rurminsr order, be taken
irom the files ot the Senate, and referred lothe.Cum-
mii tee on Claims.
KILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 350) to provide for the adjustment and
satisfaction ot claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the Erench prior to
the 01st day ot duly, 3SOI; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
351) for the protection of the settlers within
the I; art Ridgely military reservation, Min-
nesota ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 352) to charter an American and Holland
ocean cable company, providing for direct tel-
egraphic communication between Washington
Now "i ork, Holland, and Europe generally,
under a concession granted by the Kin" of
Holland to an American citizen; which °was
read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is not written
by myself, but by a citizen of the United States
who knows vastly more than I do on the sub-
ject. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and printed.
Ihc motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
( 353) to amend the act of June 17,1868, making
j appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 18G9; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.354)
to repeal the second section of the act of the
12th of February, 1868, entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the execution of the recon-
struction laws, and for ihe service of the quar-
termaster's department of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, and for
other purposes which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 355) for the relief of Captain J. M. Keeler,
late provost marshal for the State of Oregon ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to call up
a bill for reference.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow us to go on with the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is an objec-
tion,
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 86) to construe an act
entitled ''An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to confirm certain private land claims in
the Territory of New Mexico ;' " which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 350) to reform the civil service of the
United States; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I should be
glad to have permission to accompany the intro-
duction of this bill with a few remarks in expla-
nation of the ends it is designed to accomplish
and of the means by which it is intended to
reach them. I deem such explanation proper
at this time for the simple reason that the intent
and bearing of several provisions of the bill may
not appear sufficiently clear at first sight.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What length of
time does the Senator from Missouri desire?
Mr. SCHURZ. Only ten minutes.
> The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri asks permission to accompany
this bill with some explanatory remarks occu-
pying about ten minutes. Is there objection?
Mr. SUMNER. I ask whether we had not
better go through with the morning business ?
I have some resolutions to offer.
Mr. SCHURZ. Inasmuch as it is only my
object to have some explanation go before the
Senate and before the public together with this
bill, I shall be perfectly satisfied if I am allowed
to reduce to writing the remarks I desire to
make and have leave to publish them in the
Globe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
have permission to submit to the Senate what
he desires to state.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope there will be no
objection to that.
SUMNER. I make no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. Ifthe Senator from Mis-
souri proceeds pending the order for the call
of morning business that order remains for
completion after the Senator shall have con-
cluded. ["Certainly.'']
^ I he A- ICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-'
stands that there is no objection to the Senator
from Missouri proceeding.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I will not
