2492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. HOWARD. Let it
be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert after the word " branch," in the
thirtieth line, the following :
And the additional altcrno tc sections of iaml here-
by granted by this resolution shall bo sold by tho
company only to actual settlers in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres, or quarter sec-
tion, to any one settlor, and at prices not exceeding
82 SO per acre.
, Mr. WILLIAMS. That amendment is man-
ifestly^ofifered without knowing what this reso-
Iution*contaius. The resolution provides for
mi additional grant, as I understand it, from
Columbiariver to Puget sound, and this amend-
ment is only intended to apply to the additional
sections which are granted to the old line of
road, the very place where it ought not to
apply, if anywhere ; it ought rather to apply to
the new grant.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought not to apply to
either of them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is probable.
Mx-. HOWARD. I was about to say nearly
the same thing. I hope the amendment will
not bo adopted. The first clause of tho reso-
lution is as follows:
And as proof and notice of its legal oxoeution and
ofi'octual delivery, said mortgage shall be filod and
recorded in the oflico of tho Secretary of the inte-
rior, and when so iiled shall bo doomed to bo a Rood
and sufficient conveyance of all the rights and prop-
erty of said company as therein expressed, and also
to locato and construct its main road to its western
torminus, via tho valley of tho Columbia rivor, with
the right to locato and construct its branch from some
convenient point on its main trunk lino, across the
Cascade mountains to Puget sound.
Now, sir, the resolution contemplates the
construction of a road from the vicinity of
Portland, in Oregon, to Puget sound, in Wash-
ington Territory. I do not recollect the precise
distance; perhaps the Senator from Oregon
will bo able to inform us ; but at all events, it
proposes to subsidize that branch of the North-
ern Pacific road in the same manner in which
the main trunk line is subsidized by the ori-
ginal charter of 18(54, and of course the resolu-
tion grants to the company additional lands for
the purpose of making this additional branch
of road from Portland to Puget sound. The
number of sections upon that line will bo twenty
on each side of the line according to the original
charter which provides for the construction
of the main trunk line. There will also be
some additional sections granted to the com-
pany by this resolution. For instance, where
there is found to be a deficiency of the original
alternate sections, as where they have been
takeij up by homestead settlers, or otherwise
disposed of by the Government of the United
States, then the company will have the right,
according to this resolution, to select other
sections for the purpose of supplying this defi-
ciency, although the new sections may not lie
within the range of the original alternate sec-
tions of land granted by the charter.
Mr. POM15ROY. All military and Indian
reservations are excepted.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course they are. All
military and Indian reservations and all min-
eral lands aro excepted.
I do not propose, after what has been said,
to enter upon the discussion of the policy of
this amendment particularly. I wish to say
this, however, to the Senate: this company,
after having struggled since 1804, the date of
its incorporation, has at length passed into the
hands of gentlemen who are men of character
and capital and who are anxious and determ-
ined to goon and complete this magnificent line
of communication between the lake country
and Puget sound. It is an enormous under-
taking.
Mr. RAMSEY. And without a subsidy of
money.
Mr. HOWARD. Whether with or without
a subsidy of money it is a vast undertaking for
any set of individuals. We subsidized the
Union Pacific railroad with ten sections of land
on eaeh side of their line, and in addition to
that a cash subsidy ranging from sixteen to
thirty-two and forty-eight thousand dollars a
mile. The company have received the money,
that is to say the bonds from the United States,
and that great work is at length completed; and
I believe the country is very well satisfied with
the legislation which resulted in its construc-
tion.
Tlie Northern Pacific railroad, a line which
will bear, in my humble judgment, comparison
with the Union Pacific and Central Pacific
united, or with any other line of road that can
be imagined across the continent, receives
under its charter no subsidy in bonds whatever.
It receives from the Government aid only in
the form of lands lying in alternate sections.
It is true that the number of sections granted
to this company appears at first blush to be very
liberal, it being in the States through which the
line runs ten sections to the mile, and through
the Territories twenty sections to the mile on
each side of the line.
The company are now anxious to issue their
mortgage bonds for the purpose of raising
money to complete this road. The value of
those bonds will depend upon the value of the
lands on which they rest, and upon tho value
of the line of road and the franchise, which
will also be included in the mortgage. Capi-
talists who lend money aro very apt to look
sharply into the nature of the securities which
are tendered to them for tho repayment of tho
money. A capitalist understands perfectly well
what is meant by a donation of alternate
sections of land to a railroad company. He
knows that the title of the United States is
granted to the company, and that the mort-
gage upon which he lends money is upheld
and supported by that title in fee-simple to the
lands granted. He knows that when ho or his
trustee forecloses the mortgage under which he
lends the money the sale of the lands will be
also in fee-simple, and that the amount of
money to be obtained upon a mortgage sale
will be greater as the title which is given to the
purchaser is clearer and stronger.
Now, what will be one effect of this amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts? All
these additional lands willofcoursebe included
in the mortgage which is to be given to the
capitalist who lends tho money ; but he pro-
poses to say in the same mortgage that these
additional lands shall not bear a price in the
market above $2 50, and that it shall be the
right of the settler, the homestead man, the
squatter, (not using the phrase in an odious
sense at all, J to enter upon and purchase all
these additional lands for the maximum price
of $2 50 an acre, notwithstanding the mort-
gage which has been given, so that this amend-
ment will have the effect so far to diminish and
impair the value of the security which the com-
pany is to pass to the lender of the money. It
affects, therefore, the credit of tho company to
that extent, for the lender will be perfectly
sure to discover the law which we are about to
pass, and he will hence know that these ad-
ditional sections of land are worth in cash not
more than S2 50 an acre, although their mar-
ket value may be twice, thrice, four times, or
five times that amount.
Now, why do this ? We all know very well
that the money which builds this road is to be
derived from the value of the lands which we
donate to the company, and by every dollar
by which we diminish the value of those lands
we diminish and cripple and trammel the credit
of the company that is obliged to borrow this
money. Sir, this road will be constructed. It
will be constructed rapidly and finished within
a few years if Congress will grant to the com-
pany the additional privileges which they ask
in this resolution.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Howell] has
admonished us in a very impressive manner
that this whole policy of subsidizing railroads
in the new States must be modified, or, as he
expresses it, the people will rise and abolish
the whole system; that tho whole system will
have to be abandoned by the votes of the peo-
ple hereafter in case the settler is not permitted
to buy lands which belong to the railroad eom-
panyatthemaximumpriceof, as he says, $2 50
au acre. Mr. President, I believe no such
thing, I do not believe that this clamor against
railroad donations arises from the honest settler
who wants to go into the wilderness :and make
him a home. In ninety-nine cases out of a
hundred such persons carry in their pockets
money enough to buy them a reasonably large
farm, and they do not grumble at paying a rea-
sonable prie#. This clamor, in my judgment,
comes from another quarter. It proceeds from
men.who are anxious to speculate and trade
in lands, from schemers, who, with lynx eyes,
are watching every foot of progress that is made
by the companies in the construction of their
roads with a view to obtain good bargains in
the purchase of lands ; mere land speculators,
and not honest settlers. That is the source,
in my judgment, from which this clamor pro-
ceeds ; and I feel no disposition to yield up
and abandon a time-honored policy, which has
resulted in so much good to the country, merely
upon the demand of land speculators.,
I believe that the mass of the people of the
United States have long since come to the
conclusion that the public domain of the Uni-
ted States is not to be regarded as a source of
large income to the Treasury of the United
States. They have come to regard it as a pub-
lic fund placed in the hands of Congress, to be
used by Congress for purposes connected with
the general prosperity of the country. And
what measure of policy has ever been adopted
by Congress which lias been so efficient in
settling the new country, in pressing forward
civilization into the wilderness itself, as this
aucient, time-honored policy of the Govern-
ment in granting alternate sections of land to
railroad companies? Sir, there has been no
measure inaugurated by Congtess which has
had such beneficial effects. That policy has
pressed settlement and industry and improve-
ment, and all the good things connected with
our civilization on the frontier, into the far
interior. My own State has felt it most bene
ficially, and so has the State of Wisconsin and
the State of Iowa and the State of Minnesota,
and so has Missouri, so has Kansas, and so
has every one of the new States.
15y this policy, which hastens settlement,
which furnishes settlement by means of rapid
and easy and cheap communication, the im-
mense regions of the Northwest have become
settled, and they are now productive; and the
more immense regions still, which lie west of
the Mississippi river, are to feel the same ben-
eficial effects from this beneficent and states-
man-like policy of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and it will take something more
than the clamor of a few land-seekers and land
speculators, and it will take something more
than the calls or the complaints of a very few
settlers themselves to induce me to change my
views of the true policy of the Government in
regard to the public lands on this subject. Sir,
we can appropriate them to no purpose in the
world more beneficial than the construction of
railroads, canals, wagon-roads, and other lines
of easy communication in the wilderness coun-
try which is to be settled by the people of the
United States.
But, sir, I do not propose to enlarge upon
that idea. I ask that inasmuch as Congress
has given to this company not one dollar of
cash subsidy, as they are to rely entirely upon
the value of the bonds themselves which rest
upon the lands we are giving them, Congress
will be liberal, and not that Congress shall
higgle and cavil with them about the price of
the land which Congress is to donate to them
to aid them in carrying on this vast undertak-
ing. Let us come up to it, sir, and do ourduty
like men and as gentlemen. If we make a do-
nation, if we make a gift of land to these com-
panies that so much require it, do not let us
say in the same breath, "You shall sell the
