534
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June, 25,
Senate.
Naturalization—Mr. Bayard.
41st Cong 2  Sjjss.
pretty well the object of this law, that it is lev-
eled against one class \ but not against a base
ami low class who might use this very power
for the pm pose of preventing men from becom-
ing citizens of this country. It then provides:
The Iieai inss of all eases, contested or uncontested,
shall bo public and in open court.
And th.cn further:
E.ieh case shall be heard and decided separately by
the court or commissioner. No affidavits shall be
 d mi! ted.
No. sir, none shall be admitted to prove the
qualifications of a party, but he may have a
contest raised upon him by an ex parte affi-
davit, which may be made falsely and without
punishment, furthermore:
And iinv attorney at law shall bo permitted to
cross-examine any applicant or his witnessed, *tud to
offer counter-evidence, conformably to the rules of
law.
That, means to say that any sharp pettifogger,
employed by any political association for the
put pose ot badgering some poor but. honest
foreigner, with mi imperfect knowledge of our
language, shall have tin opportunity of setting
this Hum tip for cross-examination, of confusing
him and twisting him with all the low arts to
which pettifogging counsel will sometimes
resort. Where such opportunities are given
there will he al ways found those who will avail
ol ilium; and already wo havo seen something
in the commissions issued outof this Congress
ol what, may be done by way of unfair exam-
ination to induce prevarication upon the part
of witnessed and to entrap them into expres-
sion* they never intended to use.
Alter all that, is done this court or commis-
sioner " shall tcquiro satisfactory evidence that
the applicant is the same person named in the
notice.' How shall that be proved? Of all
things the identity of person is most dillicult
of proof. It obliges this poor applicant for
1 his right of citizenship, which was intended to
be seemed to him with so little trouble or cost,
to no to tho expense of keeping witnesses, of
taking them from their occupations and means
of Mipport in Older to attend at court to offer
evidence which may not even then be satisfac-
tory to judge or commissioner.
Here let im; also inquire why lias this whole
question been removed from the jurisdiction
of our Slate courts, whose connection with the
musses of the p"up!e Is so much in ore inti-
mate ? The United States courts are courts
of limited ami statutory jurisdiction. Not one ,'
outof one thousand of the suits and differ- !
ences between citizens is brought in the courts
of the United .States. Indeed, the United
.Stales courts have no jurisdiction of suits be-
tween citizens of the same State except for
suits in admiralty, matteis relating to infringe-
ment o! patent rights, or suits in bankruptcy;
but nineteen twentieths, nay, more, nine bun-
dled and ninety-nine thousandths of the busi-
ness and litigation in the various States are
conducted in the State courts. Therefore, it
is the State tribunals who haveintimatc knowl- I
edge of the citizen, of his peison, of bis char- i
ucier, of all the. attendant circumstances of the !
proce.-,s of naturalization. The facts of his res-
idence and identity, his age, and other qual-
iliretnms, all these things you have without!
piete'ise of justification removed from the tri-
ii'ii'.'ds who have since the foundation of our
Government honorably, fairly, justly, and con-
scientiously performed their duties in this re-
spect—lemoved to courts necessarily Lacking,
fioin their organization, that, peculiar moans
ii! personal knowledge of the citizen which the
iSla'e (.'milts possess.
Then, sir, at lines forty-seven and forty-
"e-ht «f the same section, the certificate of
1'iuu'nhz ttion ol the party is required to set
foith certain very proper tilings, but it contains
thU i.melty, that " the personal description of
the applicant in full as set forth in his notice
of application '" idiall be given. Pray, sir, what
is the use of this? For what object was it in-
tended? Simply to give trouble, simply togive
a pretext for denying that man the right to vote
hereafter on the ground of alleged misdescrip-
tion. Take this fact practically: a person comes
into this country and obtains his naturalization
papers at the age of twenty-one years; he is a
mere stripling; his face is full and fresh and
beardless; but in the course of ten or fifteen
years, by the advance of time, perhaps by the
ravages of illness, by exposure So this to him
a foreign climate, his personal appearance is
so changed that ho no longer can be recognized
by his former description.
■ Have you not known it, yourself in that most
familiar way by the difference between the
photographs taken some ten years ago of any
man even in mature life then, and taken now
within the last year? The two pictures are
scarcely to be recognized asofthe same person,
flow much greater the changes in a foreigner,
attired perhaps in a somewhat foreign garb,
with the distinctions of costume which different
nations adopt,; and in the course often or twenty
years he has become completely identified with
the people of this country ; the fashions have
changed ; his whole appearance has changed ;
the stiipliog has developed into a large and
portly man ; the beard less youth may beamau
whose face is hidden with hair ; and an attempt
to identify that, man by the desciiption which
ho gave of himself, however tiutlil'iil and
accurate at the time lie made application for
admission as a citizen, or by the same descrip-
tion continued in his certifieate of naturaliza-
tiou, would he perfectly absurd and impossible.
Sir, it, can ellect no practical good result, and
can only be intended for the purpose of hero-
after rejecting the votes of men under the pre-
text I,hat they are not to bo identified by the
description given so long before.
.Section five provides, in this excess of care,
that the same safeguards shall be thrown around
the making of the paper on which these certifi-
cates of naturalization are to be printed as is
exercised by the j.Nnk of England iu making
the paper upon which its notes are printed or
engraved. I have not the least objection to any-
thing that reasonably and certainly shall lead
to the exercise of the most extreme good faith
in this matter of naturalization; but I submit
that this is an utterly unueces.vu-y and unrea-
sonable attempt to detect fiaud where none
whatever may lie intended. These ceitilicates
are to be printed under the directions of the
Secretary of Stale and the Attorney General,
"on paper so manufactured and stamped as to
guard against frauds and counterfeit." "And
an account of the number of blank certificates
thus issued, and to whom and when, shall be
kept in the Department of State." Further-
more, "the judge of the district court shall
have the care and custody and keep uti account
oftho certificates for his district, .vhich account
shall be open to inspection, <\nd shall issue to
the commissioner of his district, if any, such
number of blank cerlilicales as he may certify
that lie Hill require, and shall receive from
the commissioner the names of the persons to
whom certificates have been issued, together
with the recoidsof proceedings thereon, before
the said judge sliall make to him any further
issue of certificates."
Here you have provided with such extreme
care for the creation of these peculiar certifi-
cates that you have reached one necessary
practical result, that if these certificates shall
by any means pass into hands not intended for
them they will of themselves express a verity
which will enable fraud the better to be perpe-
trated. It is an over-care which no wise man
would adopt. It has some similarity to that
idea of wen who choose to adopt great pecu-
liarity of signature. What is the result? That
the signature, so essentially individual, so full
of salient peculiarities, will be found to be
most easily the subject of forgery. It is well
known that it is not in "the peculiarity of the
signature, it is in the unconscious verity of a
man's natural handwriting that the greatest
difficulty of the counterfeiter exists. Just, so
here. You would create a class of papers so
peculiar iu themselves that if, as they may well
be, they should be stolen from their proper
custodian, they will themselves import a verity
that shall the better enable frauds to be com-
mitted.
Nay, further. Here is this machinery for
having a certain number of these ceitilicates
issued, and a judge is to have no more until
ho shall have accounted for those issued to
him. What is the result,? That perhap3 one
hundred men entitled to naturalization sliail go
to a judge who holds his court in a distant part
of the State in which they live, and on arrival
there they will filnd that because the number
of certificates formerly transmitted to hi in have
been lost or mislaid, or by the fraud of himself
or somebody else, he is unable to give them the
certificates. They cannot be issued by hiia
upon any other paper; it must have this pecu-
liar water-mark of the Department. Therefore
those men will be deprived of the right which
even this law with all its interfering machinery
professes to give them, for the simple reason
that the judge bus not been furnished with a
propel number of certificates; or, having been-
so furnished, he has lost them and is unable to
piovide tliein. It is ail outrage to subject the
admission to citizenship to suet! contingencies.
This is but another commentary on the charac-
ter of this measure and of us intent to embar-
rass. restrict, and prevent, so far as may be,
an alien from becoming a citizen of the United
States.
'Then comes in section six, a proposition for
the surrender of cenifieates of naturalization
which have been issued between the 4th of
July, 1808, and the time this bill may become a
law ; which have been issued in precise accord-
ance with the laws of the laud as they now aie,
according to which the citizen holding one of
them has performed every requirement, thai;
your law demanded ; who lias expatriated him-
self under the provisions of your contract that
you would give him that domicile in your land
for which he had forsaken his native home.
That, certificate, which, under the laws of the
land, is conclusive evidence ever} where of his
right to enjoy every privilege of ?. citizen of
the United Slates, is by this bill abrogated,
the obligation of the eoutract impaired, and
something never before contemplated is re-
quired to be done m order that a certificate
perfectly legal and efficient at the time it was
issued is suddenly rendered imperfect and
useless in his hands.
Nov/, sir, I do not. know what that mysteri-
ous date of the 4th of July, 18ti8, means. I do
not know what occurred on that day or why
that date was fixed for this purpose. It has
only this signification to my mind: that this bill
has been drawn to answer some political and
partisan end which cannot and ought not to
find expression in the general laws of a coun-
try like this.
This is professed to be a general measure of
naturalization. Why, then, are a class of peo-
ple, limited in number, duly admitted as citi-
zens between certain dates, and certain dates
only, singled out and their rights of citizenship
at one blow stiuck down and new conditions
imposed upon them contrary to the long estab-
lished laws under which they became as fully
entitled to the rights of citizenship as you oi 1
Sir, this is a retrospective proceeding, antt
utterly uncalled for and indefensible, for n
any certificates wee obtained fraudulen.iv,
either before or since the 4th of July, iSOs.
they are equally and absolutely void. That
which IS founded in fraud never can have legal
existence. But this retrospective measure is
