5324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jnly 7,
But the Department baying been overper-
suaded by the arguments which Mr. Corliss
has been able to adduce, and having, after
once recalling the certificate, determined to
justify the settlement, proceeds throughout
upon erroneous assumptions which are easily
related by an examination- of the facts which
are of record.
It is not correct, as stated by the Secretary,
that "should the contracts be completed as far
as they could be with a view of storing them
in navy-yards," oil the assumptions made "by
the board, the sum of $111,549 15 would be
due the Corliss Steam-Engine Company for the
sixty-inch engines, and $147,068 25 for the
one hundred inch engines, making together
1 be sum of $258,617 40 due the said company."
On the contrary, these arc the very figures
constituting the total sum which would be due
Corliss o;i the full completion of his engines
and the erection of them in the vessel.
This gross and incomprehensible blunder is
apparent from an inspection of the report of
the board; and the device or artifice by which
the Secretary of the Navy has been induced
to take the amount of $258,000, which the
board reported and which the records of the
Department show was all that would be due
Corliss upon the full completion and erection
of the engines in the vessei, and to justify pay-
ing that amount to Corliss, when everybody
about the Department knows that the engines
were delivered inthe precise condition in which
the engineers saw them, and that it would have
cost Corliss more than two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars to complete and erect even
the one hundrpd inch engines in the vessels
according to his contract. Could any person
expect in this way to deceive Congress?
The reply of the Secretary further under-
takes to mystify the settlement by quoting from
the report of the board the sum fixed as the
amount which would be due from the Govern-
ment to the contractors upon the completion of
the engines "as far as could be withavievvto
storing them in the navy-yards;" but these
figures have nothing to do with the case, for
the engines were not completed as far as they
could be with a view to storing them. There
are many other errors and mistakes in the
reply of the Department which need not now
be specified. They will be apparent upon the
investigation.
Mr. Corliss did not offer to deliver the en-
gines in a sufficient state of completion for
storage at the Charlestown yard, but only to
deliver them "in their present state of com-
pletion." It is not correct that the report of
the board of engineers was not shown to Mr.
Corliss. He was fully apprised of its contents.
It is not correct that the figures of the board,
given in their original report and repeated
when again called upon by the Secretary, were
" inconsistent with the actual state of forward-
ness of the engines." On the contrary, the
figures were more favorable to the contractors
than the actual state of forwardness of the
engines would have been if the Department
had adopted other methods of ascertaining
their condition.
Being fully convinced of the truth of all the
statements that I have made of the incorrect-
ness of the position which the Department has
been induced by Mr. Corliss to assume, and
realizing that over a quarter of a million dol-
lars of the people's money depend upon the
result, I feel it to be my duty to insist upon
striking out the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know nothing
about this claim except from the documents
which have been referred to the committee,
and which have been read at the desk. They
seemed, in the judgment of the committee, to
justify an appropriation on the ground, not
that this was in the nature of a departmental
claim,_ for which an appropriation is never
made in a bill of this sort, but as standing in
thenature of liquidated debt. The transaction
out of which the indebtedness arose grew out
of a contract, bearing date in 1863, for steam-
engines. Of course the committee have not
looked into the question to which my honor-
able friend from Alabama has adverted, nor
do I propose to go into the accuracy of his
statements ;• but it is based upon a contract
made in 1863. It was a large contract, and this
appropriation is for the balance, or the sup-
posed balance, of this amount on the contracts
with the Government originating in that year.
The committee contented themselves with
the statement of the Department, that this
was a liquidated claim, originating in the last
administration, which had passed through the
several bureaus, having had the proper consid-
eration and audited in those bureaus, and found
to be a balance due upon such examination.
That bringing it within the character of a liqui-
dated claim, the committee concluded to make
this appropriation to discharge the liability of
the Department thus incurred.
Now I will advert for a brief moment to the
statement of the Secretary, and then I will call
attention to the documents which are referred
to here to show that it does bear that character;
and if it does, then it is properly upon this
bill. If it shall turn out, as my friend sup-
poses, that it is a controverted claim, then of
course it ought not to receive the sanction of
the Senate. The Secretary says:
" When the present Administration oam e into office
certain claims a.gainst the Dopartmcnt, which secmod
to bo founded injustice, remained unpaid. Some of
these bills wore of tools and steam machinery under
contracts mado during tho last Administration, and
some forordnance, contracted undersiroilareireum-
stances. Tho Department has had them all investi-
gated and passed upon by boards appointed for tho
purposo, and tho amounts now duo ascertained.
"These amount in tho aggregate to $580,311 t'2 in
the steam-engineering department."
Then he goes on to say what examination*
his Department has given to this subject, and
sends us this other document. Two hundred
and fifty- seven thousand six hundred and eighty-
eight dollars of this whole claim is for the Cor-
liss Company. I understand the honorable
Senator from Alabama, who has given some
attention to this subject, not to object to the
balance of that claim.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand him
to say that his examination of the subject has
satisfied him that objection only lies to the
claim of the Corliss Steam-Engine Company.
If he makes any distinction I have been unfor-
tunate in learning what it, is ; why the Depart-
ment is to be credited as to about one half of
it and discredited as to the balance. So far as
I have been able to see, they all stand precisely
upon the same footing.
Mr. SPENCER. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will state that the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment of the two Houses is
now investigating this subject, under a reso-
lution offered by the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 understand
that; but that is a committee of general juris-
diction, and I do not understand that they have
this particular item in charge more than any-
thing else. It covers the whole.
Mr. SPENCER. They have this as well as
others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They have this
as well as others, and others to which the Sen-
ator does not object as well as this; but I sub-
mit to my friend that when he arraigns the
Department for carelessness or inadvertence,
or for anything outside of that, and concedes
that one half of the claim thus presented is
undoubtedly correct  
Mr. SPENCER. I do not concede that as
to one half. I only know about this part.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It carries a very
strong presumption as to the balance of it; but
I do not propose to argue that. I do not pro-
pose to argue the question at all; but this
amendment, being assailed, it becomes my duty
to state to the Senate the grounds upon which
the committee reported it to the Senate.
Now, this is not a quit claim, as may be
inferred from what has been said. It is not a
claim that has been inadvertently or through
misapprehension or mistake, I take it, sent to
Congress. It seerns that this whole subject
was referred to a board as early as December,
1868, for examination. That board consisted
of J. H. Strong, captain United States Navy,
and president of the board, Benjamin F. Gar-
vin, chief engineer, and Edwin Fithiaa, chief
engineer. It was referred therefore, it will be
seen, to a board of the Department's own
choosing, experts, who made an elaborate re-
port which I will not trouble the Senate with
reading, but which I refer to as one of the
documents which were sent to the committee,
and which the committee examined to satisfy
themselves that this was a liquidated claim.
This board, after an elaborate examination,
which is stated in this document in detail, find
these balances due these parties upon the con-
tract as of the liquidated, due claim.
Then my friend from Alabama, I believe,
introduced a resolution, or at any rate a reso-
lution was adopted by the Senate, last Febru-
ary, calling the attention of the Department
to this class of claims, and asking for inform-
ation in regard to them. I hold in my hand
the reply of the Secretary of the Navy, giving
that information. These facts are substan-
tially set out. This was one of the documents
which were submitted to the committee. The
Secretary, in answer to that resolution, says :
"Though the settlement was concluded sorno
months before the present Secretary came into ofliee,
the matter has, since the receipt of the Senate reso-
lution, beon reexamined as far as the information
now at the command of the Department admits of.
and it is found that though the examination and
report wore had for tho information of the Depart-
ment, tho settleuientwas in fact made in acceptance
of tho proposition of compromise on tho part of the
contractors, who had valid contracts with the 'Sov-
ernmont, and who wore entitled to the option of
carrying them out or abandoning them. Tho ofier
appears to have been made and accepted independ-
ently of tho report, which, though used for the in-
formation of the Department, was not in any way
binding upon the contractor?, nor, as far as is ascer-
tained, ever shown to them."
I read this for the purpose of showing that,
before this Administration came into power
the Navy Department had examined this claim
and had found the balance due, and stated it
as a liquidated balance due these parties on
their contracts. Under this resolution of the
Senate the Department reexamined all these
claims, and found no occasion to dissent from
the adjustment of the former administration of
the Department.
Under these circumstances, according- to all
the usages, it would seem to be, instead of a
claim against the Government, a liquidated
debt growing out of the transactions of the
Department; that these parties were entitled
to have so much paid them on their contracts
by the former Administration, which, coming
over to this Administration, the attention of the
Department has been called to this balance ;
and the Secretary makes this application to
Congress for an amount sufficient to discharge
these liquidated liabilities. This is the attitude
precisely in which the question comes before
the Senate.
Now, my friend thinks there may be some
irregularity, and perhaps something more about
it; but that is putting the individual opinion
and judgment of a Senator, with the limited
opportunities that the Senate will perceive he
could have, against the action of the Depart-
ment, twice thoroughly considered, and more-
over the report of a board of experts who were
appointed to consider this whole question and
make a report, as I have stated.
I do not stand here to argue the questiotr,
because I have not examined it in detail; but
believing that the Department, whose business
it was to know and who had settled and liqui-
dated this claim in 18G8 and 1869 and again
revised it, were entitled to confidence, thfc
committee proposed t,o make the appropria-
tion in harmony with these facts.
Mr, SPENCER. I wish to have the Senate
