1870.^
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
535
<11 >st Co.\g....2d Sess.
Naturalization—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
inU-mk-d lo impair legally vested rights, and I
doubt, very much the constitutionality of a law
which retreads and imposes new conditions not
in existence at the time the party bccame a
citizen. My honorable friend from Maryland,
[Mr. Vickebs,] whoaddressed theSenate upon
(hat subject., made a commentary which to me
was exceeding forcible and entirely conclusive.
He fpoke of its effect upon men taking property
ascitizens under laws then existing and making
contracts. The title to that property would be
aifected by the proposition of this bill that
citizenship could be made imperfect by subse-
qeunl legislation. Theproposition, to ray mind,
is monstrous. There should be justification at
all times for a lav/ which pretends to have a
retroactive effect; but I am satisfied that there
is neither moral nor constitutional justification
for this feature of the bill.
Under this doctrine all rights of citizenship
conferred under our naturalization laws since
the earliest period of our Government can be
destroyed. You can as well impose any new,
onerous, and impracticable conditions upon
eveiy natiualized citizen, so that nine tenths
of I hem shall be disfraiichished at the coming
elections.
Such a proposition is worthy only of a Union
league or a Know-Nothing lodge.
i>;:t. sir, even when a man shall present him-
&.>lf with a certificate of naturalization issued
since the 4th of July, 1808, a certificate under
which he voted in that year, under which he
has held and exercised his rights of citizenship
without question and in accordance with law,
he must submit to a new examination, and
the court mast be satisfied on examination
of the person presenting the certificate, or
by oilier evidence, that the same is genuine
a:id has been obtained without fraud. When
a man appears in court with a certificate of
naturalization under the seal of a court of
competent jurisdiction, and presents it, the
laws of this laud declare that to be conclu-
sive evidence of the facts contained therein.
Now, another court—not the one that issued
it, not one where he is known, not the court
which until rally would have both the record
and the evidence by which his naturalization
was completed and personal evidence on the
parr of the magis'rate of the identity of the
man, but some other court, in some distant
Stale to which this citizen may have removed,
is. to investigate the case. He may have gone
from the Slate of Delaware to the Pacific coast,
taking with him a certificate of his citizenship,
his naturalization, duly granted to him by a
coarT of competent jurisdiction, since the 4th
of July *wo yenis ago, and there, far away from
!,h fV'O'ids, away from his witnesses, without
any in on lis of substantiating this fact otiier than
the proiiuctiou of the ceiuhc.ite itseli and his
own oa'if, that man is 'o be depiived ol the
sidit* o! citizenship which he acquired under
1 he. Constitution and laws, because, forsooth,
he has not s'lti-'lied ;icourt which knows noth-
ing of hita of the genuineness ol the certificate
li'idc' which he has lived as a citizen for more
tliaii two >eai's: and not a court, perhaps, but
so,ne petty commissioner, to whom the exam-
ination may have been delegated.
Tins same seet'on contains other provisions
to the Mime effect, which amount to this: that
any cmut m the United States shall sit in judg-
ment npo'1 tlie act of any other court of equally
e unpen r,t jnnsdiction, and completely annul
at i's pleasure and discretion the judgment of
titruiahxaiion which was passed by the first
which had full legal cognizance of the
mi! ject. The Constitution of the United States,
aitic1'' fora, section one, declares—
" Th.it full faith and credit shall be given in caeli
St'it.Mo tiii'iublio acts-, tcoords, and judicial !>ro-
...TS of cvciy "tiler St:it(\"
Can ib.it, w loch is a public act and the re-
cord of njudicuil proceeding of one Slate court
under this law be iuquiied into and utterly
invalidated by the court of another State ? Is
it not a plain violation of this section of the
Constitution for you to allow the judges of any
court in any State in the Union to examine
into and nullity these judicial acts deliberately
made by courts having competent jurisdiction
since the 4th of July, 1868? Such is the result
of this section?
The whole machinery of this sixth section is
ingeniously adapted for invalidating all cer-
tificates and records of naturalization which
have been made in the last two years. At line
thirty it is provided—
That any eeriificatc issued since July •!, 1833,and
prior to the date hereof, and which shall not have
been presented find indorsed "apiuoved,'"' as afore-
said, shall ho ofon to inquiry as to its validity when
presented to he used at any election or otherwise;
and it the judges, inspectors ot elections, or other
tubunal before which the said certificate may bo
presented, shall in: satisfied, by the examination of
the person named in said certificate, or by other evi-
dence. {hat the person named in said ccrtifieato has
not resided in the United States for five years prior
to the date ot sunt certificate, or that tbo same was
obtained by fraud, or unlawfully, or is counterfeit,
then the said certificate shall bo rejected.
Here not only is the power given to courts
in different States to examine into the acts of
each other, and refuse to accord them that full
faith and credit which the Constitution requires,
but you niopose also to leave it to a parcel of
partisan'election officers in the heat of a can-
vass to pass upon questions of this kind which
shall entirely destroy the effect of constitutional
provisions and laws long established and rec-
ognized, and which, in good faith to the citizens,
you should now see are carried out.
Sir, it would take more time and labor than
I can now bestow on this bill to point out the
embarrassments intended to be created and
the discredit intended to be thrown upon all
proceedings for the naturalization of citizens
since the 4th da)r of July, 186S. It mi^ht as
of July, 1868, throughout the United States, is
absolutely null and void. That would have
been a more honest, and, in my opinion, an
equally legal and constitutional provision as
the one which this bill now contains.
The eighth section gives to a district attor-
ney the power to summon any man at his
pleasure to come forward and prove the valid-
ity of any certificate of naturalization which
may be attacked or impugned by any person
upon any information, and that information
conveyed by affidavit, and that affidavit not
punishable in case it is false—itgives a district
attorney power to compel the holder of that
certificate to produce it in court on some con-
venient day to be named by the judge. lie
may have this rule, of course, and an}' man
may by this measure be called lrom his home,
and forced, regardless or his business, regard-
less of his health, regardless ot his poverty, to
travel hundiedsof miles to prove—what? 'I hat
the paper he has is not a forgery and a coun-
terfeited certificate of naturalization. He may
be required—
To show cause why such certiiicate or other paper
should inn, be adjudicated false, forptcd, frauuujenl,
or counterfeit; or if the same be otherwise in valla.
And it would go very hard if, under the
multitudinous provisions of fins bilK there
should not le some pretext of invalidity for
the want of some one of th^se thousand unne-
cessary embarrassing prerequisites which the
bill contains;
"Why lii-i or her admission as s citiren of the Uni-
ted States should not be abrogated and set aside; and
tbereiinon it shall be the duly of the juuge holdint,-
sueh court, on tiling the affidavit aforesaid, to grant
such order—
It is peremptory—
and to pive duactions for the service thereof on the
party, wherever he or she may be, as sneiiouuaemay
deem suitable and proper: and on such service Mans
made it ehnll bo the duty of iho party named m t lie
order to appear in court at the time specified and
producc such certificate or evidence of citizenship,
lodging the same with the clerk of the court, and to
submit to an examination under oath, if required by
the district attorney. touching_ the genuineness of
such certificate or evidence of citizenship.
A man who is a foreigner, imperfectly ac-
quainted with our language, it matters not how
estimable lie may be, how dignified or how
blameless bis life may be, for tile very purpose
of humiliating i proud, delicate-minded man ;
one of those who do feel insinuations and slurs
as if they were stings; a man who cannot bear
reproach or the suggestion of dishonor or dis-
credit—it puts it into the power of any skulking
vagabond who wishes to wound the character of
any estimable gentleman to make-an affidavit
simply that he has in his possession a false,
fraudulent, or unlawfully issued certificate of
naturalization ; and that man, venerable in
years, it may be, is compelled to leave his
homeaud family,and,with expense and trouble,
go before that court and be examined under
oath by a district attorney and to swear that
he is not a forger or a counterfeiter of United
States certificates!
Sir, there is a possibility of oppression in
this bill from which I revolt. 1 f a man chooses
to sit down and imagine what wrongs may be
done lie can pass laws ad infinitum and then
fall short. The infinite variety of human affairs
can never be covered by a statute. Here arc
these special laws, imagining offenses and put-
ting tiiem in such shape as will permit, en
unjust, and partisan oSicial not on'y to inter-
fere with the happiness, the property, the busi-
ness of anv individual, but likewise to throw
upon him the ignominy of being ciiaiged. falsely
though it may be, with some iidkmous oifetise.
And if such pa.rty shall fail to appear at. tile time
specified m the order and submit to tiio examination
aforesaid; or if he or she—
For if, seems women even are to be included
in this law, for the purpose of siiil further
aggravation—
shall fiil to pro-lace sue!, e.erlifirate or evidence
aforesaid, or to show that the samo w.is no' pur out
ot his or her po*sep^i<>ii or r^'sr, with. lutcnt to
defeat slid proc-eedmt?, he, or phe, shall bo deemed
gailty of a oontGiiipt, fnd sliiil '>3 rum-Lied therefor
by imprisonment until ho, or .-ho, Mi.dl ownly wnii
suchorderor hedi^char^ed'-y iheeoqrt. But d may
be shown that bwAx eernfie-ite <>r other evidencv/d'
citizenship has been lost or do-drryed; :ind the uu-
triet attorney may produce air. orbcr competent evi-
dence to tdiow tli.it such cercdk-ue or other iunor io
not <:cnuino or v or th 11. the p Lrtv iudor.j the
court whs not. at the date ctsozx-oi, entitled ><> he
admitted a citizen of the United es under tha
law a thereof then existing.
There is one fuel burs which shows the spirit
cf tins bill, in the seventh line. It declares
that the possession by any person, male or
female, of a certificate cf naturalization—
or n paper purporting to be evidence tlnt sueli per-
son. '.r onj" V orson. has been admitted ac-itiren ol the
United States, and purporting also to have been
i.-sued by ^ome comraisMOuer or court, tftatc or n-i-
t*. o: d, holdin:? his o; it? sc-dmi*. within the;udi'd.d
di^ri'T f«T winch sur-h attorney act?, and thr>t hy
verily believes that such certificate was kno*wn?:iv
procured or obtained contrary to thetrue intent and
meaning cf the laws exiting at the da«.o there.d—
then that person shall be summoned. Now,
see the practical operation of this: it is Lhe
custom of tbe class of men who become our
naturalized citizens, being, as I have stated
befoie, generally poor men who come here to
butter their fortunes and to escape the oppres-
sion of some less favored hind, to deposit, i :u\r
certificates of naturalization in charq^ of their
wives. It is the "goodwife who takes oha^e
of all these matters of vahie for her hard-work-
ing husband. And yet thi* la*v will permit an
aiiidavit to be made by any peir-oa that tonie
poor woman ha& in her possession the cernii-
oate of naturalization of her absent husband--
he may be a sailor in the service ot the United
States upon some distant station; he may_be_a
soldier engaged that day in exposing!)).? 1'de in
the service of the country—upon the alle^'ilion
thai rhe; the proper custodian oi thirf cu'tili-
