1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3437
Mr. SHERMAN. The charge is one half
of one per cent.
Mr. HOWARD. That comes out of the
vender of the bullion, does it not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. So that the whole expense
of minting our coin falls upon the owners or
venders of bullion ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Instead of falling in an
equal weight upon the whole people of the
United States?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senators from the
Pacific coast are determined to thrust upon
this appropriation bill a discussion of all the
various questions arising out of our coinage
system, I am entirely prepared to give the
Senate all the information they want on the
snbject, aud to do so fully; ljut it is a very
diilicultand a very complicated subject, involv-
ing the loss of considerable revenue and a
change in our laws—laws established for many
years. It involves questions of great embar-
rassment, which are presented to and are now
uuder consideration in the Committee on Fi-
nance in a bill revising the whole mintage law.
I have avoided replying to observations made
here in regard to this subject simply because I
do not wish to thrust this debate on this appro-
priation bill. The proposition of the Senator
from Oregon I think is right, and I think it will
promote the interests of the Government; but
when you come to touching all the charges for
coinage, you then present a question of great
embarrassment and of great difficulty, which
will involve us in a long discussion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
states a fact now which illustrates the impro-
priety of putting this sort of legislation on an
appropriation bill. I was about to say that
under these circumstances I felt like appealing
to the Senator from Oregon to withdraw his
proposition and let it come ap on the general
bill which regulates the Mint. He can see that
there is hardly any end to this discussion.
Mr. NYE. I have insisted from the first
that the amendment offered by the Senator
from Oregon would open up this whole subject,
and as there was a bill that appertained to it,
where it is germane and legitimate, it ought to
be reserved for that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the honorable Senator
from Maine had resisted general legislation
upon this bill in the beginning, and had applied
some principle to it, of course his appeal to me
would be much more plausible than it is; but
here have been propositions put on this bill for
the expenditure of millions of dollars, while
this is a proposition to save hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars to the United States, legiti-
mately connected with this part of the bill; and
this is objectionable because somebody is dis-
posed to discuss it! Now, I want to remind my
honorable friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye] that
the other day when I tried to get this propo-
sition np as a separate bill he objected and
would not allow it to come up in that shape, so
that it seems to me he ought not to object to
this amendment.
Mr. NYE. I objected the other day, and
was overruled. But if the honorable Senator
from Oregon expects to get this proposition
through without discussion, or if the honor-
able Senator from Maine thinks it justifiable in
me to see a whole bullion community sacrificed
without discussion, he is mistaken. If this
measure is to be thrust on this bill, and I be
denied the chance to discuss it fully, I shall
feel that I have not been fairly dealt by in
regard to a matter of great importance to my
constituents.
I repeat now, sir, that this whole thing per-
tains to the bill regulating the minting of the
country. There is where it ought to be tried,
 nd at most to postpone it for that bill can
delay it but a few days. I am willing that it
shall be considered there; but I am not willing
that it shall pass, and I do not intend that it
shall, without fnll and fair discussion.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Nevada
yield to me ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I shall claim the privilege of
discussing this matter if it is to b& pressed to
a vote. I think it my duty to do so. It is a
matter of very considerable interest to my con-
stituency, a matter of very great consequence
to the part of the country that produces gold
and silver. That is a commodity for which
there is a market the world over; it is the same
everywhere. This coinage charge I regard as
unjust; but so far as excluding refining from the
Mint is concerned I believe it to be not proper.
Mr. CORBETT. This is a very important
subject, and it seems to me it should not be
passed upon without due consideration. A
mining community is composed of men very
jealous of their interests, and very jealous of
having their bars refined at private establish-
ments.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to inform my col-
league that two thirds of the gold and silver
produced on the Pacific coast to-day are refined
at private establishments upon the application
of the miners.
Mr. CORBETT. I have had some dealing
as a merchant with the miners, and I know
from experience that they are not satisfied with
private assays, and that their desire is always
to have their coinage done at the United States
Mint.
Mr. STEWART. This does not provide for
private assays.
Mr. CORBETT. This question of unparted
bars is a question of giving the entire amount
of this bullion to private establishments. They
have the right now to compete for it. They
can offer to do it as private individuals, and
if the miners can do better by giving it to them
they will give it to them. They now have the
right to give their bullion to the United States
Mint. They take their choice, either to give
it to a private establishment or to the United
States Mint. This is a proposition to deprive
them of that right.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that it is to
give the exclusive right to a private establish-
ment who are doing a large portion of this
business of purchasing bars. This measure
should not be disposed of without proper dis-
cussion and proper consideration. I desire
to offer some remarks upon it if it is to be dis-
cussed now. To obviate the objection of the
Senator from Ohio to the amendment offered
by the Senator from California I would offer
this amendment:
Provided, That hereafter the coinage charge of
one half of one per cent, is and shall be hereby
abolished.
That confines the abolition simply to the
coinage charge. Every One knows that if the
coinage is $20,000,000 the charge is only
$100,000; if it is $30,000,000 it is only
$150,000. I understand from the Senator from
Ohio that the gold coinage was only about
twenty-one of twenty-two million dollars dur-
ing the past year; but the nickel, silver, and
other coinage is larger.
I do not mean to reflect upon the present
assayers of the Mint, because I have no reason
to do so; but supposing the assayer is dishon-
est, and he desires to make the bars of less
value than they really are; in other words, if
the fineness of the gold is 900, and he chooses
to make it 800, and stamps it 800, he can
thereby defraud the miner out of that differ-
ence, making the bar coarser than it really is,
and then if it is turned over to a private estab-
lishment the private establishment makes that
much out of the miner or the person who sells
the bar. There might be such collusion. I
think this measure should be properly guarded
in that respect. I understand there is no check
in a case of that kind. Under the present
arrangement all this work is done in the Mint.
It has to go through all the various checks of
the Mint, and it is shown by the amount of
alloy and the fineness of the bar how much it
ought to produce according to the assay, and
if it does not produce according to the assay
there is a check upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator evidently
misunderstands this proposition. My amend-
ment provides for all those checks in every
respect. There is no possible way in which
any collusion can be resorted to by which the
miner or any one interested in bullion can be
harmed. It simply provides for the exchange
of unparted bars for refined bullion whenever
in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and Director of the Mint it is for the ad-
vantage of the United States to make the ex-
change. The refining is a business that is done
in the Mint and is done for the Mint. The
refining outside of the Mint is done by private
establishments.
Mr. CORBETT. If my colleague will show
me where that check is I should like to see it.
I have conversed with the gentlemen who have
this matter in hand at the Treasury Depart-
ment, and they tell me that there is no such
check; that if an assayer is dishonest and he
assays a bar lower than it really is, and it is
disposed of to a private establishment at that
low rate, the private establishment reaps the
benefit of it. Now, who is the loser? The
miner who deposits his gold loses that amount
of money and the private establishment gains it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is precisely the case
now. When a miner takes his gold to the Mint
he receives a certificate. The gold is assayed,
and he is paid his coin upon the assay made by
the Mint at the time; and after that the bullion
is put in with the other bullion of the United
States and melted up together. After the assay
is completed and the coin is paid the miner then
has nothing more to do with the bullion. He
is not concerned about it. There is just as
much check under this proposition as there is
now. Assuming that the assayers of the Uni-
ted States will cheat the miners and make a
false assay, they can do it precisely now as they
can under this amendment.
Mr. STEWART. A collusion might occur
between the assayer and refiner all the same.
And I will state to the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Cokbett,] having had some experience in
this matter, that it is common among miners
who are doing any business to have an addi-
tional test of their own. Most of them have
their bars assayed before they take them to the
Mint.
Mr. NYE. I hope it will not be forgotten
that I am entitled to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair remem-
bers that the Senator from Nevada is entitled
to the floor; but he yielded it to the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. STEWART. I have not occupied very
much time.
Mr. CORBETT. I think I understand this
business just as thoroughly as the gentleman
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] does. I repre-
sent a mining community, the same as the Sen-
ator from Nevada does. I have had dealings
with these miners. I have sold them goods;
I have purchased their bars. I know that they
are in the habit of having their assays made at
home by private assayers frequently; but as a
general thing they are not satisfied with those
assays, and they send the bars to the United
States Mint. I deny that there is the same
opportunity for collusion when all this business
is done by the United States Mint. From the
moment the gold is presented there, and in
going through the various departments, there
are checks upon it, and when it is coined it is
ascertained from the fineness whether it pro-
duces the requisite amount of coin. If you
allow the bar that is stamped and assayed by
the United States Mint to be turned over to a
private refiner,>hat security is there? I f it is
