1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1549
Mr. AXTELL. I more to amend by adding
to the paragraph the words, " to be expended
under the direction of the Library Committee
of Congress."
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The effect of this amendment would be to
change existing law which attaches the
care of the experimental garden, &c., to the
Department of Agriculture.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment would
change existing law the Chair will sustain the
point of order. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee cite the law which this amendment would
change?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not have here the
law establishing the Agricultural Department;
bat the Chair will see at once that the amend-
ment proposes to take the experimental garden,
«fcc., from under the control of the Agricultural
Department, and give it to the committee of
the House which has charge of the Botanic
Garden.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is any existing
law regulating the distribution of this money
the Chair will sustain the point of order.
Mr. DAWES. It will be easier to vote
down the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; I withdraw
the point of order.
Mr. Axtell's amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For repairs of building, farnitare, fences, and
water, $1,200.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
that paragraph by striking out "$1,200" and
inserting " $1,800." I very much, regret that
a word cannot be said in favor of this amend-
ment.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
For keep of horse, $400.
Mr. BOYD. I move to strike out that par-
agraph.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I think the com-
mittee have fallen into an error in respect to
this item. They have provided for " keep of
horse, $400." They have six horses down
there, and less than $1,500 will not keep them.
They had $1,500 last year, and I hope the com-
mittee will increase the amount.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to strike
out the word "horse" and insert "horses,"
and to strike out" $400 "and insert" $ 1,500.''
The amendment was rejected—ayes thirty-
one, noes not counted.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I now move to
strike out " $400 " and insert " $1,400."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
20, noes 63 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Loughkidge
and Mr. Kelsey were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
For paper, twine, and gram for folding-room, $500.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out that
paragraph. The items are provided for else-
where.
The amendment was agreed to.
^ Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to insert after
line nine hundred and twenty-two "forinci-
dental and miscellaneous expenses, $3,000."
I am exceedingly sorry that I cannot have an
opportunity of showing the committee how
necessary that is.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
„ For collecting and modeling specimens of fruits,
81,000.
Mr. BOYD. I move to strike out that para- |
graph. !
The amendment was rejected. |
The Clerk read as follows: j
For cases for the Library, $500. '
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
that clause by striking out" $500" and insert-
ing " $800."
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
For collections for tho herbarium, $500.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
that clause by striking out "$500" and in-
serting "$1,000."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I now ask unani-
mous consent of the committee to go back to
page 30, to the paragraph beginning on line
eight hundred and seventy-one. During my
temporary absence yesterday the committee
passed the following paragraph:
For surveyor general of Utah Territory, $3,000,
and the clerks in his offioe, $4,000; and so much of
section three of the act of March 2, 1805, as estab-
lishes the office of recorder of land titles in Missouri,
is hereby repealed, and the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is herewith direoted to cause
the archives and muniments of said office to be
transferred to the office at Washington.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
please indicate what he wishes.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. 1 desire to strike
out all after "$4,000," and to insert "for
salary of the recorder of land titles in Mis-
souri, $500."
Mr. BEAMAN. I must object to that.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentle-
man object to an amendment asking for no
appropriation, but providing that the papers
may be left in St. Louis?
Mr. DAWES. I think the amendment the
gentleman now indicates had better be made,
so that the records may be kept at St. Louis
without expense.
Mr. FILKELNBURG. I send my amend-
ment to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the words "the office at Washington,"
and insert in lieu thereof the following: "suchoffi-
cer as the State of Missouri may designate for that
purpose: Provided, That the authorities of the
United States shall forever have free access to the
archives, records, maps, and other papers aforesaid."
Mr. FINKELNBURG. If the committee
will give me their attention for a few moments
I will attempt to explain thia amendment.
Mr. DAWES. There is no objeotion to the
amendment.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Yery well; then I
will not say anything more.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend this bill
by inserting just before the clauses-relating to
the Post Office Department that which I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided however, That the appropriation herein
forseeds.bags, statistics, paper, twine, andgum shall
not be used, if the bill now pending, or any other
bill, for the abolition of tho franking privilege shall
become a law before the 1st dajr of July, 1870.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose it will not be
in order for me to discuss this amendment, but
it seems to me that members must see the
wisdom of it
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Post Office Department:
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
$8,000; three Assistant Postmasters General, at $3,600
each; superintendent of money-order system, super-
intendent of foreign mails, chief of division Of dead-
letter office, $2,-500; chief clerk, $2,200; three chief
clerks, at $2,000 each; additional to ono clerk of class
four, as disbursing clerk, 1200; twelve clerks of class
four, fifty-one clerks of class three, forty-five clerks
of class two, twenty-three clerks of.class one, fifty
female clerks, at $900 each; ten folders, $7,200; ono
messenger, at$840; and three assistants, at $700 each;
nine watchmen, at $720 each; fifteen laborers, at $720
each; twenty-five clerks in dead-letter office, at $800
ea«h: and for temporary clerk3, 110,000; making, in
all, $331,620.
Mr. BEAMAN. I have been instructed by
the Committee on Appropriations to move
some amendments to perfect the paragraph
just read. I therefore move to insert after the
words "superintendent of money-order sys-
tem," the words " $3,000 and also to insert
after the words "superintendent of foreign
mails" the words "$3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to further amend
the paragraph by striking out " twenty-three "
andinserting " fifty," before the words "clerks
of class one." I will state in reference to this
amendment that if it shall be agreed to by the
committee I will then move to strike out the
clause "and for temporary clerks, $10,000."
If those amendments shall be adopted, then
the clerical force of the Post Office Depart-
ment will be put upon the same footing for the
coming fiscal year that it is for the present
year. It will be recollected by gentlemen that
by the act of the 10th day of April, 1809, we
appropriated $32,000 to the Post Office De-
partment for temporary clerks for the present
year. Now, if we shall strike out the item of
$10,000 for temporary clerks, and increase the
number of clerks of class one from twenty -
three to fifty, the Department will be placed
on the same footing for the coming fiscal year
that it is for the current fiscal year.
Mr. ARNELL. I would like very much if
the gentleman would give us some explanation
of the necessity for this amendment.
Mr. BEAMAN. I have done so ; and if the
gentleman will listen I will again endeavor to
explain it.
Mr. ARNELL. We did not hear the explan-
ation here.
'1 he question was upon striking out "twenty-
three " and inserting "fifty" before the words
"clerks of class one."
Mr. BEAMAN. As I have already stated;
if this amendment shall be adopted I will then
move to strikeout the item of $10,000 for tem-
porary clerks, thus putting the clerical force
of the Post Office Department upon the same
footing for the coming fiscal year as for the
present year. In April, 1869, we made a defi-
ciency appropriation of $32,000 for temporary
clerks ; for the coming fiscal year we propose
to make no appropriation for temporary clerks,
but to put them on a permanent basis. It was
considered by the Committee on Appropria-
tions as much more desirable, and it was also
satisfactory by thePostmasterGeneral. There-
fore, if we give fifty clerks of class one in-
stead of twenty-three, and thetf strike out the
item of $10,000 for temporary clerks, asl said
before, we shall leave the clerical force of the
Post Office Department for the ensuing year
upon the same basis that it was for the present
year. We have made an estimate that $32,000
would be just about the difference between
twenty-three and fifty clerks of class one. I
should also state that when the present incum-
bent came into office he found a large number
ofclerksthenin the Office, who were discharged.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man what difference his amendment would
make in the sum appropriated?
Mr. BEAMAN. It wilt roak6 «0 difference
at all, or if it does, the difference will not be
more than $100. We made a computation so
as to put the matter on precisely the present
basia with reference to expense. The amend-
ment, it is true, makes an apparent difference
of something like twenty-two thousand dol-
lars ; but as I said before, it must be borne
iti mind that we gave the Postmaster General
as a deficiency an appropriation of $82,000
for temporary clerks for the present year,
which does not appear in this bill. So that
this amendment places the Department for the
next year upon the same footing that it is on
for the present year.
Mr. ARNELL. If the amendment makes
no increase in the expenditure I will not
oppose it.
Mr. BEAMAN. It makes no increase beyond
the expenditures of the present year.
Mr. ARNELL. I wish the gentleman would
state whether the amendment increases the
amount proposed to be appropriated by this
bill.
Mr. BEAMAN. It does; but it does not
