5326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
line four hundred and thirty-two, page 18, of
the bill, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, inserted the following
section:
And be it further enacted, That a vote of thanks by
Congress to any officer of the Navy shall be held to
affect such officer only; and when, as an incident
thereof, an officer who would otherwise be retired
has been or is retained on the active list, such reten-
tion shall not interfere with tbe regular promotion of
othors who would otherwise have been entitled by
law to promotion; and where any officer has already
been retired to a grade lower than he would have
been had the provisions of this law been in force, he
shall be entitled to the same provision as if they had
been in force at the time of his retirement: Provided,
however. That no promotion shall be made to fill a
vacancy occasioned by the final retirement, death,
resignation, ordismissal ofan officerwho has received
a vote of thanks unless the number of officers left in
the grade whore the vacancy occurs shall be less than
the number authorized by law.
Mr. ANTHONY. This amendment has been
passed in a separate resolution, and therefore
it is not necessary to concur in it.
Mr. DRAKE. It has been enacted already
in another bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment is the one adding sections to the
bill relative to the pay of officers of the Navy.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senator to give
way for an instant, as I am obliged to leave the
Senate. I desire to give notice that this even-
ing, immediately after the disposition of the
Army bill, which 1 believe is the subject-mat-
ter of the evening session, I shall endeavor to
call up Senate bill No. 083, authorizing mail
steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico between
the port of New Orleans, Louisiana, and cer-
tain ports of the republic of Mexico. 1 only
desire to say that this bill has been on the
Calendar for some time. It was reported by
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and I had supposed that it was made a special
order with the Oriental steamship bill last
evening. The Oriental bill, it will be remem-
bered, was recommitted to that committee.
Thus, practically, the portion of the country
that I, in company with other members from
the South, have the honor to represent has had
no hearing whatever on these important bills
to restore commerce between the South and
Central and South America, interrupted by the
war and virtually destroyed.
This is so important a question that I shall
ask tbe Senate to give us a short time to con-
sider this bill this evening, not intending by
any means to prejudice the bill of the honor-
able Senator from California, except that this
bill was reported first; it has precedence, and
1 think it is quite as important to that portion
of the country I represent as his bill is to the
Pacific coast, and 1 think I can show that it is
more important.
Mr. COLE. 1 sincerely hope my friend from
Louisiana will not place in conflict his bill with
the one 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that this is not a subject of debate,
no question being before the Senate in relation
to it.
Mr. COLE. I will not debate it; but I hope
to-night we may get up the Australian steam-
ship bill, which is of immense importance to
the whole country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tbe naval
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee on Naval Affairs, by
striking out from and including the twenty-fifth
line, on page 5, to the sixty-first line, and
including that, on page G. The object of the
amendment is simply to leave the pay of offi-
cers of the grade of lieutenant and under as it
exists by the present law.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the honorable
Senator that if he intends only to go up as high
as the grade of lieutenant his amendment, as
stated, goes higher, and includes lieutenant
commanders. ,
Mr. DAVIS. No, it does not include lieu-
tenant commanders.
Mr. DRAKE. Beginning at line twenty-five,
on page 5, includes lieutenant commanders.
Mr. DAVIS. I was mistaken. It should
begin at line thirty-three. That subject was
up in Committee of the Whole, and I made
some few remarks upon it at the time. I called
upon my honorable friend representing the
Committee on Naval Affairs for an explana-
tion. He urged very plausibly that these offi-
cers were all young men, and it was necessary
to train and school them into good moral
habits, and therefore they should not be in-
dulged with too large pay; that it was a matter
of mischief and positive evil to young men to
have too much money, in all of which I concur.
It is exceeding sensible and philosophical.
But my honorable friend stated that the old-
est lieutenant in the Navy was but twenty-five
years of age. I suppose that his attention was
attracted to those officers in the Navy who
were transferred from the Naval School; but
there are a great many men in the Navy of the
grades embraced by my motion who are much
older than twenty-five years. I will read to
the Senate a very short communication which
I have received, dated the 25th of June, from
a lieutenant in the Navy. He says :
"I notice in the Globe that in reply to your re-
marks in regard to lieutonants in the Navy Mr.
Brake sas-s tho oldest lieutenant is not more than
twont.y-fiveyearsof age. I am thirty-four, and there
are on the Register seventeen more, all of whom,
with two exceptions, are older than myself. We are
not graduates of tho Acadcmy, but earno into the
Navy from the volunteer service. Xhave been going
to sea seventeen years, and most of the others of
whom I speak have been a longer time at sea. X
writo this for your information."
Mr. DRAKE. The name?
Mr. DAVIS. Edwin 11. Miller. My honor-
able friend will perceive that there is a class
of officers in the Navy who did not graduate
at the Naval Academy, but who have risen
from the mercantile marine or from service in
the military marine as common sailors to their
present grades of rank. These men, accord-
ing to this statement, are a little in advance of
middle life. They are men of merit; they are
seamen, not only by profession, but by practice;
they have learned the arts of seamanship by
serving for nearly twenty years before they
were admitted into the naval service of the
United States. Such men are the most valu-
able of all seamen where they are meritorious.
They know what seamanship is. They have
become proficients in it. It was my fortune
some twenty-five or thirty years ago to become
acquainted with a seaman who was then a cap-
tain in the Navy, and who was one of the most
distinguished captains in the Navy, who had
served in very humble capacities in the war of
1812. He was a veteran ; he was covered with
scars, and he was admitted by the whole ser-
vice to be the best seaman of all the officers in
tho Navy. 1 have no doubt that among the
most valuable officers in the -Navy, the most
competent for command and for service, and
who have the most general and reliable inform-
ation in relation to their profession, are men
who have risen from the condition of common
seamen.
Here in the grade of lieutenants there are
thirty-odd. The one who writes to me is thirty-
four years of age, and he says he expects the
whole class are older than himself; that is, so
many of the class as have risen from the mer-
cantile service, or from the condition of com-
mon sailors to their present condition of office
and of rank. I ask my honorable friend, and
I ask the committee if men of their age and
their position ought to be reduced in their pay
from the rates established by law as they now
exist?
Here is Mr. Miller, here are hi? associates ;
they are hardy sons of Neptune; tney entered
the service as sbip-boys, as common sailors.
They were men naturally of mark, of mind,
of courage, of decision, of force of character
to make their way in the world, even in the
competition of the Navy, and to climb, step by
step, to the places of honor and of distinction.
After they had reached and passed the meri-
dian of life, is it justice to these hardy tars to
reduce them to the rates which the amendment
of the honorable Senator and of the Committee
on Naval Affairs would reduce them to? The
present rate is: lieutenants, at sea, $2,500 : on
shore duty, $2,000 ; on leave or waiting orders,
$1,600. is not that little enough for such men ?
How much of that would it take to support a
lieutenant at sea, with the habits and customs
of his class and his grade of office? At least
$1,500. When he goes to sea upon the service
of his country as far as the wind blows and the
waves of the ocean roll, and he leaves his fam-
ily behind him, and it requires $1,500 of his
pay to maintain him in anything like decency
in his class as a lieutenant, is it not too small
a pittance to leave his family away in his native
land when he is tossed upon the billows, and
has to brave the terrors of the battle too when
the battle comes—is it not ungracious to him
to say that his family shall have less than $1,000
to live upon?
The proposed rates for the same officers are :
at sea, $2,200; on shore duty, $1,900; on leave
or waiting orders, $1,500. Masters under the
present rates have $2,000 when at sea; on
shore duty, $1,600; on leave or waiting orders,
$1,280. Ensigns, $1,600 when on duty at sea.
$1,280 on shore service; and waiting orders
or on leave, $1,024. Midshipmen by the pres-
ent rates have $800 at sea; on shore, $500.
Mates, $960 for service at sea; $800 on shore
duty, and $640 on leave or waiting orders.
Are not these very moderate rates for the sub-
sistence of men who have families? Why, sir,
these men are certainly entitled to as much
money for their services as the clerks in our
Departments who receive $2,200 a year.
1 think that the Congress ofthe United States
in its sense of justice, of duty to the public
service, ought to allow to these subordinate offi-
cers of the Navy what would be fairly enough
to allow them a decent subsistence. The rates
I have read do not leave any surplus after
the most frugal and decent subsistence of the
various classes of officers.
I trust the honorable Senator from Missouri
and his committee will recede from their posi-
tion in relation to these subordinate officers of
the Navy and permit the present very moder-
ate rates to remain untouched.
Mr. DRAKE. If I understand the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky, it is to
strike out the portions of the pay-table here
which relate to lieutenants, masters, ensigns,
and midshipmen, and to insert a provision that
their pay shall continue hereafter as it is now.
I would simply say to the Senator that the
Naval Committee have expended weeks of the
most careful, painstaking, and considerate
work that they could bestow on anything on
this pay-table; and looking over the whole
ground of the relations of different grades to
each other, and of the relations of the indi-
viduals to the service, they have come delib-
erately to the conclusion that the pay-table that
is presented in their amendment here is the
very best and most just and equitable that they
can devise. I say now to the Senator from
Kentucky that if his proposition should pre-
vail he, instead of being the friend of these
officers, will discover in the course of a few
years that he has rendered them a most essen-
tial disservice. The rates of pay which the
junior officers of the Navy have been receiv-
ing have been without any parallel for magni-
tude in the history of naval service in the
whole world, and out of all proportion to the
rates of pay given to the higher officer?, upon
