4382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
his own deliberate order, in one day, of upward
of six hundred and fifty prisoners of war.
A summary trial, with few if any escapes from
conviction, followed by immediate execution,
is the fate of those arrested on either side, on
suspicion of infidelity to the cause of the party
making the arrest.
Whatever may be the sympathies of the peo-
ple or of the Government of the United States
tor the cause or objects for which a part of the
people of Cuba are understood to have put
themselves in armed resistance to the Govern-
ment of Spain, there can be no just sympathy
in a conflict carried on by both parties alike
in such barbarous violation of the rules of civ-
ilized nations, and with such continued outrage
upon the plainest principles of humanity.
We cannot discriminate in our censure of
their mode of conducting their contest between
the Spaniards and the Cubans. Each commit
the same atrocities and outrage alike the estab-
lished rules of war.
The properties of many of our citizens have
been destroyed or embargoed, the lives of
several have been sacrificed, and the liberty
of others has been restrained. In every case
that has come to the knowledge of the Govern-
ment an early and earnest demand for repara-
tion and indemnity has been made, and most
emphatic remonstrance has been presented
against the manner in which the strife is con-
ducted, and against the reckless disregard of
human life, the wanton destruction of material
wealth, and the cruel disregard of the estab-
lished rules of civilized warfare.
I have since the beginning of the present
session of Congress communicated to the House
of Representatives, upon their request, an ac-
count of the steps which I had taken, in the
hope of bringing this sad conflict to an end,
and of securing to the people of Cuba the
blessings and the right of independent self-
government. The efforts thus made failed,
but not without an assurance from Spain that
the good offices of this Government might still
avail for the objects to which they had been
addressed.
During the whole contest the remarkable
exhibition has been made of large numbers of
Cubans escaping from the island and avoiding
the risks of war, congregating in this country
at a safe distance from the scene of danger
and endeavoring to make war from our shores,
to urge our people into the fight which they
avoid, and to embroil this Government in com-
plications and possible hostilities with Spain.
It can scarce be doubted that this last result
is the real object of these parties, although
carefully covered under the deceptive and
apparently plausible demand for a mere rec-
ognition of belligerency.
It is stated on what I have reason to regard
as good authority that Cuban bonds have been
prepared to a large amount, wlio^e payment is
made dependent upon the recognition by the
United States of either Cuban belligerency or
independence. The object of making their
value thus contingent upon the action of this
Government is a subject for serious reflection.
In determining the course to be adopted on
the demand thus made for a recognition of
belligerency the liberal and peaceful principles
adopted by the Father of his Country and the
eminent statesmen of his day, and followed by
succeeding Chief Magistrates and the men of
their day, may furnish a safe guide to those
of us now charged with the direction and con-
trol of the public safety.
From 1789 to 1815 the dominant thought of
our statesmen was to keep the United States
out of the wars which were devastating Europe.
The discussion of measures of neutrality be-
gins with the State papers of Mr. Jefferson,
i when Secretary of State. He shows that they
are measures of national right as well as of
national duty ; that misguided individual citi-
zens cannot be tolerated in making war accord-
ing to their own caprice, passions, interests,
or foreign sympathies ; that the agents of for-
eign Governments, recognized or unrecognized,
cannot be permitted to abuse our hospitality
by usurping the functions of enlisting or equip-
ping military or naval forces within our terri-
tory.
Washington inaugurated the policy of neu-
trality and of absolute abstinence from all for-
eign entangling alliances, which resulted in 1794
in the first municipal enactment for the observ-
ance of neutrality.
The duty of opposition to. filibustering has
been admitted by every President. Washing-
ton encountered the efforts of Genet and the
French revolutionists ; John Adams, the pro-
jects of Miranda; Jefferson, the schemes of
Aaron Burr; Madison and subsequent Presi-
dents had to deal with the question of foreign
enlistment or equipmentin the United States;
and since the days of John Quincy Adams it
has been one of the constant cares of govern-
ment in the United States to prevent piratical
expeditions against the feeble Spanish-Ameri-
can republics from leaving our shores. In no
country are men wanting for any enterprise
that holds out promise of adventure or of gain.
In the early days of our national existence
the whole continent of America (outside of the
limits of the United States) and all its islands
were in colonial dependence upon European
Powers.
The revolutions which from 1810 spread
almost simultaneously through all the Spanish-
American continental colonies resulted in the
establishment of new States, like ourselves of
European origin, and interested in excluding
European politics and the questions of dynasty
and of balance of power from further influ-
ence in the \Tew World.
The American policy of neutrality, important
before, became doubly so from the fact that
it became applicable to the new republics as
well as to the mother country.
It then devolved upon us to determine the
great international question at what time and
under what circumstances to recognize a new
Power as entitled to a place among the family
of nations, as well as the preliminary question
of the attitude to bo observed by this Govern-
ment toward tiie insurrectionary party pend-
ing the contest.
Mr. Monroe concisely expressed the rule
which has controlled the action of this Gov-
ernment with reference to revolting colonies,
pending their struggle, by saying :
"As soon as the movement assumed such a steady
and consistent form as to make the success of the
Drovincos probable, the ricchts to which they were
entitled by the laws ot nations as equal parties to a
civil war wore extended to them."
The strict adherence to this rule of public
policy has been one of the highest honors of
American statesmanship, and has secured to
this Government the confidence of the feeble
Powers on this continent, which induces them
to rely upon its friendship and absenee of de-
signs of conquest, and to look to the United
States for example and moral protection. It
has given to this Government a position of
prominence and of influence which it should
not abdicate, but which imposes upon it the
most delicate duties of right and of honor
regarding American questions, whether those
questions affect emancipated colonies or col-
onies still subject to European dominion.
The question of belligerency is one of fact,
not to be decided by sympathies for or preju-
dices against either party. The relations be-
tween the parent State and the insurgents must
amount,in fact, to war in the sense of inter-
national law. Fighting, though fierce and pro-
tracted, does not alone constitute war. There
must be military forces acting in accordance
with the rules and customs of war, flags of
truce, cartels, exchange of prisoners, &c.;and
to justify a recognition of belligerency there
muslbe, above all, a de facto political organiz-
ation of the insurgents sufficient in character
and resources to constitute it, if left to itself, a
State among nations capable of discharging the
duties of a State, and of meeting the just re-
sponsibilities it may incur as such toward other
Powers in the discharge of its national duties.
Applying the best information which I have
been able to gather, whether from official or
unofficial sources, including the very exagger-
ated statements which each party gives to all
that may prejudice the opposite or give credit
to its own side of the question, I am unable
to sec in the present condition of the contest
in Cuba those elements which are requisite to
constitute war in the sense of international
law.
The insurgents hold no town or city, have
no established seat of Government; they have
no prize-courts, no organization for the receiv-
ing and collecting of revenue, no sea-port to
which a prize may be carried, or through which
access can be had by a foreign Power to the
limited interior territory and roouutain fast-
nesses which they occupy. The existence of
a Legislature representing any popular con-
stituency is more than doubtful.
Iu the uncertainty that hangs around the en-
tiro insurrection there is no palpable evidence
of au election of any delegated authority, or
of any Government outside the limits of the
camps occupied from day to day by the roving
companies of insurgent troops; there is no
commerce, no trade, either internal or foreign :
no manufactures.
The late commander-in-chief of the insur-
gents, having recently come to the United States,
publicly declared that " all commercial inter-
course or trade with the exterior world has
been utterly cut off;" and he further added,
"to-day we have not ten thousand arms in
Cuba."
It is a well-established principle of public
law that a recognition by a foreign State of
belligerent rights to insurgents uncler circum-
stances such as now exist in Cuba, if not justi-
fied by necessity, is a gratuitous demonstration
of moral support to the rebellion. Such neces-
sity may yet hereafter arrive; but it has not yet
arrived, nor is its probability clearly to be seen.
If it be war between Spain and Cuba, and be
so recoguized, it is our duty to provide for the
consequences which may ensue in the embar-
rassment to our commerce and the interference
with our revenue.
If belligerency be recognized the commercial
marine of the United States becomes liable to
search and to seizure by the commissioned
cruisers of both parties ; they become subject
to the adjudication of prize courts. Our large
coastwise trade between the Atlantic and the
Gulf States, and between both and the Isthmus
of Panama, and the States of South America
engaging the larger part of our commercial
marine, passes, of necessity, almost in sight
of the island of Cuba. Under the treaty with
Spain of 1795, as well as by the law of nations,
our vessels will be liable to visit on the high
seas. In case of belligerency the carrying of
contraband, which now is lawful, becomes lia-
ble to the risks of seizure and condemnation.
The parent Government becomes relieved from
responsibility for acts done in the insurgent
territory, and acquires the right to exercise
against neutral_ commerce all the powers of a
partyto a maritime war. To what consequences
the exercise of those powers may lead is a ques-
tion which I desire to commend to the serious
consideration of Congress.
In view of the gravity of this question I have
deemed it my duty to invite the attention of the
war-making power of the country to all the
relations and bearings of the question in con-
nection with the declaration of neutrality and
granting of belligerent rights.
There is not a de facto government on the
island of Cuba sufficient to execute law arid
to maintain just relations with other nations.
Spain has not been able to suppress the oppo-
sition to Spanish rule on the island, nor to
award speedy justice to other nations or citi-
zens of other nations when their rights have
been invaded.
There are serious complications growing out
