3438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
stamped at a less value than the real worth of
the bar, and that is wholly, as I understand it,
with the assayer, the miners can be defrauded
to that extent. Now, the mining community
are a community who are very mistrustful.
They should have the privilege of these assays
and the unparted bars of the United States
Mint just as they have now; and if they choose
to sell their unparted bars to private establish-
ments they have the privilege of doing it.
Mr. STL WART. Let me ask the Senator
one or two direct questions. Did a miner ever
get anything but the assayed value at the Mint ?
Does he not have it assayed there and get the
money for the assay ?
Mr. CORBETT. He gets the money there.
Mr. STEWART. What has he to do with
it after it is assayed and the value stamped and
he gets his money ? Is there any check that
benefits him?
Mr. CORBETT. 1 will ask the Senator who
gets the benefit, provided the assayer assays
a bar at less than its value and stamps it at
less than its value ?
Mr. STEWART. The assayer who steals it,
and nobody else.
Mr. CORBETT. No,sir; the Government
of the United States gets the benefit of it, be-
cause that goes into the coinage, and they
know exactly what that produces.
Mr. STEWART. Not a particle of it.
Mr. CORBETT. The fineness of the bar is
Btamped upon it, and they know exactly how
much coin that bar will produce.
Mr. STEWART. No assayer does that un-
less he intends to steal it, because no assayer
returns in more than he is required to do,
and he never has done it in the history of the
world. That would be mere larceny, and you
have no check against that larceny now any
more than you would have under a different
state of circumstances, and not as much, be-
cause the refiner is in the same room with the
assayer in the Mint, and there is not as good a
check as if the refiner were separated from the
assayer. That is one of the reasons why this
measure is better for the miner because it fur-
nishes him more security.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that it goes
from the assayer and the refiner to the coiner.
The coinage produces a certain amount of coin,
and they know whether that coin is the requi-
site amount according to the stamp on the bar
or not. It is stamped of such a fineness and
worth so many dollars; and if it does not pro-
duce that many dollars, then it is a cheat, or
if it produces more than that it is for the advan-
tage of the Government of the United States.
Now, I understand that in this process by the
United States Government but one cheat has
been ascertained with regard to this assaying,
and that was in regard to the certificates. One
of the men who received the certificates of the
fineness of the bars marked the fineness of
those bars on those certificates and sold them
to private assayers, and they found that it was
not of that fineness. The Government was
thereby defrauded to the extent of about twelve
thousand dollars, I think. That was discovered
from the fact that they could go back to the
assayers and compare the certificates of fine-
ness done by one of the clerks. The fraud was
thereby discovered and prosecuted.
Now, it is necessary to have this whole pro-
cess pass through the entire machinery of the
Government in order that there shall be proper
checks. If the miner desires that, let him
have the privilege of it. If he desires, after
it is refined by the Government, to sell his bar
to this private corporation, he now has that
privilege; and they are doing, I presume, a
large portion of this business. They want to
force the entire amount of it into that estab-
lishment. Thatis the object of this measure.
I am of -the opinion that it should not pass
without proper examination, proper guards,
and proper checks.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish tcrmake one state-
ment. It is insisted here that my amendment
should not pass without a proper examination.
Sir, it has been examined by two Secretaries of
the Treasury. It has been examined time and
again by the Director of the Mint. It is recom-
mended by Dr. Linderman and Mr. Knox, who
are special agents in connection with the Mint.
The Committee on Retrenchment last summer
in San Francisco examined the subject and
took testimony, and are in favor of this meas-
ure. It has twice or three times been exam-
ined by the Committee on Finance, and once
passed the Senate; and now it is objected that
it ought not to be passed because it has not
been sufficiently considered.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator desires to make
a speech I will give way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I merely desired to an-
swer that objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to have
the fourth rule of the Senate read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thur-
man in the chair.) The rule will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
"4. No Senator shall speak more than twice in
any one debate on the samo day without leave of
the Senate, which question shall be decided without
debate."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In order to
facilitate business, I call upon the Chair now,
and during the progress of this bill, to hold
the Senate to that rule. It applies to nobody
in particular on the floor at tne present time,
ana therefore I have thought that this is a proper
time to call attention to it.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the Senator will
insist upon that rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is entitled to the floor,
and the Chair is not aware that he has spoken
more than once on this question.
Mr. NYE. I have not spoken once yet,
because I have not got through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
whether it applies to the honorable Senator
or not. He knows, doubtless. But I thought
this was a good opportunity to make the point.
I know he can bear it.
Mr. NYE. It is a good rule, and I will
abide by it. I now yield for a moment to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.]
Mr. SCOTT. If this debate has satisfied the
Senate of anything, I think it has satisfied them
of the impropriety of disposing of this question
on this appropriation bill; and if anything fur-
ther were needed to satisfy the Senate of that
impropriety I have in my hands what I think
would do so. Many Senators are aware that
there is upon the files a bill introduced by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance to reg-
ulate the mints, assay offices, and coinage of
the United States, and as bearing upon that bill
I had put in my hands this morning the proof-
sheets of a very lengthy report made by the
Deputy Comptroller of the Currency. Two
heads of that report I find embrace the very
subjects which we are discussing, namely,
'' the anthority to exchange unparted bars for
refined bullion," and "the repeal of the coin-
age charge." I have not had time to read this
report, put in my hands for another purpose
than bearing on this question; but I have no
doubt there is contained in this report inform-
ation npon these two questions which would
be of great importance to the Senate in dis-
posing of the point now incidentally raised upon
an appropriation bill. I trust, in order to give
Senators time to examine this report when it
shall come in and be placed upon our tables,
if the amendment is insisted on, it will be voted
down, and the matter can then be taken up in
the place where it properly belongs, in connec-
tion with that bill for the purpose of regulating
the Mint, and the coinage, and all charges in
relation to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. All that is in a report
which has been upon our tables here for more
than a month.
Mr. SCOTT. We have not had the benefit
of seeing it in this form if it has been in other
forms.
Mr. STEWART. It has been on the tables
all winter.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand there is some
other additional information that has been
received from the Treasury Department.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is all in favor of the
passage of the amendment I have offered.
Mr. NYE. Now, Mr. President, I desire
the attention of the Senate for a moment, 1
said the other day, in discussing this question,
that it was not a question new to the Senate at
all. It has been considered almost every year
for the last three or four years. Congress in
1869 provided by special enactment—
"That theMintof the United Stntcs nnd branches
shall continue to refine gold and silver bullion; and
no contract to exchange crude or unparted bullion
for refined bars shall be made until authorized by
law."
Mr. STEWART. Is not that in an appro-
priation bill ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; and my honorable
colleague helped me to put it there very ear-
nestly.
Mr. STEWART. No; I did not put it
there.
Mr. NYE. Yes, you did. Mr. President,
that was the solemn judgment of this Senate
one year ago. It was the solemn judgment of
those who advocate the opposite policy now.
I should like to know what has occurred to
change the judgment of the Senate upon that
question ? We are told that new light has been
thrown upon it by the Committee on Retrench-
ment and Reform. I should be very much
obliged to that committee if they had called
some witnesses that I could have suggested, or
if they had let me know when they were invest-
igating the subject, so that I could have had
some witnesses examined upon it. I never knew
until now, until informed by the honorable
Senator from Oregon, that it was a subject of
inquiry by that committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
my friend if he states to the Senate that the
parties who were before the committee were
not trust worthy witnesses ?
Mr. NYE. I have not said anything about
it. But there was no cross-examination, and
I can find men who entertain exactly the op-
posite opinion. Let me ask the honorable
chairman of that committee now, with the
utmost kindness, if he examined a witness who
was not in favor of it?
Mr. PATTERSON. In favor of what ?
Mr. NYE. In favor of this parting outside.
Mr. PATTERSON. Oh, yes.
Mr. NYE. Who?
Mr. PATTERSON. If it were necessary, I
could read you the testimony of several wit-
nesses.
Mr. NYE. That is an answer sufficient for
my purpose. Then there was a contrariety of
opinion ; and if the honorable Senator from
Oregon declares the opinion of the committee,
then he gives us the judgment of the commit-
tee, or the majority of it, that this ought to be
done.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not know that
I understood the question of the gentleman
properly.
Mr. NYE. It is not a matter of any conse-
quence. I ask the honorable Senator if he
examined any witnesses who were opposed to
separating outside of the Mint?
Mr. PATTERSON. All whom we exam-
ined were in favor of refining outside the Gov-
ernment establishment.
Mr. NYE. That answers the question. That
is what I supposed ; and I could produce as
many witnesses to testify on the other side.
Therefore, there is no balance to be struck.
They called only such witnesses as they were
informed of, I presume. I find no fault with
them.
Mr. PATTERSON. We generally take that
