238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
The feeling that the oivil service of the United
States stands in absolute need of a thorough
reform is every day growing more universal.
I am aware that the problem is extremely diffi-
cult of solution. I certainly do not indulge in
the presumptuous belief that the scheme em-
bodied in this bill is the best that can be devised
or that it contains all that is desirable. There
are many Senators around me who are my
seniors and superiors in age, ability, public
service, and legislative experience. Perhaps
they will suggest valuable improvements, and
no pride of opinion will prevent me from accept-
ing them. Let this plan be commended to their
candid consideration.
I do not know whether a bill like this has in
this Congress any flattering chances of success.
The obstacles which such a reform will have to
encounter and overcome are not unknown to me.
In any event, the friends of this reform are re-
solved to try in good earnest, and we shall ask
in time of the Senate a faip hearing, which I
have no doubt will be granted with the respect
which so important a subject deserves.
I now move that the bill be printed, and re-
ferred to the joint select Committee on Retrench-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
NEGOTIATIONS WITH UREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Jicsolved, That the President of tlio United States
be requested tocomiuunioato to tho Senate, if in his
opinion not incompatible with tho public interests,
eopies of any correspondence botween the United
States and Great BritainconcerniiiKfiuestions pend-
ing botweon l!io two countries since the rejection of
the claims convention by tho Semite.
RUPOH'l'S ON ALASKA
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution :
llc«olvd. That the Socrotaiyof the Treasury bo
mutes! ed to eonimunicato i.> the Senate a copy of
tho recent report of Captain Bryant on Alaska.
By unanimous consent, tho Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the resolution by including tho report
of Treasury Agent Mclntyrc.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator know
anything about that ? 1 do not, 1 know about
1 his, and honce I have offered the resolution.
Mr. MOitlULL, of Vermont, 1 do know
about it; and 1 move to amend tho resolution
by including the report of Treasury /Ygent II.
II. Mclntyie.
The amendment was agreed to.
J he resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
ninth cbnsus.
Mr. SIIERMA N. 1 now move to take up for
the_purpo.se of reference House bill No. 424.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 424)
to provide for taking the ninth census of the
United States.
Mr. CONKLING. i move to refer the bill
to the Committee on the Revision of the Laws
of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rec-
ognizes the'Senator lrom Illinois.
Mr. 'J RUMBULL. 1 have sought the floor
for the purpose of moving that the Senate pro- '
ceed to the consideration of executive business. |
, -^r- SUMNER. I was about to move that
tno Senate resume the consideration of the bill i
relating to the telegraphic cables. I think it
will not, create any further debate. !
Mr. 1 I1UMBULL. I think it will. i
Mr. SUMNER. It is very important that
it should be acted on.
Mr. RAMSIii. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow us to go into execu-
tive session. There is a great deal of business
that has accumulated there that ought to be
disposed of. Perhaps we can come out in an
hour.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator sure of that?
Mr. RAMSEY. I think so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Illinois claimed the floor and the Chairawarded
it to him. Does lie yield to the Senator from
Massachusetts ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 made the motion that
we go into executive session. I was willing to
hear a suggestion from the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts
The VI CE PRESIDENT. The Senator with-
draws his motion temporarily to hear a sug-
gestion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has made
liis suggestion.
Mr. SUMNER. The simple suggestion I
make is that this bill has been already once
before tho Senate. The Senator from New
York made a suggestion the other day which
he is prepared to embody in an amendment
which I am ready to accept, and I am not
aware that there is a disposition to discuss it.
It is a practical measure which ought to be
acted on before the holidays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any probability
that it can go through the other House?
Mr. SUMNER. There is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have an executive session.
Mr. RAMSEY. In executive session we
have business certainly as pressing and import-
ant as that of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. If this bill shall be debated
I will not press it now. The Senator may then
make his motion for an executive session. I
hope the Senator will give mo an opportunity
to have a vote on the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is to be no dis-
cussion on it I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 115, in regard
to telegraph cables. Is that the bill?
Mr. SUMNER. It is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I am quite in sympathy
with the bill which the Senator from Massachu-
setts proposes to take up. Do not let us, how-
ever, go into the consideration of it without an
understanding that we shall consider it deliber-
ately and make it right. I do not suppose it
will lead to much discussion, but there are some
suggestions to ho made about it, so that it will
not pass without consideration as it is now. I
think with the Senator it is an important bill
and ought to be considered, but I do not think
we had better take it up at this time with the
idea that it is to be passed in a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have already stated that
the Senator from New York has a proposition
which he has submitted to me to which I find
no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. That will dispose of one
feature of the bill. There is another feature,
however, upon which there will be some dis-
cussion, no doubt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being so, I renew
the motion that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
_ The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business the doors were reopened.
cuban affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 8th instant,
information in regard to the progress of the
revolution in Cuba, and the political and civil
condition of the island ; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
state of georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Pres-
ident of the United States :
To the Senate of the United States:
I hereby request the return of such part of my
message of December 9 in response to Senate reso-
lution of December 6, requesting the reports of the
military commanders of tne district of which Georgia
is a part, to wit, an anonymous letter purporting to
be from " a Georgia woman," which paper by acci-
dent got with those called for by the resolution, in-
stead of in tho waste basket, where it was intended
it should go. U. S. GRANT.
executive mansion,
washington d. c., December20,1s69.
On motion by Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That the letter indicated in the foregoing
message of tho President be returned to him by the
Secretary; and that, in printing tho message of the
9th of December, the anonymous letter be withheld
from publication.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 20, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the
State of Maine, for bills and joint resolu-
tions for reference to their appropriate com-
mittees, and not to be brought back by mo-
tions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
free system of banking.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
610) providing for a free system of national
banking ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
united states judge for texas.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 611) to provide a United States
district judge for the eastern district of Texas ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
levi h. roberts.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
012) granting a pension to Levi M. Roberts :
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
children of nathaniel emerson.
Mr. FERRISS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 613) for the relief of the children of
Nathaniel Emerson; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the same
committee.
bail in oiyil and criminal cases.
Mr. TANNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
014) to regulate the taking of bail in civil and
criminal cases and the examination of offend-
ers ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States, and ordered to be
printed.
new york and european steamship lines.
Mr. HILL introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 90) declaratory of the act entitled "An
act to provide for an American line of mail
and emigrant passenger steamships between
New York and one or more European ports,"
passed July 27, 1868; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
jacob j. countryman.
Mr. CESSNA introduced a bill (H. R. No.
615) for the relief of Jacob J. Countryman ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
