APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15,
Ho. of Heps.
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Willard.
41st Cose....2d Sess.
earn, lia-3 in her possession a false and fraudu-
lent. paper she may be summoned, in his ab-
be nee, brought up, committed for contempt,
and mat ecitilicate discredited in the absence
of the only person who could properly explain
how it came in his possession. This is part of
ihe benevolent and beneficent machinery of;
this law to purify the masses of naturalized
citizens of this country! And, sir, it has, as
most, of the sections I have already commented
upon show, this incurable defect, and I may
Fay absurdity, that it permits you to contro-
vert the facts alleged by a record, by parol
testimony—a proposition that was never heard
in nny court of justice.
You would suppose, sir, that such a power
as I have named should at least be exercised
by a court -if competent jurisdiction, and by
some judge of learning who had a sense of his
responsibility, and whose dignity of office
would itself be some safeguard that the powers
intrusted to him should not bo abused ; but
what do we find subsequently in this section?
I'mci,(Hl.tur(hcr, That the judge holding such court
may i etc aey c.'e-o .nisuig under this section to 0110
ut t he commissioners named ill this act for trial and
adjudication, who m:iy cxcreisoall thepowors herein
eonteri'cd upon tiio court itself, except to punish for
contempt.
Not only may a judge punish a man for con-
tempi i ii not obeyi tig a summons because he does
not choose to believe what the party charged
may aver in regard to the loss or destruction
of this paper, but, this is done: an American
citizen is to lie imprisoned without the inter-
vention of a trial by jury, and imprisoned, too,
for mi infamous offense, for tins alleges the
possession, with intent to use it, of a forged in-
rtruiiieiil,; and you absolutely delegate such
power as that, to some potty commissioner who
is to be n unied liy the court. Therefore you will
ha\o the reputation and the personal safety of
the naturalized citizens of this country or their
wives, rioters, or children dependent upon the
decision of some commissioner to be detailed
by a judge to hear a ease that he may not have
lime or tasle to consider. I trust,when suclia
e.ise us that arises, the writ of habeas corpus
will not be i ef'used, but that there will be some
relief to these poor people given not contem-
plated by this KiaUito.
1 have nothing to say about, the very serious
penalty attached to the use or the attempted use
nl'a certificate of naturalization, knowing it to
be forged or counterfeit; because, while I would
see iliis franchise fieely and liberally bestowed,
I would give it, subject tostringentresponsibili-
ties for its misuse; and although 1 think the
opera! ion of Uus is frequently defeated by pen-
nines tooseveie, yet. at the same tune J would
no! ci iiiciso this bill on that account, it hero
pi.niii, s haul labor for a term of not less than
one year or not exceeding two years, and aline
not exceeding .S 1,000, or bofli, for a simple
misdemeanor.
In section nine, at, lines lilfy-five and fifty-
six, 1 find another provision, which 1 utterly
II pi obate:
It' ton- per?™, uilhout lawful excuse, (the proof
yie-'ol shntl lit' on the pcismi accused,) shaltknow-
i o;"y fi.u c ut' he no-sensedot any false, forged, o,- coun-
u-i is'it cr.riiticaic, \ c.( ' - 1 he shall
be adjudged ;;aiii \ el a misdemeanor.
Jleie we find that, the proof of the lawful
< \eu<" uf any mini who shall have or be pos-
se ->it of any counteifeil certificate, shall lie
ii,- .n him. This piesuraptiou of guilt, instead
' ' >:> 'lOeenee m one that has mai ked a good
.'l"i i he b'gi latiou of Ccngi ess for the past
' ''i '-,v >'U'b; and yet it is a proposition
! iiy ic, iin- teeth ol the beneficence of the
■ ion iiwt.om which our best institutions
'Pawn. No tna r should be presumed
! / ■ i:::ii his guilt be proven; but this law
i 1 e!;!■■>-: of u similar character are simply a
i,".', i'M'i of those beneficent principles of law
j.ndcv which the institutions of this country
Now, sir, after all this has been gone through
with, and a man is compelled to prove himself
innocent, after all this embarrassing machinery
has been put ip operation to prevent his acquir-
ing the right of citizenship, there remains yet,
another obstacle, and that is to make it so
expensive that it puts it out of the reach of
almost all of that class who desire to avail
themselves of it. Section eleven regulates the
fees as follows:
For taking and filing or for filing the declaration
of intention of any alien to become a citizen and
the affidavits relating thereto, fifty cents; for de-
termining whether tho alien shall or shall not bo
adjudicated a citizen.SI 50; for each day's- scrvico by
any commissioner in taking testimony, six dollars,
and at that rate for any portion of a day of eight
hours.
We have seen in former sections that these
commissioners may in their discretion adjourn
those hearings from time to time; may sum-
mon as many witnesses as they please; may be
as dilatory as they see lit in taking testimony,
and this testimony, mark you, is not to be taken
upon the application of the person who desires
to become a citizen, but may be forced upon
him by any one disposed to embarrass or test
his right to become a citizen, and the taking of
it may be extended from time to time; and this
six dollars per diem may thus amount to almost
any sum, for four or five days or six weeks
at six dollars per diem; there is no limitation.
This bill, therefore, enables any unscrupulous
person utterly to crush this right of application,
and turn it into an absurdity, by making it so
expensive that not one man out of five thou-
sand of those who desire to become citizens
can avail themselves of it, by reason of tho
expense.
Further, there is an additional batch of fees
in the twelfth line :
That tho snmo fees shall bo allowed for authen-
ticated copies of proceeding* in naturalization as arc
allowed lor liko services to United State3 commis-
sioners.
And then is an act of grace entirely unne-
cessary to him:
No fco shall bo allowod for issuing a certificate
of naturalization.
I should hope not, sir. 1 think after this
poor foreigner has gone through this mill of
fees and has been subjected to this long delay,
and compelled to go into a system of proof
which his ignorance of our laws, customs, and
language would render him utterly unlit to do,
or else to employ some one as counsel whose
service shall cost liiin a great deal of money,
it would be mere cynicism to say that ho should
not pay for tho certificate to be issued under
it. There is no necessity ; ho had paid for it,
already in a sum which, on the average alone,
would amount, to more than ten times what at
present it costs for a man to procure his certifi-
cate of naturalization.
Section twelve then provides—
That in any city having upward of twenty thou-
sand inhabitants it shall bo the duty of thojudgo of
tho circuit or district court of the United states for
the circuit or district wherein said city shafl bo, upon
tho application of two citizens, to appoint in writing
for each election dibtrict, or voting prccinct in said
city, and to change or renew said appointment as
occasion may require, from timo to time, two citi-
zens resident of tho district or precinct, ono from
each political party, who, when so designated, shall
bo. and are hereby, authorized to attend at all limes
and places fixed for the registration of voters, who
being registered would be entitled to vote for ltepro-
sentntive in Congress, and at atl times and places for
holding elections of ^Representatives in Congress,
and for counting tho votes cast at said elections, and
to challenge any name proposed to be registeicd,
and tiny vote otiercd, and to bo present and witness
throughout the counting of all votes, and to remain
where the ballot-boxes are kept at all times alter tho
polls arc open until the votes arc finally counted;
and said persons aud either of them shall have the
right to nfiix their signature or his signature to said
register for purposes of identification, and to attach
thereto, or to the certiticato of tho number of votes
cast, and statement touching tho truth or faii-
ncss tbcicof which they or he may ask to attach; and
any ono who shall prevent any person so designated
from doing any of the acts authorized as aforesaid,
or who shall hinder or molest any such person in
doing any of the said aets, or shall aid or abet ia
preventing, hindering, or molesting any such person
in respect of any such acts, shall be guilty ot' a mis-
demeanor, and on conviction shall be punished by
imprisonment not less than one year.
Here we have another attempt to embarrass
the action of election officers; and when it is
proposed to choose one man from each polit-
ical party—remember that it constantly occurs
there are breaches in the parties and that
more than two candidates are running—what
provision is there for such a case ? Simply the
opportunity to appoint two persons whose com-
bined object shall be to defeat a third; and they
are to attend all elections and to challenge all
votes—and this power is not given to challenge
votes simply on.account of a violation of this
act, but a general power to challenge—and bo
appointed for every election district; and two
men are therefore to oversee and interfere
with the elections in all tho States!
[At this point Mr. Bayard was interrupted;
and after a conversational debate the further
consideration of tho bill was postponed for a
week.]
Independence of Cuba.
SPEECH OP HON. C.W. WILLARD,
OF VERMONT,
In the House op Represextatives,
June 15, 1870.
The llouso having under consideration tho joint
resolution (II. It. No. 3^9) in relation to the contest
between the people of Cuba and tho Government of
Spain—
Mr. WILLA11D said;
Mr. Speaker: I rise to-day to speak not, for
Spain nor the Spaniard; not for tyranny nor
despotism on the American continent or else-
where; not for Cuba nor the Cubans ; nut tor
the Cuban junta, which for nearly two jrais
has had its organizations in Nov/ York and
Washington; not for liberty and equal lights
for other lands or other peoples; but 1 rise heie
to ask the serious and careful and candid atten- ■
tion of the Representatives of the American
people to the grave question that has been
presented to its by the message from the
President read in our hearing two days ago,
and by the reports which have been made to
this body from the majority and from tho
minority of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
When the chairman of the committee, at the
commencement of his very able speech yester-
day, said that this was a question which must
be settled, that it was a question which would
force itself upon our attention month after
month and year after year until we settled it
finally and forever, I gave to that expression
my cordial assent. I am in favor of a settle-
ment of the question, and of such a settlement
as will remain l'or all coming time. But such
a settlement will not be reached by estab-
lishing by our action the new and strange doc-
trines urged by the majority report. Whatever
may be pressed upon our attention in behalf
of tho Cubans, what wo need most to look at,
and what, we ought to be governed by, are the
propositions of international law which have
been established almost from the very found-
ation of our Government, which have been
decided over and over and over again ; and the
rccord of those decisions, clear and uniform,
is found all through oar diplomatic correspond-
ence with foreign Powers from our earliest
political history. These questions have been
settled by the declarations of our Executives
from the time of Washington to the present
period ; they have been more than ever settled,
they have more than ever received the decisive
judgment of tho American people within the
last six or eight years.
These propositions involve questions of the
utmost gravity, because the relations wli/-;.
one nation sustains to the Government of any
