1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5327
whom have devolved and do continue to de-
volve from day to day the heavy responsibilities
of the Navy.
Mr. President, I do not wish to occupy the
time of the Senate with going into the details
of this matter ; but I desire to call their at-
tention to only one point. The Senator from
Kentucky complains of the deficient pay of a
lieutenant. Now let us look at what it was in
1881. When on duty at sea in 18G1 the lieu-
tenant got but $1,500. Now we propose to
pay him during his first five years $2,200.
Under the pay-table of 1861 he could get no
increased rate of pay until he had seen seven
years' sea service, which meant ten years after
the date of his commission. Now we propose
to give him an increased pay at the end of five
years from the date of his commission, and
then make it $2,400.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to ask my honorable
friend, is or is not the cost of subsistence and
support at least double what it was in 1861 ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, Mr. President; but let
the honorable Senator from Kentucky bear in
mind this one fact: that when an officer goes
to sea all the pay he draws while at sea is
gold, and not in greenbacks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal to my
honorable friend not to discuss this matter, but
let us vote.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to use the time
which I know is so precious to the honorable
Senator from Maine; but 1 do hope that after
the Naval Committee have spent weeks of
patient effort to make this pay-table what it
ought to be, for the good of the service and the
officers, the rates in it will not.be disturbed by
a vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. DAYIS. I feel it incumbent on me to
ask for a division on that amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected—ayes nine, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is one
amendment not yet passed upon, on which I
now ask a vote.
The Chief Clerk. On page 13, after the
word " dollars " m line three hundred and two,
the Committee on Appropriations propose to
insert:
Provided, That no retired officer of the Navy shall
hereafter be assigned to duty of any kind, or be enti-
tU-;l to receive more than the pay and allowances
provided by law for retired officers of his grade, and
alisuch assignrnentsheretofoiemadeshallterminate
within thirty days from the passage of this act, and
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this pro-
vision are hereby repealed.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust this amendmentwill
not receive the assent of the Senate. The retire-
ment of officers now is arbitrarily made, I think,
at the age of sixty-two. The common experi-
ence of mankind shows that the very highest
powers of the human intellect are frequently
developed after that age. The strongest com-
mentary to be found of the unwisdom of such
a provision was in the case of the application
of the statute of the State of New York which
at one time forbade judges to remain on the
bench after sixty, and the case of Chancellor
Kent under it is well known by all of us as
illustrating the unwisdom of such a rule. His
great work—his Commentaries upon American
Law—was written and given to the country after
the period at which the laws of his State had
declared him incompetent to perform judicial
service.
Not only do I think that the country would
be a great'loscr by thus excluding itself from
the services of these highly experienced offi-
cers, retired under an arbitrary rule, but that
here by a law yon should exclude the nation
from the benefit of these brave and accom-
plished gentlemen wpuld seem to me most
inexpedient, considering it only in that light.
But there is something else equally objec-
tionable ; that is, that the law is open to the
charge of ingratitude. You declare that this
class of men, who have proved their efficiency,
whose experience is such that the country
should at least get some benefit by it, shall be
stigmatized (for a stigma it becomes) as no
longer fit to perform the duties which they
have heretofore proved to you their compe-
tency to perform. I should be utterly unwill-
ing to lose the benefit of the counsel and the
abilities of the very class of men now proposed
to be put upon the shelf like old and worthless
lumber, even in the cold view of public neces-
sity; but there is another view of injustice
toward them, and, as I say, of ingratitude.
I trust that the Senate will not agree to (his
amendment, and that the country will still have
the opportunity of obtaining, whenever and
wherever needed, the services of this class of
officers.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Delaware
has expressed the objections to this amendment
so tersely and in such happy terms that I would
not say another word about it but for one thing,
that perhaps this amendment may obtain some
strength in the minds of Senators because there
has been passed heretofore an act forbidding
the employment of retired Army officers, and
it may be in the mind of some Senators that
the same rule should be applied to Navy offi-
cers. 1 wish to show the difference. It con-
sists simply in these two facts: first, that no
officer is put upon the retired list in the Army
except for incapacity, or upon his own request,
after forty years's service; while officers are
retired in the -Navy at a fixed time arbitrarily,
without reference to their physical or mental
capacity to perform the duties of their station.
This shows that the rule applied to the Army
should not be applied to the Navy. The cir-
cumstances are altogether different, and the
positions of the men totally unlike. Sir, from
my knowledge of the Navy and naval men, I
say to the Senate that if it shall adopt this pro-
vision it will deprive the Government of the
knowledge and experience and practical wis-
dom of some of the finest officers that the
Government of the United States has ever had ;
and men who are at this time, though retired,
eminently as well qualified for the shore duty
that the law authorizes them to be assigned to
as they ever were before in their natural lives;
physically not qualified for long cruises, to the
rough and tumble of sea life, but bodily and
mentally as well qualified to-day for shore duty
as they ever were, and in the very height of
their mental capacity and their accumulated
professional knowledge.
Now, Mr. President, of all the two hundred
and one retired officers of the Navy, part retired
by this arbitrary rule of law, part retired be-
cause of physical or mental disability, only
seventy-eight are on duty anywhere at all.
About one third of them the Government finds
available room for in the discharge of duties
in the Navy or connected with the Navy, and
I suppose there never was a greater proportion
than this.
1 submit to the Senate upon what principle
it will convert all these officers on the retired
list into mere pensioners at half pay and de-
prive the Government of the opportunity of
ever making their services available at all. If
they are capable of rendering service, why
should they not render service for the pay they
get? If they are not capable, let them be pen-
sioners ; but 1 invoke the Senate not to do
such a thing as to forbid the Government's
employmentof these retired officers, who, many
of them, are just as able to-day to discharge
shore duties as they ever were at any previous
period of their lives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Mains. I desire to say
one word, not to debate the question ; for if
it is not an apparent proposition to the Senate
I would rather it should be voted down than
to-take up time in discussing it. Why should
a retired officer by law be put on duty again 1
Can anybody answer that? The argument of
my friend from Missouri does not answer that.
I submit that it is in some sense an absurdity
to say that you will retire a man and yet put
him on duty. If he is retired, he is retired
because he is not fit for duty. That is the
idea, at any rate; and when he is out of the
way, when he is retired, young men standing
back have come to his place and to the place
which he would otherwise have occupied.
Then there is another objection to it, and
that is economy. Here are some seventy or
eighty, more or less, of these officers who are
retired on retired pay. They go on nominal
duty and get duty pay, and younger men are
deprived of places they are fairly entitled to.
My friend says that a good many of these
men are retired at an age when their capabili-
ties are as great as they ever were, and there-
fore it is a loss to the service. Then I say, if
that is so, he should change the standard and
retire them at a later period. It may be that
that is so; I am not sure that it is not; but as my
honorable friend is on the Naval Committee,
whose business it is to supervise this matter,
if this amendment shall pass all he has to do
is just to raise the number of years, to fix the
period a little beyond what is now fixed, and
then no injustice will be done. This was sug-
gested, not by the Committee on Appropria-
tions, but it was suggested by the Government,
and it commended itself to the sense of the
committee in the way I have spoken of.
There is one other fact that I may mention
here; I believe the honorable Senator from
Missouri has alluded to it; and that is that it
is in harmony with the rule that obtains in the
Army.
There are many other things I might say
about the inconvenience which arises from this
matter, but I will not refer to them ; it is per-
sonal, perhaps, to officers, and I refrain.
Mr. DRAKE. One word more. It is very
evident to me that my friend from Maine did
not attend to what I said. The reason why
these retired officers in the Navy should be
held subject to duty is that they are not retired
for incapacity ordinarily, for in the higher
grades they are not; but they are retired arbi-
trarily when they reach the age of sixty-two
years, retired in the full possession of their
mental faculties.
Mr. President, what would be said if a Sen-
ator were to propose an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States saying that
no man should be a Senator of the United
States after he had attained the age of sixty-two
years ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to my
honorable friend that the law should be amended
on his theory by fixing, the period at seventy
years, perhaps.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Maine that he do not press
this provision until we get the law amended in
that respect.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps if this
passes it will be an incentive to it.
Mr. DRAKE. If this amendment isadopted,
I say to the Senator that it throws out of the
possibility of employment some of the finest
officers of the Navy; men who served through
the war with great credit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well,let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think a case can
be very strong when so able a Senator as my
honorable friend from Maine can say so little
in favor of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not try
my best.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think the Senator
