1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3439
testimony which is in court; not that which
might be brought in. ,
Mr. NYE. Certainly. I repeat again, if I
shall be allowed to go on for a minute, that
last year the solemn judgment of the Senate
and House of Representatives was that this
work should be done in the mints, and nowhere
else, for Government purposes. Now, I ask
again, what has occurred since that time to
change the judgment of the Senate? Nothing,
except the persistency of those who desire to
make this change.
I was asked another question about the
amendment in regard to coinage: whether this
charge came out of the depositor. I say it does,
and it comes out of the depositor bylaw. Sec-
tion six of the act of February 21, 1853, enti-
tled "An act amendatory of existing laws rela-
tive to the half dollar, quarter dollar, dime, and
half dime," provides—
" That, at the option of the depositor, gold or sil-
ver may be cast into bars or ingots of either pure
metal or of standard fineness, as the owner may
prefer, with a stamp upon the same designating its
weight and fineness; but no piece, of either gold or
silver, shall be cast into bars or ingots of a less
weight than ten ounces, except pieces of one ounce,
of two ounces, of three ounces, and of five ounces,
all of which pieces of less weight than ten ounces
shall be of the standard fineness, with their weight
and fineness stamped upon them; but in all cases,
whether the gold and silver deposited be coined or
cast into bars or ingots, there snail be a charge to
the depositor, in addition to the charge now made
for refining or parting the metal, of one half of one
one per cent."
I call the attention of the Senate to the next
clause:
"The money arising from this charge of one half
of one per cent, shall be charged to the treasurer
of the Mint, and from time to time, on warrant of
the Director of the Mint, shall be transferred into
the Treasury of the United States: Provided, how-
ever, That nothing contained in this section shall be
considered as applying to the half dollar, the quar-
ter dollar, the dime, and half dime."
There, then, the bald fact stands out, that
this Government charges me for putting on
the face of my bullion its stamp, making it
national currency, coin, one half of one per
cent. Gold and silver being the basis, the
standard of our currency, they make me pay
fifty cents on every $100; they make me pay
directly to the United States, for making its
own coin, one half of one per cent. Sir, in
any other department of this Government such
a thing as that would almost produce a revo-
lution. What is its effect and result? The
hardy miner who delves into the depths of the
earth, and by the sweat of his brow brings up
the material out of which Government coin
is made, is charged one half of one per cent,
for giving to this Government what it claims
as its currency, its coin. Sir, I wonder it has
been endured so long. I say now to my col-
league, and I say to the honorable Senator
from Oregon, if you want to reduce the ex-
penses to the depositor, if you want to make
the process cheaper, stamp it for nothing.
There lies the remedy. It is not in swapping
bullion with A, B, and C.
I am obliged to the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] who now
informs me that the testimony that was taken
by his committee in San Francisco was all in
favor of abolishing this charge for coinage.
Mr. STEWART. I will say to my colleague
that I thoroughly concur with him with regard
to the propriety of abolishing the charge for
coinage. I am in favor of both these propo-
sitions.
Mr. NYE. I understand that.
Mr. STEWART. I want to pass them both.
Mr. NYE. But I propose to show that if
you will abolish the charge for coinage, which
ought to be done, that will cheapen the thing
bo much that there is no necessity for the other
measure. That is my view; and I think that
is the view the Senate will take. Abolish this
outrageous charge that is wrung from the pro-
ducer of bullion for the Government putting its
own impress on its own coin. There lies the
remedy for all this difficulty. Strike off the
charge for coinage, and our bullion purchasers
can compete with the bullion purchasers of the
world, for they do not claim that by this other
method they can save the one half of one per
cent. 1 agree in all efforts to cheapen this pro-
cess ; but I insist upon it that the cheapening
shall be made right, and not make this Gov-
ernment a great gold merchant for swapping
impure for pure metal, or vice versa. These
Government mints are its crucibles through
which the depositor is entitled to the guarantee
of the Government from the time his gold enters
the mint that he shall receive every dollar that
it produces.
; But we are told that the bullion is assayed
and its value is ascertained in that way. So
it is. I speak now upon the hypothesis that
the officers are honest; and I appeal to any
director of any mint if there had been a mis-
take in thatassay,and thedepositor was wronged
I by the assay, whether in the general result all
i would not get what their bullion produced?
If that is not so our whole minting system is
subject to fraudulent transactions, which I do
not believe. Sir, if you want to cheapen bul-
lion, if you want to enable our bullion dealers
to compete with the bullion dealers of England
and of the world, knock off your coinage charge,
| and then they can defiantly cope with compe-
i tition anywhere. If you want to deal fairly by
the depositors, by the men who delve night and
day—and it is all night with them, save when
they come up from their shafts and their tun-
nels—if you want to deal fairly by that set of
men, who toil by artificial light from one morn-
ing to another, take off your charge for coinage.
There lies the remedy. That is beginning
were we ought to begin. Assuming that the
statement in the book which I obtained from
! the Senator from Ohio is right, you make to
; this Government in that way $100,000, or a lit-
tle over, per year upon gold. The charge upon
I silver is higher. I ask the honorable Senator
1 from Ohio if I am not right; if the charge upon
silver is not two and a half per cent. ?
! Mr. SHERMAN. It is made up in another
! way, not in the form of a coinage charge.
; Mr. NYE. When my constituents come
I with their silver bars to the Mint at Philadel-
phia, and want them coined, two and a half
• per cent, is deducted from every dollar of the
t bullion that they bring. In behalf of that toil-
ing multitude I protest against that charge
standing upon our statute-book. I ask the Sen-
ate if they are not ready to sacrifice the $110,000
a year received in this way? No, sir; it is no
sacrifice; I withdraw the word. I ask them
whether they are not willing to yield the one
hundred and ten or one hundred and twenty
thousand dollars a year now wrongfully col-
lected in that way? Sir, let it not be said
that this Government is taxing the sweat and
toil of the toiling millions in our mines to
wring from them a pitiful half of one per cent,
upon the coin that it stamps and uses as its
currency.
Then, sir, am I not right when I say that if
you want to cheapen this Dullion and its manip-
ulation to the miner, take away your coin-
age charge? In so doing you do justice to a
worthy class of people, you do justice to the
Government itself, for the object of the estab-
lishment of these mints was to stamp this coin
and keep it in our own possession, so that it
should not be transported abroad; and the
Government should at least make that much
effort to retain it.
A single word more, sir, and I have done;
and I shall not violate the rule referred to by
the Senator from Maine. What has occasioned
this new light on this important subject? Who
has discovered that the panacea for all these
evils lies in refining or separating metal out-
side the mint? I ask the skilled laborers of our
mints if they are willing to stand up and have
it said that private establishments are doing
this business better and cheaper than they can
do it? If so, the whole minting system of this
country needs overhauling and rooting up. If
we cannot have the separating of this metal
done as cheaply in the Government offices as
it is done in private establishments, then there
is a degree of imbecility attendant upon their
management that demands investigation and
reform at once. Let it not be said that our
minting system is so imperfect that some Yan-
kee is beating it. That is all nonsense. The
only way that men can beat the Mint is by con-
trolling the mas3 of bullion ; and I repeat that
the moment this plan is adopted the mints of
this country are at the mercy of the private
refiners.
Take Sau Francisco for illustration. There
is a great establishment there. I am not find-
ing fault with the persons who control it. I
think it is quite likely I should be for it, if I
owned the machine. I do not claim to be
more virtuous than others. Take that city to
illustrate, and the mint tiiere, and what do we
find? We find that they coin more gold there
than in any other mint in the nation. It has
been a most successful mint; sometimes in
the hands of bad managers, and sometimes in
the hands of good ones. So tenacious are they
of their mint that this Government in its gen-
erosity or its justice has commenced the erec-
tion of a mint there over four times as large as
the present one. You saw it, sir, [Mr. Thur-
man in the chair.] It covers a whole square.
The argument that is used against the little
branch mint that I am trying to nurse in Ne-
vada is that arrangements are being made at
San Francisco by which they can do all this
work; that the mint there will be capacious
enough for the whole business of the Pacific
coast. And yet we are told, while yet the
corner-stone of that building is not covered,
that they acknowledge their inability to sep-
arate metal as cheaply as persons outside. Sir,
if I should go personally to the manager of
the mint at San Francisco and charge him with
that I should get a specimen of western jus-
tice administered to me between the two eyes
at once. Go and charge the manipulators of
bullion in the mint at San Francisco that they
are incapable of manipulating metal to its per-
fection, and your stay would not be comfort-
able at the mint. They would suggest to you
that you had better travel. And yet we are
told here by my colleague and others that that
stands as a settled fact. I deny it in toto.
That being the case, and the law a year ago
saying that this work should be done in the
Mint, I call upon Senators on this floor to say
whether they will reverse their judgment upon
no newly-discovered fact or upon no newly-
discovered evidence. Sir, I repeat again, there
is a bill on the files of the Senate to rearrange
the whole coinage system of the country.
This measure belongs upon that bill. If upon
full consideration, when that bill comes up, I
am convinced that this provision ought to pass,
I will vote for it; but I protest against this haste
in pushing it upon the appropriation bill, out
at least of the ordinary way, and getting a
declaration of Congress that the coinage of
our country is in hands that cannot compete
with private enterprise. If it cannot, change
it. If it is important to get this private sep-
arating establishment as a part of our mintage,
buy it and hire the help that runs it.
Now, one of two things is certain; they are
going to separate and refine in the mint at
California, or my honorable friend from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Cole] will find a motion made
here to cut down the size of his mint. One
of these two things will be donti. Why quad-
ruple the capacity of the mint and take away
half its labor? Why spend millions unneces-
sarily upon that building if the panacea for all
our woes lies in a wooden separating building
outside the city where sulphuric acid can be
used? Why, sir, sulphuric acid can be made
in my own State for a penny a pound. We
have mountains of brimstone, and it costs
nothing but to quarry and to burn it. Cannot
the mint get it as cheaply as outsiders? I can
put up a sulphuric acid facjpry for $200. All
you want is a furnace and a receiver. Sul-
