1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
The following was read :
Office of tbe Commissary General i
For one clerk of class four, oneolerk of olass three,
eight clerks of class two, fifteen clerks of class one,
one messenger, and two laborers, $34,880. For con-
tingent expenses, namely, office rent, repairs, and
miscellaneous items, $5,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I have an amendment of a
similar character to offer to this paragraph. I
move to increase the amount for contingent
expenses from $5,000 to $7,000.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of chief of ordnance:
For ehief clerk, two clerks of class four, two elerks
of olass three, three clerks of class two, four clerks
of class one, and one messenger, $18,040. Tor con-
tingent expenses, namely, stationery, $1,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I am instructed to move an
amendment to strike out in line ten hundred
and twenty-six the word "three" before the
word ''clerks," and insert in lieu thereof
"five;" so that the clause will read, "five
clerks of class two."
The amendment was not agreed to,
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend by striking
oat "four" before the word "clerks" in the
Bame line, and inserting "six;"" so that the
clause will read, "six clerks-of class ode."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of superintendent of the build-
ing oecnpied by the War Department, $250; four
watchmen and two laborers, $4,570. For labor, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items for the said building,
$10,000.
Mr. ARNELL. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out " ten" in line
ten hundred and forty-four, and inserting in
lieu thereof "five so that the last sentence
of the paragraph will read, "for labor, fuel,
Lights, and miscellaneous items for tbq said
building, $5,000."
Mr. DAWES. I hope that this amendment
will not prevail. I would be glad to make the ;
redaction if it were possible. But there is
already an item with reference to this matter
in the deficiency bill for this year.
Mr. ARNELL. I will give the gentleman
my reason for moving the amendment. The
expenditures for the Military Academy for the
last fiscal year amounted to some six hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. DAWES. This appropriation is not for
the Military Academy, but for the War Office.
Mr. ARNELL. Then I withdrawtbe amend-
ment. I
The Clerk reads as follows-1 J
For superintendent of the building occupied by I
tne Paymaster General, $250, and for five watchmen i
and two laborers, $5,290. For rent of building, $7,500.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend so that
the last sentence of the paragraph just read
will read, "for rent of building, fuel, and
contingencies, $12,250." There is a mistake
in the printed bill, and my amendment is de-
signed to remedy it. The rent of this building
amounts to $7,600 alone, leaving nothing for
the other items. The building has been rented
under a lease, after an appraisement by men
selected for the purpose, and the building
cannot be had for any less sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, I wish to put a
question to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. I observe that in several of
these paragraphs there is mentioned a '' super-
intendent of the building." I would like to
know whether these superintendents are all
the same person.
Mr. DAWES. The superintendent named
in the paragraph just read has other duties,
and for taking care of this building be gets
$250 in addition to his ordinary compensation.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I find on this one
page three several items providing compensa-
tion for superintendence of bnildings. I wish
to know whether these superintendents are all
the same person.
Mr. DAWE8. No, sir; they are not the
same person; but a laborer or a watchman is
selected to act as superintendent, receiving
additional pay for such duty, thus saving the
expense of employing a separate officer.
The Clerk read as follows :
For compensation of the chief clerk of the Navy
Department, $2,200; one fourth class clerk, (also as
disbursing clerk;) two clerks of the fourth class,
three clerks of the third class, three clerks of tho
second class, threo clerks of the first class, one mes-
senger, $340; one assistant messenger, $700; and two
laborers—S-3,330.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
■to amend by striking o«t the paragraph just
read, and inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
For compensation of tho-chief clerk of the Navy
Department, at $2,500; one disbursing clerk, at $2,000;
three clerks of the fourth class, three clerks of the
third class, three clerks of the second olass, threo
clerks of the first class, two messengers, at $840 each,
and one laborer, $24,180.
Mr. Chairman, I simply wish to state that
this amendment increases the appropriation as
reported by the committee some eight hundred
dollars. It gives the Secretary an additional
clerk and takes from him one laborer, thus
increasing the appropriation as I have stated.
In an interview with the Secretary he said that
lie did not kqow how he could get along with-
out an additional clerk. He asked for three
additional clerks, stating that the business of
his Department was behindhand. I am satis-
fied he should have this one additional clerk,
and as it only adds to the appropriation some
eight hundred dollars I hope there will be no
objection to it.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes £2, noes 30 ; no quorum voting,
. Mr. KELSEY. We may as well stop trying
to get through our business without a quorum,
and I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kelsey, and
Mr. Washburn of Wisconsin were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 94, noes 24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For chief of Bureau of Navigation, chief clerk,
one clerk of class two, one clerk of class one, and one
messenger, $8,740.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move,
after the word "messenger" to insert the
words "one laborer," and to increase the
appropriation to $9,460.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tbe Clerk read as follows:
For chief of Bureau of Ordnance, ehief clerk,
draughtsman, one clerk of class three, one clerk of
olass two, one messenger, and one laborer, $11,660.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to strike out " one" and insert "two;" so that
it will read, " two clerks of class two," and to
increase the appropriation to $13,060.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For three watchmen and two laborers-forthe build-
ing occupied by the Navy Department, $3,600. For
incidental labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous items
for said building, $6,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, I move
to strike out "three" and insert "five,"'so as
to provide for "five watchmen," and to in-
crease theappropriationfrom $3,GQ0 to $5,040.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. What is the reason
for that?
Mr. WASHBURN,,of Wisconsin. This is
a building of a combustible character, and
there is a wood fire in every room. It requires
two men to be on duty as watchmen all the
time, and the safety, of the public property
requires there should be one extra man aa a
relief.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Judiciary:
Office of the Attorney General: for salaries of
the Attorney General, two Assistant Attorneys Gen-
eral, law clerk, chief clerk, four elerks of class four,
two clerks of olass three, one clerk of class one, one
messenger, $33,140.
Mr. DAWES. I move to insert " one clerk
of class two,'' and to increase the appropri-
ation to $34,540.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Supreme Court of the United States; for the Chief
Justice and eight associate justices, §54,500.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out "eight"
and insert "nine," and after "associate" to
insert " or retired," and to increase the appro-
priation to $60,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho com-
pensation of all messengers, assistant messengers,
laborers, anil watchmen, whether day or night, pro-
vided for in this bill, unless otherwise specifically
stated, shall bo a3 follows : lor messengers, 1840 per
annum; for assistant messengers, $700 per annum;
for laborers and watchmen, $720 per annum; and
no portion of the amounts herein appropriated lor
contingent expenses shall be expended for official or
clerical compensation.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out all after
the words "per annum" where they last occur
and insert the following:
And after the passage of this act no moneys herein
or otherwise appropriated, or that may be hereafter
appropriated for contingent, incidental, or miscella-
neous purposes, shall be expended or paid forofficial
or clerical compensation; and it shall be the duty of
the accounting officers to reject or disallow all such
payments as illegal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to add the following
to the bill, as an additional section :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts, and joint resolutions and parts thereof,
making appropriations for an unlimited period, and
in which no amount is named, known as "indefi-
nite appropriations," and all acts and joint resolu-
tions or parts thereof, and all resolutions of either
House of Congress granting extra or additional com-
pensation dr pay, be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed, to take effect at tho close of the present
fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I also move to add the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
S®c. 4. And be it further enacted. That whenever
any moneys appropriated for tho use of any Depart-
ment or bureau, or for any purpose, shall remain
unexpended for one year after the expiration of the
fiscal year in which the act appropriating the samo
shall have been passed, it shall be the duty of the
person having in charge the disbursement of said
appropriation to inform the Secretary of the Treasury
of the fact; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
thereupon immediately cause said unexpended bal-
anceof appropriation to becovered into the Treasury
to the credit of the surplus fund, unless it be in said
act of appropriation otherwise provided; and all
such sums shall be covered into and restored to tho
Treasury, whether they shall stand to the credit of
any bureau in the proper books of the Treasurer of
the United States, or have been placed to any other
account, or are under the control of any officer or
•agent of any D epartment.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to make a sug-
gestion to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations as to the effect, of this section
if it passes. For instance, in .my own State
and town there is an. appropriation to build a
court-house and post office. The law of Con-
gress since 1841 requires that the jurisdiction
should be conceded. Our Legislature is now
in session. The citizens there have donated
-for this purpose about fifteen thousand dollars'
worth of land. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee op Appropriations that
this section should not be made to apply to
such a case as that.I have alluded to.
Mr. DAWES. This section, I believe, meets
the approbation of the Departments, and the
case referred to by the gentleman from Ne-
braska [Mr. Taffe] can be provided for by
legislation at any moment. And if any gen
tleman, with reference to any particular appro-
priation, desires that it shall reach beyond the
year, all that is necessary is to insert a proviso
in the appropriation bill, and it will be so un-
derstood. The object is to strike a balance
about onee in two years.
Mr. RANDALL. Just as every business
man would.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly. It is proposed by
some to strike the balance every year, but it is
•possible that such an arrangement might some-
times embarrass tbe Department. All that is
