4384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IB,
that the reduction of duties now under con-
sideration take effect on the 1st day of August,
1870, in place of the 1st of January, 1871. I
move the reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
William T. Shelor and of Martin Fleenor, of
Virginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petition of William H.
Davis and four others, of Virginia, in behalf
of William T. Shelor, of that State, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
wqs referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
reports OV committees.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1990) granting a pension to Nancy
Ann Spurgeon, widow of Josiah Spurgeon, of
Lewis county, Missouri, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that tile
petitioner have leave t,o withdraw her petition
and papers ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1991) grant-
ing a pension to Margaret C. Wells, of Lex-
ington, Missouri, moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. By authority of a sub-com-
mittee of the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, Isubmit a report upon the title of the Mem-
phis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad Company
to the land franchises granted to it by the
State of Texas, differing in a single point from
the report already made by the chairman, [Mr.
Howard ;] and ] move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There appears to be no
pending business now, and there are two pri-
vate bills on the Calendar for the relief of con-
stituents of mine, to which I do not think there
will be any objection ; and as I shall be com-
pelled to be absent Irom the Senate under per-
mission granted to the Committee on Finance
to sit during the sessions of the Senate I should
like to ask the indulgence of the Senate to take
them up now and act upon them. I do not
believe there will be a particle of objection to
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
,mittees are now in order; but the Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent to take up
two private bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give way for the
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska gave notice of his intention to occupy
the morning hour to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow these two bills to be taken up, so that
I may go on with the business of the Commit-
tee on Finance. There will be no objection
to them, and I think it will take but a few
moments .to dispose of them. If they give rise
to debate I will not press their consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further reports, the introduction of bills is in
order.
Mr. HOWELL. I desire to make some
reports from a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. HOWELL. A majority of the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 40) granting pensions to Eliza Shelton,
Nancy Shelton, Ccrena Metealf, Nancy King,
Patsev J. Shelton, Sarah Metealf, Cloa Shel-
ton, and Mary Franklin, and their children
under the age of sixteen years, have instructed
me to submit an adverse report upon it. The
minority of the committee do not agree in the
adverse report, and therefore the bill may go
on the Calendar.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. HOWELL. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Oscar Malmborg, who was colonel of the fifty-
fifth Illinois volunteers, have had the same
under consideration, and directed me to make
a report upon it. He petitions for an increase
of pension. He now receives the ordinary pen-
sion of his rank, but he asks for a pension at
the rate of $2,000 a year. Iiis services were
very important and very distinguished during
the war, as certified to by generals in command
at that time; but the committee do not feel
authorized to grant these large pensions above
what is allowed by law. On that ground they
direct me to report adversely to the petition,
not that they do not recognize his services and
his claims upon the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
883) granting a pension to John W. Salyers, a
soldier of the war of 1812. reported it without
amendment.
Mr. OSBORN. I reported some time since
from the Committee on Public Lands the bill
(S. No. 438) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in the State of
Florida, arid the bill (S. No. 592) granting lands
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in the State of Florida, but they were accom-
panied by no written report. With the permis-
sion of the majority of the Committpeon Public
Lands I desire now to submit reports on those
two bills, and I move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION SUltOEOXiJ.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 839)
amending the act entitled "An aet to grant
pensions," approved July 14, 1862, have had
the same under consideration, and direct me
to report it. back with amendments; and as
this is a bill of general interest I would be
glad if the Senate would take it, up this morn-
ing and aet upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana asks unanimous consent to proceed to
the consideration of the bill reported by him.
Is there objection?
Mr. SUMNER. What is the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A bill (S. No.
839) amending the act entitled "An act to grant
pensions," approved July 14, 1862. Is there
objection to its present consideration?
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
amend the eighth section of the act entitled
"An act to grant pensions," approved July 14,
18G2, so as to provide that the civil surgeons
appointed by the Commissioner of Pensions to
make the biennial examinations of pensioners,
which are or may be required to be made by
law, and to examine applicants for invalid pen-
sions where he shall deem an examination by
a surgeon appointed by him necessary, shall
receive for such examination and the requisite
certificate and record thereof, a fee of two dol-
lars, when the examination is made by only
one surgeon, and a fee of three dollars when
made by a duly appointed board of surgeons.
The second section requires surgeons ap-
pointed by the Commissioner of Pensions to
make examinations of pensioners, to make
gratuitous examinations ofapplicantsfor admis-
sion to the military and naval asylums, and to
furnish to the applicants the requisite certifi-
cates of such examinations. The third section
empowers the Secretary of the Interior to
appoint a properly qualified surgeon as a med-
ical referee, who shall act under the direction
of the Commissioner of Pensions, and review
all medical testimony concerning or relating
to pensioners or applicants for pensions, and
who shall advise and instruct the examining
surgeons appointed by the Commissioner as to
the performance of their duty, and whose salary
and compensation in full is to be $2,400 per
annum.
Mr. PRATT. Now I ask that the amend-
ments reported by the committee be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was in section one, line twelve, to strike
out the words "two dollars, "and insert "$150;"
and in line thirteen, after the word "dollars,"
to insert "for the board; " so that the clause
will read:
A fee of SI 00 wlien the examination is made by
only one surgeon; and a lee of three dollars for the
hoard when made by a duly appointed board of sur-
geons.
Mr. PRATT. Now I ask that the other
amendment be read.
The Secretary read the next amendment of
the committee; which was in section three,
line six, after the word "pensions" to insert
the words "in cases submitted to hipi; " and
in line nine to strike out "$2,400" and insert
" $2,000; " so that the section will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and hereby
is, empowered to appoint a properly qualified sur-
geon ns medical referee, who shall aet under the
direction of the Commissioner of Pensions, ,and re-
view all medical testimony concerning or relating to
pensioners or applicants for pensions, in cases sub-
mitted to him, and who shall advise and instruct the
examining surgeons appointed by the Commissioner
as to the pertormance of their duty, and whose sal-
ary and compensation in lull shall be S2,000 per
annum.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I observe that the com-
mittee provide that where an individual sur-
geon makes the examination lie shall have two
dollars, and when it is done by a board they
shall have three dollars. I do not understand
whether each member of the board is to get
three dollars, or whether the three dollars is
for the whole board.
Mr. PRATT. I will explain to the Senator
from Kansas. The committee have reduced
the fee of the examining surgeon from two
dollars to one dollar and a half, which is the
present law ; but they have given to the board
of medical examiners, whether it shall be com-
posed of two or three persons, the sum of
three dollars.
Mr. POMEROY. Three dollars for the
whole board ?
Mr. PRA.TT. Three dollars for the whole
board.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendments reported by the
committee will be considered as agreed to.
The Chair hears no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
BILL introduced.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leav.e to introduce a bill (S. No. 988)
regulating the manufacture of brandy from
grapes, apples, peaches, and other fruits;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to he
printed.
charges for ocean telegrams.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed xo:
Uesolvcd, That the Attorney General be directed
to inquire into the charges made by the Interna-
tional Ocean Telegraph Company upon messages
parsing over their lines, and report to the Senate if
tney are m excess of the rates allowed by the aet of
Congress approved May 5,18GC.
report of general holabird.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Mciolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to the Senate tho report of general S.
