538
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15,
Ho. of Reps,
Independence of Cuba—Mr. Willard.
41st Goto....2d Sess.
October, 1SG8. It was started, as was said by
thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks]
yesterday, under the auspices of (lie Cuban
junta m Cuba, and possibly of some benev-
olent institutions in that island, and encour-
aged, beyond question, if not materially aided,
by associations in this country. There was
noteven a pretended government in Cubauntil
May, 1809. For years, undoubtedly, the Cu-
bans had been ready whenever opportunity
offered t,o rise in rebellion. Cubans had from
time to time come to tins country and taken
ut naturalization papers here, while leaving
all their personal and real property in that
island, as the result has shown, with the evi-
dent purpose of being ready to engage in rebel-
lion against Spain, and, when they thus got
into trouble, to turn around to this Govern-
ment and demand its protection as naturalized
citizens. Rot* tweniy-one months the insur-
rection has been in existence. A pretended
government has been set up, but it lias no
local habitation although it has a name. A
number of skirmishes have been fought, afew
men have been lulled with bullets, and many
Lave (lied of disease. The native leaders of
the insurgents luive proved themselves to be
without the power to malce an army out of
roving bands of guerrillas, and all the consist-
ency and sireugtli the insurrection has had,
almost fumi liie start, it has obtained from
(he United States, and from the juntas in this
eouniiy. Kight months since the insurgents had
gained some apparent advantages, butihey did
not then hold a sea-port or any town of the
least conhequence. ttmcethen they have been
stviurrul among the mountains and in the
i'oi<\-ts Thrii pretended batiles are nothing
but mid*. They never met the Spanish troops
in buitle. Their condition to-day, by the con
If-sjou of those who have been their leadeis, is
on<  of utter demoralization, and with no hope
ofsu<'re>s except by aid from the United States.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Woon J
4'aused to bo read to-day an affidavit signed
and sworn lo by one Jordan, setting himself
up as commander-in-chief of the Cuban army,
a man who is now in this country for the avowed
purpo.se of obtaining in some way aid for the
Cuban revolution ; and this affidavit, conven
iently va u'' in its terms, endeavors to convey
the impression that there is in Cuba a govern
incut and an army which ought to be recognized
by us as belliiroreuts.
Sir, t Ins ailidavil, does not happen to be quite
? U we have from tins (.<ub;iu general. Mr.
Jordan, choosing undoubtedly lo leave Cuba
u hile he could, escaping from ih.it island, as
fJoncinl Quesuda, his predecessor as Cuban
ijt'iieiai, had done before him, arrived in New
i'oi k some time last spring, lie leported to
fin* hendijuurtfrs of the Cuban insurrection,
the junta in Nf\v Yoik, and the substance of
that report, pi iuti_d m the Now Yoik Tribune,
f hold in myliand. In thus iep'Ufc I hud some
Mgniflcaist Kiatements, to which I invite 'he
attention of the House. Fat-Is are worth a
^reat deal nunc to those who desire to come
to any correct conclusion in this matter than
any rose colored views of the condition of
afhjits on that island. If wo desire to settle
this question let us have the facts to settle it
upon j and if wo lake the testimony of a man
who is said to have been commander-in chief,
uid who J believe was the commander-in-chief
for a few months of the insurgents, we shall
not he likely to put any too dark a color upon
f be state of the insurrection. Jfl wish to get the
tacts, I should certainly prefer Jordan's state-
ment lo the warm and glowing coloring and
tb * fine pictuies presented tous by the gentle-
man from Mas.^achusetus, [Mr. Baxks.] Facts
are stubborn things. Let us see what General
Jordan says:
'"The great need of the patriots is arms, liven
Without any outride a>-o--Uui<'e the icvolution can
carry on a harassing guerrilla warfare, and ultimately
achieve the indcpcndcnce of the island. But this
will involve a prolonged war and the destruction of
all those industries fur which ttic island is famous."
" Without any outside assistance the revolu-
tion can carry on a harassing guerrilla war-
fare!" Just what it is doing to-day—just the
guerrilla warfare of roving bands among the
mountains of that island, without really any
organization as an army, without ever making
a stand in the path of the Spanish troops when
they attempt to march across the island, with-
out ever making a fight anywhere for their
homes and their wives and children. He says
again :
" The great trouble has been the want of firms and
ammunition. Last year there were landed fitty-six
hundred amis; befoiethat they only had about three
thousand; and with those weapons the patriots had
to contend against forty thousand Spanish troops.
Since last May there were landed on the island less
than fifteen hundred arms and one thousand round*,
of ammunition."
This makes in all less than ton thousand
arms which they have received from all outside
sources. Again he says:
"In the Camaguoy district the families of the pa-
triots reside on their estates, but when the enemy
appears they go into the woods. They all have houses
in tho woods as near a.-i possible to their regular
homes, and run there when an alarm is raised. Atter
the column lias passed they return. In the Orienta
society is entirely broken up. tho people living m
tho woods, often in groat dUtrosa. Both tiioio and
in Camagucy tho better class of people remain in tbo
cities."
As no one denies on this floor that every
city in that island,-every town in that island,
every village in that island is under the con-
tiol of the Spaniards, the 4' better class of peo-
ple ' cannot be hugely among the insurgents,
but remain, as Jordan says, m the towns not
engaged in the insurrection. IIo gives this
idea, of their commissariat:
" Nothing L< srovm but tho bananas, which thrive
without cultivation. IVo-di moat is abundant. .
Hogs run wild nil over tho island. Poultry is nu-
liicenus, and there are plenty of wild guinea-hens.
An army of any tuzo can be easily suppoited."
The report continues:
" (  noral Jordan has oomo to New Yoik to ascer-
tain if seme other than tho past system of warfare
cannot be inaugurated."
This is a confession that the past system of
warfare will not do; that it, has been ''played
out," to use a familiar expression ; that it will
not achieve the independence ot the island.
And now we come to the main point; here we
learn what General Jordan is in this country
foi :
"lie hopes to raise an American nucleus armiud
which tho patriot.; can rally. Then ho oun I'orui au
ai my. Under tho present sy.stein he timls it impos-
sible to do this.''
impossible," Jordansavs, to form an army
out of the materials in the island, and yet
we are pressed here with the importance of
recognizing these roving disorganized bands
as belligerents !
And then we find this statement:
"The patiiot chicfs think thev can do better each
fnrhtnu? on Ins own jwounr. Uonoial Jordan say*
that with a small body of Americans hocould break
down l his reeling and unite tho muttered forces iuto
one efleet! vo army."
Which u chief" shall we recognize? Which
of the warring factions shall we call the 11 bel-
ligerents?" Had not wo better wait until Jor-
dan and his "small body of Americans" take
control of the insurrection and recognize hmi ?
lie says again:
"Th* Cubans have no money, but they do not want
money. What they need is arms and the introduc-
tion of military method in carrying the war. In
obtaining supplies General Jordan does not propo&e
to violate the neutrality laws."
We ought to be obliged to Jordan for his con-
sideration for our laws. He does not desire to
violate them. Oh, no! lie proposes only to
come hero to Congress and get Congress to
repeal those laws! That is ail he asks. Then
we have this other statement:
"Most of the Cubans aie as resolutely bent on
independence to-day us ever they were, and are
j hopeful of ultimate success, oxpeoting to achieve it
j by the system of guerrilla war such as was successful
j in Ran Domingo.
{ "The Ouoans, unfortunately, have no capacity for
| organization, and nothing has been done in th<it
direction."
They believe, says General Jordan, that they
can achieve theirinuependence withoutu organ-
ization," and therefore tl nothinghasbeen done
in that direction." And he says further:
"Many of the Cubans arc very fine men. There is
a great deal ot enterprise among them. Many, both
men and women, aie well educated. Cuba would
form a magnificent State.'1
And now comes what I suppose ia the high-
est commendation and the highest eulogy
which can be pronounced upon that people.
He says:
"There are leaders in the Camara who would bo
ornaments to the United States Congress."
If they should come here, however, they
might find their vocation gone. They are not
needed here to present the cause of the Cuban
juntas, as other gentlemen seem quite ready to
do that for them, although they might be use-
ful, as General Jordan says, as ornaments.
They are in the galleries to day—I am in no
hurry to see them on the floor.
This statement from one who remained in
Cuba as long, unquestionably, as he saw any
hope of success for the insurrection, estab-
lishes beyond question the fact that the insur-
gents have no military organization or power.
They are broken up into bands. Jordan could
not organize an army out of them. During
the months he was in command, he says, he
lost but fifteen men killed in battle, lie shot
some of his prisoners because he had no place
to keep them in. And he left the island be-
cause lie saw there was no chance for anything
to be made out of the contest there unless he
could in some way get a 11 nucleus " of Ameri-
cans around which to organize something like
an army. And as a step toward that desirable
end, for him, he is asking Congress to say that
they will recognize as a belligerent army what
he could make nothing of as a belligerent
body.
And while I am speaking of General Jordan
I may as well say that I have heard directly
from this Cuban chief something of bis version
of aflaiis in Cuba, in a statement made in tbo
presence of several members of the Committee
on loixign Affairs; and \ desire any gentle-
man on that committee to coirect me if they
find my repetition hero of some essential por-
tions of that statement in any respect different
from their own recollection. General Jordan
was asked what this government in Cuba
amounted to. lie said they had a secretary
of the treasury; thev had their quartermaster
and their military organizations. I asked him
what their secretary of the treasniy had to do ;
whether they had any taxes to levy, whether
they raised any money in any way, and whether
they had any money in their treasury. lie
said, " Oh, no ; we levy no taxes; we raise no
money." '' But how are your troops paid? "
" We don't pay them." u Have you any com-
missary stores?" "No." "How are your
troops supplied?" 'k They feed on bananas,
and when they want any fresh meat they kill
the wild hogs that run about there in great
numbers." I naked him what he expected
would be the result of a recognition of them
by this Government as belligerents. He an-
swered very frankly and instantly to my in-
quiry, "We could sell our bonds." He agreed
that they could take arms and munitions of
war as a commercial venture now just as well
as they could after their recognition by this
Government as belligerents j that they would
be no more able then than now to get vessels
of war from this country ; that they could carry
munitions of war from this country then no
better than now. But he said their want was
money: they needed money to buyarm^. and
then they would try the commercial venture of
