1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249T
favorites, and two gentlemen from my own
State, the State of New York, were appointed
by Mr. Walker special agents of the Treasury
Department, with salaries I think of eight dol-
lars a day and traveling expenses. They trav-
eled together. They traveled all over the
country. They went in couples and they took
those routes where they could travel the fast-
est. They had mileage allowed them I believe,
and they made out a bill against the Govern-
ment, which was allowed, amounting in the
aggregate to over seventeen thousand dollars.
Well, other persons discovered that here
were nice berths for some favorites. More
special agents were appointed under this im-
plied authority until one distinguished Senator
from one of the western States had, as I am
credibly informed, secured the appointment
of seventeen persons as special agents in the
Treasury Department. That thing has con-
tinued with no authority of law for it whatever,
excepting the implied authority contained in
the section I have referred to, until at the
present time, or at the coming into office of
the present Secretary of the Treasury, there
was the number of special agents mentioned
m his letter. In conversation with the Secre-
tary he stated to me that there was an absolute
necessity for these special agents. I protested
against their being appointed without the au-
thority of some law. He admitted the impro-
priety of it, and desired that there might be a
law authorizing and regulating their appoint-
ment. Nothing further was done until I in-
troduced the original bill, which provides, not
for the appointment of any special agents, but
for the prohibition of the employment under
the section I have referred to of any special
agents except those already iu the employment
of the Government and those without any ad-
ditional pay. The attention of the Secretary
was called to it, and his views having been laid
before the committee, I withdrew the bill and
introduced the substitute, which the committee
adopted and now report. The bill is based
upon the assertion or declaration, which we
believe to be true, that there is a necessity for
the appointment of such special agents. It will
be perceived that this bill limits the pay of
these special agents. As they are now em-
ployed it is not limited at all. Some of tliem,
I am informed, are paid $5,000 a year, with
their traveling expenses; and I presume that
their traveling expenses include fares over
railroads where they ride on free passes.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. FERRISS. Certainly.
Mr. WELKER. I want to know how many
this bill will increase the number of agents
employed at this time by the Secretary of the
Treasury ?
Mr. FERRISS. It decreases the number.
Mr. WELKER. How many?
Mr. FERRISS. Two or three.
Mr. WELKER. I want to ask the gentle-
man whether the bill does not increase quite
largely the compensation of these different
agents over that allowed by the Secretary
during the last year,'fixing it for one set at ten
dollars a day, for another set at eight dollars
a day, and for another at six dollars a day, with
their expenses added to their daily compen-
sation?
Mr. POLAND. There are only two at ten
dollars a day.
Mr. FERRISS. My impression is that the
aggregate of expense will be decreased, because
I will state to the gentleman from Ohio that
many of these agents are now paid very large
salaries and their traveling expenses.
Mr. WELKER. It is all right to limit it by
law.
Mr. FERRISS. It will be perceived that,
counting Sundays, the highest salary cannot
t exceed §3,650 a year, while some of them are
now paid as high as §5,000 a year, and the
bill provides for but two of the highest grade.
In view of the necessity ol' some law on the
41st Cons. 2d Suss.—No. 157.
subject, and of the fact that we .must have
these special agents, this is the best the com-
mittee could do at the present time. The ques-
tion for the House to decide is whether the
employment of these officers shall continue
without authority of law and at the enormous
salaries fixed by the Secretary, or whether they
will pass this bill limiting the salary to a much
smaller sum than that now paid.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to offer a slight
amendment to the bill. I do not know that it
is necessary, but it will exclude a conclusion.
I would move to add to the second section the
words:
Provided, That no sum shall bo paid to any such
agent for mileage.
Mr. POLAND. This bill seems likely to
excite some discussion and take up the residue
of the morning hour that we desired to devote
to other things. The subject of this bill is one
that I thought did not properly belong to our
committee, and I shall move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. DAWES. I have no further objection
to the bill. I only wish that the proviso shall
be added.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to that.
The question was taken on Mr. Dawes's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I now move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Retrenchment; and
on that motion I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERPETUATION 01? TESTIMONY.
Mr. FERRISS, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 870) to per-
petuate testimony in the courts of the United
States.
The bill was road. The first section pro-
vides that any person who is a party to a suit
pending in any court of the United States, or
who has any interest in any matter which is or
may be the subject of a suit in any court in the
United States, may cause the testimony of any
witness, material to him in the prosecution or
defense of such suit, to be taken conditionally
and to be perpetuated.
The second section provides that upon pro-
ducing to any justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States, circuit or district judge
thereof, registerin bankruptcy, or to any com-
missioner appointed by tho circuit courts of
the United States to take acknowledgments
of bail and affidavits, due proof by affidavit,
first, that tho applicant is a party to a suit
actually pending in some court of the United
States, or that such applicant has an interest
in some matter which is or maybe the subject
of a suit in such court; and, second, that the tes-
timony of any witness within the district where
the officer to whom such application is made
resides is material and necessary to the pros-
ecution or defense of such suit; and third, if
such suit be not actually commenced, that the
party having an interest adverse to the appli-
cant is of lull age, with the name and resi-
dence of such party, such officer shall appoint
a place within the district where such witness
resides, at a time not less than ten days from
the date of such order, for the examination of
such witness.
The third section provides that upon the
application of the party desiring such exam-
ination such officer shall issue a summons to
the witness designated in the original affidavit,
requiring him to appear and testify at the time
and place appointed, which summons shall be
served by, first, showing to the witness the
original summons, under thehand of the judge
or officer issuing the same; second, deliver-
ing to such witness a copy of said summons;
and third, paying or tendering to such witness
the same fees and mileage as are allowed to
witnesses in suits pending in the district courts
of the United States.
By section four it is provided that after satis-
factory evidence by affidavit shall be given to
such officer that a copy of the order directing
such examination, and of the affidavits upon
which such order was issued, have been duly
and personally served upon the party to such
suit, if one be pending, or on the persons named
in the original affidavit as having an interest
adverse to the applicant, if no suit be pending,
at least ten days before the time therein ap-
pointed for such examination, if such party or
persons reside in the district in which such
examination is appointed to take place, and at
least thirty days before such time, if said party
or persons or any of them reside without said
district, he shall proceed on the day appointed
and on such other days to which the matter
shall be from time to time adjourned or may
be necessary to take the deposition of such
witness conditionally.
The fifth section provides that the officer
taking such deposition shall insert therein every
answer or declaration of the witness examined
which either party shall require to be included
therein. The deposition when completed shall
be carefully read to and subscribed by the wit-
ness; shall be certified by the officer taking the
same; and within thirty days thereafter shall
be filed in the office of the clerk of the district
in which such suit is pending, or if no suit be
pending, then of such district as the officer
granting the order for such examination shall
appoint, and which district shall be specified
in such order. There shall be filed with the
said deposition the original order for the ex-
amination of the witness, and the affidavits on
which the same was founded, and those proving
the service of such order.
By section six it is provided that the original
affidavits filed with such deposition, or a cer-
tified copy thereof, shall be presumptive evi-
dence of the facts therein contained, to show a
compliance with the provisions of this act.
The seventh section provides that if any per-
son shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time
and place mentioned in the summons issued in
accordance with this act, or if upon his appear-
ance he shall refuse to testify, he shall be liable
to the same penalties as would be incurred for
a like offense on the trial of a suit in the dis-
trict court of the United States, which penal-
ties shall be enforced by the district court of
the district in which such witness shall reside.
If such examination shall continue more than
one day, such witness shall be entitled to re-
ceive $1 50 for each additional day.
Section eight provides that in case a trial
shall be had in any court of the United States
between the persons named in the original
affidavits as parties, or named therein as hav-
ing an interest which may be the subject of a
suit, or between any parties claiming under
such persons, or either of them, by title arising
subsequent to the service of the order for such
examination as hereinbefore provided, upon
due proof of the death or insanity of the wit-
ness examined pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, or of the inability of the party to
produce such witness in court, the deposition
of such witness, or a certified copy thereof, may
be given in evidence by either party.
The ninth section provides that the deposi-
tions so taken and read in evidence shall have
the same effect, and no other, as the oral testi-
mony of the witness would have if given on
such trial; and every objection to the compe-
tency or credibility of such witness, or to the
relevancy of any question put to him, or of any
answer given by him, may be made in the same
manner as if such witness were personally ex-
amined on such trial.
The tenth section provides that any officer
authorized to take the examination of a witness
according to the provisions of this act, to whom
