1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
A bill (H, R. No. 683) making appropriation
for the construction of a wagon-road from Santa
F6, New Mexico, via La Cuja del Rio, to Cer-
rode Guadalupe.
john martin.
Mr. CHAYES also introduced a bill (H. E.
No. 084) donating ten sections of public lands
to John Martin, for services in demonstrating
the practicability of obtaining water in the
Jornada del Muerto, a desert in New Mexico ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
AllIZO.N'A VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Arizona, introduced
a bill (H. N. No. 685) authorizing the accept-
ance of the services of volunteers from the
Governor of the Territory of Arizona ; which
was read a first, and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
ARIZONA A SURVEi'tNG DISTRICT.
Mr. McCORMICIv, of Arizona, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 68G) to make the Ter-
ritory of Arizona a separate surveying district;
which was read afirst and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
CAPITOL DDILDINGS FOR TUB TERRITORIES.
Mr. SHAFER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
687) to set aside certain proceeds from internal
revenue for the erection of capitol buildings in
the Territories of Arizona, Dakota, Idaho,
Montana, Washington, and Wyoming; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
R. V. COCHRAN AND WILLIAM TERRY.
Mr. NUCKOLLS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 688) for the removal of certain disabilities
from R. P. Cochran and William Terry: which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call for bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded, the
States and Territories will now be called for
House resolutions, beginning with the State of
New York, where the call rested at the expira-
tion of the morning hour on Monday last.
RESUMPTION OF SPECIE PAYMENTS.
The SPEAKER. At the expiration of the
morning hour on Monday last the pending
question was upon a resolution submitted by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,J
upon which he had called for the previous
question. The resolution will be read.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved, That anion? the evils growing out of the
late civil war is that of an irredeemable paper cur-
rency ; that it is one of the highest duties of the Gov-
ernment to secure to the citizens a medium of ex-
change of fixed unvarying value, and that this implies
a return to a specie basis, and no substitute for it can
be devised; that it should be commenced now and
reached at the earliest possible moment.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, and move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, as they have charge of this subject
at present.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was referred accordingly.
HELL GATE.
Mr.REEVES submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Iie/iolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
without unnecessary delay to communicate for the
information of this House copics of any reports,
papers, surveys, and estimates or other data that may
be in his possession, or in possession of any bureau of
hisDepartment, relating to the feasibility and proba-
bLe cost of cutting through Hallett's Point, in Hell
Gate, at the head of Long Island sourd, a channel
sufficiently straight and deep to remove or materi-
ally reduce the perils now attending navigation of
that important passage; and also to transmit any
further information he may possess bearing upon the
41st Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 16.
subject of the removal of the obstructions at Hell
Gate, and a detailed statement showing the progress
of the work now in operation for that purpose.
SUPPRESSION OF POLYGAMY.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey} submitted the
following preamble and resolution, and moved
that tlift same be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary:
Whereas a system of illicit association termed
polygamy, with a government de facto, exists in the
Territory of Utah, and which is at variance with all
moral Jaw, a crimc against nature, demoralizing and
imbecilitating in the extreme, and a shame to the
virtue and intelligence of the American people:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire what further legislation is
requisite lor the suppression of the aoove-men-
tioned evil and the punishment of the doers thereof \
and also into the necessity and practicability of
immediate measures being taken for its entire extir-
pation, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to amend by in-
serting " the Committee on the Territories "
in lieu of " the Committee on the Judiciary.75
The amendment was agreed to; and the
motion as amended was then agreed to.
SOUTH RIVER, NEW JERSEY.
Mr. BIRD introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 94) to cause a survey of South river,
New Jersey, to be made ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
pranking privilege, etc.
Mr. GrETZ submitted the folio wing resolution,
upon which he called the previous question :
Whereas the Postmaster General has expressed the
opinion, inhislast annual report, that the Post Office
Department can forego that portion of its receipts
now derived from postage on newspapers and
pamphlets, provided it can be protected against the
frauds, more than three times in amount, insuper-
able from the franking privilege; and has declared
it better far that the franking privilege should be
abolished, and that all newspapers sent to regular
and bona fide subscribers from a known offico of
publication should be carried free, without regard to
weight, throughout the United States, as now
throughout the county wherein printed and pub-
lished: Therefore,
Be. itrenoived, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Eoads be instructed to incorporate in any
bill which they may report for the abolition of the
franking privilege a provision allowing all news-
papers published within the United States and sent
to actual subscribers to be carried free through the
mails, in accordance with the recommendation of th®
Postmaster General above quoted.
The question was upon secondingthe call for
the previous question ; and being taken, upon
a division there were—ayes 40, noes 71.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved that the pre-
amble and resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ARRESTS.
Mr. WOODWARD submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the President bo requested to in-
form this House, if not incompatible with the pubiic
interest, whether any citizens of the United States
aro imprisoned or detained in military custody by
officers of the Army of the United States; and it any,
to furnish theirnames, the date of thoir arrests, and
the offenses charged against them, together with a
statement of what measures havo been taken for the
trial and punishment of the offendeis.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a concurrent resolution to print in
pamphlet form the addresses delivered in the
Senate and the House on the occasion of the
death of Hon. William Pitt Fessenden, in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
JURORS IN THE UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. SCOFIELD submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary:
Whereas the present practice of summoning jurors
for the United States district and circui t courts, by
which said jurors are designated sole y by the mar-
shals, confers an absolute power which in the handd
of an unscrupulous officer might be made an instru-
ment of partiality, oppression,and injustice: Ihere-
f°S«oW, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of chang-
ing the present mode of selecting jurors in the United
States courts, and report to this House by bill or
otherwise.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT RALEIGH.
Mr. DEWEESE submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Hesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to take into consideration the erection ot
a suitableboildingfor thoaccommodation of United
States courts, postoffices, internal revenue, and other
offices of the Government in the city of Raleigh,
North Carolina, and to report to this House his
views in regard to the matter, with an estimate of
the cost of the building.
DISTRIBUTION OP GOVERNMENT OFFICES.
Mr. DEWEESE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a second resolution.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from North Carolina introducing
under this call another resolution ?
There was no objection.
Mr. DEWEESE introduced a joint resolu-
tion (EL R. No. 93) to distribute the number
and rank of' Government employes among the
several districts and Territories; which was
read a first and second time.
The resolution provides, in the first section,
that after its passage it shall be the duty of the
Secretaries of State. War, Navy, Treasury, and
Interior, the Postmaster and Attorney Gen-
eral, Commissioner of Agriculture, Superin
tendent of Public Buildings and Grounds, and
the officers of the House and Senate to sever-
ally cause to be made alphabetical lists of all
the employ6s in their respective Departments
or forces, and to correct the same as changes
shall be made, and to keep the lists in their
several offices respectively, subject to inspec-
tion.
The second section provides that the lists
shall contain the "name, rank, and pay of the
employes of the respective Departments or
forces, date of employmentand residence, giv-
ingtown, county, State, or Territory, designat-
ing those who have served in the Army or Navy
of the United States.
The third section provides that the several
congressional districts, organized Territories,
and the District of Columbia shall be entitled
to equal numbers and ranks of employes in the
said several Departments and forces. No dis-
trict or Territory is to have more tlian one of
any rank until every district and Territory, as
herein provided for, shall have at least one o£
the same rank ; and all appointments in said
Departments and forces hereafter are to be to
equalize the number and rank of emploj^s, as
above provided for. The equalization of num-
bers and rank of employes from the several
districts and Territories aforesaid is to be made
by the 4th day of March, 1871. Nothing con-
tained in this resolution is to be construed to
regulate the employment and service of day
laborers, and boys under the age of sixteen
years.
Ihe question being on ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed for a third reading,
tion called forthe previous ques4-
On seconding the previous question there
cmrw'vT-IVJ?8 no quorum voting.
I he SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Morkili., of Maine,
and Mr. Deweese.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes one hundred; noes not counted.
oo the previous question was seconded.
_ ■! ne main question was ordered; there be-
lnS~ay.es ninety-two; noes not counted.
J-he joint resolution was ordered to be en-
