242
THE OONGRISSIONAL GLOBE,
December 20,
grossed for a third reading; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
The joint resolution was passed; there be-
ing—ayes 8S, noes 32.
Mr. BEWEES moved to reconsider-the vote
by which the joint resolution was. pass®} ; and
also m&ved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
improvement of des moines rapids.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, reported
from the Committee on Appropriations a bill
(H. II. No. 089) making a temporary appro-
priation for the prosecution of the work upon
the improvement of the l>es Moines rapids in
the Mississippi river; which was read- a first
and second time.
The bill appropriates $200,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction and superintend-
ence of the Secretary of War, for the purpose
of continuing the prosecution of the work upon
the improvement of the Des Moines rapids in
the Mississippi river.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
that this bill makes an appropriation and must
receive its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. WASIIBUHN, of Wisconsin. I am
perfectly aware of that, but I intend to ask the
House to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole and to put it on its passage now. 1 beg
the House to indulge me in a word of explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holmax] withdraw his point of
order to allow an explanation?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdraw it for the pres-
ent, reserving the right to renew it here-
after.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, if after
my explanation tbo House should object to
considering the bill it will, of course, go to the
Committee of the Whole.
This bill lias been reported by the Committee
on Appropriations upon representations that
have been made in person" by the .Secretary of
War and General Humphreys, of the engineer
department. They state that the condition of
the work at Des Moines rapids is such that if
the regular appropriation, which cannot be
used till the 1st of next .luly, must be waited
for, the Government will sustain great loss; that
there are now six hundred men employed there,
employed at great advantage in the prosecu-
tion of this work ; and that the money will be
exhausted about the 1st of January. If this
appropriation be not made this force will be
scattered, the machinery, which has been per-
fected at great expense, will sustain great loss,
the work will be much delayed, and great dam-
age will result, to the country by delay in the
completion of the work, which, sir, 1 under-
take to say, is one of the most valuable public
works ever undertaken by this Government.
With this statement of the case 1 hope that
there will be no objection to the bill, and
that I may be now allowed to put it on its
passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not see that there is
any pressing necessity for taking this l)ill up
out of its regular order. There are a great
many public works in comparatively the same
condition. 1 therefore must insist on my
objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I trust
not, as this will save money to the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman has any
documents from the War Department or from
General Humphreys I hope that they will be
read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The Sec-
retary of War and General Humphreys both
personally appeared before the committee this
morning.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on my point of
order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to suspend the rales so that the bill may be
considered in the House at the present time
without reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
88, noes 34.
Mr. ELDBIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge, and
Mr. Washburn of Wisconsin, were appointed.
, The House again divided; and the tellers
reported-—ayes 88, noes 31.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin, demanded
the previous question on ordering the bill to
bo engrossed and read a third time.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was _ ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. WOOD. Are there any official docu-
ments in support of this bill?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The Sec-
retary of War and General Humphreys both
made statements in its favor this morning.
Mr. WOOD. Give us some information on
the subject; and if there be any documents
accompanying the bill let them be read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
yield for that purpose.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill. ,
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been
engrossed.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed ; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 108, not voting
Go; as follows:
Y MAS—Messrs. Arabler, Archer, Arnell, Axtelt,
Kctcham, Knott, Lawrence, Marshall, Mayham,
Maynnrd, McGi'ow, McNeely, Mereur, Mungen,
Niblack, Potter, llandall, ltice, Kogrers, feeofteld,
Shanks, Joseph fci. Smith, Stone, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney. Tanner. Trimble, Van Trump, Voorhoea,
Yv'clker, Winchester. Witchcr, and Wood—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Asper, Bailey, lleaman,
Bennett, Bird, Bowen, Boyd. Oeorgo M. Brooks,
Buck. Buck ley, Builinton.Burellard, Burdett, Benja-
min V. Butler, ltoderick It, Butler, Calkin, Cessna,
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cullom, Dawes,
Bcwcese, Diokcy, Box, Duval, Jila-. I'orriss, Perry,
VinkelnburK, .f itch, (letz, Greene, Hale, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Ilawley, liny, ileaton, Hoar, Hooper,
HotehkUs, lnjiersoll, .lenekes. Johnson, Alexander
It. Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Laflm,
L,wh, Loscau. Louglinuge, Lynch, McCarthy,
MeCrary, Kliakim H. Mooro, Jesso IL Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Ortli. Packard, Packer,
Baine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, l'oineroy, Hooves,
Boots, Sanl'ord, Sarffent, Sawyer, Sehenck, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Jshelilou, John A. Smith, William
Smith, Worthinsrtou C. Smith, William Smyth,
St.-trku-eather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Sfcra-
dier, Tail'e, Townsend, Twichcli, Tyner, Upson, Van
Hern, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler,
Wluttemure, Wilkinson, Williams, EugeneM. AVil-
son. John T. Wilson, Winans. and Woodward—10S.
jNOT VOTING—Messrs. Adatns, Ames, Armstrong,
Banks. Barnum, Beck, Bigg**, Blair. James Brooks,
Cake, Churchill, Cleveland, ClintonL.Cobb,Coburn,
Cowles,Davis,lhxon.Dockery, Donley, Dyer, Fisher,
>'ox, UarUeld, Giliillan, Golladay, llaight, Malde-
lnan, Hamblcton, ^Hays, Heflin, Hill, lloag, lfoge,
Hopkins, Julian, ICelloy. McCormick, Morgan, Mor-
nssey, Poland, Prosser, Reading, Schumaker, Sher-
rod, sJIocum, Stevens, Stiles. Strickland, Tillman,
Vail Auken, Ward, William B. Washburn, and
Wiilard—S3.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The bill being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third'time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the bill do now pass, and on that demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
okder of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House proceed to the consideration
of the business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
several gentlemen who have bills and resolu-
tions to refer came in after States and Terri-
tories were called for that purpose. Will the
gentleman from- Massachusetts [Mr. Bbtijer]
yield; in favor of those gentlemen ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will.
"protection* of the revenue.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 690) to amend an acfc
entitled '' An act to protect the revenue, and for
other purposes,'' approved July 28, 1866 ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CREW OF TIIE NIGHTINGALE.
Mr. ICETCHAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 691) for the relief
of certain of the crew of the ship Nightingale;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
B. C. BAILEY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 692) for
damages done to B. C. Bailey by the deten-
tion and expenses incurred in the seizure of
the ship Argo in May, 1861; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
LAW OP BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States be instructed to inquire
whether the law establishing a uniform system of
bankruptcy ought not to be amended so that pro-
ceedings in bankruptcy pending in one district may
ho removed to a.nd proceeded with in the district
court of another district, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
GOVERNMENT'OFFICES AT GRAND RAPIDS.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he
requested to take into consideration the erection of
a suitable building in the city of Grand Rapids,
Michigan, ior the accommodation of the various
officers of the Government located in that city, and
to report to this House his views in regard to the
necessity for the erection oi such abuilding, together
with the estimates of the cost thereof.
NEW YOltK AND BOSTON POST OFFICES.
Mr. FITCH. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution, and move*
its adoption:
Whereas it is alleged that money has been ex-
pended largely in excess of the appropriations for
the construction of the new post office buildings in
New York city and Boston, and that in New York
city the conduction of said building1 ha? been com-
menced and is progressing in an unsuitable and ille-
gal manner, and in utter disregard of the plans
authorized and approved by Congress: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on the Post
Office and Host Roads are hereby instructed to make
an inspection of a<nd investigation into the construc-
tion of the new jpost office buildings at New York
and Boston, now in process of erection, the progress
made, the suitableness of the locations selected for
said buildings, the plans of the same, and probable
cost thereof, together with the necessity for their
completion, and report the facts to this Ilouse; and.
said committeo is empowered to send for persons and
papers, and examine witnesses under oath,
Mr. GETZ. I rise to a question of order.
It seems to me that that portion of the resolu-
tion which relates to the expenditure of public
money on the buildings referred to belongs
properly to the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures. and that that which relates to the build-
ings themselves should go the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
House to determine.
Mr. FITCII. I ask the previous question on
the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
