1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mu
than originally asked for, the Department could
manage to get the required number of vessels to sea.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
GEORGE M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy,
Hon. A. H. Ckagin, Chairman Committee on Naval
Affairs, United States Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senate will not
adopt this amendment.increasing the number of
men in the Navy, and increasing the expense
largely, without a thorough understanding of
the whole subject. It will be time enough to
do that next winter. I offered a resolution of
inquiry some three or four months ago, ad-
dressed to the President, and of course to be
responded to by the Secretary of the Navy,
making an inquiry in regard to the number
and condition of our iron-clads, for the purpose
of raising the very question referred to by the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,]
about which I felt a good deal of interest.
The answer returned by the Secretary was a
very indefinite one, and wholly failed to furnish
the information required, ana was of no value.
Mr. CRAGTN. I dislike very much to offer
this amendment, or any other that will consume
time, knowing how anxious the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations is to dispose
of this bill. I offer it, I confess, with very little
hope that it will be adopted; but I am so thor-
oughly convinced of its necessity that I could
not resist the opportunity to offer it. As the
Secretary says in his letter, we are obliged at
the present time to employ vessels of a large
class, requiring larger crews of men, and it is
impossible under the existing law to find men
enough to man these vessels. If we had a
smaller class of vessels we could possibly get
along.
After what has been said by the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from llhode
Island on this subject, I do not deem it neces-
sary to say anything further. The Senator
from Massachusetts stated that we had a larger
number of naval officers than were necessary.
On that subject I say nothing now. He said
we had not a sufficient number of men in the
Navy. That is true. But at this late stage of
the session I fear we cannot increase that num-
ber; I fear vfe cannot convince the Senate of
its necessity; but I feel it to be my duty to offer
this amendment, and I shall be very glad if it
is adopted by the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. I shall not detain the Senate
upon it. If the few remarks I made just now
were not appropriate to the question then under
consideration, they are certainly very appro-
priate to this. The Navy is not adequate for
the protection of our commerce. The Navy
is not adequate for that prudent preparation
whicli we must make for hostilities—-not for
apprehended hostilities, but for possible hos-
tilities. The Navy is not sufficiently strong to
enforce our diplomacy. Foreign nations can
afford to insult us if we have not a Navy, and
they can afford to insult us unless we strengthen
our Navy. It is one of the misfortunes of
a popular republican Government, notwith-
standing all its advantages, that wc are obliged
to discuss questions of this kind openly, when
they ought to be discussed in council among
ourselves. The Navy of this country is in no
condition to perform the duty which the coun-
try expects of it. It is not the fault of the
Secretary of the Navy ; and it will not be the
fault of the Secretary of the Navy if that fact
shall come to us at some time in a most
unpleasant manner.
The amendment was rejected—ayes ten, noes
not counted.
The amendments were ordered to be^ en-
grossed, and the- bill to be read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the title
of the bill by adding the words " and for other
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
fortification bill.
The motion was agreed, to.
purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT,
bill will be so amended.
The title of the
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the Senator from Maine
to let me take up and pass a little local bill,
which will not occupy two minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Ifittakes more
than two minutes, I cannot yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maine yields to the Senator from Louisiana,
who asks to take up a bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Letushearwhat
it is first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was very anxious to
get the floor to call up the bill fixing the time
for the election of members of Congress, and
I certainly should have antagonized it against
anything else but an appropriation bill.
Mr. HARRIS. It will not take more than
two minutes to pass this bill. If the honorable
Senator will allow the bill to be read, I am sure
he will make no objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, o"f Maine. I hope to be out
of the way of the Senate by to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois object?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make a motion
to postpone the pending and all other orders
for the purpose of taking up the bill relative
to the election of Representatives to Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make that motion,
unless there is some other way of getting at it.
If the Senator from Maine is going to hold the
floor for appropriation bills and then let other
business be done, I see no other way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana asks consent to take up a bill,
and the Senator from Illinois objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to object
to the appropriation bill; but if the Senator
from Maine gives way to other business I shall
move to postpone that.
Mr. HARRIS. This is a bill that has already
passed this body once, and I am sure there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The fortifica-
tion appropriation bill being before the Senate,
the Senator from Louisiana appealed tome to
give consent that it might be laid aside inform-
ally while he occupied two minutes' time of the
Senate to pass a bill. I said that I would hear
the proposition, so far as I was concerned. It
belongs to every other Senator as well as myself
to object. I wish to save the right to object
to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is it about?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fiom Illinois, however, has made a motion
which supersedes the request of the Senator
from Louisiana, if he insists upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist upon it unless
the Senator from Maine goes on with the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is an objec-
tion, and I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois withdraw his motion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do, if the Senator
from Maine will proceed with his bill; other-
wise I make the motion to proceed with the
bill in reference to the election of Representa-
tives to Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection. The fortification bill
is before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1883)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Appropriations recommend no amendment
to this bill.
Mr. MORTON. Of course, without intend-
ing any disrespect to ,my honorable friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
I move to lay this bill on the table. •
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his motion long enough to give the
reason for it, and then he can renew it. It is
a most extraordinary motion.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senate do notunder-
stand the reason, I despair of being able to
give it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves to lay this bill, being the
fortification bill, on the table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 15, noes 22.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
aximy appltopiuation bill.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 2082) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood that the
Senator from Massachusetts wanted to have
action on the conference report on the bill
reducing the Army before he called up the
Army appropriation bill. He told us so the
other day, and he has had this evening set apart
for the consideration of the report of the com-
mittee of conference. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that the
Army reduction bill should be disposed of first
before we act on the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON. Well, I will let the bill lie
over for the present.
election of representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1705, to fix the time for the election of
Representatives and Delegates in the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator rise to this question?
Mr. HAMLIN. I rose, I think, before the
Senator from Illinois did, and addressed the
Chair, but I had another object in view.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The experience
of the Senator from Maine must impress him
with the fact that sometimes the Chair hears
differently from those who l'ise on the floor to
make motions.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand that. I wish
to submit a motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order now, or will be in order even after
this bill shall be taken up.
Mr. HARLAN. Let us takethis bill up first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the bill come up
first. The motion will then be in order. I
hope we can pass the bill in a few minutes.
Mr. HAMLlN. No ; you cannot pass it in
a few minutes or in a few hours. I make the
motion that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope we shall
vote down the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ Pending the
motion of theSenator from Illinois, to fake up
the bill in relation to the time for holding the
election of members of Congress, the Senator
from Maine rises to a motion of higher privi-
lege, and moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 22. noes 19.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays, or a recount, because 1 am certain the
question was net understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
it distinctly to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object 
