1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
VIRGINIA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. WHITTEM0RI3. by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a, bill (H. R. No. 693) pro-
viding for the reassembling of the Legislature
of Virginia and administering the test-oath to
the officers and members thereof; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
EMPLOYMENT OF A CLERIC .
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Accounts:
Mesolved, That the Committee on the Territories
be authorized to employ a clerk at the same rate of
compensation as is paid to the clerk of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
election frauds.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported back bill (H. R. No. 477) to
prevent and punish election frauds, with a sub-
stitute for the same, and moved that both bills
be ordered to be printed, and recommitted to
the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
KEMOYAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 694) to remove the
political disabilities of certain persons therein
named; which was read a first and second time,
and, with the accompanying papers, referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. KELSBY. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider all the
votes by which bills and resolutions had been
referred since the expiration of the morning
hour; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, resumed
the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether a special order does not take prece-
dence of the general order? I desire to say
that the resolutions in reference to Mr. Peabody
were made the special order for to-day after the
morning hour, and I therefore call for the special
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Joxes] presented one day last week
some resolutions which were assigned to this
morning after the morning hour for considera-
tion,but they are subject to the right of the House
to suspend the rules and to the motion to go to
the business on the Speaker's table made in
order after the morning hour. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlek] in making
the motion could take the gentleman from Ken-
tucky off the floor even while he was occupying
it. The Chair recognized the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] the chairman of
the Committee on Reconstruction, because he
was advised by him that his intention was to
move to go to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I would appeal
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Btjtler] and say that this matter in reference
to Mr. Peabody can be disposed of in a very
short time. There is little more than sufficient
time now for the President to follow the order
of the resolutions, and I hope the gentleman
will waive his motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of offering a
joint resolution in relation to Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] is on the floor, and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey]
has demanded the regular order. The Chair
cannot recognize the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farxsworth] unless the gentleman from
Massachusetts unconditionally yields the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot,
for the reason that the Committee on Recon -
struction have postponed the consideration of
the joint resolution as to Virginia until after
the recess because we have not sufficient evi-
dence.
I now move to proceed to the business on
the Speaker's table for the purpose of taking
up the Senate bill to promote the reconstruc-
tion of Georgia.
Mr. WOOD. I hope not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. On Monday it is in order to move to
suspend the rules, and that motion to suspend
the rules would suspend the rule under which
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] makes his motion.
The SPEAKER. It could not take the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts off the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He has made his
motion and subsided, and I have now a right to
make my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman.
representation of virginia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to introduce the joint
resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I thought
I had the floor, Mr. Speaker. How can the
gentleman get on the floor to do that. [Laugh-
ter. ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has made
his motion, and before putting it the Chair
recognized the gentleman from Illinois, who
rose to a point of order, stating that his right
to offer the resolution under a suspension of
the rules was undoubted and superseded the
right of the gentleman from Massachusetts to
hold the floor. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and the resolution of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Faknsworth] will be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, declaring
Virginia has performed the required acts enti-
tling her to representation in the Congress of'
the United States, and that she is eutitled to
such representation. The preamble to the joint
resolution recites that the people of Virginia
have adopted a constitution republican inform,
and by its provisions securing equality of rights
to all citizens of the United States before the
law, and have in all respects complied with the
requirements of the several acts of Congress
providing for the reconstruction of the late
insurrectionary States ; and that the Congress
of the United States have received assurances,
and are assured, that the people of Virginia,
and especially those heretofore in insurrection,
have renounced all claim of any right of seces-
sion in a State and are now well disposed to
the Government of the United States, and will
support and defend the Constitution thereof,
and carry out the provisions and requirements
of the Constitution, submitted by the recon-
struction acts of Congress and ratified by the
people of Virginia, in letter and in spirit. The
joint resolution declares the State of Virginia
entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United States.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Farksworth, to suspend the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH and Mr. ELDRIDGE
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays,were ordered.
The question was then taken by yeas and
nays; and it resulted in the negative—yeas 63,
nays 105, not voting 43 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams.Archer.Axtell, Beck, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, Burr, Calkin, Cox, Crebs, Deweese,
Dickinson, Dox, Eldridgc, Farnsworth, Fitch, Getz,
Greene, Griswold, Haldeman, Hambloton, Hamill,
Hawkins, Heaton, Hill, Holman, Johnson, Alexan-
der H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, ICetcham,
Knott, Laflin, Lash, Marshall, Mayham,. McCor-
mick, McNeely, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Po-
land, Potter, Randall, Beeves, Bice, Bogers, Joseph
S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stone, Strader,
Swann, Sweeney, Tanner, Trimble, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Armstrong, As-
per, Bailey, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Boles, Bo wen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buck-
ley, Bufiinton, Burchard, Burdett, Bemamin J.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna. Churchill,
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook Conger. Cut-
lom, Dickey, Dixon, Draley, Duval, Ha, lernss,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Hale, Hamilton, Haw-
ley Hay, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Kelsey, Knapp, Lawrence Logan,
Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, Mercur,
Eliakim H.Moore, JesseH.Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P.Morrill, Myers, Les-
ley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine. Paluiei
Peters, Phelps. Pomeroy, Prosser, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William ferny.h.
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stakes fc.our.
ton, Strickland, Taffe, Townsend, Iwichell. r.vnc,'.
XJpson, Van Horn, Oadwalader C.Washburn,e!k<,,
Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Williams.. .lolni
T. Wilson. Winans, and Witcher—lOo.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Ban lis, bj.v-
num, Bennett, Blair, James Brooks, Cake, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb. Cowles. Davis. Dawes. Dook-
ery,Dyer, Fax, Garfield,Gilfillan, Golladay, Haignt,
Hays, Heflin, Hoag, Hopkins, Julian, Kelles'. Kel-
logg, Lynch, McGrew, Morrissey, Beading, Loots.
Sehumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, fcloeuni.
Stiles,Strong, Tillman, Van Auken, Ward, William
B. Washburn, and Willard—43.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. WOOD. I understand the purpose of
the gentleman to be to take up the Georgia
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has indi-
cated that to be his purpose.
Mr. WOOD. I move to lay that motion on
the table ; and upon that I call the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there were—
ayes 29, noes 110.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken by yeas and
nays : and it was decided in the negative—yeas
48, nays 119, not voting 44; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck.
Biggs, Bird, Bnrr, Calkin, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson,
Dox, Eldridgc, Getz, Greene, Griswold, Haldeman
Hambleton, Hamill, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L.
J ones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McCormiek.
McNeely, Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, Potter, Han-
(lall, Reeves, Kice, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Strader.
Swann, Sweeney, Trinible, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, ami
W oodward—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Bailey, Beaman, B catty, Benjamin,Bennett,Benton,
Bingham, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks.
Buck, Buckley, Bufiinton, Burchard, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick II. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill. Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Hale, Hamilton, Ilawkins,
Ifawley, Hay, Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper
Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Keteham, Knapp, Laflin. Lash,
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy,
McCrary, McGrew, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore
Jesse II. Moore, AVilliam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley. O'Neill. Orth,
Packard Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy Prosser, Roots, Sawyer, Schenek,
Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Shtldon
IS-!\At£mith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Tnffe
Tanner Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Wclker, Whitte-
Vott vr"' ^ and Winans-llO.
i\01 VOIIivGr—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Banks,
ferv r\rijnllef Cakc' Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles. Davis, Doekerv f)v..v
iitch, Fox, Garfield, Gilfillan, Golladav, llaight!
Hays, Heflm, Hoag, Hopkins, Ingersoll, Julian
Kelley, Lynch, Morrissey, Reading, Rogers San-
Sehumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Stiles,
Tillman, V an Auken, Ward, William B. Wasliburn,
Whoelor, Willard, John T. Wilson, and Witchor—4S.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question again recurred upon the mo-
ion of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to j>ro
ceed to the consideration of business on tho
speaker's table.
BUILER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw that motion, aud in lieu thereof submit
the following:
Itesolved, That the rules be suspended, nnd tho
House proceed at once to the consideration of
