3444
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
roent from the Secretary's cashier, going back
for the years 1868 and 1865), shows no such
thing; but it shows very small sums, and in
respect to the last year, I am sure, less than
$100.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the best evidence
in regard to this matter is the amount of money
that was paid. The Senator from Vermont
has called upon the Secretary and got a state-
ment from him, and the amount paid last year
was about one hundred dollars, and the year
before very trifling.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not the vouchers
before me; but when the Senator from Illinois
makes that statement, although he states it on
the best information he has, it is by no means
correct. The Sergeant-at-Arms has been in
the habit of receiving mileage from the Gov-
ernment for summoning witnesses here ever
since he has been in office. It has been the
practice of the office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No doubt of it. The only
question is how extensive it is within the last
year or two.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ver-
mont supposes $100 a year would pay him for
his services and mileage in summoning wit-
nesses he must see at once that the thing is
impossible. I know that one joint committee
of the House and Senate, appointed to make
inquiry into a certain subject, summoned before
them a great number of witnesses from great
distances in the country; and Mr. Brown was
paid large sums for mileage and travel for sum-
moning all those witnesses.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no doubt that this
bill x-educes the compensation of the Sergeant-
at-Arms materially.
Mr. HOWARD. I think so.
Mr. ANTHONY. And I daresay very prop-
erly. He ought to have an honorable salary,
but it should be a, fixed salary, about the same
as that of a Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly the Ser-
geant-at-Arms ought to have, and all the officers
ought to have, a competent and fixed salary.
What I was calling attention to was that we
were raising the salary of the Sergeant-at-Arms
by this bill some $2,000, and no attention was
called to it. The Senator from Rhode Island
and th,e Senator from Michigan think that this
bill does not raise it at all; that by taking off
certain fees it leaves the compensation really
no higher than it was before. The Senator
from Vermont, who has taken the trouble to go
to the Secretary's office to find out what amount
is paid, says that the amount paid for the last
year or,two has been only $100 a year, or less
than that. There was an impeachment trial
one year when a great many witnesses were
summoned, and perhaps the fees may have
amounted to more that year. I should suppose
they would. But that was an extraordinary
state of things, and there might be some pro-
priety in paying something extra on that occa-
sion. I understand the statement which the
Senator from Vermont has, embraces the time
since the impeachment trial was over and since
the Committee on the Conduct of the War were
discharged; but it embraces the ordinary ex-
penses for summoning witnesses and matters
of that kind by the Sergeant-at-Arms. The
Senate will, bear in mind we have very few
investigations in this body.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
inquire what the question before the Senate is?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations on page 3, in-
creasing the pay of the superintendent of the
folding-room.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So I supposed.
My honorable friend from Illinois is discuss-
ing the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. TRU MBULL. I think very properly it
brings up the subject of raising the salaries ;
and the raising of orie officer may very prop-
erly—^—
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It brings up the
subject of raising the salary of this particular
officer?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly it does in
connection with that. If we raise the others it
may be very proper to raise this. One depends
upon the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I remind ray
honorable friend as he has a proposition here
to raise the salaries of the female clerks, whether
he would not be kind enough to postpone his
remarks until he comes to that question ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, we are
proposing in the bill not to equalize salaries,
but to raise the salaries of certain offioers ; and
I would state to the Senator from Maine in all
kindness that I do not think he apprised the
Senate that he had raised the salaries of these
officers. It was only accidentally that my
attention was called to the fact that the House
had raised the salaries of a number of officers
in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. For fear the
Senator should be taken by surprise on this
matter, I wish to say that the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations does not under-
stand that these officers' salaries to whom he
refers are raised by the bill, but on the con-
trary, accepting the action of the House, they
are very greatly reduced. If he takes the ac-
tion of the House, which includes the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Senate and the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the House, he will find a very large
saving. I will suggest one thing further by the
Senator's indulgence. Having fixed these sal-
aries, having taken away the perquisites of the
House Sergeant-at-Arms, which I agree with
the Senator from Illinois are much larger than
those of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate,
and having fixed his salary at $4,300, it was
thought to be expedient to fix the salary of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate at the same
rate and cut off his perquisites also. On that
ground, and with the belief that nothing was
lost, but that on the whole, taking all things
together, much was saved, it did not occur to
me to present this matter to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The duties are very
different, as I understand. The Sergeant-at-
Arms of the House is the disbursing officer
of the House. He pays the members. He has
very different duties to perform from the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does he not receive any-
thing for that ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He get3 an allowance ;
I do not remember what it is. But the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the Senate has no such duties to
perform. The House has committees of investi-
gation in session nearly the whole time. They
are sending for witnesses constantly. They
have ten committees before whom witnesses
are summoned where the Senate has one.
I have now the statement from the Secretary's
office to which I before referred, and I wish
the Senator from Maine to hear it, giving the
total amount of fees for summoning witnesses,
and services of that kind, which are cut off by
this bill. The total amount from April, 186i),
until April, 1870, is $100 03.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois inform us whether that includes any money
except that which is paid from the contingent
fund of the Senate ? Does it include the sev-
eral appropriations made to pay expenses of
investigating committees, witnesses, &c.?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am informed at the
Secretary's office by the cashier, in going
through all the various heads, that this is the
total sum of money paid to the Sergeant-at-
Arms out of anything for that species of ser-
vice between the 1st of April, 1869, and the
1st of April, 1870. It is $2 20 more than the
statement 1 had the other day, because an
account has just been settled which contains
that $2 20.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly it is con-
fined to the contingent fund.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I repeat to him again that it is not con-
fined to the contingent fund, but includes all
that has been paid out of various accounts.
I went to the financial clerk in the Secretary's
office, and he went over three or four accounts
and, unless he has made a mistake, thisincludes"
all the money paid for these services between
the periods named. Of course it varies from
year to year. Nobody doubts that.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I understand from
the Senator that that is the whole sum from
every source paid to the Sergeant-at Arms over
and above his ordinary compensation. Is
that it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not hear the Sen-
ator's question.
Mr. HOWARD. Is that $100 the whole sum
paid to the Sergeant-at-Arms since April, 1869,
from all sources?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; not at all. It
is the whole amount paid to the Sergeant-at-
Arms for summoning witnesses to attend before
the Senate or before committees. It does not
include the very large sum that is paid to the
Sergeant-at-Arms for furnishing horses, carry-
alls, boxes, and the Lord knows what.
Mr. HOWARD. I was speaking of the
summoning of witnesses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I understand to be
the total for that period of time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allowmeto ask
what period of time that statement covers ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It covers one year, from
April, 1869, to April, 1870.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the Sen-
ator a statement for any other period of time?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I was only able to
get this for the last year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am informed
by the Sergeant-at-Arms that his pay for sum-
moning witnesses during the last thirty days
has been $200.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; it changes from time
to time as there is occasion for summoning
witn6SS66
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator says it is
$200 for the last month. The Committee on
Printing may have had some witnesses sum-
moned.
Mr. MORRILL, of M&ind. And it will be
found that for the year before it was very large,
and amounted to some thousands of dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will endeavor to ascer-
tain exactly what it is. I think it will be found
that it is not for any year anything like the
increase of salary which is- proposed by this
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may have been during
the impeachment trial.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not even then.
I think it will turn out that in no year has it
been equal to the increase of salary now pro-
posed. Now, the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate gets his compensation chiefly from carry-
ing the mails. He is allowed so much for his
horses—I do not know how much—and for a
certain number of horses, and he delivers the
mails, and that is not cut off by this bill. The
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] is now
in the Chamber, and he can state how this is.
I understand that the compensation of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms is madeup to a very great extent
from the perquisites received in connection
with the distribution of the mails and in the
keeping of horses, for which so much per day,
perhaps, is allowed. That is a great item of
expense to the Government, or the great item
on which the Sergeant-at-Arms draws money.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to allude to one or
two facts that do not apply exactly to the pres-
ent state of things. But during the time that
I have been in the Senate we have had, in the
first place, the Committee on Retrenchment.
Some twenty-five thousand dollars have been
appropriated for that committee ,; and the Ser-
geant* at-Arms, as my friend from Vermont
knows, has received large sums of money tor
summoning witnesses before that committee.
Then we had the Committee on Ordnance,
