1556
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
and having had these lands, has dissolved the
corporation to which they were ceded, there
may be great doubt whether we ought to admit
Texas and place these lands in that situation
again.
Mr. HOWARD. I will say further that the
bill which I have introduced requires the assent
of the present State of Texas to tho arrange-
ment which is rande in reference to the two
additional Territories before it can be admit-
ted lo representation in Congress. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Territories, and printed. j
The motion was agreed to. {
HISTORY OP THE REBELLION.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous I
consent, and agreed to: I
llttolved. That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to tho Senate what progress has
keen made in the preparation for publication of the
official documents relating te the rebellion and the
operations of the Aruiy of the United States, pro-
vided for in the resolution of Congres3 approved July
27, lK6f>; and also to state what further legislation,
if any, it necessary for the purpose of said resolu-
tion.
03A0B INDIAN LANDS.
Sin HARLAN. If th« morning business is
through, 1 move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of bill No. 529.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senater
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 529) to provide for
the sale of the Great and Little Osage Indian
reservation in the State of Kansas, and for the
settlement of said Indians in the Indian ter-
ritory.
The bill was read at length.
The VICE PRESIDEN i\ The Committee
en Indian Affairs report various amendments
to this bill, which will be read in their order.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment,
which was in line eleven of the first section,
to strike out " $1,600,090," and to insert
k 4 $2,000,000.! 9
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to inquire of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs reporting this bill whether the
bill is to be regarded as a substitute for a treaty
between the United States and these Indians
which has heretofore been pending before the
Senate?
Mr. HARLAN. A treaty was negotiated
between the United States and the Osage
Indians some two years since, in which it was
ptovided< that the Osage Indians should sell
these lands to a railroad company for the sum
of $1,600,000, the railroad company obligating
itself to build a certain railroad through the
land. That treaty, however, has been with-
drawn by the President of the United States.
The bill recites as a preamble the material
points of that treaty, those that pertain to the
interests of the Indians 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Which treaty was never
ratified.
Mr. HARLAN. It was never ratified, but
it was signed by the Indians. The bill itself
provides that the United States shall be substi-
tuted for the railroad company, and become the
purchaser of the land at the price agreed on by
the Indians themselves; and to reimburse the
United States this amount of money the lands
are to be sold to actual settlers for cash only,
nntil this expenditure shall be collected from
the sain of the lands, after which the residue
of the lands are to be thrown into market and
settlement as other public lands. That is the
substance of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. "Agreed on," how,
" by the Indians?"
_ Mr. HARLAN. A treaty was negotiated and
signed by the Indians, and by commissioners
on the part of the United States. They entered
into thatagreement; but that treaty was never
ratified by the Senate, and has since been with-
drawn by the President, so that it isnot before
the Senate. The preamble merely recites these
facts by way of inducement, to show what the
Indians themselves agreed to about two years
ago in relation to the price of the land. I
shall not insist that the preamble shall stand
as any part of the bill if any Senator objects
to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask khe Senator from Iowa, as he states that
this treaty stipulated that the price should be
$1,600,000, why it is that this bill proposes to
increase it to $2,000,000?
Mr. HARLAN. The bill does not increase
the amount as introduced by me. It proposes
that the United States shall pay the Indians
I the exact amount of money whieh the Indians
! agreed to sell the land for, and. which they
[ could have sold it for to a railroad company ;
: but the Committee on Indian Affairs, a major-
j ity of them, being wiser than I am, concluded
1 that it would be just and right to give $2,000,-
i 000 for tlie land instead of $1,600,000. That
is the judgment of the committee, but not the
judgment of the member who drafted the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator from Iowa
state the quantity of the land ?
Mr. HARLAN. Something like eight mil-
lion acres, or in that neighborhood.
Mr. DRAKE. Where does it lie?
Mr. HARLAN. It lies in the southwest
corner of the State of Kansas ; or rather on
the south side of the State of Kansas, running
back to the southwest corner of the State.
Mr. DRAKE. Then the proposition of the
committee is to give them about twenty-five
cents an acre for it?
Mr. HARLAN. Not quite so much as that;
the bill as introduced gave a little less than
twenty cents an acre. The committee's price
would be a little over twenty cents an acre.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I trust that
the honorable Senator from Iowa will not in-
sist upon the consideration of this bill at this
time in the morning hour, and without oar
having had any premonition that it was to come
up. 1 have an impression very adverse to every
attempt of this kind, whether by a railroad
company or by the United States, to takeaway
from the Indians for a mere nominal price
lands which have heretofore been assigned to
them. I do not mean to Bay that this bill is
inequitable or unjust, or that it ought not to
pass; but I do say that the price named for
these eight million acres of land seems to
me to be very small indeed. The lands may
be very poor, and they may not be worth this;
they may not be worth anything; but I would
prefer lime to look into this matter. I would
prefer that legislation upon so important a
subject as this should not be precipitated.
Now, this bill opens a new question entirely,
one that this Government has never had to deal
With before in tbia form. Heretofore We have
treated with the Indian tribes. Now the attempt
is being made through the force of an act of
Congress to do everything with reference to
them that heretofore has been done by treaty,
even to the extent of making the United States
a forced purchaser of their land3, saying to
them, "Leave these lands and go elsewhere,
and we will pay you so much for them, or we
will invest so much at interest for them." No
consent, if I understand this bill, is to be given
on the part of the Indians. That consent has
heretofore been sought by treaty. Now the
treaty is withdrawn, and Congress undertakes
to give consent for the United States and for
the Indians ; and, as I understand this bill, it>
just declares so and so shall be law, without
any reference, if I understand the bill correctly,
to the will of the Indians or to their desire.
Well, Mr. President, as I said before, this \
bill may be all right. The presumption may
be in its favor, coming from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, that it is all right; but at the
same time I repeat my request of the honor-
able chairman of that committee not to press
such a bill as this, the initial movement in a
new system to be pursued by the United States
in dealing with the Indian tribes ; not to press 1
it in tho morning hour of the Senate and on a
sudden motion of which we have not had any
previous intimation, bnt let it go over und give
us time to investigate the matter.
Mr. STEWART. I like this bill, as far as I
have had an opportunity to examine it, in the
main, better than the system of Indian treaties.
I think it is an improvement in many respects.
But I see a provision here in the fifth section
of the bill which requires the President to pro-
cure one hundred and sixty acres of land for
each member of n family of this tribe in the
Indian territory. I must say that if any mre
thing has failed of producing good results it
is the moving of Indians from one place to
another. After we have passed over them we
have left a few civilized Indians who have not
been fully exterminated. The Six Nations of
New York have produced us a Commissioner
of Indian Affairs because they were not sent
forwaed, and there are a few civilized Indians
there ; but sending them forward and requiting
them to bein contact with war and with despera-
tion on the frontiers all the while, sending them
to contend with the pioneer settlements, (con-
tests Which probably destroy two white men
for every Indian,) leads to a constant murder-
ous struggle. What the Indiana wish would
be the whole country ; but that cannot be.
No* it does seem to me that these Indians
had better have land right where they are ; let
each of them have the one bondred and sixty
acres which it is here provided they shall have
in the country they are to be removed to.
They had better stay where they are. Give them
one hundred and sixty acres there and let them
have the proceeds of the residue of the land,
which will be ample for the support and educa-
tion of the Indians, and let them be within the
reach of proper influences, with the Quakers to
take charge of them on this good laud. They
have abundance there to provide schools for
them, and you may thus save a remnant of this
tribe and not send them forward. The expense
of moving them forward will absorb a large
part of this fund and other funds that may be
appropriated. It seems to me we had better
keep them where they are. It is necessary that
some of this land should be appropriated to
settlers, and the Government of the United
States has pledged the State of Kansas that it
shall be done. But if these Indians can each
have one hundred and sixty acres of it, and this
fund, which is a very large fund, appropriated
to their education in a locality where they can
be surrounded by civilization, it will be much
better, and then the Quakers who are making
an effort to civilize them can reach them. I
merely make this suggestion to the committee.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 sympathize with -the hon-
orable Senator from Nevada in his kind feel-
ing toward these Indians; but it is very evi-
dent that he has not familiarized himself with
their present condition, nor with the character
of the Osage tribe of Indians themselves.
They are not civilized Indians, although they
have been on the border of civilization for a
very long period of time. They are what are
called " blanket" Indians. They live by the
chase. It has proved impossible thus far to
induce them to adopt the habitB of civilized
life,
Mr. SUMNER. What is their number?
Mr. HARLAN. Their number on actual
count is aboat three thousand, though they
give theit own number at four thousand five
hundred.
After the negotiation of the treaty to which
reference is made in the preamble of this bill
the white people of this country deemed it
almost certain that the treaty, or something in
the same character as the treaty, would be
adopted by the Government; that the lands
would be thrown open to settlers, and " tak-
ing time by the forelock " they have gone on
to the lands. There are probably twenty thou-
sand white people on the lands referred to in
this bill. They are scattered all through them.
They have squatted down on every desirable
quarter-section of land, perhaps, in the wbola
