1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2501
reversed by an appeal from the decision of the
Chair. I would ask that that should not be
done until we have had further time for dis-
cussion and consultation. It occurs tome that
the present practice has very great advantages,
tor we can now calculate with some degree of
certainty on what day a committee will be
called, and in the mean time that committee
can use its time up to the last hour in perfect-
ing its business for presentation to the House.
It would avoid a scramble, and we can imagine
what it would be, for the continuance of morn-
ing hour-business, or otherwise. I thmk this
is a just subject for further consideration. I
therefore ask that this question be notdesided
until there shall be ample opportunity to con-
sult upon and determine this question.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I ask that Ilulo 101 of
this House be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Kulp 104. The House mny at any time, by a vote
ox a majority of the members present, suspend the
rules ana orders tor tlio purposo of going into the
Committee of the Whole on tho state of the Union :
and also for providing l'or tho discharge of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and the Committee of
the Whole House on tho state ol' tile Union irorn
the further consideration of any bill referred to it,
alter acting without, debate on all amendments pond-
ing and that may be offered."
Mr. MAYNARD. What I wish to inquire
of the Chair is whether, under the rule just
read, the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole is not in order at any time ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order
even during the morning hour. The reason
why it is not made under the present practice
of the House is that bills reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations are usually made
special orders in Committee of the Whole after
the morning hour. Therefore there is no ob-
ject in making the preferred motion to go into
Committee of the Whole during the morning
. hour, because if it should be agreed to a single
objection would prevent tho consideration in
Committee of the Whole of any business which
has been made a special order after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask one ques-
tion further. Does that construction of the
one hundred and fourth rule obviate the diffi-
culty suggested by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. The right to make a mo-
tion at any time does not in itself involve the
right to take a member from the floor. If no
member be occupying the floor, the motion of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means or the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriationsisthe highest privileged motion
recognized in the House, but cannot take from
the floor a member who is occupying it upon
the regular order of business. But the motion
to go to the Speaker's table, according to the
practice, can do so; and it is the only motion
by which a member can be taken from the floor.
Mr. COS. 1 move to refer this matter to
the Committee on the Rules, and I hope the
House will agree to this motion. The Speaker
is a member of that committee. The practice,
I believe, has been correctly stated by the
Chair; but that practice comes into collision
with the rule, and the rule ought to be har-
monized with the usage. If the subject be
referred to that commi ttee we can have a prompt
report on the matter, perhaps to-morrow or
next day. If it is in order, I make the motion
to refer this subject to the Committee on the
Rules. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state i
further, lest there should be any misapprehen- !
sion on this subject, that to himself it is a mat- |
ler of entire indifference which construction j
the House may adopt. It is for the Chair sim- |
ply to administer the rules as they may be i
adopted by the House. i
Mr. COLLOM. May I suggest that this sub-
ject be postponed till next Tuesday? This is ;
the last day of the present week that will be I
devoted to public business. The next day when
we shall have public business during the morn
ing hour will be next Tuesday. At that time
the Speaker can make his ruling, and then the
House can decide upon the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chatr will state fur-
ther, that ordinarily, as the business of the
House is now running, the construction as to
this matter might not make any material differ
ence in the course of business. There might
be no difference observable perhaps for weeks.
The only advantage would be that on days when
neither the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means nor the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations indicated any desire to go
into the Committee of the Whole the entire day
would be left for the reports of committees upon
public business. Oftentimes during the session
the discharge of business might thus be greatly
facilitated. _ Under the present practice, if at
the expiration of the formal morning hour the
Committee ol W ays and Means or the Commit-
teo_ on Appropriations has no business upon
which to go into the Committee of tho Whole
the House, especially during tho first half of
the session, finds itself without any business
before it. In this aspect of the question the
other construction might operate very bene-
ficially with reference to the business of the
committees.
Mr. SCHENCIv. If the Chair will allow
me, I wish to add a single remark to the state-
ment I have already made of my recollection
on this subject. According to my remembrance
the Speaker is perfectly correct as to what was
the old practice, to let the morning hour run
on until interrupted. I think, however, I recol-
lect also the reason of the change. There was
daily at the end of the morning hour a struggle,
occupying frequently a good deal of time ; and
finally the House settled down into the con-
struction which has now prevailed for many
years, iu order to get rid of that daily struggle
as to which business of a public character should
have precedence. This is the only way in which
I can account for the growth of a practice which
seems to me to be really opposed to the rule,
and which I am sure is opposed to what was
the ancient practice.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair will observe
that this question involves very grave points ;
and this somewhat informal discussion has
been encouraged by the Chair in order that
members might arrive at a full understanding
as to the question really involved.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the matter will be
postponed till next Tuesday.
Mr. COX. Is ray motion to refer the sub-
ject to the Committee on the Rules in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] asks that this whole subject
be referred to the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not think the question
ought to be so referred. So far as the mere
rule is concerned the matter is clear enough.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the question can be better settled in
the House than in the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. In order to arrive at
some result I move to lay the motion of the
gentleman from New York on the table.
Mr. COX. I do not wish to take up time,
and I will withdraw my motion.
DIPLOMATIC DEFICIENCY DILL.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Appropriations,
for the purpose of putting on its passage at this
time, a bill (H. R. No. 1713) to supply defi-
ciencies in appropriations for salaries of United |
States ministers for tho fiscal year ending June
30.1870.
There was no objection.
The bill was read a first and second time. [
The bill, which was read, appropriates the I
sum of $100,375 to supply a deficiency iu the I
salaries of United States ministers for the •
fiscal year ending June 30, 1S70. '
Mr. SCHENCK. I have only yielded on
the condition this shall not take more than
three minutes.
J he as brief as I can.
JMr. Speaker, the State Department was only
informed of this deficiency last evening. It
arises from appropriating specifically, and no
more, the exact salary fixed by law. Prom
year to year there have been changes in the
foreign ministers, and those changes have re-
sulted in this deficiency. A new minister is
entitled to the pay of minister for a month before
he leaves and until he reaches his destination,
and the incumbent is entitled to pay until lie
returns. That has resulted for several years
back in a deficiency which has gone over from
year to year. Last year there were quite a
number of changes, more than usual in ordin-
ary years, and those changes have increased
this deficiency;
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If I under-
stand the gentleman the expense of changing
our foreign embassadors and ministers during
this Administration has been for the past year
over one hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. DAWES. 1 have not so stated. I said
that half the deficiency was because of those
changes, while the other half of the deficiency
has come down to us from the same practice
during previous years. I have a letter from
the First, Comptroller which fully explains this
matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask that the letter be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
TBHASUKY Department,
Comftkoli.er's Office, April 5,1870.
Sat: Referring to my letter of March 31, respect-
ing the condition of tho appropriation for salaries
of united States ministers, and to tho oral request
ol yesterday of Mr. ]3aker, I make tlio following
statement:
Sincc Mr. Baker's call T find th.it tho appropria-
tion for the mission to Uruguay had notboon carried
into tho appropriation books of this Department,
lhis has now been done, and tho account stands as
follows:
July 1, balance from former appropria-
tions  ^;U| 2',)
Appropriation, ac: March 3,1809  310',0U0 W
Appropriation tor Uruguay, same act  0,109 Co
Total  323,03J 01
Amount drawn £308,031 50
^Requisition, taxes  9,730 07
Requisition S. A. Hudson  oOO 00
  318,2G2 47
Balance subject to requisition  $4,791 -17
Tho act of March 3, 18G9, appropriated the sum
required to pay the annual salaries of tho ministers,
and no more, making no provision for time occupicd
in receiving instructions and in making the transit
to and from their posts of duty, nor making any pro-
vision for similar domands accruing prior to July,
I860, to bo paid during the current fiscal year.
During this year there has been paid on these
accounts to ministers going abtoad the >u\u
of.  $32,92.^ 00
To ministers returning home  21,1325 00
Making  54,2-30 00
There has also been paid during tlio year
on account of tax on salaries which ac-
crued prior thereto the sum of   12,003 00
Total  $f)6,8r>3 00
And this sum of $66,853 thus paid exhibits a defi-
ciency to that amount at the present time, which
will probably be incicabed fiom like causes during
the present year.
3.ike causes for excess of expenditure over appro-
priations have existed during several years past m
various degrees, so that on more than one occasion,
in addition to salaries tor the fourth quarter, which
.ire never paid until tho beginning of the next year,
ii has been iound necessary to postpone the payment
of dratts drawn on account of salaries for the tiiiid
quarter until tho appropriation for tho sueceGuin,.:
year has become subject to warrant.
I. have thus shown the deficiency of the apri°:'i!
a'ionfor the current fiscal year up to the
time ; and if the accumulations of former years tc-ui -
porarily carried over in the way slated be aadeii i aai
deficiency will bo largely increased 5 to what exUmi
can be ascertained onIy_by a thorough examination
of the accounts of the ministers.
