1870.
WW CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
district of country. The Indians have been
pushed off. A majority of them are not in the
State of Kansas or on these lands at the pres-
ent time. A few of them occupy their " vil-
lages, " as they call them, but the great body
ot theia are now roaming over the country,
tome of them down in the Indian territory,
and some of them probably out in the buffalo
region.
It lias become a necessity to do something
with these Indians. Their homes are occupied
by our own people, and occupied alter the
white people deemed it certain that the United
States would become in some form the owner
of these lands. The wiuter is nearly passed,
aud if anything is to be done with these In-
diaas before the planting of a new crop it
must be done by Congress now very soon. It
will be necessary to provide for them ia the
course of the ooming month, if anything is to
be done for them in the way of improving a
new home for the cultivation of a crop the
coming year.
The Senator from Missouri stated that this
question has been sprung on the Senate. The
bill was introduced nearly a month ago,, and
his been printed and on the files of Senators
during that whole period of time. I think it
was introduced on the 10th of this month, and
the treaty, which embodies the main feature
of the bill, has beeu before the Senate for
about two years.
1 think the Senator cannot very well claim
that the question has beeu sprung oa the atten-
tion of the Senate. It ought to have been
under the consideration of the honorable Sen-
ator during the long period since which the
treaty was sent to the Senate by the President
of the United States, which treaty embodies
the main features of this bill. The great change
proposed in this bill does not affect the rights
of the Indians. It proposes to substitute the
Government of the United States for a railroad
company as purchaser of these lands, and to
take the lands at the priee which the Indians
themselves agreed to take for the lands, which
price they were able to procure from other
parties. The Committee on Indian Affairs
deemed it just, however, to increase this price
irom $1,600,090, for the whole tract, to
$2,000,000. Now, if the honorable Senator
from Missouri, or any other member of this
body, deems that price too small, it will be
competent for him to move to increase the
price to the amount which he may deem a just
consideration for these lands ; but I beg such
Senators to bear ia mind that just to the extent
that the price is increased you tax the Treasury
«1 the United States. 1 beg such Senators
«lso to bear in mind that these Indians own
these lands only by virtue of previous occu-
pancy. Their district of country has been
gradually diminished from a very large scope
of eountcy, originally including the States of
Missouri and Arkansas and a iarge part of the
Indian territory and the whole of the south
of Kansas, down to these eight million acres.
They hold ifcby the ordinary Indian title and
not by the title under which the most of the
Indians in the southwestern country hold their
lands.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire of
the Senator, for information, whether if these
Indians are removed there is a place for them
•to have a chase? If they are sent to the region
proposed, do they not come in contact with
other Indians, and will they not neeessarily be
ia war and have to live by plunder of Indians
and whites? Is there any locality now, as we
are situated, to send them to and give them a
place for a chase that amounts to anything? - j
Mr. HARLAN. Provision has beeu made j
in the treaties negotiated and ratified with the j
Clierokees, Choc taws and Chickasaws, Creeks j
and Senjinoles, in the year 1866, under which
the United States acquired the right to settle
other Indians on the Cherokee lands west of
the meridian of ninety-six degrees, and also on
the western portion of the Creek country, on
any portion of the Seminole country, and in
any part of that country known as the leased
lands," previously under the control of the
Choctaws and Chickasaws.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont Idesireto ask
the Senator from Iowa whether these blanket
Indians, accustomed only to obtain their living
by the chase, after having occupied this large
apace of laud, can obtain a living when they are
reduced to one hundred and sixty acres for
each person ? That is the provision of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. That is the policy which
has been gradually adopted by the Government
of the United States for the last thirty or forty
years, to induce, if possible, even the wild
Ind>ansto locate on limited reservations. We
hear a great deal said about a change of policy
on the suty'ectof the management of the Indian
tribes. Mr. President, there has been no change
for the last fifty years, and there is none in
progress now. We are simply pursuing that
which has been the policy of the Government
from the beginning, to induce the wild Indians
as rapidly as possible to give up their roaming
habits of life and become denizens of districts
of country with definite metes and bounds. It
is hoped that these Osage Indians may be
induced in time to adopt civilized habits of
life ; and as it becomes a necessity to remove
them from the State of Kansas, their country
, being already occupied by our own people, there
is no choice of expedients; they must be pro-
j vided for somewhere, and we have no other
. home to give them than in the Indian country.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa whether we have not
from time to time heretofore made treaties
with these same Indians diminishing the tracts
of couutry which they claimed, and at last
made a treaty with them which secured to them
the reservation' of these eight million acres.
Have not their limits been contracted by treaty
i from time to time.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that is true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if that is so, I
; should like to make another inquiry, whether
they will have any better protection in the res-
ervation to which it is now proposed to move
them than they had on their present reserva-
tion, which was guarantied to them by treaty ?
And when Kansas was admitted into the Union
this land was expressly excepted from the juris-
diction of the State of Kansas. And if twenty
thousand people have gone there on their res-
ervation, and they are to be driven off, what is to
protect them when they get another reserva-
j tion ? It seems to me we just move these In-
dians from reservation to reservation, pledging
I the faith of the natibn that we will protect
' them, and then when we do not do it, move
them again until we move them into eternity,
and that is the last of them.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, there is no
other guarantee on this earth bat the good faith
of the Government of the United States and
the will of the Indians, nothing else ; and if
the United States should hereafter decide to
•move them elsewhere and the Indians should
agree to it, they will be moved doubtless. But
in the treaties negotiated in 1866, to which I
have previously referred, the United States
has acquired the right to settle Indians on the
different districts of country to which I have
referred within the limits of the Indian terri-
tory, thereby indicating the purpose of the
Government never to throw open that district
of couutry, to settlement by white people, but
to preserve it as a home for Indians.
SENATOR FROM MISSISSIPPI.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired and the question of privilege
is before the Senate. The pending question is
on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey
.[Mr. Stockton] to refer the credentials of H.
R. Revels, Senator-elect from the State of Mis-
sissippi, to the Committee on the Judiciary^
with instructions.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I present the creden-
tials of Adelbert Ames, Senator-elect from the
State of Mississippi, for the term ending March
4, 1875. I move that they be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, the subject
now before the Senate for consideration and
action, in my opinion is one of the most im-
portant ever presented to a deliberative body.
It is next in importance to the question ofpea.ce
and of war. It is a grave subject which should
be approached without any feeling of prejudice
or of party. It is a question which rises infi-
nitely superior to any party consideration. It
is one presented to us as a court of justice.
t The Senator from Michigan [Mr, Howard]
j on yesterday truly said that we were "in some
| sort a court of justice." We should decide
] the question before us as judges sworn to de-
cide according to law, and we should approach
the subject with impartiality and a desire to
j arrive at a correct legal result. It is a great
constitutional question.
The subject before the Senate is one which
relates to the eligibility of an individual elected
to this body. That question involves the three
qualifications which the Constitution of the
country requires of persons before they can
take a seatin this Assembly: the first, that they
shall have been citizens of the United States for
: nine years 5 secondly, that they shall be inhab-
itants of the State from which they are elected;
and thirdly, that they shall be of the age of
thirty years.
Now, the question of reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary includes all three in-
quiries, whether this party is thirty years of age,
)s a legal inhabitant of the State of Mississippi,
1 and has been a citizen of the United States for
nine consecutive years. I do not propose, to
dwell upon any of these propositions except
the. one of citizenship; and the question for
the Senate to consider is whether he has been
a citizen of the United States for nine years.
That is the point which I wish to present to and
impress upon the judgment of the Senate.
1 shall rely mainly on the judgment of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the case
of Scott vs. Sandford, which has been referred
to, and upon the opinion delivered by Chief
Justice Taney on behalf of a large majority of
that court.
I know that decision has been denounced
not only in the Senate but in the country, but
it Rtands unrepealed, and is the adjudicated law
of the land. Chief Justice Taney, was in social
life one of the most exemplary of men. His
private character was pure and unsullied. He
was honest, just, and faithful. He performed
all the duties of private, social, and public,life
with that fidelity and correctness which we
should expect from a man so viftnous and
exalted. There has never beeu a blemish upon
his private or his public-life, j believe, although
I am not fully qualified to say, that he was not
a slaveholder. J think he wa9 not, and I am
sure that I am justified in saying thai.iafter he
was placed upon the bench he separated him-
self from the politiosof the country and never
exercised the right of suffrage. His ambition
was to make an upright, able, and impartial
judge, and he entered and left public office
with as clean hands as any man that ever lived
in this country. He entered it peer and he left
it in the same condition, and bequeathed as a
heritage to his family a high, pare, and exalted
reputation.
So much for the character of the judge.
Now, what was that opinion ? It was upon a
case which involved the citizenship of a.suitor
in the courts of the United States. The Con-
stitution gave jurisdiction to those courts be-
tween parties who are, citizens of different
States. The very question presented to the
consideration of the court was, whether the
parties plaintiff, Dred Scott and others, were
citizens of the United. States within the con-
stitutional intendment. To thowtbatthe court
