1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5383
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move to
make the number " two hundred and seventy-
five," and I ask for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "three hundred" where
ever it occurs in the amendment and inserting
"two hundred and seventy-five," and upon this
amendment he asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas *tnd nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I was in favor of that
proposition when this bill was before the
Senate on a former occasion ; but I shall vote
against it now because I believe its adoption
will endanger the passage of the bill through
the House.
Mr. CONIfLINGr. The House make this
very proposition,
Mr. MORTON. No; not this one.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, r.ays 34 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Colo, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Drake, Fen toe, Fowler, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harris, Kellogg, Morriil
ol Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Saulsbury,
Scott, Sherman, Stockton, and Williams—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cragin, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Howard, Howe, Howell, Lewis, McCreery, Mc-
Donald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice,Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz,
Knrague, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey,
Wilson, and Yates—31.
ABSENT'—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Edmunds, Perry, Flan-
agan, J ohnston, Norton. Revels, Spencer, Sumner,
Thayer, I'hurman, and Vickers—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan".]
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further amendment the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole will be regarded as
concurred in, and the bill read a third time;
and the question is on its passage.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. The bill is now in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
regard it as not read the third time. The
Chair supposed that no other amendment
would be offered. The question is on the third
reading of the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to offer an amendment,
to come in at the end of the fourth section of
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, in
those words:
And this act shall not go into effect until after
the apportionment, made under it by the Secretary
of the Interior shall have been approved by aet ot
Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. ThatvWlI not do.
Mr. SCOTT. Allow me one moment. I
wish to offer the amendment, and I desire a
vote upon it-
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will defeat the
bill.
Mr. MORTON. Let the amendment be
reported at the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
And this act shall not go Into effect until after
the apportionment made under it by the Secretary
of the Interior shall have been approved by act oi
Congress.
Mr. SCOTT. I have not given this subject
a very careful examination, and I am aware
that in previous apportionment bills the prac-
tice has been pursued of directing the Secretary
of the Interior, npon the basis of the enumer-
ation ofinhabitants, to make the apportionment
<oi"Representatives. But, sir, it has struck me
^hat that is delegating a legislative power to an
officer of the Government who is not clothed
by the Constitution with any legislative power.
The clause in the Constitution which provides
for the -apportionment of Representatives, be-
fore it was amended by the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment, re&d thus:
_ "Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union,according to their respective
numbers, which shall be determined by addingto the*
whole number of freepersons, including those bound
to service for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
In this clause the apportionment of Repre-
sentatives and of direct taxes is joined together;
and if Congress may delegate to the Secretary
of the Interior the apportionment of Repre-
sentatives, then it may also delegate to the
Secretary of the interior the apportionjnentof
direct taxes. If it came to that, question, I
think there are but few members of Congress
who would be willing to place in the hands of
any Department of this Government so delicate
a task as that of apportioning the proportion
of direct taxes which should be borne by the
respective States. Now, sir, the right of rep-
resentation is just as sacred a one, just as dear
a one, and ought to be justfts sacredly guarded
as the burden of taxation, and it strikes me it
is well worthy of investigation whether Con-
gress may delegate to the head of a Depart-
ment the business of apportioning Represent-
atives.
This becomes especially more :mportant in
view of the fourteenth amendment, which in-
troduces a new element into this apportion-
ment, namely, the number of persons who
maybe disfranchised or denied the right of the
elective franchise in the several States. It is
now a more complex operation to apportion
Representatives among the States than it was
before the adoption of the fourteenth amend-
ment. This proposition virtually comes to
this : that Congress turns over to the head of
the Department of the Interior the right of ap-
portioning Representatives, and the right to rep-
resentation is thus to remain fixed for ten years
without an act of Congress actually determ-
ining what the apportionment is. The rights,
then, of the States depend upon the action
taken, not by Congress, not by any archives to
which you can have access in the office of the
Secretary of State, but upon an arithmetical
computation made by the Secretary of the
Interior and filed in his office, although there
is a provision in this bill for transmitting that
arithmetical computation made by him.
Now, I call attention to this simply. I say
I have not examined it with any degree of
care ; but it strikes me that,, especially at this
time, when we have new elements entering
into the question of apportionment,, we ought
to be slow about turning over the exercise of
that power to the Secretary of the Interior,
especially in view of the fact that we do abridge
the period of representation under the former
apportionment bill to eight years, as was stated
by the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
when we had the subject under consideration
a few days ago.
1 do not pretend, to enter into an argument
on this question, Mr. President, for I have not
examined it fully enough to make one; but I
do desire to call the attention of the Senate to
this feature of the bill before we go further.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to take
any considerable time in replying to the Sen-
ator. The same suggestion was made the other
day, and it is a sufficient answer to it, I think,
in the first place to state that the Congress of
the United States in 1850 provided for a per-
manent apportionment of members of Congress
among the several States on the census in this
wise:
" So soon as the next and each subsequent enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of the several States, re-
quired by the Constitution of the united States to be
taken, shall be completed and returned to the office
of the Department of the Interior, it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to ascertain the
aggregate representative population ot the United
Stales by adding tu the whole number of free per-
fort V
Tlien it goes on just as this lull (loos, making
it the duty of (he Secretary of the Interior to
make the calculation on the census aa it 19
returned of the number of Representatives to
which each Stateis entitled. This is a perma-
nent law passed in 1860, upon which the rep-
resentation of 1850 was apportioned, and again
in 1860, although we made some change in the
law after the Secretary of the Interior had made
his apportionment upon the census of 1860.
Now, the Senator from Pennsylvania might
just as well insist, under this clause of the Con-
stitution that requires the enumeration of the
inhabitants, that the Congress of the United
States should itself make the enumeration ; he
might just as well require the Congress of the
United States to go out and personally count
all the people of this country, as to require
that they should make the division among the
several States of the numbers when they are
returned. We make the apportionment. The
law declares that there shall be so many Rep-
resentatives in the Congress of tiie United
States, aud they are to be apportioned on the
census which is to be made up according to
fixed and prescribed rules of law. It will bo
a ministerial act to make the additions and
divisions under our law. That is all there is
of it.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Illinois
permit me to call his attention to the fact that
instead of this provision being open to the con-
struction that Congress shall go out and make
the enumeration it is expressly provided that
the enumeration is to be made "in such man-
ner as Congress shall by law direct?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like ttflfciow if
the apportionment is not to be in such manner
as Congress by law direct.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the difference,
then ?
Mr. SCOTT. The point 1 wish to make is
this: "is not the apportionment properly a legis-
lative act? Will the Senator say that we can
clothe the Secretary of the Interior with the
power of apportioning the direct taxes that
may be laid under the Constitution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. After we had fixed the
rule, clearly ; and we should do it in all human
probability. We need notprovide thatsomany
clollars and cents shall be assessed on the State
of Pennsylvania, and so many on the State of
Illinois ; but we may provide Ijy law for raising
a direct tax of $100,000,000, to be apportioned
among the several States, according to their
population, in the mode fixed by the Constitu-
tion, and direct the proper officer to make the
apportionment. Unquestionably we need not
make the calculations ourselves. It is a mere
ministerial act.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Illinois if the direct tax in 1861 was not appor-
tioned in that way?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not the statute
before me at this moment.
Sir. SCOTT. I should like very much, as
the Senator from Illinois has doubtless given
this subject more attention than 1 have, to put
this inquiry to him: if in making that appor-
tionment the Secretary of the Interior should
so make it as to deprive any State of a Repre-
sentative, where is the remedy to be?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume if he made
a wrong calculation the State would elect its
proper number. The people will make the
calculation-for themselves; and if the Secre-
tary of the Interior allows to Pennsylvania but
five members, when she has a population of
three millions, and is entitled to a great many
more, I presume her people would elect the
requisite number, and when they came to the
House they would all be admitted, and the
Secretary of the Interior would be impeached
and dismissed. That probably would be the
remedy.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
The amendment was rejected.
