1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
245
House should understand the bill—for many
gentlemen do not understand it—than that time
should be taken up with dilatory motions. And,
speaking for myself, and I believe also for a
large number on this side of the House, I will
say that if time is given us until three or four
o'clock to-morrow we will submit, as we are
compelled to submit, to the power of the major-
ity, and will agree to have a vote taken without
more opposition than we ought properly to
make.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say to the House that my wish was that there
should be a vote to-morrow and discussion till
that time. But the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] occupying the prominent place he
does on the other side of the House, does not
yield to the wish of his associates; and therefore
we can only stand by parlimentary law. If it
can be understood that a vote shall be had on
the passing of this bill to-morrow at three
o'clock I shall modify my resolution accord-
ingly and let the debate go on till that time.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] either has misunderstood
me or persists in misrepresenting me. I have
said nothing on this question in contradiction
to what my colleague on the Committee of
Reconstruction, the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] has just said, that we are quite
willing to take the vote to-morrow at three or
four o'clock, reserving to ourselves the right
to make proper and legitimate opposition. I
do not include in that factious opposition or
any motions which the Chair might deem
dilatorv.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
to modify the resolution so as to change the
time till three o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, as modi-
fied, will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
liesolved. That the rules be suspended, and the
House proceed at once to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 281) entitled "An act to promote the re-
construction of the State of Georgia," and that at
three o'clock p. m. to-morrow, or as soon thereafter
us possibl--,tho Housewitl.withoutdilatoryniotions,
proceed to vote on the passage of the same.
Mr. BURR. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that he
include a session to-night for debate on the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire whether this
motion will exclude the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would so rule.
It would exclude it for two reasons: by the
understanding which the resolution implies,
and by the fact that the bill would come up as
unfinished business.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to introduce an appro-
priation bill to morrow for a very small sum,
which is deemed by the Departments abso-
lutely necessary. I would desire to have that
bill put on its passage, and I do not think it
would take a moment's debate. I would like
to do it if I can have that understanding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can get it
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. So I understand.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
now interpose a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to do so.
I suppose that by general nnderstandmgl might
have that privilege some time to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to ask it now or then ?
Mr. DAWES. I propose to introduce the
bill to-morrow. If it causes any lengthy do-
bate I will withdraw it out of the way of this
bill, I ask unanimous consent to introduce an
appropriation bill to-morrow and put it upon
its passage.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
Mr. VOORHEES. There is no disposition
to object to anything coming from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, I know ; but I sug-
gest that it would be better for the gentleman
to wait until to-morrow and make the request
then, and if it is seen then that but little time
will be consumed I think there will be no ob-
jection ; if, on the other hand, it should give
rise to debate there would be objection.
Mr. DAWES. I would do that if the Chair
would rule that I can ask unanimous consent
to-morrow under this order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Appropriations have a right to report at any
time.
Mr. DAWES. Not under this order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Appro-
priations has a right to report at any time for
reference to the Committee of the Whole, but
not for consideration. The Chair would aak
unanimous consent to-morrow for the gentle-
man as readily as now.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to know whether
the suggestion made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that I might move
to postpone the consideration of this bill to a
day certain will be excluded by the passage of
this resolution?
The SPEAKER. The terms of the resolu-
tion would bring the House at three o'clock
to-morrow to a direct vote upon agreeing to
the bill as it now stands.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then my motion to post-
pone the bill till the third Wednesday in Janu-
ary will be excluded ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Massachusetts desires
to bring the House to a vote on the passage of
the bill, excluding all Other motions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Excluding amend-
ments?
The SPEAKER. When the bill is up the
power to amend will be recognized.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to reserve the
right to move to postpone the consideration of
the bill until the third Wednesday in January,
and I desire also to state to the House the
reasons that operate on my mind in making
that motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 must
ask a vote on my resolution as modified.
Mr. DAWES. Cannot the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingiiam] make his motion to post-
pone any time previous to three o'clock to-
morrow ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the Chair hold
that the bill will bo open to amendment under
this rule if the resolution passes?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
ruling which will be enforced in regard to the
bill in case the resolution shall be adopted.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] in-
dicates his purpose to move to postpone the
bill to a d.vy certain. He can make that
motion and call the previous question on it
and have a vote on it immediately. So, too,
any gentleman can offer any amendment he.
desires. But if the resolution passes in its
present shape, at the hour of three o'clock
p. m. the Chair will be compelled to put the
vote on the bill as it stands with any amend-
ments that may have been adopted. In the
mean time any gentleman can move to amend
the bill if he cati get the floor.
Mr. WOOD. I understand the Speaker to
determine, then, that between this and to-mor-
row any member having the floor can either
make a motion to postpone or to amend?
The SPEAKER. Certainly ; the Chair so
rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
it would be better to modify the resolution so
as to bring the House to a vote on the bill and
the pending amendments at three o'clock to-
morrow. The House will not want to interrupt
the debate to-morrow for the purpose of voting
ou amendments that may be offered. It would
be much better to vote on the amendments and
the bill, for amendments are not dilatory mo-
tions if offered in good faith.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now call
for the vote on my resolution as modified.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman under-
stand his resolution as construed by the Chair?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to,
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 281, to promote the re-
construction of the State of Georgia; which
was taken from the Speaker's table and read a
first, and second time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the Governor of the State
of Georgia be, and hereby is, authorized and
directed forthwith, by proclamation, to sum-
mon all persons elected to the General Assem-
bly of said State as appears by the proclama-
tion of George G. Meade, the general com-
mandingthe military district including the State
of Georgia, dated June 25, 1868, to appear on
some day certain, to be named in said proc-
lamation, at Atlanta, in said State; and there-
upon the said General Assembly of said State
shall proceed to perfect its organization in con-
formity with the Constitution and laws of the
United States, according to the provisions of
this act.
The second section provides that when the
members so elected to said senate and hotxse
of representatives shall be convened each and
every member and each and every person claim-
ing to be elected as a member of said senate or
house of representatives shall, in addition to
taking the oath or oaths required by the con-
stitution of Georgia, also take and subscribe
and file in the office of the secretary of state of
the State of Georgia one of the following oaths
or affirmations, namely: " I do solemnly swear
(or affirm, as the case may be) that I have
never held the office or exercised the duties
of a Senator or Representative in Congress,
nor been a member of the Legislature of any
State of the United States, nor held any civil
office created by law for the administration of
any general law of a State, or for the admin-
istration of justice in any State or under the
laws of the United States, nor held any office
in the military or naval service of the United
States, aud thereafter engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the United States, or gave
aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered, ex-
cept in consequence of direct physical force,
any support or aid to any insurrection or rebel-
lion against the United States, nor held any
office under or given any support to any gov-
ernment of any kind organized or acting in
hostility to the United States or levying war
against the United States. So help me God.
(or 011 the pains and penalties of peijury, as
the case may be.") Or the following'oath or
affirmation, namely: "I do solemnly swear (or
affirm, as the case may be) that I have been
relieved, by an act of Congress of the United
States, from disability as provided for by sec-
tion three of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. So help me
God, (or on the pains and penalties of perjury,
as the case may be.") Which oath or affirma-
tion, when so filed, shall be entered of reeord
by the secretary of state of the State of Geor-
gia, and said oath or affirmation, or a copy of
the record thereof, duly certified by said secre-
tary of state, shall be evidence in all courts and
places. And every person claiming to fie so
elected who shall refuse or decline or neglect
or be unable to take one of said oaths or affirm-
ationsabove provided shall not be admitted to a
seat in said senate or house of representative-,
or toaparticipation in the proceedings thereof,
but shall be deemed ineligible to such seats.
O.he: third section provides that if any per-
son claiming to be elected to said senate or
house of representatives, as aforesaid, shall
I fa.sely take either of said oaths or affirmations
above provided, he shall be deemed guilty of
perjury and shall sutler the pains and penalties
thereof; and may be tried, convicted, and pun-
ished tnerefor by the circuit court of the United
.States for the district of Georgia in which dis-
trict said crime was committed ; and the juris-
diction of said court shall be sole and exclusive
,p. PurPOse aforesaid.
I he fourth section provides that the persons
elected as aforesaid and entitled to compose
such Legislature, aud who shall complv v/ul:
