1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
41st Cong....2d Sess
National Currency—dir. Garfield.
Ho. of Heps.
000. Pass oil to July, 1809, and you find the
amount reduced to $49,815,000. Take the
statement of April last, and you lind that they
amounted to little more than $45,000,000.
During the last twenty months the three per
cents, have been reduced by the redemption of
over $11,000,000; and the reduction is still
going on. The men who hold them can demand
their redemption any day. It has been aud'is
the policy of the Secretary of the Treasury, at
least so tar as can be judged from his acts, to
redeem and cancel them, and he needs no law
to enable him to do so. Now, the House can
reject this bill if it pleases, but the three per
cents, are going to disappear any way, unless
we pass a law to forbid it, and 1 think that is
not likely to happen.
Mr. CO BURN. Will my colleague allow
roe to ask him a question?
.Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man what probability he thinks there is of a
banker suirendeting the three per cent, cer-
tilicates held by him?
Mr. G AUF1ELD of Ohio. In reply to my
colleague's question, I point him to the fact
that $14,500,000 of three per cent, certificates
have been surrendered by bankers within the
last twenty months, and that there is constantly
going on a redemption of them without reissue.
The Government has a right to redeem them,
and the people have a right to present them
for redemption at any hour. That is the fact.
And yet all these wise financial gentlemen
utterly ignore—perhaps I should say do not
know—that fact when they talk of the three per
cents, as if they were greenbacks, and a fixed
portion of the currency. Now. 1 may be called
a theorist, hut, here are some facts for gentle-
men to consider.
Again, whenever there is a panic in the conn-
try the holders rush these three per cent, cer-
tificates into the Treasury and get currency for
them. Why? Because they cannot use them
as currency anywhere in the world, except as
reserves in the banks. When the panic occurred
last September $7,000,000 of three per cent,
certificates leaped out of the banks and were
either exchanged for currency or used as col-
laterals to borrow money upon ; and while thus
used they icrmed no portion whatever of the
reserves of the banks, and therefore performed
no function of currency. There has been
for the last eighteen months on an average
$3,000,000 of three per cent, certificates that
have not been used as bank reserves, and that,
therefore, have in no respect performed the
functions of currency. And yet every gentle-
man who has argued that this bill was a meas-
ure of contraction has persistently, with ears
stopped and with dust in the air all around
him, ignored the fact that $3,000,000 of these
tluee per eeut. certificates are not to-day, and
never have been in any sense, a portion of the
currency of the country.
My second point is, that everybod}' thus far
who claims that, this biil is a measure of con-
traction has said or assumed that if the three
per cents, are retired their entire volume will
be supplied by greenbacks, taken out of the
active circulation of the country and placed in
the banks as reserves. Now, this I deny, with
the most absolute assurance of the correctness
of my denial. Why? The national banks now j
hold $55,000,000 inore of reserves than they
are requited by law to hold. If you take up
the three per cent, certificates now a part of
their reserves, the result will he that the banks
will hold less surplus reserves. They will
not reach out. into the country and call in
8-15,000,000 of active circulation to supply the
place in their reserves of these three per cent,
certificates. They will simply reduce the vol-
ume of their surplus reserves. And to that
extent the retiring of the three per cent, cer-
tificates will not affect the active volume of the
currency at all.
But assume, for the sake of argument, that
every dollar of the three per cents, now used
by the banks as reserves will be replaced by
greenbacks taken directly from the active cir-
culation of the country. Then the gross con-
traction will amount to $42,000,000, and not
one dollar more; because that is the amount
of the three per cents, now used by the banks
as a portion of their reserves. You will then
contract $42,000,000 and issne $45,000,000.
We are told that for the $45,000,000 to be
issued there must be twenty per cent., or
$9,000,000 of greenbacks locked up as reserves j
with which to redeem them. Granted ; but I ;
reply that all the gentlemen ignore the third j
fact, which I propose to notice, that in starting i
new banks with a circulation of $45,000,000 j
in portions of the country which are now des- i
titute of banking facilities we shall thereby
largely increase the credit currency of the
country, to the full extent of the checks, drafts,
&c., which will be issued and passed from hand
to hand by these new banks in the settlement
of debts. This incontestable fact these gentle-
men ignore ; not one of them even attempted
to answer it. On the contrary, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Townsend] has ex-
pressed with great force his conviction that
therein there is inflation provided for by this
bill.
Now, there is another fact to which I wish
to call attention, the last that I propose to
notice of these ignored facts of this case. All
the gentlemen who have figured up a contrac-
tion in this bill have entirely ignored the
fact that every dollar of circulation that will
be issued under the provision for free banking
upon a gold basis will be an absolute addition
to the present volume of the currency. They
fix their eyes on what they call the contractive
features and utterly ignore the fact to which I
have just alluded. No gentleman, I think,
will venture to deny what all the Represent-
atives, so far as I know, of the State of Cal-
ifornia assert, that if this bill be passed banks
on a gold basis will immediately be organized
on the Pacific coast. The Assistant Comptrol-
ler of the Currency, in a statement which I
received from him this morning, says that if
this bill be passed California will probably not
take her share of the $45,000,000; that she j
will, instead, establish banks on a gold basis.
This is what will be done generally on the
Pacific coast. New Orleans also will start gold i
banks; so I have no doubt will Charleston. |
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Notwithstanding the I
premium on gold! |
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. Now, Mr. Speak- j
er, I have here a. table showing where the j
$45,000,000 issued under the first section of this j
bill will go. When gentlemen say there will j
be no redistribution under this bill, I call their ;
attention to this table. The gentleman from j
Indiana [Mr. Coburn] says that he wants a !
general redistribution, which shall .reach the j
whole body of our banking circulation, which ;
shall do full justice between the East and the j
West, the North and the South. I will remind |
him that last winter he tried to get through '
this House a bill for redistribution, general j
and sweeping in its character; but it was im- I
possible to pass it. I remind him of the fur- i
ther fact, and it is an important one, that should ]
he attempt to redistribute the whole body of i
our banking currency, taking, for example, i
Soti,000,000 from Massachusetts, $12,000,000 j
from Rhode Island, as much more from Con- |j
nectieut, fifteen or twenty millions from the city ■
of New York, it was alleged there would foi- ;j
low a severe shock to the business community. ;j
Anxious to avoid such a shock, the conferees ij
on the part of the Sei.ate and the House jj
thought that there could safely be issued i>
$45,000,000 in lieu of the three per cent, cer-
tificates wh'eh are to be taken up at any rate.
In order that the withdrawal of these three
per cent, certificates might not operate as a
contraction of the currency we have thought
be^t to provide for putting into circulation in
their pluce $45,000,000, to be distributed to
the South and the West. 13ut as that amount
will not give those sections of the country
their proper proportion it is proposed that
$25,000,000 iti addition shall be taken as it
may be required, not violently, but after due
notice, from the States having an excess, and
shall be distributed over (he South ami the
West.
I ask the Clerk to read the table to which I
I have referred, showing what will be the distri-
j bution of the $45,000,000 provided for in the
| first section of the bill.
j The Clerk read as follows :
! TahJe filtoioina the States vl ich will b" rmtitled to the.
' $45.000,0U), 71 inter the proponed Ir-rjivlatiwt, together
j icithtbe amount to be iwued to each.
j States aacl rilorHB. Aiut?frn/v.
■ Virginia S-l.tiftVftj
West Virginia  3il,'S, l
Illinois  Sill.OS'.f
| Michigan  fv.SGSO
j Wisconsin :  1.763,0 ,!J
; Iowa  587,(32
K.insa-,  3-15 «)1
Missouri   2,.">00,:G'J
; Kentucky  3.&y:;2l
i Tenne=f>ee  3 tTO.CSJ
Louisiana  4 52l 22,}
Missis=j!>i;i    2,4a;.o71
f (Tcoriri.i  o
North O.ii-oiinfi  
' South Carolina  3,r>lt.2lo
j Alabama   o.4tli.]v>
; Oregon  l.il.ti'l
: 'iWas   l.wJ.o-a
| Arkansas  1,212 t-.?4
Utah  4,S,tU.t
! California'"  1,131.ISO
j Florida  4.V> ?, rt
| Dakota    12
; New Mexico    2,*1x27
! Washington Territory 
Total «15,OUO.OOO
Mr. GAPvFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Sneaker,
it will be observed there are $45,000,000 to be
divided between twenty-six States, in many of
which there is not a single national bank and
in others only one or two, while the southern
States which have been restored to the Union
since the war have not one dollar of banking
circulation where the}' had ten before the war.
If we hope to thrive by perpetuating the great
wrongdone to the South and many portions of
the West by refusing this distribution, gentle-
men must take the responsibility. I have done
what I could to remedy the evil.
Gentlemen who have spoken look upon this
relief as mean and insignificant. Do they sup-
pose that more than $45,000,000 can he taken
by these States before next winter? If we were
to vote $100,000,000 to be distributed in these
States it is not possible that they can take up
more than $45,000,000 before we will be back
here again in session. Here is a measure of
great and immediate relief to the South and
West; yet there are gentlemen herefrom the
West who say that it is so small, so mean, that
they do not deign to accept it. It is easy for
the Senate, easy for this House to kill this
bill; but I point you to the consequences. For
my own part, I am quite willing to let these
gentlemen light it out among themselves. If
they finally reject this hill they will probably
get nothing. Because I desire the pennanence
of our banking institutions, because 1 desire
the injustice of the present distribution re-
moved, I desire the passage of this bill. I
cannot understand why the gentlemen in the
West who are interested in it should vote
against it. The State of Ohio probably will
■•California's portion will probably be distributed
to other States on the passago of the coin section.
