2502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Thorn yet remains to be paid at Washington on
account of salaries of ministers who draw on the
Secretary of State the sum of $52,875 for the last half
of the current year, to meet which thoro remains only
the sum of $4,791 47. 'i'his latter sum I may safely
assume will be required to meet outstanding drafts
and small balances remaining; unpaid.
The amount of salaries payablo in London is
$214,000; and I may safely assumo that at least ono
fourth of this sum, 153,600, is unprovided for. An
appropriation, therefore, of $100,875 will not more
than meet the demands of the current fiscal year.
I am, sir, very respectfully, yours.
It. W. 'JCAYLElt, Comfit, oiler.
Hon. Hamilton Fish, Secretary of State.
Mi'. DAWES demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be eu-
grossed; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
_ i was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (11. It.
No. 1346) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ingJune 30, 1S70, and for other purposes, with
sundry amendments, in which lie was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
It further announced that that body had
passed without amendment a bill (II. 14. No.
1123) to remove political disabilities from
Francis A. Shober.
It announced, in conclusion, that that body
had passed a resolution (S. 11. No. 105) ex-
tending the time for the completion of the
first section of twenty miles of the Cairo and
Pulton railroad, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
revision of patent laws,
Mr. JENCKBS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Patents, reported a bill (H.
K. No. 1714) to revise, consolidate, and amend
the statutes relating to patents and copy-rights;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
takikj? bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before I move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill I will state that if gen-
tlemen are willing to remain here until five
o'clock we shall not ask for an evening session
to-night. Otherwise it will be the duty of the
committee to make that request. I shall also,
pending the motion to go into Committee of
the Whole, move that all debate shall cease on
the paragraph in relation to cigars in fifteen
minutes after the consideration of the bill is
resumed in committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the pending paragraph and the amendment
pending thereto.
The pending paragraph was the following :
On cigars, cigarettes or cheroots, of all descriptions
made of tobacco, or any substitute for tobacco, and
on paper cigars and cigarettes, including wrappers,
$2 per pound, and in addition thereto 23 por cent, ad
valorem.
The pending amendment was that offered by
Mr. Strong, as amended on the motion of Mr.
Washburn, of Massachusetts, as follows:
Strike out "2" and insert "2i," and strike out "25"
and insert "50."
Mr. SCHENCK. After consultation this
morning, the Committee of Ways and Means
have determi ned that I should move, as chairman
of the committee, to strike out from the bill the
paragraph with regard to cigars, leaving the law
to stand as it is in that respect. I will state why
that motion is submitted. Gentlemen have
misapprehended entirely the purpose, objects,
and motives of the Committee of Ways and
Means in regard to this whole matter. There
are several members of the Committeeof Ways
and Means who themselves represent constitu-
encies largely engaged in cigar-making. I
represent such a constituency myself. It was
not, therefore, in hostility to the cigar interest
of this country, or with the view of taking away
from it any of the protection or any of the ad van-
tages it is now supposed to have under the exist-
ing law, that an amendment was proposed;
because the committee were satisfied—as the
House, or a majority of the members of the
Committee of the Whole do not seem to be—
that instead of being injured the cigar-makers
of this country would probably be benefited by
some further lowering of the duty on cigars.
Looking back over the figures this morning
we found that when the law was changed on
the 20th of July, 1868, coming down from the
tariff of §3 per pound and 50 per cent, ad
valorem to $2 50 per pound and '25 per cent.
ad valorem, the effect was not to diminish the
revenue at all or to injure the home trade or
home manufacture. We cannot show how far
smuggling was prevented by taking away the
temptation, but we can in no other way account
for the fact that there was a greater number
of cigars brought through the custom-house so
as to pay duty, without affecting, however, the
home manufacturer. So many more cigars paid
duty as to keep the revenue up to what it was
when the higher rate prevailed, and yet the
home manufacturer did not seem to be affected
by the additional introduction of cigars. The
indication is, therefore, irresistible that the
Treasury officers are right when they tell us
that the effect mainly was not to increase the
number of cigars that paid duty by an actual
increase of the number that came into the
country, but by an actual increase of the num-
ber that passed through the custom-house. All
the cigars that came in did not affect in any
way prejudicially the home manufacturer. On
the contrary, under the reduced duty the home
manufacture still went on increasing in pros-
perity ; and in the year 1868-69, as I have
already informed the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, nearly twice as many cigars were
made and paid internal tax as paid in the
previous year when the tariff was high.
But gentlemen are not satisfied with this
reasoning of the committee. They suppose
that it would affect the home interest to alter
thelaw. We do not believe that it would. They
think that it would be prejudicial to the inter-
ests of the cigar manufacturers in the United
States. We donot believe itwould. We believe,
on the contrary, that just such results, in some-
thing like the same proportion, would follow
the taking off the 50 cents por pound as fol-
lowed the taking off the 50 cents a pound
and one half of the ad valorem tax in 1868.
But as those representing the cigar interest
here are of opinion that theduty should not be
reduced, though we cannot, as a committee,
with our views consent to or vote for any in-
crease of the tax, yet if it be agreeable to the
Committee of the Whole we are perfectly will-
ing to strike out all that there is in this bill on
the subject of cigars. And for that purpose I
renew the amendment which was offered yes-
terday by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Myers.] That gentleman after moving
the amendment withdrew it, or did not at the
time insist upon it. But I believe that on the
whole it is the best motion that could be made,
and I amauthorized bythe Committeeof Ways
and Means to make it.
Mr. UPSO-N. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the reduction of the duty upon imported
cigars which is proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means. If there is any tax which is
free from every reasonable objection it is a
tax levied upon articles of luxury which can
be manufactured in our own country; for while
such a tax adds to the revenue it protects the
labor of this country against foreign competi-
tion, and is paid by those who cau well afford
to pay it. If we examine every item of this bill
we shall not find one article named in it upon
which there is better reason for levying the high-
est rate of duty short of one that will amount
to prohibition. The consumers of these costly
foreign cigars have not presented to us any
petitions for a reduction of this duty, nor do I
believe that the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] who made an appeal to us in their
behalf, was authorized to appear as their advo-
cate. But the cigar-makers throughout the
country have sent to us earnest petitions for
the protection of their interests, and they ask
for nothing but what is just and reasonable. I
have presented many of these petitions from
the cigar-makers of my district, and it is in
their behalf that I oppose the reduction of this
duty and advocate the restoration of the duty
provided by the tarifl'law of 1866. Under that
law the manufacturers of cigars were able to
realize fair and reasonable profits; but since
that law has been changed the business has
beeu depressed, and to a great extent broken
down. 'A just regard to the interests of the
cigar-makers and every consideration of public
policy require that the proposed amendment
should be adopted.
The question recurred on Mr. Stuoxg's
amendment as amended.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "50" and inserting " 25,"
so that it will read " $2 25 per pound and 25
per cent, ad valorem;" which is precisely the
existing law. Now, if the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Strong] shall prevail it will raise the duty on
cigars $7 50 a thousand. The duty was fixed
a year and a half ago, in 1868, at $2 50 a
pound and 25 per cent, ad valorem, and i
believe all portions of the eigar trade in this
country arc satisfied with the existing rate of
duty, and it is certainly high enough for pur-
poses of revenue and certainly high enough for
purposes of protection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
wish to ask the gentleman, if that is the fact,
why petitions are coming here from every cigar
manufacturer in the country to have the tariff
increased 1
Mr. ALLISON. The answer is found in the
fact that a larger number of domestic cigars
were made last year than ever before. Another
answer is found in the fact that the Committee
of Ways and Means reported a reduction of
the duty, and it is perfectly natural for every
interest to endeavor to maintain the existing
rate of duty. I do not believe that either in
the interest of revenue or in any other interest
it is our policy to increase the duty upon these
articles or upon any other articles.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a point of order.
The proposition in the bill is 50 per cent, ad
valorem. The gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Strong] moved to strike out "50" and
insert " 25." The gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] now moves to amend it by striking
out "25" and inserting " 50." That is, to
restore the original bill, and therefore the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa can-
not be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. ALLISON. Bat that does not happen
to be my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to correct the gentle-
