8446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
summon the witness. He goes himself or sends
one of his depnties, that is, one of his messen-
gers, who are here for that purpose—his offi-
cers, just like sheriffs' deputies; andhecharges
ten cents a mile from here to Baltimore and
back,
Mr. HOWARD. And takes the money
himself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He takes that money him-
self and pays the railroad fare of the messen-
fer; so that the messenger is not out of pocket,
le is performing doty. So that whatever gain
there is the Serjeant-at-Arms makes, and it
is perfectly lawful as the law stands now, and
there is no ground to find fault with it. The
only question is whether we ought not to change
the law.
Mr. CONKLING. I hare no ground to
find fault with it except this: I do uot believe
that the law fairly covers constructive mileage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is another question.
I did uot refer to that.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont stated the case just as it is in truth,
althoagh the Sergeant-at-Arras may not send
a messenger at all. If he mails a letter, on
which he pays three cents postage, or if he
sends a telegram, for which he pays twenty-
live cents, and in response to either of those
summonses the witness appears, under the con-
struction given to this law it is held that the
Sergeaat-at-Arms is entitled to mileage as if
his raessei.jer had gone. Now, I agree with
th" Senator from Vermont that that is done in
the name of the law, under the construction
given to it; but 1 submit that whenever we
come to revise this subject—and I think the
Senate will agree with me—that sort of con-
structive mileage, at least, ought not to be
allowed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my fnend will pardon
me, I wish to say upon that very point that
no committee with which I have been con-
nected, either the Committee on Retrench-
ment, the Committee on the J udiciary, or auy
other committee that has had occasion to sum-
mon witnesses, has ever knowingly allowed a
penny for constructive mileage. When I have
been called upon to pass the accounts, in order
that the Committee on Contingent Expenses
might know that they were properly expended,
I have always taken pains to find out from
the Sergeant-at-Arms whether he had actually
been, or sent one of his men ; and if he had not.
we have never allowed him any constructive
mileage.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask my friend
whether he was a member of the committee
by which this account was allowed?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which one?
Mr. CONKLING. The one to which the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Cragin]
refers, the account of the Sergeant-at-Arms for
the impeachment trial.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I was not.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, of course, the ques-
tion does not direct itself at all to the Senator
in his character as a member of the commit-
tee. Notwithstanding, I think anybody scru-
tinizing that account must see at once, to say
the least, of it, the great improbability that the
Sergeant-at-Arms or anybody else visited St.
Lonis and New Orleans, and the other distant
cities from which the witnesses on that trial
came.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not intend to speak
of that.
Mr. CONKLING. No; I understand the
Senator did not. I take that to illustrate; and
1 arn not criticising the Sergeant-at-Arms in
that particular instance, or anybody else. I
only say that when we come to revise the sub-
jpct we ought to reform this system under
which mileage ia paid. If a messenger goes
in fact, then ! think ten cents per mile is very
inordinate pay, because it was graduated in
reference to conveyances which have passed
away, which were slower and more expensive
than the present; but to allow constructive
mileage, when no t ravel whatever is performed j
: by anybody, I think is a very great abuse. I
Mr. HOWARD. I think so, too; and if
there be a law under which constructive mile-
age has been habitually, or occasionally even,
allowed heretofore it ought to be amended.
I will say just here that as the chairman of a
committee I have passed upon numerous ac-
counts of this kind, and I do not recollect that
in one single case I ever allowed construct-
ive mileage, but always rejected it. I know
that a former Serjeant-at-Arms of the Senate
claimed constructive mileage in various cases
before me, in which 1 uniformly rejected his
claim, never allowing him any mileage at all
upon the mere principle of construction, but
always requiring proof that the travel was
actually performed.
Mr. HARLAN. Then, Mr. President, it
amounts to about this: this proviso will not
reduce the compensation of the Sergeant-at-
Arms on any item that has been referred to
except the service of process.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is it.
Mr. HARLAN. Two dollars foreach service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And his actual travel fees.
Mr. HARLAN. If any messenger or the
Sergeant-at-Arms has been paid more, under
the head of expenses, than ho expended, it
would cut that off, provided he is more honest
in the future than he has been in the past. I
do not understand that the text of the bill will
effect that reform.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will reach witness fees.
Mr. HARLAN. The bill provides—
That ho shall receive, directly or indirectly, no
fees or other compensation, or emolument whatever,
for performing the duties of the office, or in connec-
tion therewith.
The whole pay provided heretofore and ex-
hibited in these bills, except the two dollars,
is, nominally at least, given to the messenger
who performs the service, or to the Sergeant-
at-Arms, if he performs the service in person,
I and to the witness who is subpenaed and trav-
I els here, and for his per diem. It is a simple
I question, then, whether in the adjustment of
| these accounts heretofore the committees have
! allowed more compensation for travel and ex-
penses than the messenger really incurred. It
may be that ten cents a mile would more than
cover the expenses; but probably not. On
some routes of travel it would not. On some
of the railroad lines in Virginia I have paid
ten cents a mile for my fare on the road. This
does not include a man's meals. Messengers,
of course, cannot live without eating when they
are sent away from Washington. This com-
putation of ten cents a mile, I presume, is in-
tended to cover the total expenses of the mes-
senger, so that this proviso cuts off no perquisite
of the Sergeant-at Arms whatever, except the
two dollars for each process which may be
served; and in lieu of this diminution, as I
understand it, and it is to that point I am com-
ing, the committee propose to raise the salary
of the Sergeant-at-Arms about two thousand
| dollars.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator says, as I un-
I derstand him, that the two dollars for the sum-
i mons is all that the Sergeant-at-Arms is enti-
tled to. He is entitled to ten cents a mile for
! travel as mileage, the same that the witness
j himself is entitled to.
Mr. HARLAN. And anything ia addition
for expenses?
Mr. CRAGIN. Nothing more than the ten
c6t) t8i
Mr. HARLAN. That I believe is the uni-
form allowance for expense of travel for an
officer of the Government. When an officer
of the Army or an officer of any one of the
Departments is sent away from here on ser-
vice, on account of its being inconvenient to
render a bill receipted as a voucher, they com-
mute his expenses aud allow him ten cents a
mile, including everything, his hotel bills, hia
hack hire, his horse hire, and his railroad fare.
All the expenses are summed up and com-
muted in the ten cents a mile. There is no
perquisite in this, provided it costs ten cents a
mile to travel. There are very few men who
can travel on less than that, including the
necessary expenses; so that in allowing the
Sergeant-at-Amis ten cents a mile for travel
in serving process you do not augment his pay
to the amount of a dime unless there is con-
structive mileage; that is to say, unless he
defrauds the Government; unless he brings in
a bill for travel that he has never performed;
so that this proviso really cuts off nothing
except the two dollars on each writ served,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As this is a
very fruitful subject, and is not before the
Senate, I submit if it is asking too much that
the debate shall be confined to the question
before the Senate, or that we take a voteupon
it. The question itself is a very simple one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine desires that the Senate shall vote
upon the pending question, or that the debate
shall be confined to that proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us vote on
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
proposition is in line thirty-seven of the bill to
strike out "$1,800"' and insert " $2,100," as
the compensation of the superintendent of the
folding-room.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes thirty-
three, noes not counted.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, I hope the amend-
ment which I offered the other day from the
Committee on Rules, and which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, will be
acted upon.
Mr. .SHERMAN. There is an amendment
which I offered which is pending, and which
should come in next after the amendment
which lias just been adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend
ment of the Senator from Ohio, which was
temporarily laid aside until the other question
could be reconsidered and again acted upon,
is now pending. It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in line thirty-four to strike out "$1,800"
and insert " $2,160 ;" so as to make the com-
pensation of the superintendent of the docu-
ment-room $2,160.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I ask fortlie action
of the Senate on the amendment which I re-
ported the other day, in relation to the Chief
Clerk and the assistant doorkeeper of the
Senate.
steuben monument.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
yield to me for a moment. There is on the
Vice President's table an invitation which it
will take but a moment, to read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York asks that the Chair be allowed
to lay before the Senate the following invita-
tion.
The Secretary read as follows:
Washington, D. C.. Man 12,1870.
Sir: We have been requested by the German asso-
ciations of this city to cordially and respectfully in-
vite you, and through you the honored Senators, to
he present at the laying of the cornor-stono of Gen-
eral Steuben's monument, on Monday, May 16, at
four p. in., in the Schiiczen park, on Seventh street.
General Steuben having been one of the heroes of
the war of independence, we confidently hope that
the public service may allow an adjournment iu time
to participate in the fes ivities of the occasion.
We are, sir, with great esteem, very respectfully,
your obedient servants,
S. WOLF,
A. CLUSS,
L. WALDECKEB,
Committee.
Hon. Sciihylbb Colfax, Vice President of the United
Stale* and 1'retident of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the ser-
vices referred to in that communication are to
be devoted to the memory of a hero whose
