4390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
increase by which you can judge something
about, the population of those States; and the
table I have before me contains these different
consnses ancl the estimated census of 1870
bas^d upon the actual censuses taken in many
States in 18G5, and in sotne as late as 1867,
am! according to this statement no Stateon the
basis of three hundred members will lose a
Representative unless it is the State of Ver- i
liiont, and in reference to that Stste there is !
a vote stating that it is uncertain whether it j
woukl lose one or not. This table was made i
tip in February, without any reference to this
bill. |
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does it make the i
whole population of the United States?
Mr. TUUMBULL. Itmakes the whole pop-
ulation of the United States forty million
eight, hundred thousand, including the Territo-
ries. There are about six hundred thousand
people in the Territories, and it makes the rep-
resentative population of the entire United
States forty million two hundred thousand,
upon which there will be a representation, in
case none are thrown out by the fourteenth
amendment; but we know that in Massachu-
setts and some otherStates, where they deprive
men of the right to vote for special reasons,
those persons excluded are not to be taken
into the representative population, so that
forty millions will probably cover the whole
amount.
Mr. THURMAN. I said that atthree hun-
dred no State would lose. I had not made
the calculation myselt, but I took the state-
ment made by the Senator from Illinois the
other day, and that accorded with my recollec-
tion of what I had seen in a very carefully
prepared speech on this subject by a member
of the other House, Mr. Paxxe, ofWisconsin,
I think the most carefully prepared calculation
I have seen anywhere ; one which took all the
elements that ought to enter into such a cal-
culation ; a speech made perhaps two months
ago or more, and in which, I think, be arrived
at the conclusion that with a House of three
hundred no State would lose in representa-
tion. That is my recollection. I wish I had
' thatta,ble here, for it would be very instructive
on this subject.
Assuming that to be the case, I think it is
better to avoid these constitutional difficulties
by taking three hundred as the number for the
House. And now, in respect to the number
of the House, here is a problem that no man
can solve at this day. Who can say with what
representation the people will be contented
thirty years from now, when we have a popula-
tion of one hundred millions? Who can say
they will be content with even three hundred
as the number of the House of liepresenta-
tives? Just as the population of the country j
is enlarged, and you diminish the number of
Representatives, iust to the same extent do
you remove the Representative from the people.
Just to the same extent do you deprive the
people of one of the greatest blessings of rep-
resentation, a Representative with but a small
constituency. In fact, one of the most diffi-
cult problems of republican government is
to get along with a Representative having an
immensely large constituency. If you want
economy, if you want republicanism, if you
want the pure and simple kind of government
our forefathers contemplated we should have,
the best, thing you can do to have it is to have
your Representative just as near to his con-
stituents as possible.
1 am by no means prepared to say that we
may not live to see the time when the people
of this country will require the House of "Hep-
rusentauves to be even larger than three hun-
dred ; or if the people do not do it, the ambi-
tion of individuals for seats in that, body will
effect that result. I think we might as well
compromise at onee on three hundred, which
will hist for ten years, and by which tim« -,ve
shall have a population of considerably over
tlty millions in this country, and leave it to
those who are to come after us. whether it shall
be larger then, or whether it shall be reduced.
Reduced I am sure it never will be. This is
all I have to say on that point.
While I am up I wish to call the attention
of the Senator who has this bill in charge to
one thing. Was the amendment striking out
"August" and inserting "October" in the
second section agreed to in committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; and that is a
necessity. The bill which has passed in regard
to the census does not require the returns to
be made until the 10th day of September; and
of course no apportionment can be made until
after the returns are in.
Mr. THURMAN. How are we to getalong
in Ohio and Indiana, where we elect members
of Congress on the second Tuesday of October ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose there will bo
no difficulty about that. 1 saw the Superin-
tendent of the Census this morning, and he
expects to getin the returns from the populous
Statesprobablyby August. Although the entire
returns under the present law are not required
to come in until the 10th day of September,
undoubtedly they will know in Ohio, and we
shall have enough of the census even before
that day to determine about what the repre-
sentation will be, although it is not officially
bound to be proclaimed until after the 10th
day of September. We could not well make
it otherwise now without changing other stat-
utes. I presume there will be time enough
after the 10th of September for the people of
Ohio to determine whom they will want to send
to Congress at their election in October.
Mr. THURMAN. The second section, then,
as I understand it, as it has been amended,
reads as follows:
That immediately after the next enumeration of
the inhabitants of the United States shall have been
completed aeeordiug to law, and before the 1st day
of October, 1870, the Superintendent of the Census
.^Irall prepare and submit to tbo Secretary of the
Inteiior a preliminary report of the results of such
enumeration, embracing such statistics as shall be
necessary to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pevtorm tho duties in this act prescribed.
Then come the duties of the Secretary of
the Interior, which are provided for in the
next section, section three.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In sections three and
four those are provided for.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir. If the Secre-
tary of the Interior can perform his duties,
unless it should be anticipated that he should
perform them sooner t'nau is provided for in
the bill 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ho may perform his
duty at any time alter he gets the returns, the
Senator wiil notice.
Mr. THURMAN. I know he may perform
it before the 1st of October, if he gets the
returns.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Lot me state to the Sen-
ator, so that he will understand exactly what
it is, and then he can argue on the facts. The
law providing for taking the census 
ThePKJSSIDfNG OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) The Senator from Illinois will
suspend his remarks to allow the Chair to re-
ceive a message from the House of Represent-
atives.  
MKSSAGii 1T.031 Tim IIOVSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendment of (ho Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. S8 ) to establish a police court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (II. R, No. 987) to
reduce the number of officers iu the Army of
the United States, and for other purposes.
fhe message furrher .-.niiounc^d ih:U the
hud agreed to :_u: and dijaiTrecd to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1871, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Henry L. Dawes of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. Johx A. Logak of Illinois,
and Mr. William E. Niblack of Indiana, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and,joint resolu-
tion, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2201) to amend the natu-
ralization laws and to punish crimes against
the same; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 327) relative
to trade with North American provinces.
DISTRICT POLICE COURT.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from
Illinois to give way to allow me to submit a
report from a conference committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thuiuian] is really entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. I gave way to the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to dispose of a con-
ference i-eport, which I think will take but a
very few minutes.
Mr. THURMAN. I have iio objection to
that.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask leave to submit a
report from the committee of conference on the
police court bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the™ be
no objection the Chair will receive the report.
Mr. HAMLIN". I submit the following report
from the committee of conference :
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (II. H. No. 38 )to establish a police
court for the District of Columbia, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Ilouse recede from its disagreement to tho
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendments, namely:
In section one of the Senate amendment, line
eleven, strike out the words "two judges" and insert
the words "one judge/'
tjIn section one, line eleven, strike out the word
' men " and insert the words "a man."
In section one, line fourteen, strike out the words
their offices" and insert the words " his office."
^ In section one, line fifteen, strike out the words
their offices they" and insert the words " his office
he."
In section two, line one, strike out the words
each oi,"
In section two. line two, strikn out the -word
judges" and insert the word " judge."
^ In section three, line two, after the word" informa-
tion" insert the words " under oath."
In section four, lines four and live, strike out the  
following words: "court may be held by either of
said judges. Kach."
In section four, lino seven, after tho word " com-
plaint," insert the words "under oath."
In section four, lines twenty-tnreeand twenty-four,
strike out the words "either of said judges'' and
insert the words " said judge."
Insert the following at the end of section four :
And in case of sickness, absence, or disability of
said police judge, either of the justieesof thesupreme
courtof the District of Columbiashall designate-some
justice of the peace of said District to discharge tho
duties of said police judge, until such disability bo
removed, who shall take iho same oath as is pre-
scribed lor said judge of the police court, and shall
receive the sum ot ten dollars per day for the time he
shall servo, to bo paid in the same manner lis the
salary of said police judare is paid.
In scetion six, lino two, strike out the words "one
or more;" and insert after the word ,4baliif" tho
words not exceeding two."
Iu section six, line five, strikeout the word "a"
and insert the word " the."'
<tIn section eight, line four, strike out the w nl
one of said judges" and insert tho word "ju dsi1."
in section eight, line eight, afcer the word '•inform-
ation" insert the words "or complaint."
t In scetion eleven, line cis?ht, after the vrjr.l
'information " insert the woids "or complaint."
in section twelve, lines one and two, strike out {It©
words each of the judges of."
In section twelve, line three;, after the \\ord
deeds insert tho woid " ancl."
4t Strike out ail of section twelve after the word
omce*"in line three.
^ In section fourteen, line two. strike out the word
"jauge*" and insert the word "judye."
-h. taction seventeen, lino ayvviitocn, cUiks out
