:>44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 28,
flo. of Reps.
Western Ports of Entry—Mr. Winchester.
41st Coxa....2d Sess.
not get one dollar under its provisions, while
the Slat - of Illinois gets nearly $1,000,000 out
of the $-15,000,000. 1 darenoton my respons-
ibility here deny to the South and the West the
measuiable relief which this bill affords.
Mr. Speaker, there has been an opposition
to this bill from the start on the part of the
bankers of New York city; and, naturally
enough, they do not want any reduction of their
e iireuey. Most of the $55,000,000 reserves are
held in bank1! of the city of New York. Take
away the three per cents, and this New York
surplus will be reduced and bankers will lose
the interest on their reserves. I am not sur-
prised that gentlemen from that city should
oppose this report, but I am very much sur-
prised that it sitould be opposed by members
i eprt'senung the West. It has been opposed
very persistently by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. CoxJ over the way; but I have no
doubt iie is m perfect aeeord with the opinions
of his constituents. I am surprised when gen-
tlemen from the West assail this proposition,
which gives them §45,000,000 of circulation,
as a mean thing which ought not to be tolerated
by the llou.se.
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr.
JSuti.krJ desires to ask me a question, and I
will yield to him for that purpose.
Mr. BliTLliK, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask this. 1 observe my friend said that one
able and experienced gentleman in banking
said this was contract ion, while another equally
able and experienced gentleman said this bill
was expansion, and proved it.
Mr. (\A UKI ELI). of Ohio. To his own satis-
faction.
Mr. lili rijl'ilt, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mow if such able and experienced men cannot
tell wbul this hill is, why should we vote for it ?
[ 1 .aie.'bier. ]
Mr. (iAItKIICLl), of Ohio. If the gentle-
hi in from Massachusetts, by the help of two
able and experienced gentlemen, cannot tell
what it. is. he bad better not vote for it.
Mr. liUTLKU, of Massachusetts. 1 do not
mean to.
Mr. GAUK1ELD, of Ohio. 1 did not expcct
lie would. 1 did not expect any man who holds
lb.u we may stamp paper and call it money,
and it. will be money, who talks of gold and
silver money as relics of barbatisiu—-1 do not
expeel any such linancial genius to vote for this
bill or any oilier that Congress will adopt. But
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
i.eiiJ ha.i a follower in his new doctrines. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. LvGunsoi.i,] has
invented a novelty in the literature of finance,
if not in currency, and lie also desires that this
bill shall not pass, i[e wants " coined paper
dollars." Those are his words.
Mr. INGKLtSOLL. Thai is what the people
want.
Mr. O AilFIELI), of Ohio. " Coined paper
dollars!1' 1'nt it down in the dictionary. We
are now to have a mint striking off a new coin
made of paper 1 The gentleman says he is in
favor of a cheap kind of money, and iu his
speech made some three weeks ago, and printed
in the Globe yesterday, ho tells us what he
means by cheap money. He. says that there
am some kinds of it dear and some cheap, and
the cheap money which he loves is that on
which the iutere.it is veiy low. That is his
supreme t< st. Any kind of money on which
int, rent is low is cheap! Suppose you make
;. oar money of cabbage leaves. At the end of
the V"-!!', lor every one hundred cabbage leaves
you had borrowed you would pay back three
cabbage leases as imprest. That would be
low eiioaiih intert st, and, according to the gen-
tleman. thai would bo cheap money.
J1.' ' i XG KUSOLL. I would prefer one good
cabbage head to this report. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell. J
Western Ports of Entry.
SPEECH OF HON. B. WINCHESTER,
OF KENTUCKY,
In this House or Represextatives,
June 28, 1870,
On tho bill (II. R. No. 1533) to regulate appraise-
ment and inspection of imports in certain cases
and for other purposes.
Mr. WINCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire for a few moments to call attention to the
provision contained in section seven of this
bill. By that section it is proposed to consti-
tute certain western cities therein designated
now only ports of delivery full ports of entry,
to facilitate the direct importation of merchan-
dise to the cities of the interior. It is, sir, a
tardy response to a great and urgent commer-
cial necessity, which has too long existed, to
the serious prejudice of the Ohio and Missis-
sippi valley. It is a recognition not only of
the justice but the right of all the leading
cities of the United States to be placed upon
ail equal looting, so far as their geographical
position will permit, in all the laws and reg-
ulations which relate to the importation of for-
eign goods.
Such is not the case now. Under the existing
law, the cost, delay, and annoyance to import-
ers of our interior cities operate almost as a
positive prohibition to importation. Take for
illustration an importer engaged in business in
St. Louis, Cincinnati, or Louisville, and he is
forced to employ an agent at New York, New
Orleans, or wherever his goods are consigned
to, which agent must beeomo a party to the
custom-house bond, for which he is entitled
and receives a liberal commission. The goods
in most instances are to be opened and ex-
amined, to see if they are properly represented
bytheiuvoice. Then followsa repacking, at the
expense of the importer, and this repacking
invariably results in considerable damage to
thegoo'ds. 'J'his is not all; it is well understood
that promptness in the reception of consign-
ments is a matter ofgreat importance to the mer-
chant. This, under the present arrangement,
is found to be unreliable if not impossible ; for
they are detained at the ports of arrival fre-
quently from one to two weeks, or even longer,
to the serious annoyance and detriment of the
importer who has made the purchase to meet
a pressing want in the market. Thus too often
are enterprise and commercial sagacity robbed
of their legitimate reward.
Again, sir, each one of these multiplied
handlings of the goods at tho custom house
involves an additional item of expense. The
agent must have his per cent, for advancing
ocean freights, drayages, and a multitude of
minor charges, in the aggregate inflicting a
heavy tariff on the goods. When, in addition
to all this, you consider the delays resulting
from careless or inefficient customs officers, a
press of business at the port of debarkation,
and the expensive system of rewarohousing,
you may then form some conception of the
vexatious and costly labyrinth through which
an importer of an iuteriorcity must now thread
and bribe and struggle his way to get his goods
to market. The law is a gross and shameful
wrong to our cities of the West. It is an inci-
dent to that partial legislation which in various
forms exacts from her an unjust and oppressive
tribute to the industries of the East.
Let us examine for a moment the practical
woikingof this discrimination. The New York
or Boston merchant can place his goods in
store while they are yet in bond, selling them
by samples, thus avoiding the necessity of pay-
ing the duties on them until they are with-
drawn for consumption, that, is, for sale by the
jobber and retailer. This marked advantage
is claimed by our merchants to lessen by one
half the amount of capital required to carry a
given amount of business, and by three fourths
the expense of rent, clerk-hire, and interest
on capital invested in these expenditures. Sir.
it is simply the Government loaning gratui-
tously the amount of the duties to the importer,
if he sells in New York, until he effects his
sales; whereas, if he be so unfortunate as to
belocated in Louisville or St. Louis, he must
pay the duties before he can bring them into
market. Is not the advantage a material one,
and is it consistent with that excellent concep-
tion of a wise and good Government, as ex-
pressed by Demosthenes, the design and object
of which should be " to ascertain what is just,
honorable, and expedient, and when that is
discovered to proclaim it as a general ordinance
equal and impartial to all?"
It is understood that the Secretary of the
Treasury objects to this establishment of addi-
tional ports of entry on the ground that it will
promote and increase the opportunities for
smuggling; and that packages will be liable
to be opened and changed during their transit
to these western ports of entry. I do not
believe this House will allow such frivolous
and captious objections to weigh against a re-
form of so much moment, and so indisputably
just in its demands. They cannot be regarded
as sufficient to justify the continuance of this
unequal and indefensible distinction against
the merchants and the people of the West.
Goods on which the Government has claims
for duties to large amounts are to be seen at
any time crossing the New York ferries and
around the docks, with nothing to protect those
duties or prevent smuggling but the honesty
of the carmen. Tho facilities for smuggling
cannot possibly be made greater, but will be
reduced by a distribution of tho import trade
among our different cities; and, sir, the rapid
increase of our imports renders this policy
indispensable.
The objections of the Secretary are unfounded
and unimportant, involving merely details of
book-keeping, bonds, &c., all of which can be
readily and practically disposed of by a few sim-
ple regulations. This bill gives ample powers
to the Department to prepare such regulations,
and then it will be just as much a matter of
dispatch and individual enterprise to have a
shipment on its way to a western city at the
same moment that another is on its way to tho
merchant's store in the city of New York.
There need be no complication or difficulty.
What is now done at Now York, Now Orleans,
or Portland would then be done at St. Louis,
Cincinnati, or Louisville. Goods would arrive
at these ports as before, and in place of trans-
portation bonds a regular entry would be sent
to the Treasury Department, enabling our mer-
chants to become direct importers, with tho
privilege and benefit of paying duty on then-
goods only when they are withdrawn lor con-
sumption. Goods would then come directly
from the ship, be examined in the presence of
the owners, and turned over, if they so desired,
at once upon payment of the charges, in bulk.
It will at once be seen that in this way the
merchant and consumer would both be ben-
efited. The importer, relieved from these per-
plexing and burdensome conditions, could
afford to make a proportionate reduction in
his prices. Sir, a largo and populous section
of the country, whoseinterests have been totally
and invidiously disregarded in our delibera-
tions, would directly feel the good effects of
this new system. Tile city which I have the
honor to represent, would in the possession of
this right, as the largest and best tobacco mar-
ket in the United States, immediately regain
that immense plug-tobacco trade to which she
is justly entitled, but of which tho present
law is fast robbing her, compelling her to bond
and store her stocks in the sea-board cities.
