1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3447
ashes sleep in New York within a few miles
from my home. If I could make a motion
more respectful than the one I propose to sub-
mit, I should be glad to do so ; but the only
appropriate motion, I believe, is that the invita- j
tion lie on the table. i
The YICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table. j
iioqse bills referred. j
The following bills were severally read twice !
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 1052) to increase the pen-
sion of Mrs. Annie A. Hays, widow of Brig-
adier General Alexander Hays, who was killed
at the battle of the Wilderness, May 5, 1864 ;
A bill (H. R- No. 1987) to define the duties
of pension agents, and prescribe the manner
of paying pensions, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1988) granting a pension
[0 W. C. Pickens;
A bill (H. R. No. 1989) granting a pension
to Anna F. Hart;
A bill (H. R. No. 1990) granting a pension
to Nancy Ann Spurgeon, widow of Josiah
Spurgeon, of Lewis county, Missonri;
A bill (H. R. No. 1991) granting a pension
to Margaret C. Wells, of Lexington, Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 1992) granting a pension
to Mrs. Margaret A. Hyde, widow of Henry
M. Hyde, late an assistant paymaster United
States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1993) granting a pension
to Josephine Donahue;
A bill (H. R. No. 1994) granting a pension
to Robert W. Simmons;
A bill (H. R. No. 1995) granting a pension
to Lizzie A. Mower ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1996) granting a pension
to Horace Clough ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1997) granting a pension
to Minna Hesse;
A bill (H. R. No. 1998) granting a pension
to Betsey Arlin; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1999) granting a pension
to Maria Pratt.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced !
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolutions, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1619) to restore Robert :
Boyd, jr., to the active list of the Navy of !
the United States;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) for the
restoration of Captain Dominick Lynch, of the
United States Navy, to the active list from the
reserved list;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 123) allowing
late acting Ensign George M. Smith a share
in certain prizes captured by United States
steamer Aries;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) for the
relief of Jane Dean Bishop;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the set-
tlement of the accounts of Charles C. Upham,
late paymaster in the Navy, deceased ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 285) in iavor
of Joshua Bishop, late lieutenant commander
United States Navy.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 9G)
to place the name of Charles H. Pendleton on
the Navy Register as lieutenant commander,
active list, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message, further announced that the
House bad agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of i«ie two Houses on the bill (S. No. 95) in
relation to . the Hot Springs reservation, in
Arkansas.
The message likewise announced that the
House, had passed the following bill? of the
Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 788) for the relief of the wid-
ows and orphans of the officers, seamen, and
marines of the United States vessel of war
Oneida, and for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 850) for the relief of Captain
George Henry Preble, of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States.
arkansas hot springs.
Mr* RICE. I desire to move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote taken yesterday, by which the
report of the committee of conference upon the
bill with regard to the Hot Springs reservation,
in Arkansas, was agreed to, for the purpose
of having it re-referred to the committee, to
correct a clerical error in the report. |
The VICE PRESIDENT. Such a motion |
requires unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection. j
So it was
Ordered, That the vote of the Senate agreeing to i
tba report of the committee of conference on th e dis- I
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
95)in relation to theHotSprings reservation,in Ark-
ansas, be reconsidered, and that the said bill bo
recommitted, to the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. !
legislative, etc., appropriation bill. j
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 974) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government fo* the year ending the 30th of
June, 1871.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I ask that the amend-
ment I offered from the Committee on Rules
may be taken up, if the Clerk has it, leaving
out that poftion which is rendered unnecessary
by the adoption of the amendment just made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in line seventeen, after the word "clerk,"
to strike otit "three" atid insert "four;" so
ad to make the compensation of the Chief
Clerk of the Senate $4,000. ■
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is another amend-
ment in connection with that which I desire to
have acted upon.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in line thirty, to strike out " $2,040 " and
insert " $2,592," as the compensation of the
assistant doorkeeper of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. The effect of this amend-
ment is to make the salary of this officer the
same as is paid to the corresponding officer of
the House of Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I desire to offer an amendment
in this connection. It is inline seventeen, after
the words "principal clerk," to insert the
words " minute and Journal clerk," and ,n
in
line twenty, to strike out "seven" and insert
" six;" so that the clause will read:
Principal clerk, minute and Journal clerk, finan-
cial clerk, and principal executive clerk in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate at $2,590 each;
six clerks in the office of the Secretary of the Senate,
at $2,220 each, &c.
This is simply a transfer from one place to
another. The amendment is offered in behalf
of one of the officers of the .Senate who has
to be in his seat all the time during the session
of the Senate, and then labor at nights in order
to make up the Journals for the use of the Sen-
ate. I think ifthere is any person in the ser-
vice of the Government who deserves this
little addition to his compensation it is the offi-
cer referred to. It is in immediate connection
with the other' amendments that have been
adopted, and prevents them from being really
invidious.
Mr. MORRILL, of''Maine: Does the Sen-
ator move this amendment frottt a committee?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; not from any commit-
tee particularly ; but I hope the Committee on
Appropriations will adopt-it. I do not sup-
pose that these othey Amendments came from
any committee. I hope that by unanimous
consent this may be granted, at all evonts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
asks unanimous consent I raise no question
about it, of course.
Mr. NYE. It ia all right.
Mr. CONKLING. Unanimous consent to
do what?
Mr. COLE. To allow this amendment to be
offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is changing the grade of one of the officers at
the desk. The Chair hears no objection. The
question is on the adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. 1 have two or three amend-
ments to offer from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses, of which
I gave notice a few days since to the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, and to
which I believe there will be no objection. On
page 3, line forty, I move to strike out the
word "seventeen" andiusert "twenty." The
reason is this: we have now, in accordance 
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is all right. I am
in favor of it.
Mr. FERRY. If there is no objection there
is no occasion for my explaining it particularly.
The only change is to make these officers reg-
ular messengers instead of additional.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Connecticut, from the Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I am directed by the same
committee to offer another amendment. It
is on page 4, line sixty-nine, after the word
"pages" to insert "for the Senate Chamber,
two riding pages, one page for the Vice Pres-
ident's room, and one page for the office of
| the Secretary of the Senate, making eighteen
I pages in all;" so that the clause will read:
! Fourteen pages for the Senate Chamber, two riding
j page?, one page for the Vice President's room, and
j one page forthe office of the Secretary of the Sen ate,
! making eighteen pages in all. at the rate of $2 50 per
! day while actually employed.
! This is merely the actual condition of things.
The amendment makes no more pages. I wish
the appropriation to represent the actual con-
dition of things.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. On the same page 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before we pass
from that last clause, if the Senator will permit
me, I desire to call the attention of the Senate
to that paragraph, to fulfill an engagement with
my young friends here on the floor. It will be
seen that these pages are put at $2 50 a day.
Heretofore the compensation^ of these pages
has been three dollars. It will be seen that
this is a reduction of half a dollar a day on the
pages of the Senate. I should state the cor-
responding fact that the House pages receive
$2 50 a day; and I believe that has uniformly
been their pay. I will now state the argument
of my young friends here for the amendment I
| shall propose, putting them at their usual pay,
! and that is, as furnished to me by one of the
young lads here, who some time or oth^r I
trust will be on the floor of the Senate, that
" the Senate is a more dignified body than tfee
House." [Laughter.] I ask the traanimous
consent of the Senate to put the compensation
of these lads at their old pay—three dollars a
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT: Is there objec-
tion ? The Chair hears none. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. On page 4, line sixty-eight,
after the words " for clerks to committees, I
move to insert the words "and temporary
clerks." There are four tempoarry clerks reg-
ularly employed who are not enumerated, as
