1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Fifteenth Amendment—Mr. Prosser.
Ho. os Reps
Mr. Speaker, it is high time that the West
should assert and command an equality of
rights and privileges with the eastern slope of
the Alleghany mountains, which hitherto has
seemed to imagine that the Government should
be operated for its exclusive benefit. Tariffs
and internal taxation, banking and the regula-
tion of the currency, have alt been carefully
contrived in the interest of that section. It is
time that the power and commercial import-
ance of the Ohio and Mississippi were recog-
nized. Sir, the Ohio and its navigable tribu-
taries alone represent four thousand miles of
steamboat navigation, or a coast line as long
as the united Pacific and Atlantic shores of
the United States. The area of country in the
baain of the Ohio, and contributing to the value
of its commerce, embraces two hundred and
fourteen thousand square miles, composing a
district as large a3 five States of the size of
Pennsylvania, and representing the choicest
elime and the most diversified resources of the
North American continent. Its commerce
figures up to the extraordinary sum of $694,-
000,000 per annum. in all the natural re-
sources which conspire to increase the wealth
and power of a people, the bounty of Provi-
dence has been most wonderfully manifested.
No limit, sir, can be prescribed to the com-
mercial development of this section of our
country, if the General Government will only
show the same liberality in its legislation that
has been uniformly extended to the East. The
measure under consideration, which provides
for the immediate transmission to the city of
their destination of imported goods as soon as
landed from the vessel, under such conditions
as will entirely secure the Treasury of the
United States against any and all frauds in the
collection of duties, is asked for by the West,
that her mercantile interests may be placed
upon the same basis as those of the more
favored cities of the sea-board. Sir, the time
has passed when the Westcan be safely ignored.
All the signs of the times foreshadow the growth
of a republican Eome in the West, whose
dominion shall be more enduring and universal
than that of its prototype of antiquity.
The census for 1870 will exhibit the North-
west alone, as it may be considered, as having
at least fifteen out of our forty millions of pop-
ulation, and one hundred and six out of the
proposed two hundred and seventy-five mem-
bers of this House. The Southwest, the fu-
ture seat of successful manufacture, with her
060,608 square miles of the richest and most
productive soil on which the dews and rains
descend, is her destined ally. Their national
and political interest give them a common sym-
pathy, and if left to these national relations
t.he wealth and power of the Union must inev-
itably be controlled by them. Prom the lakes
to the Gulf the producing States of the Ohio and
Mississippi valley have a united agricultural and
political destiny. Those noble streams, upon
whose banks lie this tier of States interlocked
like the "fingers of hands approaching in
friendship," are the natural channels through
which they can exchange their inexhaustible
resources, and with this great commercial
identity is interwoven kindred affections gen-
erated by race and interest. These mighty
elements of power that yet sleep in the womb
of the morning will ere long spring into life
and exercise their just influence in our national
councils.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a word as to
the claim of Louisville to be made a full port
of entry. Her demand, I contend, is sustained,
in addition to the general considerations I have
advanced, by every reason founded in position,
value, or commercial importance as a center
of trade. By the census of 1860 Louisville
had a population of sixty-eight thousand and
thirty-three ; it is confidently believed that the
census to be taken this year will show a popu-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 35.
lation of one hundred and fifty thousand, more
than doubling her population in the last decade.
I have obtained from the Secretary of the
Treasury a statement of the amount of duties
collected at Louisville for each fiscal year frora,
July l, 1859, to November 30, 1869^ which l
will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Statement of the amount of duties on merchandise col-
lected at the wort of Louisville for eiich fiscal year
from July 1, 1859, to November 30, 1869.
Year ending June 30, 1860 $20,132 50
Year ending June 30,1851  12,442 03
Year ending June 30, 1862  1,414 03
Year end-ing Juno 30,1863  1,406 23
Year ending June30,18u4  427 50
Year ending June 30,1865  2,503 79
Year ending June 30,1866  5,325 89
Year ending .Tune 30,1867  157,627 38
Year ending Juno 30,1868  201,350 44
Year ending June 30,1869  153,832 38
Prom July 1, to November 30,1809  46,330 44
JOHN ALLISON, Register.
Treasury Department,
P.egisteb's Office, February 24,1870.
Mr. WINCHESTER. This shows an aggre-
gate of §609,782 11 duties collected at Louis-
ville during the past nine years and five months.
I have also obtained from the same Depart-
ment the tonnage of Louisville on June 30,
1869, being atotai of 10,305.17, including steam
and unrigged tonnage:
Treasury Dep •.rtmentt.
Bureau of Statistics, April 7,1S70.
Statement of the tonnage of Louisville, Kentucky,
June 30,1869:
Steam tonnage   13,464.94
Unrigged tonnage  1,840.23
Total 15,305.17
EDWARD YOUNG,
In charge of Bureau.
During the past year there were 2.974 ar-
rivals and 2,778 departures at her port. For
the first quarter of this year, ending March
31, thenumberofvessels inspectedand licensed
was 21, the tonnage of which was 9.G23.03 tons.
The valuation of the imports of Louisville for
the year closing March 31. 1869, being the
fiscal year of her Board of Trade and the last
report issued, was §170,535,2-50, and the value
of the exports $136,987,690, leaving the actual
trade and consumption of the city tor the year
about thirty-three million dollars. The report
for the fiscal year closing March 31,1870, will
exhibit an increase in this respect fully com-
mensurate with the remarkable increase in her
population. The value of manufactured pro-
ducts forthe same year is given at §40,091,745.
Eleven thousand six hundred and eighty-one
hands found constant employment at her num-
berless founderies, paper-mills, rolling-mills,
cement-mills, machine-shops, and places of
skilled labor. The taxable valuation of her
property is over seventy-five million dollars,
under an assessment but little over one half
its real value.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue, as
indicated by the statement of the tax on sales,
ranks Louisville as the tenth in point of busi-
ness in the Union, exceeded only by the great
sea-port cities of the country. It will thus be
seen that within the present decade Louisville
has grown from a population of sixty-eight
thousand to be a city of magnificent, propor-
tions. Her position is one of rare and striking
beauty. Navigation, marked distinctly by the
finger of the Almighty, points to the fells of the
Ohio as the pivot around which the manufac-
turing and the marine interests of the mid-con-
tinent are to be concentrated. Situated a little
above the center of the great semi-circular cot-
ton belt, she can reach every part of it with
facility. To the larger portion she has access
by water. She is thus so placed that she has
unrivaled natural advantages for supplying the
South with all the northern products that it
needs, thus drawing in time through her mar-
kets the bulk of the products of the South. In
all the great staples—provisions, dry goods, gro-
ceries, tobacco, drugs, bagging, hemp, rope—
and all other demands of trade, she can compete
with any market of the West.
As a great mart of agriculture, commerce,
manufacture, trade, and the arts, she is des-
tined to be one of the proudest cities in the
valley of the Mississippi. She must always be
the great commercial gateway to the South,
and be enriched and fertilized by the conver-
gent and confluent streams and channels of
commerce that flood her with tlieir golden
treasures. During the past twenty years Louis-
ville has constructed over five hundred miies
of railroad, bringing her in daily communica-
tion with the whole South, West, and North-
west. She has recently completed a magnifi-
cent iron railroad bridge, one mile in length,
across the Ohio river at the fails, alike remark-
able for its architectural beauty and its potent
influence upon the commercial facilities it com-
mands. This bridge connects and concentrates
at Louisville three great distinctsystemsof rail-
roads—the directly middle and southern lines,
the lines from the Southwest to the Northeast,
and the lines starting from various points on
the upper railways and rivers and penetrating
the far West to the Pacific road.
Mr. Speaker, Kentucky skirts those valleys
which mark the course of railways through
the mountains of Virginia and Tennessee, on
their way from the Chespeake to the Bay of
California, and is the grand national pathway
across the continent, either by water or rail.
Berproud metropolitan city, richly embellished
with public and private monuments of taste
and refinement, is the central point on the line
of unbroken rail routes between the Southeast
and Northwest; and, as the intermediate point
between the oceans, commands the immense
trade and commerce of the great valley of the
Mississippi. Sir, these significant facts give
undoubted assurance of the sure and speedy
attainment by Louisville of that just and nat-
ural preeminence she claims as the leading
commercial emporium and manufacturing cen-
ter of the Southwest. A city of power, enter-
prise, energy, and beauty, with unbounded
water communication, her railroads radiating
to every point of the compass, her commercial
influence penetrating North, South, East, and
"West, she confidently appeals to you to place
her merchants upon an equal footing with
the merchants and foreign agents of the sea-
board cities. 1 hope the House will pass the
bill.
rifteentli Ann-admen;
SPEECH OF HON. W. F. PROSSER,
OF TENNESSEE,
Ix the House of Representatives,
May 27, 1870,
On tho bill (II. It. No. 1293) to enforce tho right of
citizens of the United Staces to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes.
Mr. PROSSER. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to add greatly to this debate. It has
already taken a very wide range, and both
parties and both Houses have discussed verv
fully* the principles involved in this bill. Yet
the importance of the measures herein pro-
posed cannot be overestimated. They reach
every part of the country, and are intimately
connected with the principles which lie at the
foundation of republican government. The
bill now under consideration proposes to se-
cure the freedom and purity of elections. No
more worthy object could be submitted to us
for our consideration or for our action. The
success of our country in the future depends
upon the purity of the ballot-box. Without
this purity freedom is a sham, and republican
institutions must be a failure, and their final
overthrow only a question of time. Unless we
can have full and free and fair elections, all
