1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5335
in order to secure the success of a road, that
these deficiencies should be made up, where
the land is poor, or where the road runs
through a tract of country where it has nearly
all been taken up.
Mr. HOWELL. I suggest to the Senator
that some of these lands have been taken up
by other companies probably. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But where we
cover a country so thickly studded with rail-
roads that there is not enough land for them all,
I submit that we ought not to make it up in
any other direction. There have been so many
railroads chartered in this region that possibly
they have got all the lands that are to be had
unless this company are allowed to go outside
of the limits.
Mr. WILSON. I think I shall have to object
to this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. We will accept the amend-
ment rather than have any controversy about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment to the amendment
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I observe in the reading
that there is a provision in the bill that the
lands shall be sold to actual settlers "atprices
not exceeding on the average $2 50 per acre."
I want to know what that means. How can
that be ascertained ? The maximum ought to
be fixed.
Mr. POMEROY. It is further provided there
that that shall be "under such rules and regu-
lations as the Secretary of the Interior may
prescribe."
Mr. RAMSEY. He is to ascertain the valu-
ation of the whole land. Some of it may be
worth one dollar an acre, and some of it $B 50
an acre. The Secretary of the Interior ascer-
tains all the facts, and in that way the average
is ascertained. All these bills provide for the
ascertainment of the average in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN, These words "on the
average" have crept in here into tkis bill for
the first time, I think.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The reason that they are
put in this bill is because the House commit-
tee have resolved to pass no bill unless this
provision is in it. Some of the lands may be
worth fifty cents an acre, and some may be
worth ten dollars, and the provision is that it
shall be sold at an average of $2 50 an acre.
Mr. STEWART. The whole provision is
entirely useless ; but a great many are afraid
of this cry against railroad land grants.
Mr. SHERMAN. I prophesy that after this
session there will be no more land grants, at
any rate.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I still insist on striking
out those words, "on the average." I should
like to have the provision read, and then every
Senator can see the ambiguity of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
open to amendment, and the Senator from
Ohio moves to amend.
Mr. WILSON. I think I shall have to call
for the regular order.
Mr. HARLAN. We will accept the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The friends of
the bill state that they will accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it provide that the
lands shall be sold at not to exceed $2 50 an
acre.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well; we will accept
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment will be made.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. It was read the third time,
and passed.
john bachelder's patent.
Mr. WILSON. I will now yield to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,] who
desires to make a report.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am directed by the
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the petition of John Bachelder, praying for the
extension of his letters-patent, to report a bill
for his relief, with the unanimous recommend-
ation of the committee that the bill be passed;
and as the bill is very short and the case is a
meritorious one I ask that it be consideraji now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1047)
to extend letters-patent granted to John Bach-
elder was read three times, and passed. It
proposes to extend the letters-patent granted
to John Bachelder, dated May 8, 1849, for an
improvement in sewing-mechanism, as reissued
December 12, 1865, for the benefit of himself,
his heirs, and legal representatives, for seven
years from and after the 8th day of May, 1870 ;
but this extended patent is to be open for legal
inquiry and decision in the same manner as if
issued under the general law relating to pat-
ents ; and all persons who have purchased this
sewing-mechanism since the expiration of the
patent are to be allowed to continue to use the
mechanism so purchased the same as if this
bill had not passed.
north louisiana and texas railroad.
Mr. WILSON. I now yield to the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Harris,] who has a little
bill of a few lines which he desires to have con-
sidered.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up a little bill for the
renewal of a land grant, which will take but a
moment. It is Senate bill No. 924.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 924) making a grant of
lands to the North Louisiana and Texas Rail-
road Company to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Vicksburg, Mississippi, to the
Texas State line.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert the follow-
ing in lieu thereof:
That so much of an act entitled "An act making
a grant of land to the State of Louisiana to aid in
construction of railroads in said State," approved
Juno 3,1856, as applies to the purpose of aiding in
the construction of a railroad from the Texas line,
in the State of Louisiana, westof the town of Green-
wood, via Greenwood, Slirevepoi L, and Monroe, to
a point on the Mississippi river opposite Vicksburg,
with all the provisions applicable to said road therein
made, be, and the same is hereby, revived, and the
same is hereby granted to the North L ouisiana and
Texas Railroad Company, and t!i at tho time for com-
pleting said railroad be extended for the term of five
years from the date of this act, and thatall the lands
therein granted which reverted to the United States
under the provisions of said act be, and the same aro
hereby, granted to the North Louisiana and Texas
Railroad Company and made subject to the use and
trusts of the said company in all respects as they
were for the use of the construction of said railroad
before and at the time such reversion took place:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
apply to any lands that have been sold, entered under
the homestead act, or upon which preemption rights
have attached subsequent to the reversion of such
lands to the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a slight amendment
that ought to be made to that amendment. The
language of the latter part of it is " to preserve
the rights of preemption settlers." It ought
to read "preemption and homestead rights."
Mr. HARRIS. I accept that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute of
the committee will be amended accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebillwas reported to the Senate asamend-
ed; and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President  
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was decided while the
Vice President was absent that a Senator could
not hold the floor and farm it out, and I should
like'to know whether that is the law still?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide, so far as the present occupant is con-
cerned, that when the Senate has made a
special order, and the Senator who has pos-
session of the floor yields to allow unanimous
consent to be asked, and a bill is passed sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order, as soon
as the bill is passed the special order is re-
sumed. The Senator from Massachusetts is
therefore entitled to the floor. In such a case
the bill can be objected to by any Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask permission
of the Senator from Massachusetts to occifpy
the floor for one quarter of one minute.
Mr. WILSON. " Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish now before any
other land grant comes up, so that I shall not
be supposed tobe invidious or personal, to say,
that for the rest of this session—I will not say
as to the next—I will not consent, if unanimous
consent is required, to any land grant going
through this body in this way. We do not
know anything of what is becoming of the
public lands, or why they are being voted away
in this manner. These bills that have passed
may be perfectly right, and I dare say they are;
but the people would be vastly better satisfied
if they could be considered and understood.
Mr. POMEROY. I reported this morning,
and the Senate passed, a bill restoring a million
of acres to the public lands.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont make no exceptions ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No exceptions.
Mr. KELLOGG, I desire that we may be
set right so far as the bill which has just been
acted on is concerned. It has once before
passed the Senate unanimously.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And it has passed again
unanimously.
Mr. KELLOGG. The bill is perfectly right
and proper in every respect.
Mr. STEWART. What is the use of talking
about it if there is no motion to reconsider
made.
presidio reservation.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Virginia
has a very brief bill which I understand will
take but a moment, and so I think I shall yield
the floor to him ; but after that I must go on
with the regular order.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Then I ask that Senate
bill No. 533 be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Virginia asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider a bill, the title of which
will be read.
The Chief Cleric. "A bill (S. No. 533) to
relinquish the interest of the United States in
certain lands to the city and county of Sau
Francisco, in the State of California."
Mr. JOHNSTON. There is an amendment
to the bill, offered by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Casserly. ]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
appears to be a substitute intended to be pro-
posed by the Senator from California, not now
in his seat.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Let the Clerk read it.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think that is too import-
ant a bill to be acted upon now.
Mr. STEWART. I think we had betterpass
it now. It is Tiot at all important. I will
explain what it is. It is certainly a bill that
ought to pass. I can explain it in one word.
In 1850 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist, if we are going
to consider this bill, that it shall be reported
to the Senate before there is debate upon it,
if there is a rule of that sort, and I believe
tliGr© is.
Mr. NYE. 1 hope that little bill will be
passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will not pass until it
is read if there is any rule to prevent it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
