1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24?
has been searching in vain to ferret out the
slayers of those ■who have been murdered in
Georgia in the plain sight of many men.
There have been fifteen other members of
the Legislature of Georgia, colored and white,
driven from their homes and are to-day refu-
gees from the counties they were elected to
represent, driven off by Kuklux Klans. The
Governor was requested to give the names of
some of them to the committee, and did give
the names of some ten or eleven of such refu-
gees from rebel violence.
Now, sir, shall we listen to the proposition
to wait until the rebel element of Georgia shall
elect men in the place of those who have been
murdered because they were loyal to the IT nion ?
Not much, I think. I think it is a new way in
Republican government to charge your major-
ities to murder your opponents, and then ask for
time to elect others in the place of those who
have been murdered. Therefore, Mr. Speaker,
a great wrong would be done to allow this rebel
element, these men whose opponents have
been murdered for their loyalty, to take ad-
vantage of their own wrong. I trust that that
amendment will not prevail.
You will observe that the bill allows the Gov-
ernor to call together every member of the Le-
gislature except those who have been murdered
and two who have died. When they meet it
provides for a separation of the "sheep from
the goats," and the good and true loyal men
will have a test put to them. The men who
opposed the Government and who arc still
opposing the Government will also have a test
put to them to try their loyalty to the Govern-
ment. What is that test? Let me read:
Each and every member and each and every per-
son claiming to be elected as a member of said senate
or bouse of representatives shall, in addition to tak-
ing the oath or oaths required by the constitution of
Georgia, also take and subscribe and file in the office
of the secretary of State of the State of Georgia one
of the following oaths or affirmations, namely: "X
do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that
I have never held the office or exercised the duties
of a Senator or Representative in Congress, nor been
a member of the Legislature of any State of the Uni-
ted States, nor held any civil office created by law
for the administration of any general law of a State,
or for the administration of justice in any State or
under the laws of the United States, nor held any
office in the military or naval service of the United
states, and thereafter engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the United Sta tes, or gave aid or
comfort to its enemies, or rendered, except in con-
sequence of direct physical force, any_ support or aid
to any insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, nor held any office under, or given any sup-
port to, any government of a.ny kind organized or
acting in hostility to the United States or levying
war against the United Stages. So help me God, (or
on the pains and penalties of perjury, as the case
may be./'
Now, you will observe that it recites almost
the words of the fourteenth amendment, and
excludes all those who cannot swear that they
have not been Senators and Representatives of
the Congress of the United States, or held any
civil office created by law for the administration
of any general law of a State or for the admin-
istration of justice in any State or under the
laws of the United States, because all those
officers are required by law to take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
Now, my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
with his usual keenness and foresight, comes
in to move to amend this by adding '' and those
taking an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States ;" that is to say, that you arc
not only to prove that the man held an office,
but also that he took the oath he was required
by law to take. They propose to dodge between
the two. A man who is known to have been a
judge, although it may be a dishonest and unlaw -
fuljudge, if bedidnottabetheoath which quali-
fied him, and it also may be that no one can
prove whether before he entered upon the per-
formance of his office he took the oath pre-
scribed by the Constitution, and yet he is not
disqualified because of the defect in proof.
Men will he found who will say, I do not
remember whether I took the oath of office or
not. We shall find very many men with short
memories in this regard, and who, although
they held these offices cannot remember whether
they took the required oath or not, and if
they take the oath will be qualified because it
cannot be proved whether or not they did ac-
tually take their official oath.
If that amendment be adopted this provision
will be rendered nugatory and useless in prac-
tice. As it is we take the presumption that
every man who has held any one of these
offices took the oath of office which the con-
stitution required he should take; and having
taken the oath of office and then gone into the
rebellion he is therefore disqualified.
The next amendment that my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] wishes to make in this
section is to put in the word "voluntarily." I
call the attention of the House to the fact that
the fourteenth amendment disqualifies men
who afforded aid to the rebellion, whether
voluntarily or involuntarily. Now, the Senate
of the United States, believing that it might
be felt to be a little hard to disqualify a man
who was forced into the rebellion, and wishing
to be tender toward all such, and being more
kind and more magnanimous than any Govern-
ment in the world ever was before, have put
in the words "every man who gave any aid
except where he was overcome by physical
force." Now, what was the reason of putting
in that clause in the oath? It was this: every
man in the South, if you would believe them
now, was, with a few leading exceptions, forced
into the rebellion. Go down South, and you
wonder where the men came from who fought
against the Union. The men you meet ou
every hand declare to you, "We were always
Union men ; we stood up for the Union cause
till we were driven against our will into the
rebellion; we were overcome by superior
force." If you admit such statements to be
true you would wonder who fought the battles
on the part of the enemy when it required a
million of northern soldiers to overcome the
armies of the rebellion.
They use this salve for their consciences down
there. Many men say, '' I did not go volun-
tarily into the rebellion. I kept out of the rebel-
lion until my State seceded, and then I was
forced by my oath of allegiance to the State to
follow her in the rebellion. I was obliged to go
with my State, and therefore my aid to the
rebellion was involuntary." There are thou-
sands and thousands who will take the oath
with that reservation ; and, in order that there
maybe no mistakes, it is.enacted in this bill
that, except given under thepressure ofphysical
force, aid to the rebellion shall be taken to be
voluntary.
And such has been the law of all nations. It
is held by every rule of public international
law to be the duty of every subject of every
Government, to resist even unto death all
attempts to force him into rebellion against
the Government and no man has ever been
held excused under any Government for taking
part in rebellion against it until it is shown
that he was actually overcome by superior
physical force.
The law of nations requires that tlie physical
force used shall be to an extent to endanger
life and limb ; and this has always been held
to be only an excuse and not a justification in
the subject for participation in a rebellion
Therefore this bill in this provision follows the
great law of nations.
I trust, 'hen, that the amendment will not
prevail. It is a very specious argument to use
when it is said, "Are you going to disqualify
a poor man who was driven into the rebellion V'
I answer, no. But when the question is put,
' 'Are you going to disqualify a man who thought
he must go into the rebellion because he con-
sidered when his State seceded he owed alle-
giance to his State and must follow it?" I an-
swer, "Yes; he ought not to have admitted for
a moment there was any allegiance higher than
that which he owed to the Government." That
distinction we make ia this bill. A man con-
scripted and forced into the rebellion is to be
excused; a man who for the sake of gaining
or retaining the applause of men or smiles of
women went into the rebellion, under whatever
circumstances, is not to be excused.
The other oath provided in this is simply an
oath that all disabilities have been removed.
Then we go on to say that any person declining
to take these oaths is excluded; and that, 1
believe, is the entire action of the second sec-
tl0The third section provides For punishment
in cases of perjury and false swearing.
The fourth section provides that the Legis-
lature, purged in the way prescribed in the
previous portion of the bill, shall have power
to organize and shall proceedto organize. Now,
I need hardly call the attention of the House to
the fact so well known, that when this Legis-
lature got together on a former occasion a large
number of its members were negroes, and a still
greater number of them were rebels at heart;
and with singular magnanimity the'colored
men said to the other class of members whom
I have mentioned: 11 We will not bring up your
rebellion orthe blackness of your hearts agaiDSt
you to exclude you if you will not bring up the
blackness of our faces against us to exclude
us;" and so they made a fair agreement that
there should be no disqualification of anybody,
either because of color or previous rebellion;
but the moment, the black-hearted men got in
their seats by the permission of the colored
men they voted out the black-faced men. This
section proposes to undo that great wrong, so
that the true-hearted men shall be in and the
black-hearted men out. Those men who did
the meanest political act that history ever re-
corded are to be purgsd from that Legislature.
The next section, the fifth section, provides
that every one who by force, violence, or fraud
shall interfere with the men so elected to pre-
vent tliem from taking their seats shall he
deemed guilty of felony. I take it that no man
here will have the face to say anything against
that section when it is admitted that ten or fif-
teen of the members of the Legislature are
driven from their homes by the Kuklux Klan
and that senators and representatives have been
murdered because they were Itepublicau sen-
ators and representatives. I think that there
should be some provision which should punish
as felony—ay, as the highest felony—any such
act of force or fraud.
Now, sir, I have heard it said—a gentleman
who argued the case of Georgia before the
committee dared to stand up and tell us—that
Georgia is as quiet and peaceful and always
has been as any northern State. I put the ques-
tion to him, " Sir, do you know any northern
State where they murder senators and repre-
sentatives and the murders are unavenged?"
In answer he told us to look at the report of
the Secretary of the Interior and we would find
that there are more crimes committed in this
District than in the whole of Georgia. I asked
him what he meant by "crimes," and he said,
"I mean arrests for crime." That is true, I
have no doubt; and he might have said the
same of almost any village in the land, because
wo arrest crimps and the criminals, so that r.
appears on our records in the northern State*
who commit crimes and how many arc com-
mitted ; but in Georgia there is neither arrest
nor punishment, and it does not apne.u- who
commit crimes.
he assent of the whole community teems to
shield the men who there commit the foulest
crimes against loyal men. With all these min-
ders there has been no white man punished.
JN o white man has been tried, or arrested even,
lor the murder in the ease of Dr. Ayer Th-
Conservatives' seemed to think they mnd
up sometnmg to meet the cry of his blood to
the northern heart, and they arrested a poor
old negro man lor killing him and telegraphed
JNorth thattney had caught the murderer: hut
the negro went before the magistrate and the
grand jury and nothing was found against hi;n.
there was not a scintilla of evidence that he
