1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2503
man from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.] The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have based their
whole proposition to reduce the duty upon a
mistake, and that is that because there were
more cigars made last year than there were
made the year before that is evidence that there
was greater prosperity in the cigar-manufac-
turiug business than there was under the old
law. The gentleman ought to know that the
manufacture last year was of the leaf raised
the year before, the tobacco raised the year
before under the old law and under the expect-
ation that the old law would continue. They
were obliged to manufacture it into cigars last
year. And the consequence is that the reduc-
tion of duty, the increase of manufacture at
home, and the increase of importations together
have caused what I am astonished the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means do not know, the
fact that the cigar-making business all over the
country is depressed.
Mr. ALLISON. It certainly cannot be that
the cigar-manufacturing interest in this coun-
try is depressed because of the reduction of
duty, as the amo int imported bears no com-
parison with the immense amount manufac-
tured. iu this country. What I ask is that the
existing law may be maintained, and that no
change whatever shall be made.
Mr. DAWES. I find the gentleman from
Iowa part of the time arguing strongly in favor
of ad valorem duties and part of the time
denouncing them. To-day lie is for cutting
off the ad valorem duty and reducing it to the
lowest possible point. The other day he was
for a high ad valorem duly. All we want is
just to put it at the ad valorem rate where it
was before the Committee of Ways and Means
tried their experiment last year.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I rise to apointof Older.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would re-
mind the gentleman that by order of the House
the debate on this paragraph is closed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not going to debate
the question, but to state a point of order.
An amendment was offered to substitute for a
portion of the bill $3 a pound and 50 per cent.
ad valorem. A motion was then made to
amend that amendment by striking out " $3''
per pound, which was the rate under the old
law, before 1808, and inserting "52 50 " per
pound, which is the present law. That motion
prevailed. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Allison] now moves to strike out that portion
of the amendment as amended, which pro-
poses to change the ad valorem duty from 25
percent, to 50 per cent., which would leave
the present law hi that respect in force, if it
should prevail.
'The CHAIRM AN. The ruling of the Chair
was based upon the supposition that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] was to change something which the Com-
mittee of the Whole hadiiiserLediu the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Strong.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of the
Whole did not amend that portion relating to
the ad valorem duty.
Mr. STRONG. Allow me to make a state-
ment. In the original bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means the rate of duty
is fixed at S2 per pound and 25 per cent, ad
valorem. I moved to amend that portion of
the bill so as to make the rate of duty S3 per
pound and 50 per cent, ad valorem; and then
my amendment was amended by striking out
"$3" and inserting " S2 50"' as the duty per
pound.
ilr. SCHENCK. And the question pre-
sorted by the amendment of the gentleman
!Vom Iowa [Mr. Allison] is to strike out that
portion of the amendment of the gentleman
i'roni Connecticut [Mr. Stronu] which pro-
poses to change the ad valorem duty from 25
per cent., proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Menus, to 50 per cent., the rate under the
old law.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the explanation
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
the Chair will now rule that the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa is in order.
The question was then taken upon the am end-
ment moved by Mr. Allison to the amendment
of Mr. Stkoxg; and on a division there were—
ayes 62, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Cessna were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 77, noes 37.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question was upon the amendment as
amended; that is, to strike out "$2" and
insert "$2 50" as the rate of duty per pound;
and being taken, it was agreed to.
The question then was upon the motion of
Mr. Sciienck, to strike out the paragraph so
amended.
Mr. SCIIENCK. If it will gratify the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] I will
withdraw my motion to strike out this para-
graph, with the understanding that he shall
renew it.
Mr. MYERS. I renew the motion to strike
out the pending paragraph as amended.
The motion to strike out was agreed to
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
On all cloths manufactured of cotton, and all other
articles manufactured of cotton, tho tjuantity or
value of which is usually estimated or based upon
measurement in square yards, and not otherwise
provide*! for, if unbleached, 5 cents per square yard :
if blcachod, 5 cents per square yard, and in addition
thcieto 20 per cent, ad valorem if colored, .stained,
paiuicd, or printed, in whoic or in part, G cents per
crjuare yard, and m addition thereto 20 per cent, ad
valorem: Provided. That if tho duties imposed by
tins section upon the manufactures ot cotton shall
amount to less than ti5 per cent, ad valoi cm, then the
duty shall bo assessed at tho rate of 35 per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I have been instrnclcd by
the Committee of Ways and Means to propose
some verbal amendments to this paragraph, so
that it shall thereby be made to read as follows;
On all manufactuvesofeoUon, Uic<iuantiiy or value
of winch can be estimated or bused upon measure-
ment in square yards, and not bciein otherwise pio-
vided for, if unbleached, 5 cents per sciu.ire yard : if
bleached, 5 cents per sou a re yard, and iu addition
thereto 10 per cent, ad valorem; it colored, stained,
painted, or printed, in whole or in part, r> cents per
square yaul, and m addition thereto, 20 per cent, ad
valorem: Provided, That if tho duties imposed by
this section upon the manufactures of cotton shall
amount to less than o5 per cent, ad valorem, then the
duty shall be assessed at the rate of per cent, ad
valorem.
The verbal amendments wore agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend this paragraph by inserting after the
words "on all manufactures of cotton'' the
words "the act of March 2, 18G1, is hereby
restored/' It will be recollected that in the
act of 1801 preparation was made for aloan hill
and tax bill for carrying on the great war upon
which the country was about embarking, and |
it was ample foi all the expenditures of the
Government-
Mr. KELLEY. One moment, if the gentle-
man pleases. Wo were not embarking in the
war in March, 1SG1, for the war did not actually \
come on until after that time. The next sub- j
sequent act was the first war act. !
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What, was j;
the loan bill for? j!
Mr. KELLEY. The loan bill was to obtain ji
money to supply the deficiencies created under
tiie administration of James Buchanan and ji
under the free-trade tariff of 1857. That is ,
what the loan bill was for. '
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That sort of !i
talk is very good for the stump. \
Mr. KELLEY. And it is good for the
House and lor the country. \
Mr. BROOKS, of New Y'ork. When I ;
meet the gentleman upon the stump I shall be
ready to listen to that kind of talk. But now
let us reason with each other. Let us have :
no stump oratory. We are sensible men, to !
be reached by reason, and we cannot attain
any satisfactory conclusions iu this House by
indulging in the clap-trap of the stump..
Under the act of 1861, and by the taxes im-
posed in 1861, we prepared for the war. Pend-
ing and after that agitation, amid all the oat-
cries and ravages of the war, when the guns
were firing upon Port Sumter, and wheu the
people of this country were arousing them-
selves to arms or were absorbed in the conflict
of arms, there came to this Congress manufac-
turers from all parts of the United States cry-
ing for more and more protection, like Johnny
Hook, described in the brilliant pages of Wirt's
Life of Patrick Henry. Amid the convulsions
of the Revolution of 1776 two steers belong-
ing to Hook were taken, and forgetful of all
the sufferings of the people of Virginia; for-
getful of the ravages which the British were
making upon the State; forgetful of Bunker
Hill and all its associations, the only cry of
J olmny Hook before the people and the courts
of Virginia was for "Beefl beefl" So here,
amid all our national convulsions, tho cry was
for "Tariffs, more tariffs 1 protection, more
protection 1 bounties, more bounties!" "Beef,
more beefl" Under those cries four or five
tariffs were adopted from 1861 to 1867.
Mr. NEGLEY. I think the gentleman must
mean that as an Irish bull, for certainly it is
not pertinent to this question. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not un-
derstand the point of the gentleman's remark.
The tariff of 1801 was a tariff of from 25 to 30
per cent, ad valorem on cottons. 1 propose
to go back to this duty fixed by the tariff of
1801, and ask the country to be satisfied with
it. It was a Republican tariff, passed by a
Republican Congress, sanctioned by Repub-
lican majorities. I am in favor of restoring it
so far as regards these duties on cotton. The
cotton manufacturers if left to themselves,
without interference by high protective tariffs
upon other articles, would demand no great,ei
protection than they had under tho act of 1861—
in all probability none at all. Take off the
enormous taxes which they pay upon lumber,
leather, oil, steel, copper, brass, fuel, ami
machinery, costing more than twice as much,
certainly twice as much in this country as they
do in Europe; take off the tariff upon these
articles, and the cotton manufacturers would
need no protection.
Istaled indebatc the other day that previous
to the war and previous to these heavy tariffs,
which stopped our exportations, I had seen
tho cotton goods of Lowell and Lawrence upon
the camels, the donkeys, and the mules of the
eastern Mediterranean, bound far into the in-
terior on their way to Damascus; but now the
table of our exportations shows that by the
enormity of our tariff laws our export of this
great product is almost entirely stopped. The
table of exports shows that while in 1800 we
exported American manufactures of cotton to
the amount of nearly $11,000,000, our total
export of similar goods in 1808 amounted to
only $3,179.32-1.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. KELLEY. The gentleman says that he
does not like "stump oratory" in the House.
When he meets me in the interior of Pennsyl-
vania I will steal his story about J ohnny Hook
and apply it to the British manufacturer who
demands the American market. I will apply
it to the grasping importer who would grind
the bones and blood and muscle of the Amer-
ican laborer and mechanic into gold for his
coffers. The tariff of 1861, to which the gen
tleman refers, was not passed by a Republican
Congress. It was passed by a Democratic
Congress, the members of seven States abseni-
! ing themselves from their seats. That is the
way it was passed. It passed with the concur-
, renee of the southern Democracy, who wem,
! away to prepare lor war and allowed those who
1 remained to make a tariff under which they
i hoped to gather revenue enough to pay the
