248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
liad murdered his friend, the man that stood
by him; and that murder is yet unavenged.
And yet there are gentlemen in this House
who, I understand, will move to postpone this
bill, that the rest of the Republican majority
of that State Legislature may be murdered,
even during the Christmas week, the time
when the Son of God came on earth to bring
peace and good will to man! Give them the
time asked for, until the third wc.ek in Janu-
ary, and the Kuklux of Georgia can alter the
Union majority in that Legislature. At any
rate, they may have enough kilied or driven
out of the State, so that when the Legislature
comes together and the incompetent men are
weeded out, there, will not be a quorum with
which to pass the fifteenth amendment or
do anything else; and then they will claim
that as there i3no quorum there must be anew
election, and in that new election they will
take care to elect men who are just as bitter
as those we shall get rid of because of their
disabilities, but who can by stretch of con-
science or otherwise take the oath prescribed
by this bill. Are you about to make your-
selves parties to any such proceeding as that
or tempt other misguided men into thatcourse 1
I trust, therefore, there will be no postpone-
ment to allow the rebels to work their wicked
wills on the Union men of Georgia. The argu-
ment for postponement will be pressed that
these men have promised, if wo will give them
time, to reinstate the negroes in the Legisla-
ture; that they passed a resolution to submit
the question of the eligibility of negroes to
oilico to the courts, which Governor Bullock
vetoed. lie vetoed it rightly, because he un-
derstood, as the Democratic majority under-
stood, that they did not mean to stand by the
resolution, anu that its passage was a mere
political dodge to stave off action by Congress
at the last session. But the question was sub-
mitted to the supreme court ot' Georgia on a
case made (or that purpose, and the supreme
court decided that negroes are eligible to office
in that State. The Conservatives now say that
Governor Bullock has not reconvened the Legis
laturo for the purpose of reseating the negroes.
Governor Bullock testified before the commit-
tee that be had been ready at all times to recall
the Legislature whenever any considerable por-
tion of it or any leading gentlemen on the Dem-
ocratic side wouhl say that they intended to
reseat the negroes or do justice in any way;
that, no man on that side has ever called on him
to give him any assurances of that sort, but that
every one of th'>m has given assurances to the
contrary, that they never intend to reseat the
negroes.
A former Democratic member of this House,
Mr. Tift, who appeared hclore the committee—
and be is the only man who lias given the assur-
ance to us tliat the negroes would be reseated—
said that he had 110 doubt that, if the Legislature
is called together, they will reseat the negroes
and unseat their friends, but ho is repudiated
by all the leading papers in the State.
Now, I will ask the Clerk to read a resumg
of the opinions of the leading papers of the
State of Georgia upon this subject, which will
be found in the Daily Intelligencer, of Atlanta,
Georgia, under date of December 15, 1860.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The J)rmncmlia Prest United.—Vna Democratic
. with perhaps two individual ex-
II. J—Congress. We do not
now call tommd a single l>cuiocratio paper of recog-
nized position and influence in the party that has not
declared boldly m opposition totlictamcnndluunil-
latmsrschemc which would exchange the Democratic
platform lor a tew seats in Congress. Among the last
+o take position on this point is the Augusta Chron-
icle. winch closes an articlo in its issue of the l°th
as follows:
" 'If the Radicals in Congress desire the reseating
of the negroes let them pass an act to that < fleet in
accordance with Grant's recommendation. Leadin"
Radicals seem to be well posted in regard to the pre-
vailing sentiment of the Legis'aturo and ::ve eon tent
to give us time to accomplish our dishonor. Wo pre-
ier—infinitely prefer—the course recommended by
General Grant.'"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I also
hold in my hand a statement signed by the
ablest representative in-Georgia on that side
of the House, the Democratic speaker of the
house of delegates of the Georgia Legislature,
tending to prove that they never intended to
be bound by any decision the supreme court
of that State should make as to the eligibility
of the negroes. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Hall op the House of Representatives.
Atlanta, February 18,1869.
Dear Sik: Your reporter has verbally informed
me that you desired to obtain from me the language
used by mo a few days sineo while discussing the
veto message of Governor Bullock, of a certain reso-
lution which I hud introduced, and which the In-
telligencer had seen proper to discuss in several
issues. '1 hat I may not do misunderstood I will
comply with the request, and give, as well as X can,
the language used by me on that occasion, which
was substantially as follows: * *
" Now, Mr. Speaker, I resist the construction which
has here been placed upon my resolution. There is
no attempt whatever by that resolution to reseat the
negroes in the Legislature. Ideny that the supreme
court has any right under the constitution of the
State to determine the question of the qualifications
of members to this Legislature. Tho only question
to be referred to tho supreme Courtis the right of
the negro to hold office in Georgia. And while it
may be tru-e that a decision of thecourt to the effect
that color should be no disqualification, it could only
apply to the next General Assembly to be elected.
There can be no appeal from tho decision of the last
session on behalf of tho cxoluded members to the
court. In the absence of any judioial decision upon
that subjoot they decidod for themselves, and their
decision, so far as this General Assembly is con-
cerned, will stand without appeal, unless reversed
by the strong arm of military power. No pesson
can, without doing violence to language, place the
construction upon the resolution now before the
house, which has been placed upon it by certain of
its opponents. No one can do it without risking his
reputation for intelligence." "" 5 *
I have tho honor to remain, your obedient ser-
vant. N. P. PRICE.
Judge J. J. WniTAKEJt, of Intelligencer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now I
think that no gentleman in this House will say
that, there was ever any intention on the part
of the Legislature to submit to the supreme
court of the State of Georgia the question of
reseating the negroes, or of allowing the opin-
ion of that court to have any effect.
Mr. Speaker, I was told by a Democratic
gentleman who represents a constituency in
Georgia, that while he believed and so repre-
sented to Congress at its last session that the
negroes would be reseated if the supreme court
so held, still from his knowledge of the temper
of the majority of tho house of representatives
of Georgia now he had not tho slightest hope
of it.
Now, why are we, the Congress of the United
States, to be called upon to wait on bended
knees, and with suppliant attitude ask the Legis-
lature of Georgia to do what is just and right
and what their own supreme court have decided
they ought long since to have done, and what
they would have done before now if they meant
to do it at all ? When the supreme court pub-
lished their decision if the Democratic major-
ity meant to be bound by it every man ivho
voted for the exclusion of the negroes should
have signed a petition to the Governor to call
the Legislature together at once for the pur-
pose of having these men reseated; but not
one of them has done so.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. W0 OD WARD. The Legislature has not
been in session since that decision of the su-
preme court.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well.
Mr. WOODWARD. You admit that?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly
I do.
Mr. WOODWARD. The Legislature had no
power to convene themselves.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. WOODWARD. And the Governor has
refused to convene them. Now, will the gen-
tleman tell us how the Legislature could have
complied with the decision of the supreme
court?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If I ad-
mitted all the premises of the gentleman I
should have to admit his conclusions. But lam
sorry he did not hear what I said ; i suppose it
was for want of clearness of speech on my part.
I did not say the Governor had refused to call
the Legislature together, for he has never done
so, nor has he ever been moved by anybody to
do so. I said that he had talked with all the
leading men on that side that he could get in
communication with, and found that they
neither desired the Legislature to be called
together for that purpose nor to have the
negroes reseated in case they were called to-
gether. He did not think it advisable, and I
agree with him, to put the State to the expense
of calling together a Legislature whose action
would be of no use and no validity.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does the gentleman
admit that the Governor has not issued any
proclamation convening the Legislature?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly
I do.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then, sir, the Gov-
ernor, who alone under the constitution of the
State of Georgia could have convened the
Legislature, has not done so ; and I now ask •
the gentleman to explain why be holds the
Legislature at fault for not complying with the
decision of the supreme court of the State?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 thought
I had made myself plain ; but I will restate my
position, so that it can be understood by any
man of the most ordinary capacity.
The majority of that Legislature having ex-
cluded the negroes, and by the letter of their
speaker which has just been read at the desk
having declared that they never meant to re-
seat those negroes, and the members of the
Legislature with whom the Governor conversed
having all said, as the Governor testified this
morning, that they did not mean to reseat the
negroes, and when he had kept open all sum-
mer, as he told us, an offer to call the Legis-
lature whenever he could be assured that they
would be reseated, I say the burden is on them
and not on him to explain the non-action of the
Legislature, unless they can show that they
asked him to convene the Legislature and that
he refused. That is my view of the matter.
_ Now, sir, the seventh section of this act pro-
vides—
That upon the application of the Governor of
Georgia the Presidont of tho United States shall
employ such military or naval forces of the United
btatcs as may be noccssary to enforce and execute
the preceding provisions of this act.
I have heard outside a criticism upon this
section that it means such military and naval
forces as the Governor of the State may think
necessary. By no means. The intention is
that such troops may be employed as the Presi-
dent of the United States may deem necessary.
The Governor, when he thinks any military
force is needed, must call upon the President,
and it is for the President to s~nd down there
under his officers such force as upon a view of
the whole ease he may think necessary.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that there is about
to be launched upon this House an argument
to the prejudice—-an argument having for its
subject an attack upon the personal character
of the Governor; for I have heard such an
argument elsewhere. I, however, call gentle-
men's attention to the question of the fairness
of dealing with the personal character and repu-
tation of a man who bas no voice on this floor
by making charges against him which he has
1,0 opportunity to answer, and putting on rec-
ord criminations to which he is unable to reply.
Such considerations will be only arguments to
the prejudice, and I trust the vote of the House
will show they have no weight with them. I
cannot see their pertinency to the matter in
band.
The Governor under this bill has but two
things to do. One is to call the Legislature
together by proclamation ; the other is to call
upon the President whenever military forces
may be needed to preserve order and property
