1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4393
from the people themselves, the source of
power.
A great deal can be said on this question. We
might talk all the afternoon as to whether the
number should be two hundred and thirty-three,
two hundred and seventy-five, or three hundred;
but I confess I have no sort of feeling about it.
I think on general principles it is better to make
the body as numerous as it can be, aud have
business practically and understandingly trans-
acted. If that were five hundred, I would pre-
fer a House of that number, if it did not inter-
fere with the transaction of business, because
it would bring the legislative body nearer to
the people, and I think that would be better.
But a majority of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary thought three hundred was a better number
than two hundred and seventy-five, and would
not make a House so large as to render it
unmanageable. Hence the committee reported
that amendment, about which I have no sort
of feeling.
Now, X will state to Senators the effect of
that amendment. It was thought as one rea-
son why three hundred would be a better num-
ber to fix than two hundred and seventy-five
that it would avoid the inconvenience of a loss'
of representation to any State. That is an
incidental circumstance worthy of considera-
tion, but not a governing consideration doubt-
less with any Senator. It is possible that the
State of Vermont may lose a member oven at
three hundred, but if you put the number at
two hundred and seventy-five, I should think,
looking it the census, that Maine, New Hamp-
shire, Rhode Island, and Vermont would each
lose a member, and possibly some other States.
I have a table of the population as estimated
by those who have taken pains to compare the
various censuses, and also have brought it down
to the last date ; and it will be observed that
some of the States took a census in 18G5, and
I think some even since that time. The States
of Massachusetts, New York, and Illinois were
counted in 1865; so that we can approach
something near the exact state of things; and
those who have taken pains to compare these
statistics have come to the conclusion that the
population of the United States, including the
Territories and all, will be found this year to
be forty million eight hundred thousand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How were those censuses
taken in 1805?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under State authority.
By the State constitution of Illinois we are
required to take the census in 1855, 18G5, and
so on. It is done under State authority, and
we have State officers appointed for the pur-
pose of taking the population. An enumera-
tion was made in Massachusetts also. I do not
know their provisions, but I presume it is
equally authentic with the census taken under
Federal authority.
If the number of Representatives should be
increased to three hundred, the State of Massa-
chusetts, which now has ten members, would
have eleven ; it would gain a member. If the
number is three hundred, the State of Con-
necticut, having now four members, would
probably gain a member. At three hundred
the State of New York, now having thirty-one
members,would have thirty-four, gaining three
members. The State of New Jersey now has
live members; it would have seven on that
basis. The State of Pennsylvania has twenty-
four members; it would have twenty-nine upon
that basis. Virginia has been divided into
West Virginia and Virginia since 1860, and 1
do not know the exact population there, but
taking the two together there would probably
be some increase. North Carolina would gain
one member; she now has seven, and then
would have eight. South Carolina would gam
two; she has four, and would then have six.
Georgia would gain two; her present repre-
sentation is seven under the apportionment,
aud she would then have nine. Alabama
would gain two; she now has five Representa-
tives; she would then have seven. Missouri
would gain three; she now has nine Repre-
sentatives, aud would then have twelve. Lou-
isiana would gain one; her representation is
now five; it would then be six. Texas would
gain two; she now has four, and would then
have six.
Mr. MORTON. How is Indiana?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will come to that in
a moment. Arkansas would gain two ; her rep-
resentation is now three; she would then have
five. Tennessee would gain one; she now has
eight Representatives, and would then have
nine. Kentucky would gain one ; she has nine
Representatives, and would then have ten.
Ohio would gain two; she has now nineteen
Representatives, and would then have twenty-
one. Indiana would gain two; her present
representation is eleven ; she would then have
thirteen. Illinois would gain five ; her present
representation is fourteen; she would then
have nineteen. Iowa would gain three ; her
present representation being six, she would
then have nine. Kansas, according to this
estimate made by the writer to whom I have
referred, would gain but one member; but I
think she would gain more. She now has one
Representative and would then have two.
The writer estimates her population at only
three hundred thousand.
Mr. POMEllOY. It will be about six hun-
dred thousand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That shows the value of
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think Kansas is under-
estimated. It is estimated here at taree hun-
dred thousand. Michigan would gain three
members ; her representation is now six, but
then would be nine. Minnesota would gain
two; from two to four. California would gain
two; she now has three Representatives, and
would then have five. The other Stages would
remain as they arc, unless it be the State of
Vermont, which possibly may lose a member,
though that is not certain.
In reply to the remark of the Senator from
Vermont as to the value of the estimates made
here, I think myself that Kansas is underesti-
mated. It is, however, not certain what the
population of Kansas might be. I think it
would be better to put the number at three
hundred, because it would interfere with a less
number of Slates. That is an incidental reason
and not to be dwelt upon at all; because it
would bring the Government nearer to the peo-
ple, and the nearer you can bring it the more
satisfactory I know it would be to the Senator
from Missouri and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and all of us, if the House is not made
so large as to bo unwieldy; but that is a ques-
tion about which we could have much and
lengthy debate. I am indifferent about it,
whether it be two hundred and seventy-five or
three hundred. I have made this statement sp
that the Senate may see the effect of placing it
at three hundred; but I shall be quite content
if the Senate make it two hundred aud seventy-
five and agree with the House. It would neces-
sita.te, however, probably the loss of members
from some four States.
Mr. DRAKE. One word more, sir. I do
not wish to take the time of the Senate on this
subject, or protract the debate, but the remarks
of the Senator from Illinois make a word or
two from me necessary.
I am perfectly aware that the settlement of
the apportionment is a thing ill which this body
is entitled to its full voice just as much as the
House of Representatives. But my idea was
this: that body comes directly from the peo-
ple, and may be supposed to be a little more
familiar than the Senate is with what ratio of
representation and what number of Represent-
atives would be acceptable to the people at
large; and they, standing in that attitude to-
ward the people, have sent us a bill here fixing
the number at two hundred and seventy-five,
and our committee propose to increase that
number to three hundred; and upon what
ground do they do it? Two grounds. First,
that if the number is left fixed attwo hundred
and seventy-five, several New England States
will lose Representatives. Well, sir, upon my
word, I think that the New England States can
well afford to lose Representatives. There are
six of them there that do, not contain as much
population in the aggregate to-day as the State
of New York; and while the State of New York
has two Senators on this floor, those six New
England States have twelve, an amount of
political power with which our Yankee breth-
ren certainly, in my judgment, ought to be
abundantly content; and if in the House of
Representatives they happen by the apportion-
ment'to have in three or four States a single
member dropped off, I think it is the last thing
in the world they should complain about.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ilavc they complained
about it?
Mr. DRAKE. No, they have not; but tha
Senator from Illinois takes it up for them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me to interrupt, him for the
purpose of sayiug to him that it does not alter
at all the relative power of New England in
the House of Representatives, whether the
whole number is two hundred and seventy-five
or three hundred.
Mr. DRAKE. I am perfectly aware of that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So that they neither
lose nor gain in proportion. If it was one
hundred, their relative proportion would be
the same as it would be at five hundred.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Illinois
does not tell me anything in that statement
that I do not already know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You spoke of a loss of
power.
Mr. ITIURMAN. Allow me to ask ray
friend from Missouri a question. If you make
the House of Representatives very small you
might make it so small that all the voters in a
State would not be equal to the number required
to elect a member of the House of Representa-
tives, and yet by the Constitution that State
would be entitled to one Representative ; and
the consequence, therefore, of having a very
large ratio would be to give to these same small
New England States a greater relative power
than if you have a larger number of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. DRAKE. I think that is so. But, sir,
it is not a question with me of depriving one
part of the country of its relative proportion of
political power and giving it to another pari of
the country. What I want is to put the thing
upon an absolutely equal basis, that in the
House of Representatives the relative power
of every portion of people shall be alike.
But, sir, the Senator from Illinois in intro-
ducing this report planted in the records of the
debates of this Senate a reason for the increase
of representation from two hundred and sev-
enty-five to three hundred which I wish to see
this Senate reject by its vote, and thereby save
this country from ail immense trouble in the
future. He now says that it is only an inci-
dent ; but the Senate ought to reject it whether
it is placed by him in the foreground as a prime
reason or brought in collaterally as an incident;
and that is, that we are to increase representa-
tion in the House in order to avoid auy State's
losing any portion of its present representation.
Sir, I do object to that most seriously. I
object to Congress recognizing that, I do not
care whether it is incidentally mentioned or
mentioned as the principal thing. I object to
any recognition of that doctrine, because, as I
said before, it will lead us eventually to a House
of Representatives of a thousand members,
just to make more places for politicians toiaU
into, and to result in no good to the country.
Mr. YATES. This is a somewhat import-
ant question, as it affects the rights of the peo-
ple and the representation of their rights and
views in Congress. It is-not. however, so im-
portant in fact, because it will make but little
difference, scarcely a perceptible difference m
the House of Representatives, whether there
