1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2505
tlemen desire to check importation and to cheek
the tide of immigration they can do it by
reducing duties, if Iowa and Minnesota and
Illinois are over-populated, if you do not wish
to sell your lands ; if Missouri and Kansas are
too crowded, then, in God's name, let them
take sure means to prevent immigration by so
reducing your industries that the mechanic shall
find no reward for his labor and furnish no
market for the grain and wool of the West.
Here, in David A. Wells's report, are the fig-
ures, showing you that the rates of duty are
the thermometer by which you may indicate in
any one year what will be your immigration
and what will be the amount of your customs
in the next year. The first effect of iow duties
is to stimulateimportations; but when you have
closed the workshops of the country, you check
the importation of goods, cut off the revenue,
and bankrupt the country as you did under
Buchanan.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment
merely to state to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] that he never can settle this
question with the farmers of the country by
any figures that he can make out on a sla<e.
There is something that the farmers of the
country understand better than that, and no
one understands it more clearly than the farmers
of little Rhode Island, which he has taken as
an example. They yesterday indorsed this
policy, that they have stood by over since those
figures which he has brought forward here
were made out twenty-five years ago. There
is a difference between the farmers of the
neighborhood in which the gentleman resides
and the farmers round about Lawrence, Massa-
chusetts, where a city of twenty-five thousand
inhabitants has been built up in the last, twenty
years, and round about Manchester, New
Hampshire, where they turn out one hundred
miles of cloth every day and in three hundred
and sixty-five days enough to encircle the
globe. You may talk to those farmers as you
please with your slate in your hand and you
cannot convince them. Set down Lawrencc
or Manchester within a hundred miles of my
friend in Illinois and you can make neither the
farmers around him nor him either believe lor
twenty-four hours the doctrine he has brought
out here on his slate. If you could take those
cities and plant them upon the prairies of the
West, and give the farmers there the market
that, they would afford, you could not make them
believe this doctrine that you are to depend upon
She foreign market for the sale of your produce.
They know what will be the difference in the
value of their real estate by haying: those manu-
facturing towns spring up in their midst, and that
is worth all the figures, and more too. The
progress of these manufactures, the fact that
within two or three years one third of all the
woolen manufactures of the country have
sprung up in the western country, makes this
principle certain in the future of the politics
of this country, and gentlemen are fighting
against the stars ; they are fighting against the
growth of this country and its prosperity. It
is a question between having our manufac-
turers) our mechanics, our merchants, our
blacksmiths, and all that gathers around such
industries here, and having them on the other
side of the water.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Neither the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] nor the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] lias
answered the position and the facts which I
presented a while ago. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania has evaded it by some statistics
in regard to immigration, which I submit, as I
cannot go at length into that matter, cut no
figure in this case. The immigration into this
country is controlled by causes that I cannot
stop now to discuss. The tariff ot 1342 was
in operation for three years, and during that
time it produced widespread distress through-
out the entire West and South, and even in
Rhode Island, as I have shown, it reduced the
price of all agricultural products. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts says that the farmers
of Rhode Island have been satisfied ever since.
Why, nearly all the industry of_ that little
State has been turaed in the direction of man-
ufactures. The gentleman has misapprehended
the force and bearing of the testimony I pro-
duced from Rhode Island. The question put
was, does the State raise a sufficient supply
of horses, mules, hogs, cattle, meat, and other
provisions for the consumption of the pepple?
and the answer was that they did not; that they
obtained large supplies from Virginia, Mary-
land, and other States, and an estimate is given
of the supplies and the prices from 1800 to
1842, and from 18-12 to 1845, and it shows that
on every single one of those items of flour,
beef, pork, bacon, fish, butter, cheese, lard,
New Orleans molasses, corn, rye, buckwheat,
beans, Cuba molasses, horses, and neat cattle,
on every one of those items, under the tariff
of 1842, the price had declined. Nov/ they
are all manufacturing in little Rhode Island,
and I can understand why Rhode Island should
be in favor of a system by which she bleeds
the people of the West and the South, and
why she advocates a still higher tariff. But I
can tell the gentleman that if he thinks^ the
farmers of the West and the people of the
South do not begin to understand this swindle,
lie is very much mistaken. They do compre-
hend that it is a system by which the fruits of
the industry of the people of the South and
WTest are transferred day by day and year by
year to the people of the Bast and North, and
they are impoverished while you are enriched.
I am not surprised that the manufacturers of
Rhode Island and of the district of the gen-
tleman fro in Massachusetts should favor a sys-
tem by which for iheir benefit the farmers of
the West are swindled ana robbed.
I want the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
understand that they begin to comprehend this.
He tells us thatwe do not get any price for our
wheat now because too many are engaged in
agriculture, and he tells us that while we are
living under the operation of the highest tariff
ever known to this or any other country. Why
do they not get any price for their products ?
You have turned out of employment forty thou-
sand people who were engaged in commerce
and ship-building. You have turned one hun-
dred thousand men out of employment who
would otherwise be engaged in building rail-
roads ; you have cut us out from the out-
side markets of the world by this enormous
tariff; and now you insult the farmers of the
West and the people of the West by telling
them that they must quit agriculture and go
into other employments. What other employ-
ments can they go into? You have robbed
them of tlieir money ; you have depleted them
and bled them for years, and put the fruits of
their labor into the pockets of the manufac-
turers of the North and the Bast; and now you
tell them that they must go into other employ-
ments when they have no money with which to
go into other employments. And you have
swindled thom in freights on railroads and in
every way. They have been swindled by the
iron-monger, the manufacturer of cotton fab-
rics, the manufacturer of woolen fabrics, the
manufacturer of salt. Thov have been swin-
dled in every direction, and that explains the
reason why, with their rich lands, the people
of the West are becoming poorer and poorer,
while the wealthy and opulent are raising their
i palatial residences in the East and the North,
j The people understand this thing now; their
| eyes are now opened, and they will no longer
! submit to this system of robbery and taxation.
! [Here the hammer fell.]
i The CHAIRMAN. All debate on the pend-
i ing amendment is exhausted.
_Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that amendment so that I may have
an opportunity to say a few words.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will withdraw it if the
gentleman will renew it, for I shall insist upon
a vote on this amendment, or one reviving the
tariff of 1842, which imposed a duty of 30 per
cent, on these articles.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of making a few remarks. It
is the easiest matter in the world to scold; it
is the easiest matter in the world to cry " swin-
dle! " "swindle!" "swindle!" withoutcoming
down to particulars.
Mr. MARSHALL. I did go into particulars.
Mr. SCHENCK. What are gentlemen de-
bating here? Theories of free trade which
never did and never will exist; theories of
protection, high and low, when those are not
really and particularly the questions which are
before the Committee of the Whole.
The paragraph now under consideration is
one relating to cotton cloths, and if gentlemen
will look at it they will find that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means propose to classify
those cloths into four classes, and to have four
rates of duty upon them. And if they will refer
to the existing law they will find, not fourteen
rates of duty, as I said the other day, but
eighteen rates of duty upon the same article.
I was misled into stating that there were only
fourteen rates of duty, because there is one
class that produces only $10, another provided
for under the law that produces nothing, and
two or three others that produce an amount so
small that they were not taken into account.
In fact there are, under the existing law, eight-
een divisions or classes of cotton cloths taxed
at various rates.
The first object of the Committee of Ways
and Means was to simplify the whole matter,
so as to have but few rates to cover all the
various classes of these goods. The next ob-
ject was neither to build up nor to break down
that which exists under the present law, but on
account of the necessities of the country to re-
tain everything as nearly as possible in its pres-
ent condition. The committee did not quite
succeed in this, as it was hardly possible they
should ; for upon a careful analysis it will be
found that the present law produces a result
which shows that the average percentage of the
whole number of rates, including the 35 per
cent, ad valorem, is 54} per cent., while this
bill proposes 52J per cent. If you take into
account those classes which fall under the 35
per cent, advalorem, rate you will find that the
bill reduces the average rate of protection from
49J per cent, to 48 per cent. And whether you
take in or leave out the 35 per cent, ad valorem
goodsas a class, in either case, the bill proposes
to reduce the present rate of duty about Hper
cent, upon the whole all round. The resultof this
is that if you leave the law as it has continued
from the last full annual return upon the sub-
ject you would derive from the duty on these
cotton cloths, of all the various classes, a reve-
nue of $2,577,048 05 ; in fact, you did derive
that much. The bill, however, would give only
$2,481,467 45 upon the sameamount of import-
ation in a year. In other words, the bill makes
a reduction all round of 1] per cent, upon
an average, reducing- the aggregate revenue
$96,201 50. I aver that a careful analysis of
the bill in connection with the Treasury re-
turns will show this result. I repeat, it was
not particularly the object of the committee
to lower the duty ; still less was it their object
to raise the duty. What does the gentleman
from New York propose by his amendment!
To go back to the act of March, 1801; that is,
to go back for the purposes of revenue to the
rates of duty in force before the war. 1 say,
I therefore, that his proposition is one of repu-
' diation. We need more revenue now than we
did in March, 1861. Why? Because of the
enormous load of debt thrown upon us by the
war; and I expect, that the same people who
