2506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
fought out that war, who have paid so large a
proportion of that debt,, who stand pledged
before the world to pay all the rest of that debt,
which has been the price of their national life,
will stand by such measures as will yield a
sufficient amount of revenue to continue the
payment of the debt. The gentleman wants
the debt to stand; but at the same time he
wants to go back to a measure which will bring
us no more revenue than we had before the
war. I repeat, the proposition is simply to
repudiate the public debt; 110 more, no less.
There has been a great deal of scolding about
iliis "bill of abominations," a great deal of
talk about the " generality of things in gen-
eral," as I remarked the other day. But to
come right to the point, the present proposition
is to strike out a paragraph of the bill which,
although reducing the duty, reduces it only to
the extent of 1J per cent., for the reason that
we are under a great load of debt, and must
continue to have money to meet that, debt.
The gentleman from New York wants to go
back to a tariff enacted at a time when the
debt did not exist; in other words, to repu-
diate that debt.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. " Repudia-
tion! Repudiation!" I deserve that cry from
the gentleman from Ohio. What did I do but
the other day? With little support from my
friends on this side, voting almost altogether
with gentlemen on the other side, I helped to
pass the bill of the gentleman from Ohio, " to
strengthen the public credit." Yet his first,
cry against rue here is "Repudiation!" I
deserve his censure. I ought to have stuck by
the great body of my political friends. I will
not hereafter be misled by any such leadership
into voting for any such bills of the gentleman
"to strengthen the public credit," when I iind,
as I do, that no matter how we vote, he but cries,
"Repudiation! Repudiation!" No man, not
even the honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sciienck:,] has a better record upon all bills
affecting the public credit than I have ; and I
tell him that the duties imposed by the act of
1861 on cottons will increase, not reduce, the
public revenue; will strengthen, not impair,
the public credit. These are facts, and 1 can
support them by statistics which there is not
time for me to detail here.
Now, let me say one word in reply to the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kellet.] Let us get right, if we can, on
matters of history. 1 said that the act of 1801
was the act of the Republican party. That
act was passed on the 2d of March, 1801, when
three fourths, nay, four fifths of the southern
members of Congress, Democrats and Whigs,
had deserted this and the other Hall, and loft
the Republicans here in complete and abso-
lute ascendency. With the war impending
before their eyes and certain to come, the Re-
publicans prepared for that war by the act of
March, 1801.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio, instead
of simplifying this bill, as he originally re-
ported it (one hundred and twenty-ninth line)
in the "not otherwise provided for," compli-
cates more and more the duties or taxes. To the
ad valorem duties of the act of 1835, to its 100
and 200 threads to the square inch, all to be
counted, he now adds, in the "not otherwise ,
provided for," the complication of the lineal I
with the square yard, and the 10 and 20 per I
cent, ad valorem.
Sir, all such complications make it impossi-
ble for men, unlettered, unciphering men, who
might otherwise understand even the Arundc-
lian Marbles or the Sphynx of Egypt, to com-
prehend the purposely ingenious classification
of the cotton manufacture of the country in
these bills of yours, made purposely to throw
dust in the eyes of the great body of the peo-
ple, and to make them unable to understand on
what they pay taxes. Sir, in the close of this
bill, and toward the last, is a most ingenious
arrangement, in which we say, "If the duties
shall amount to less than 35 per cent. ad valorem
then they shall be assessed at the rate of 35 per
cent." This sweeps all the lower or cheaper
classes of goods from the poorer people, and
in most such cases is prohibition. Under the
act of 1S05, $2,0SG,G93 of cotton goods were
imported, and the duties were $780,342,goods
" not otherwise provided." Here the act, from
line one hundred and twenty-six to one hun-
dred and thirty-eight, is intended to close the
doors against these importations, by measure-
ment in square yards, and thereby raising the
tax enormously.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio, if he
had given the same attention to the cotton
classification which he has given to the other
portions of the bill, would not, on the faith of
the Treasury alone, have made the declarations
he has made here; for it is impossible, under
the section as printed here in the bill for our
action, to come to any such conclusions as he
has arrived at.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCIIENCK, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew it. My col-
leagues on the Committee of Ways and Means
propose a substitute for the provisions of the
bill. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] proposes that we shall go back to the
Republican tariff of March 2, 1801. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] is will-
ing to go back to the Whig tariff of 1812. It is
worthy of remark neither of them proposes or
suggests the propriety of enacting the tariff of
1840, which was a Democratic tariff.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 will accept the tariff
of 184G very willingly. If the gentleman is in
favor of it 1 will support it if he will propose it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no doubt he will,
none in the world ; yet the gentleman, with
strange inconsistency of logic, labored with
great earnestness—iny colleague on the com-
mittee intimated it was scolding, but I will not
use that expression ; but, sir, it,was with pow-
erful emphasis—to show that the effect of the
tariff of 3812 was most disastrous to the agri-
cultural interests of the country. Wo might
suppose that was a historical fact to be left to
the recollection and experience of the great
body of the gentlemen of the Committee of the
Whole, for there are few of us whose recollec-
tion does not go back and £0 back distinctly to
that era. The gentleman from Illinois reasons
upon a historical fact, upon a paper taken from
the archives of the Treasury Department, a
statement made some twenty-five years ago .by
the partisan collector of the port of Newport,
Rhode Island. Was it needed for his histor-
ical information or to give him a correct un-
derstanding of the agricultural condition of
his country twenty-live years ago? I venture
to say there is not a man forty years of age,
old enough to notice things at that time, who
does not know after the passage of the tariff
act of 1842, after it went into operation, that
its effect upon the business of the country of
all kinds, manufacturing, agricultural, anil all
others, was to increase it with astonishing
rapidity, so much so, as has been stated here
again and again, that in the great State of
Pennsylvania, in the presidential election of
1844, that State was carried by the Democrats
on the cry of the protective tariff of 1842, and
from the belief, because of the letter of James
IC. Polk to Judge Kane, that he was in favor of
a higher degree of protection, more decidedly
protective than Mr. Clay.
Mr. MARSHALL. What was the fact else-
where and what was the result elsewhere?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will tell him what was
the result in my own State, where one of our
citizens, a popular man and a favorite of his
party and admired by all the State, was de-
feated by the distinguished statesman of the
neighboring State of Kentucky. And in the
State of Louisiana a nominal vote was given
for Mr. Polk, in consequence, I believe, and i
as every one understood, of the operations in
the parish of Plaquemine, which have no sort
of exemplar in the history of our affairs, un-
less it be in the last few years in the way in
which the State of New York was carried by
our friends on the other side.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Perhaps you
may find it easier to get a case, in the State of
n u11gs6g.
Mr. MAYNARD, The gentleman could
easily tell us under what influences the State
of New York was lost in 1854. Itis suggested to
mo that the files of the gentleman's paper, if
produced, would show it more conclusively,
perhaps, than anything else I could say.
Mr. NIBLACK. Perhaps the gentleman
will give us the history of the late Republican
convention in Tennessee?
Mr. MAYNARD. If that had any sort of
relevancy to this debate I certainly would.
But what I rose for was to answer the remarks
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
on the tariff of 1842.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I do not propose
to reply to any of these political or partisan
allusions. They are not relevant to this debate.
For the purpose of making this tariff right it
does not matter whether the Democratic party
iu the past was right or wrong, or whether the
Whig party was right or wrong. We have a
new order of things since the war. We have
changed our currency. There is a different me-
dium used for the payment of private debts and
for the payment of customs. We have had
many new tariffs' since the war began. For
one I desire to throw aside all these reminis-
cences that belong to the tariff discussions in
the past. Nor do I want this bill decided in
accordance with mere theories of free trade.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
tho chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, demands that wo should give him facts
and not theories. He shall have facts in rela-
tion to cotton aud other matters before wo get
through.
The chairman of the committee claims credit
for the committee because they have graciously
reduced the tariff on cotton goods down to 54£
per cent, on an average in gold. This is a very
liberal tariff; very liberal indeed! Mr. Chair-
man, I made in 1804 some ciphering with
reference to the tariff of 18G2. It will apply
now. 1 will state the mode of calculation to
show precisely how much per cent, is repre-
sented by these duties. I have before me that
statement. It shows the amount of advalorem
duty, which is nearly equivalent to the present
tariff, on all the articles of cotton manufactures
and cotton goods from abroad, which come
into competition with our home manufactures.
I will not at present go over the various
items. _ The gentlemen of the Ways and Means
Committee are sufficiently familiar with them
already. Tables have been prepared for their
delectation in the committee-room showing the
duty on articles of worsted and cotton goods.
They range from 35 per cent, to over 125 per
cent. 1 see that some of them are 128 per
cent, ou one article, 109 on another, 91, 81,
80, and 75 on others, and so on. They illus-
trate tho mode of making this tariff.
Mr. MAYNARD. May I inquire what the
gentleman is reading from ?
Mr. (JOX. I am reading from a statement
prepared by Messrs. Benkard & Hutton, im-
porters of worsteds aud cotton dress goods,
No. 144 Duane street, New York. I under-
stand it was presented to the committee. My
colleague, [Mr. Brooks,] who is more versed
in these custom matters, says that it is correct.
It that be true, then these duties on cotton
manufacturers, in calling for a protection of
per cent, in gold, are well deserving of
the language which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] applied to them. You may
call this legal. You may enact these duties by
statute; but if you do it knowingly, you are
