8450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
working at half what is paid a man who is em-
ployed performing the same service.
I have no doubt, as is suggested neat me,
that there can be those found who will do the
service for this pay. That is not the question.
So there could be found those who would be
plad to be Senators for half the pay we get.
There coald be those found who would per-
form the service that the male clerks in the
differeut Departments perform at perhaps half
their pay. That is not the question. The
question for us is, what is a reasonable com-
pensation, in view of the expenses of living
in Washington, for persons employed in Gov-
ernment service? 1 have been mortified and
ashamed that we made au invidious distinction
between males and females in paying for the
services they render. There is no ground on
which it can he justified; and I am glad the
Senator from Illinois has offered an amend-
ment which is at least a partial relief. It is
something; it is a step m the right direction.
Although it will not accomplish everything
that ought to be accomplished, it will certainly
apply to very many cases. There are those
employed who rise early and work late, who
perform more service than is performed by the
average of clerks, and yet who get only a half
compensation. I do not know on what ground
it can be justified. I do not knowwhat reason
can be urged for it I am certain that there is
no man who has been familiar with the service
these clerks render, and has seen their labor, nnd
has seen the reports made by the heads of the
different bureaus, who would not be willing to
plftce them on equal footing with male clerks
who are doing the same kind of work.
I only want to say further that there is in this
country to day an organization, commencing,
perhaps, in Boston, not to secure the ballot for
women, bat to seeure equal wages and equal
pay; and that organization are opposed to
granting women the ballot, but they do insist
and do urge that she should be paid for her
labor, pertormed for the Government or for
individuals, the same that is paid to men for
performing the same work. Now, I call upon
Senators who are opposed to giving the ballot
to woman to at least come up to the position
of this organization, and give equal pay for
equal work. I notice that a paper is to be
started in that interest ia a few days, to oppose
the ballot, but to insist on equal pay for an
equal amount of work.
While I cannot believe that anything short
of the ballot is equal protection, and while
would rather have a ballot in the hands of any
man or woman, to protect him or her, than a
standing army under our form of government,
yet those who do believe that they can appeal to
the common sense and to the good judgment of
men to get equal pay for equal work without
the ballot should cotne up now and support
this measure. There cannot be in my opinion
a more just and suitable measure presented to
Congress, to compensate these ladies for what
they do exactly on the same basis as we would
men if they perform the same service.
Mr. FOWLER and others addressed the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas is still npon the floor. Does he yield
to the Senator from Tennessee?
Mr. POMEROY. I see so many Senators
who are anxious to come to the rescue and
help this amendment, that I am only too will-
ing to have them speak, and not myself.'
Mr. FOWLER. I do not want to speak,
but only to ask the question whether under
this amendment the female clerks may not be
excluded and males substituted in their place ?
Mr. POMEROY. It does not exclude any-
body. It is optional now, except that the bill
provides that so many females shall be em-
ployed. In one or two of the sections it says
there shall be so many males and so many
females.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; it does not say that..
Mr. POMEROY. Not this amendment, but
there is another section of the bill in which
they are alluded to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is an appropri-
ation made for clerks, without determining
whether they shall be males or females; and
then there is an appropriation made for female
clerks. It says " female clerks" in the appro-
priation.
Mr. FOWLER. The point is this: whether
this amendment will not tend to exclude them
from this service'altogether.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir. Where the ap-
propriation bill says that in such a Department
there are allowed so many male clerks and so
many female elerks this amendment will sim-
ply require the head of the Department to
classify them, to put them into a class, and
give them the same pay allowed to the male
clerks performing similar service.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am glad
this amendment has been offered. I cannot
see why a female should not have the same
compensation for the same labor as a male. I
never could understand it. Amon® the argu-
ments I have heard in favor of female suffrage,
the strongest has been the fact that performing
the same service in various departments of life
women were not equally compensated.
Mr. COLE. I think it has come under the
Senate's observation that females generally
perform different service to that performed by
males as a class, and that they are not capable
of performing so much labor or the same kind
of labor as males, and it only happens in rare
instances that the same service is performed
by persons of different sexes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This only applies to
such cases.
Mr. STEWART. It only applies to such
cases. I admit that males can perform some
services for which females cannot be employed,
but here is a proposition applying to classes
where the same service is performed, and I
should like to know if there is any argument
why they should not have the same compensa-
tion. Why a distinction should be made I can-
not understand. There are many positions in
which females can perform more service and
are more useful, and yet I notice they do not
receive equal compensation. This is true in
various departments of life. In teaching school
you will find a female school-teacher worth halfa
dozen of the class of male teachers you can get
for the same grade of schools, and she does not
get the same compensation. You find it also in
the various menial employments about houses.
You find a great many employments where this
discrimination is unjustly made. I say when
the Government undertakes to employ persons
it should not_ follow this nnjust practice, and
where there is the same service and equally
valuable service rendered by malesandfemales
females should receive equal compensation.
I would remark right here that in these
Departments, with regard to the mere matter
of copying, the mere matter of writing, that
work can be done by females, and as well
done; and I think it for the interest of the
country that it should be done by them. They
should have a chance. I cannot see why a
good many male clerks who are indifferent
cletks would not be better employed in set-
tling up farms, if they are able to work, why
Some of them shonld not be crowded out by
females who could perform the labor just as
well. It would be better for the community,
better for the male clerks to be sent out of
the city, and better for all concerned. I do
not see why there should be a discrimination
because some of the labor is performed by
females.
Mr. SAWYER. I sympathize with a
great deal that has been said by the honor-
able Senators from Kansas and Nevada on
this question. I see no special reason in the
nature of things why a certain amount of ser-
vice performed by a woman should not be as
well compensated as if performed by a man.
I say I see none in the nature of things, but I
do see a reason in the existence of facts. The
truth is that these ladies were put into the
Departments of the Government as clerks
because they were cheaper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my frieud
excuse me one moment?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to make
a proposition to which the Senator can address
his remarks, if he will allow me.
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I send to the
Chair an amendment as a substitute for that
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would be willing to
have the Senator's proposition added to mine,
but not to agree to it as a substitute.
Several Senators. Let us hear what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator lrom
Maine moves to amend the amendment. It
will be reported.
The Chief Cleuk. The amendment of the
Senator from Maine is to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois and insert—
That the hoada of tho several Departments are
hereby authorized to appoint fomale clerks who may
be found to be competent and worthy to any of the
grades of clerkships hnown to the law in therespect-
lve Departments, with the compensation belonging
to the elas3 to which they are appointed.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that, as an addi-
tion to the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, would be very appropriate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves this as a substitute for that
amendraeut.
Mr. SAWYER. I was about to say that
there are reasons in the existing state of facts
with regard to male and female labor which
apply to this case, aside from the principles
of abstract justice concerned in it. These
ladies were put into the Departments because
their labor was cheaper. Female labor is
cheaper all over the country, and I maintain
that when the Government becomes an em-
ployer it employs labor on precisely the same
principle as an individual employs it, the best
labor at the lowest compensation which it is
I practicable to get it for.
Mr. FOWLER. Do we not give our pages
here about ninety dollars a month—the little
boys who wait on us?
Mr. SAWYER. I have no doubt of it. The
Government, however, must as a general prin-
ciple go on that idea, that it employs the best
labor that it can for the lowest practicable
compensation. Now, if the effect of this prop-
osition were to keep these ladies in the Depart-
ments and give tbem precisely similar labors
that are performed by the male clerks, and if
they would do the work equally well, pay them
equally well, I should have no objection to it.
But the practical effect is going to be entirely
different. There is not a head of a Department
nor a head of a bureau who would not rather
have a male clerk in the bureau than a female
clerk doing precisely the same work; and the
effect will be to drive the females from the
Departments and substitute for them male
clerks, who, as the Senator from Nevada says,
would be better off cultivating the farms of the
West. That is going to be the practical effect
of this amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to ask the
Senator a question: whether he speaks by
authority of the heaas of bureaus or gives his
own impressions?
Mr. SAWYER. I speak on my observation
of what men who are superintending such
branches of labor desire.
Mr. THAYER. I ask in reference to the
heads of bureaus in the Departments.
Mr. SAWYER. I have not consulted with
particular heads of bureaus.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator expressed the
