1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3451
opinion that they would give the preference to
males and exclude females. I have not come
to any such conclusion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You would not if you
were head of a bureau. [Laughter.] I
Mr. THAYER. No, if they performed the
duties as well they should have an equal chance, i
and I do not know but that I would give them j
the preference. , , ,
Mr. SAWYER. I have not a doubt that
the gallantry of my friend from Nebraska ;
might induce him to let the public service !
suffer a little, perhaps, in consideration of the 1
benefit he might do to his female friends. '
[Laughter.] j
Mr. THAYER. Not at all. I said expressly |
on condition of their being able to perform j
the service equally as satisfactorily for the j
public good.
Mr. SAWYER. And one of the elements
of that satisfaction, of course, would be the
pleasure of association. But, Mr. President,
I believe the practical effect will be what I
have stated, that the moment you put these
female clerks into the grades and classify them
asyou do other clerks, and make them receive
the same compensation, they will gradually be
worked out ot the Departments, and then you
will take away from women a source of employ-
ment, a source of support which is now given
to them, and giveu to them with advantage to
the Government.
I do not want to go into the discussion of
the question whether as a general thing female
clerks are as efficient as male clerks. I think
much might be said on both sides of that ques-
tion. But I suppose one thing certainly will
be conceded, thai of the three hundred and
thirteen working days of the year they will be [
absent two days on account of illness for one
that a male clerk is absent. I presume that
will be conceded; and it is not to be expected
that they should endure the physical labor which ■■
is necessary to be aclerk in one of these Depart- j
ments with the same facility that a man endures !
it. It is not a fact that they do it. They render i
the Government very good service, and they get i
paid for it better than almost any other class of !
female labor is paid for now: and if the voice of
tbe females who are in the Departments could
be taken on this question, 1 have not a doubt
that s6venty-five per cent, of them would say,
"Vote it down , and it is because those who
reflect on this matter anticipate that if it is !
passed they will be turned oat of the Depart-
ments sooner or later, tind probably soon.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Maine whether he proposes
taking a recess to-day?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought it
very likely that the Senate would prefer to
continue the session until we had closed the
bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I simply wished to know.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine
to the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine will not
prevail. It would defeat the whole object of
the amendment which I have offered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Why?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why? Because it sim-
ply authorizes the heads oT Departments to
appoint females in any class they think proper.
That they can do now. There is no law against
it; but the practice is against it. There is no
habit of appointing female clerks, either as first,
second, third, or fourth class clerks ; but there
is no law to prohibit it being done. All that
the Senator from Maine would accomplish by
his amendment, if he strikes out the amend-
ment which I have offered, would be to author-
ize the Departments to do that which they may
do now. What would be the practical effect
of his amendment? Simply that the Depart-
ments would do nothing. These clerks in your
Departments who are paid $900 a year sit in
the same rooms where men sit who get $1,200
and $1,400, and many of them instruct the
male clerks in their duties every day; and they
perform as much or more service, and are paid
$900, sitting by the side of male clerks who
receive instruction in their work from them. 1
I say there can be no reason given, none has
been given, and none can be given why these
persons, doing precisely the same work and
doing it as well, aud they are not to be paid
unless they do, performing the same service
that the men perform, should not have the
same compensation. I look upon it as dis-
creditable to the age, as discreditable to the
Government, to insist upon paying the female
who performs the same service less than it
pays to the male.
The amendment of the Senator from Maine
strikes all this out. My amendment provides
that all these female clerks and copyists who
are now performing the same service that your
$1,200 clerks are performing, are sitting in the
same rooms, doing the same duties, shall have
the same compensation. But the amendment
of the Senator from Maine does not accom-
plish that. It simply authorizes the Depart-
ments to appoint female clerks in the different
classes. They may do that under the amend-
ment I have offered. The amendment which
I have offered provides that it shall be the
duty of the various heads of Departments so to
classify the female clerks the law now has pro-
vided for that they shall receive like compen-
sation with males for like and similar services.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator one question. Is it not the general
rule that men employed in the service of the
Government have families or other persons
dependent upon them for support, and is it
not tbe general rule that women do not have
persons dependent upon them for support? Is
there not some ground in that fact for a dis-
tinction ? I know that there are clerks who
have no families and nobody to support but
themselves, and there are some women who
support relatives; but, as a general rule, men
support their families or relatives and the
women support nobody but themselves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am glad the Senator
has asked that question of me. I do not think
I know half a dozen female clerks in all the
Departments; but of that half dozen four are
widows supporting children by their clerk-
ships.
Mr. EDMMUNDS. And drawing pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I think none of
those I know are drawing pensions. The Sen-
ator from Vermont is chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and has a great deal to do
with the widows of soldiers who are pensioned,
and may know if some of those are in Depart-
ments. If they are there I am glad of it. I
think they are deserving persons. The women
who have given up their husbands to the coun-
try, and have children to support, may very
properly be in the Departments, though they
get a pension of eight or twelve or sixteen dol-
lars a month, a very inadequate compensation
to a soldier'8 widow left with a family of chil-
dren, and withoutproperty to support them.
Mr. STEWART. I am informed by the
heads of Departments that they make it a point
to employ only those who have others depend-
ent upon them, that they make that the rule.
I think you will find of tbe ladies employed
that nineteen twentieths of them have families
to support.
Mr."TRUMBULL. T cannot say in refer-
ence to the rule, for, as I said, I know very
few of those clerks. I may say further that I
do not know one female clerk in any of the
Departments who got her position at my in-
stance. It may be possible there are some I
recommended years ago who are still in the
Departments; but I atn not aware that there
is one.
Now, Mr. President, it does seem to me so
just that these persons should be put upofi the
same footing in regard to pay that I cannot
see how we should refuse it. We had this
question up a year ago, and the Senate by a
very decided vote inserted in a bill a provision
something like the one we now have under
consideration; but somehow or other in a com-
mittee of conference the provision was lost, I
do not know how. The Senator from Kansas
says it will- be so now. I hope not. I hope
if the Senate put it on, as I trust they will, that
they will adhere to it, and I cannot think that
the House of Representatives will refuse it.
A suggestion has been made by some that
if you make the pay the same for females as
males the result will be that the females will
be driven out of the Departments ; that men
will come here who are politicians and have
votes and who will insist with members of
Congress that they shall be appointed to these
places. I hope that we may pass a bill before
we adjourn that will disconnect members of
Congress from these appointments; and that
would be an answer to this suggestion; but if
we do not do it, I do not see why any such
result would follow. It is said men will want
to do this work when you pay the females
$1,200, there is so much work to be done in
the various Departments. The men may just
as well insist that the $900 females shall be
discharged, and they perform the service at
$1,200, as to insist that the $1,200 females
shall be discharged. It does not affect the
pay of a man at all, because any man who is
appointed a clerk in any of these Departments
gets $1,200 at least. None of them have less
than that; and if they can go to work by their
influence and bring to bear such a pressure
upon the heads of Departments as to compel
them to give them places they may just as
well do it now, because by dismissing the $900
female clerks the work which these female
clerks do will have to be done by others, and a
man will get $1,200 for it. So there is nothing
in that suggestion.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to make a remark ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I think the appropriation
bill provides for a certain number of female
clerks in each Department and bureau. It
provides in the items for the various offices,
first, for a certain number of male clerks, and
then for a certain number of female clerks, at
$900, naming the number of each. Now, I
should like to ask the Senator how he is to
find out whether the labor of the females is
just the same labor as is done by the males.
What sort of standard would be adopt? How
would he get at the fact?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
South Carolina was at the head of a division
in one of these bureaus where there were a
dozen clerks, half of whom were males and
half females, I do not think he would have any
difficulty in determining whether the lady clerks
performed as good service as the men did. I
think he could ascertain without any trouble
whether they performed their duties faithfully,
and be could report the facts. And if they
did not, they ought not to be there. If they
did, then they should be paid as well. If he
were to sit there and see many of these accom-
plished ladies who write beautiful hands and
write rapidly, and if he were to examine their
work and then lay beside it the writingof some
males in these Departments, he could have no
difficulty in determining that their compensa-
tion under the provisions of a jaw which pro*
vided that they Bhould be paid the same for
similar work should be the same as that of a
$1,200 clerk. I think there will be no difficulty
in the practical application of the proposition.
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to pro-
long the debate. The measure seems to me
so obviously just that I cannot but think the
Senate will adopt it, and I hope the Senator
from Maine will consent to offer his proposi-
tion as .an amendment.
