1870.
MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
glow And gleam immortal, anconsamed by
moth or rust."
Sir, in this grand work, applauded by earth
and blest of Heaven, the Democratic party |
bad no part whatever. For more than a quar- .
ter of a century, before slavery raised the ban-
ners of civil war, it had been its pliant tool,
ever swift to come to its support before it was
called and run on its errands before it was
sent. Ever prompt to obey its decrees, the
Democracy clung to the relentless and unap-
peasable foe of the country after that foe had
inspired a bloody revolution to blot the North
American Republic from the map of nations.
After civil war had reddened the bright waters
and green fields with the blood of our slain
song; after it had tent wounds, sickness and
sorrows into the homes of the people, the
Democratic party persistently continued to re-
gist every measure for the nation's defense, if
tbat measure tended, in the slightest degree,
to weaken the admitted cause of all our woe.
Throughout the war, of which slavery was the
inspiration, the heart and soul, aud long after
it became clear to the comprehension of intel-
ligent patriotism that its death would be the
annihilation of the rebellion, the unity of the
Republic, the life of the nation, the harmoni-
oosdevelopmentof free institutions, the repose,
culture, and renown of the people, the Demo-
cratic party mourned, aud would not be com-
forted, over every blow struck at the retreat-
ing) dying fiend.
During the years from 1861, while ont of
power, the Democratic party has been the
dealiest foe of the African race and of its
friends. It has scoffed at and jeered at every
generous, humane, and ennobling idea, ana
steadfastly striven to defeat every measure to
make it free, recognize its rights, or elevate ita
condition. It resisted making free slaves used
by rebels for military purposes at the openiug
of the war, and the act forbidding officers of
the Army to return fugitives seeking the pro-
tection of the national flag; the abolition of
slavery in the nation's capital and the pro-
hibition of slavery in the national Territories;
the repeal of the fugitive slave act and the
freedom of slaves captured or coming within
the lines of onr armies; the recognition of the
nationality of Hayti ana Liberia and Mr. Lin-
coln's proclamation of emancipation ; the en-
rollment of black soldiers to fight the battles
of the country and the freedom of black sol-
diers, their wives, and their children; the admis-
sion of the colored pepple of the District of
Columbia to the right to testify in the courts and
to the right to ride in the public conveyances;
the constitutional amendment forever abolish-
ing slavery in the United States and the Freed-
men's Bureau, for the aid, protection, and edu-
cation of emancipated bondmen ; suffrage to
colored men in the District of Columbia and
in the Territories of the United States; the
civil rights measure, securing to black men the
full and equal benefit of all laws for the security
of person and property, and the amendment to
the Constitution providing that no person shall
be denied equal protection of the laws equal-
izing representation, and forbidding the pay-
ment of the rebel debt or payment for slaves
emancipated: the reconstruction measure giv-
ing to colored men in rebel States the right
to vote, and the acts for restoring the eleven
reconstructed States to their practical rela*
tions to the Government; the fifteenth amend-
ment, securing to the emancipated race the
right to the ballot and the nation's honors.
During all the struggles for these and kin-
dred measures, by which slavery was annihi-
lated and the freeamen elevated to the full and
complete rights and privileges of citizenship,
the Democratic party has appealed, and still
continues to appeal, to the cowardly fears,
selfish instincts, and unreasoning passions and
prejudices.
the reconstruction measure*, so often de-
nounced, were born of humanity, patriotism,
and justice. The work has been nearly accom-
plished. The last State will soon be repre-
sented here and the Union completely restored.
And bow justly and how merctfnlly have these
reconstruction laws been administered 1 Sir, it
is among the most glorious results of the war, ;
one of the proudest achievements of the coun-
try, tbat the military men we put over these south-
ern departments—men who bad led armies,
fought battles, men whose word had been law
in the Army—have acted with such prndence,
snch discretion, such humanity. Sheridan,
Mower, Pope, Meade, Terry, McDowell, Canby,
Sickles, Schofield, Ames, have endeared them- '
selves to their countrymen by their prndence,
their humanity, their justice in administering
and carrying out these laws. Never in our his-
torv were the whole people of those States so
well governed as they have been under these
reconstruction laws. Never did the whole peo-
ple there have so much protection as they nave
had under them.
Sir, I would not taunt Democratic Senators
with their weakness in this Chamber. I trust
I have too high a sense of justice, too much
magnanimity, to do an act so ungracious and
discourteous. The Senator from Kentucky, as
is his wont, denounced our measures as atro-
cious, declared ua frenzied with passion, and
reminded ns that there would be a sudden
awakening; that we should be driven from
power, overthrown, and our works shaken off
as the lion shakes the dewdrops from his mane.
The Senator from Delaware, too, if I under-
stood him correctl v, indulged in these prophetic
utterances. I only with to remind Senators
who during the last nine years have predicted
the overthrow and the disgrace of the Repub-
lican party and the rejection of its measures
that this has been continued in the face of their
constantly-waning power in this Chamber.
High, pure, noble, glorious as is the record
of the men who through years of calumny,
persecution, and toil have made the Republic
free, we are not faultless. We have been but
the weak and humble instruments of Providence
to work out grand results for our country, our
race, and Christian civilization. We have been
inspired and directed by a higher than any hu-
man power. With all our weaknesses we nave
nearly accomplished the grand work of our
time. History will recora it, aad the world
will remember it.
Sir, what has been done by the Republican
and Democratic parties during the past fifteen
eventful years is history; neither the Senator
from California nor myself can change it. I
assure the honorable Senator that we are ready
to submit our principles, our motives, our
actions to the verdict of the present and of
the future, and to the merciful judgment of
Almighty God.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, the Senator
from California has seen fit to renew on this
floor a statement heretofore made, that there
are Senators in this body who were placed here
by military force. Ho says that the Demo- |
cratic party have not that fault to be laid at
their door; that whatever else they may have
done they never at least placed Senators on
this floor at the point of tne bayonet Sir, I
do not wish to tire the patience of the Senate,
but I wish to sav a word or two in reference to
this oft-repeated charge.
It has been said here on maay occasions tbat
the governments which have been set up in th«r
South ware governments which were supported
by military force, and that thoae who represent
in the Congress of the United States the States
which have been thus set np are here not as
the true representatives of those people, but as
simply the representatives of the Republican
party, as it is represented in Congress, and that
they are placed here by agencies proceeding
from the center to those States rather than
coming up from those States to the center.
Now, Mr. President, the great fault which
the Democratic party have to find with the
process by which Senators who represent the
reconstructed States en this floor come here
is tbat it did not place here men who were the
representatives of a minority of the people of
those States. The reason objection is made
to the Republican Senators who stand here and
the Republican Representatives who stand in
the House at the other end of the Capitol is
that they do not represent a minority rather
than a majority of the people of the recon-
structed States. If we represented here tbat
minority who once were the ruling power in
those States; if we represented here those men
who for all time would have kept themselves
a ruling oligarchy in those States, we should
not bear one word of complaint from the Demo-
cratic side of this Chamber. It is for the very
reason that we do represent the majority of the
people in those States that this charge ia so
frequently made. I maintain, Mr. President,
that there never was an election in any one of
the reconstructed States before the war which
was so absolutely, so completely, so fairly tbe
voice of tbe majority of the people of those
States, as those which have been held under
the acts of reconstruction. 1 maintain that if
the power of the bayonet has been need in those
States it has been in the bands of disloyal men
attempting to i nti mi date and prevent from voting
those loyal citizens of the United States who
were the truest and best friends of the Govern-
ment. Wherever force was nsed to affect an
election there it was need, if nsed by the agenU
of the Government of the United States, to
protect every man in expressing freely his voice
and recording freely his decision on tbe great
questions which were submitted to his consid-
eration. Whereverj on the other hand, force
was used by the disloyal minority of those
States it was nsed to keep from the polls, it
was nsed to intimidate, to affright from tbe
exercise of the newly-bestowed privilege of
suffrage thoae true men who woula have voted
for the friends of freedom and the friends of
the Government.
Now, if the Senator chooses to charge that
I stand here aa a representative of a govern*
ment which has been set np by force, let me
tell him that it was that force which it was
entirelv legitimate for the Government of the
United 8tates to use, and which had been ren-
dered absolutely accessary by the kiadof force
which had been employed by his political
friends in destroying aad abeolutely nullifying
tbe old governments which existed in those
States. The gentlemen who were the political
friends of the Senator from California had
completely destroyed all legal governments
which existed in those Statea. There was no
political party in the United States who, at the
close of the war, did not confess that all legal
governments in the States lately recoaatrueted
had ceased. No Democrat then stood on this
floor and claimed that the governments which
had existed there for four or five yean were
anything but de facto go vera meats, nenrping
powers that did not belong to them, and it
was the mission of the United States, it was
the duty of the United States, to pat the peo
Ele inhabiting the geographical liauta going
y the names of South Carolina, Georgia, or
Alabama, into such a position that they could
iBflm • government which could receive the
sanction of the Government of the United
States and which was loyal to it.
I did not however, Mr. President, intend to
allude to anything of this kind. 1 simplv allade
to it now to repel the insinuation made here
that I stand on this floor aay less the repre-
sentative of a State of this Uaioa, aad of a large
majority of the people of that State, thaa the
Senator from California stands here as the rep-
resentative of his State.
I did aoU Mr. President, intend to apeak at
all upon this question. It is owing to the un-
certainty about the duration of this debate tbat
I rose to say one word. I am obliged to leave
the city this evening, and I do not know that the
Senate will reach a vote to-day; and I wish to
pot upon record my opinion in refeieate to the
question before the beanie, that my poeiuoa
