5340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
unfriendly region of the rebellion, until it floated
on the breezes of the sea. If General Sherman
should die to-morrow, the office of General
would, as I understand it, cease.
Mr. WILSON. It will under this bill, if it
passes.
Mr. CARPENTER. The office is to cease
then with him; and yet, while he holds it, it
is proposed to reduce_ ita emoluments.
Mr. President, it has been said, in contempt
of free institutions, that "republics are un-
grateful." This charge we thus far have been
enabled to brand as a slander. But who, sir,
if this bill shall become a law, could ever again
stand up and vindicate this Republic from that
charge? Who, sir, remembering what the Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] has so eloquently
alluded to, the honors and rewards conferred
by Great Britain upon Wellington after the vic-
tory of Waterloo could vindicate in compari-
son the act we are nowcallcd upon to perform?
The war in which Sherman played so conspic-
uous a part, was not waged in support of a
scheme of foreign policy, and to preserve an
equilibrium of power among surrounding na-
tions, as was the war waged by England against
Napoleon. No, sir; our war involved our
national life; and with every advance of Sher-
man's forces the existence of the Government
trembled in the balance.
But, sir, where Sherman fought the nation
won ; and iu the darkest hour the hope of a
nation followed his advancing step. And when
the war was ended, when the danger was passed,
when the heaving sea of rebellion 110 longer
lifted the keel of the State, when our "good
lady, Peace," came " smiling through the land"
a grateful nation lixed the salary of the office
ot General, thai they who had earned it might
enjoy it. But, sir, as we are receding from that
point, "the love of many has grown cold;"
and this bill supposes that Congress, begrudging
its former liberality, is ready to commence jew-
ing down the pay of its General. Sir, if this be
done, the nation will be disgraced, and every
man, woman, and child 111 it will be dishonored.
No, sir; I should except the Chinaman. As
we have forbidden him to participate in our
public affairs, he is not represented, and there-
fore not answerable for what is done here; and
if this bill shall become a law, the Chinaman
may be congratulated that, of all the men in
the nation, he alone will not be disgraced.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I should
like to make some remarks on this bill; but I
should be very glad, if it would be agreeable to
the chairman of the committee, to hear first
what be has to say in defense of this bill, if he
prefers to speak.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that is right. The
prisoner ought to be called upon. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WILSON. Doubtless the Senator from
Alabama, after listening to the eloquent and
accusatory speeches wehave listened to to-night,
thinks that the criminal should be summoned
to plead in his defense. To these eloquent
gentlemen who have undertaken to speak the
voice of the Army I have to say that during
the three weeks this report has been before the
Senate, while I have received many letters from
officers of the Army, and been called upon by
several 01 tiieui urging the passage of the bill,
I have notfrom any officer of the Army received
any letters, or heard a word in opposition. Of
all the officers of the Army I venture to say
there are not fifty opposed to the bill. The
voice of the Army is enthusiastically for its
passage. 1 have not seen nor heard from any
portion of the Army any opposition to its pas-
sage. On the contrary, there have been re-
ceived letters from all quarters pressing its
passage; and so earnest is the feeling that I
have received letters intimating that the failure
to pass the bill was causing much disappoint-
ment and unfavorable comment.
Leading journals have pressed the bill upon
the Senate. To those gentlemen who assume
to speak for the Army I say that the Army is
against them in the ratio of at least ninety-
five out of a hundred. Of the officers of the
Army, both stuff and line, none are stronger
for its enactment than are the staff officers
stationed in this city. Yes, sir; the staff offi-
cers are for the acceptance of this report by
the Senate, and they will be gratified to-mor-
row morning to learn that it has been agreed to.
The reduction of the pay of the General and
Lieutenant General of the Army has been much
commented upon by honorable Senators. I
would have provided in this bill, if 1 could have
controlled the matter, that their pay and allow-
ances should continue as now provided by law.
But, sir, how much is the reduction of the pay
of these officers whoso merits we all acknowl-
edge ? The pay of the General of the Army
is to be §12fUOO a year by this bill, some thou-
sands larger than you pay your Chief Justice
and Cabinet officers. Thou he is to have fuel
and quarters according to regulations. lie is
entitled to a house with nineteen rooms, to
furnish which will cost, I am informed, at
least $5,000; so that his pay under this bill will
exceed seventeen thousand dollars; it is be-
tween eighteen and nineteen thousand now.
There is very little reduction iu the pay of either
the General or Lieutenant General, for it must
be remembered that these officers are not only
entitled to this pay, one $1:2,000 and the other
$10,000, but they are entitled to fuel and quar-
ters in kind.
Sir, a word in regard to the remarks of tho
Senator from South Carolina, who told us that
the chaplains were struck at, and I10 thought
praying was not so necessary now as during
the war and not so valuable. I think praying
is needed quite as much in the country now as
it was during the war. By the House bill the
pay of an Army chaplain was fixed at $1,200,
precisely what is in tlie act of I80G ; but by the
law of 18GG chaplains were entitled to two ra-
tions a day—sixty cents a day. We have raised
the pay ot chaplains from $1,200 to $1,400,
which makes it about the same as provided
under the present law.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator does not mean
that the pay of a chaplain during the war was
that?
Mr. WILSON. That is tho pay of chaplains
as it has been for four years under tho law of
18GC.
Mr. SAWYER. But before that the pay
was $150 a month and rations.
Mr. WILSON. A word touching brevets.
It is well known that there is and has been
great complaint in tho Army in regard to the
bestowal of brevets. Those who served in the
field think those who were of the staff, and
especially those 111 the cities, ought not to have
been breveted. But Mr. Stanton, who saw
the intense labors of these officers, who knew
the hours of toil they devoted to the country,
breveted them. I think it was generally well
deserved, for many of these officers toiled
night and day during the war, and many of
them devoted, perhaps, two or three times more
labor than the officers in the field were called
upon to devote to the service. Of course they
did not run the risk of battle-fields; but sol-
diers do not generally make complaints about
being exposed in battle. The battle-field is the
field of honor and glory for the soldiers. Many
of these staff officers who were forced by the
orders of their Government to remain out of
the field, thus losing promotion by it, losing
the honors that distinguished services in the
field brought, sought by every means in their
power to get in the field and get at the heads
of regiments, brigades, divisions, and corps,
as many of them did.
Sir, this bill does not take away the commis-
sions of officers who have been breveted. They
hold their commissions; their names are borne
upon the Army Register. It simply makes
this provision, that they shall not wear the uni-
form of their brevet rank; and why? Some
lieutenants and captains of the Army wear on
parade the uniforms of colonels or generals;
and perhaps a captain in addressing his first
lieutenant is under the necessity of calling him
"major," "lieutenantcolonel," or "colonel."
There is a great deal of complaint about it in
the Army. It was thought best for the sake
of uniformity, for the appearance of the Army,
that orders should be issued on the real com-
missions borne, and that the uniform worn
should be according to the real commissions.
The Senator front Wisconsin [Mr. ("arpe-v-
tek] has spoken of this matter of retired officers
officers might fill civil offices. The Senate voted
it down after a full debate, and the House and
the Senate are responsible for that provision ; I
am not. That matter was not in controversy
in the committee of conference. There is no
great harm done by it, and it may be changed
by other legislation hereafter.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] has
substantially repeated the eloquentand pathetic
speech he made when the bill was under con-
sideration in May last. The Senator was in
error then ; of course he is in error now. He
talks about wounded officers, whose wounds
have not healed, being dismissed the service.
There is nothing of the kind in this bill; it is
all in the Senator's imagination and on his
tongue. This bill enlarges the list of retired
officers from sev.eti per cent, of the officers of
the Army to three hundred. Provision is made
in this bill for all the wounded officers of the
Army to be retired, and retired at seventy-five
per cent, of their pay. This is a most liberal
provision ; and is so regarded by the Army
officers.
Talk about the veterans of Napoleon, the men
of the English army, or of any of the continental
armies! Neither Erance, nor England, nor any
other European Power, ever acted with such
generosity toward the wounded men of their
armies, old or young, as is provided for by the
existing laws of this country and by the very bill
now before us. Every line of the bill is liberal
and generous toward the wounded, the worn-
out, the aged men of the service. We even pro-
vide that men, after having served thirty years,
may, 011 their own application, be put on the
retired list. We leave it with them, and many
of the officers desire it.
Sir, in regard to the matter of Sunday parades
at West Point, of which complaint has been
made, I have received letters from eminent
officers of the Army, referring to President
Lincoln's order given during the war, that there
should be as little work done 011 the Sabbath as
possible, an order which was approved and
applauded by the country. I say I have re-
ceived letters from eminent officers of the
Army urging that the principle here mentioned
as applicable to the Military and Naval Acad-
emies should be applied to the Army itself,
and that the Army should not be called upon
011 the Sabbath day for drills, parades, or any-
thing of the kind. 1 know there are differences
among officers and also among citizens in regard
to this matter of Sunday parades. Most of the
chaplains ot the Army have, during the last few
years, urged upon me repeatedly, in letters, to
provide against Sabbath work, and it will be
remembered that the Visitors of the Naval and
Military Academies have complained that the
studies were so arranged that the cadets were
compelled to study upon the Sabbath, and
they recommended the change here provided
for.
_ Most of the military legislation of the last
nine years has passed through my hands and
under my observation; and I trust the records
of the past will satisfy any onethatithas never
been in my mind or heart to strike at the offi-
cers of tne Army or anybody in the Army.
Every mail who served bis country during this
war through which we have passed has my
