252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Now, why should the Legislature be sum-
moned without at the same time a proclama-
tion being issued for the filling of the vacancies
in those districts 1 Why should not each of
the districts be represented in the Legislature ?
The same proclamation which gives time for
the assembling of the Legislature would give
time for the election of men in those districts,
for the election of others, it is to be presumed.
If Governor Bullock be correct those men
who are constitutionally ineligible will resign
their placcs. Why not give those districts the
opportunity to fill their places with others?
Does Governor Bullock expect by the rump
of a Legislature to get a whitewashing report
to clear him from all the charges which have
been brought against him, and then to get that
Legislature to proceed to the election of United
States Senators ? Is this Congress to prostitute
itself for purposes of that sort? If you are to
give those people a fair opportunity to assemble
in their Legislature and be represented by men
who are qualified—under military power, if you
please—then make provision for filling up the
vacancies, and allow the full Legislature of
Georgia to pass upon any amendment to the
Constitution; to pass upon the election of Sen-
atorg, and to treat her as you would any other
State to which you intend to give any reason-
able chance to do justice to herself. Yet the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleu]
seems to think it would be an outrage to allow
that to be done. I say it would be an outrage
not to allow it to be done, and hence the amend-
ment is proposed in good faith.
I also propose to add in the second section
the word "voluntarily" before the words
''engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the United States." And I say that this House
if it has a proper respect for itself will insert
that word. In the test oath, known as the iron-
clad oath, which was made as strong as it
could possibly be made, I jVesutne to exclude
everybody concerned in any way in the rebel-
lion from holding a Federal otficc, from begin-
ning to end uses that language. Here it is :
" That hereafter every person clcctcd or appointed
to any otiico of junior or profit uuder tile Govern-
ment of the United States, cither in tho civil, mili-
tary, or naval departments of tho public service,
excepting tho President, of the United States, shall,
bofore ontoriiiK upon the duties of such office, and
beloro being entitled to any of tho salary or other
emoluments thereof, take and subscribe tho follow-
ing oath or affirmation : ' I, A B, do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that I have never voluntarily borne arms
against the united iStutcs since I liavo been a citizen
thereof; that I have voluntarily Riven no aid, coun-
tenance, counsel, or encouragement to persons en-
gaged in urmod hostility thereto; that I liavo nei-
ther souslit nor accoptod nor attempted to exorciso
tho functions of any olljco whatevei under any au-
thority or pretended authority in hostility to the
United .States; that I have not yielded a voluntary
i-uppoit to any pretended government, authority,
power, or eon«l itution within the United States hos-
tile or inimical thereto.'"
If file word "voluntarily" was inserted in
the iron clad oalh why should it not be inserted I
here, unless the oath was intended to be used I
as a trap to catch those men ? It is now pro- I
posed to exclude from that Legislature all men
who gave any aid or comfort to the rebellion
" except in consequence of direct physical
force." If it were said "except in conse-
quence of direct physical force or fraud," or
if such words had been used as would have
excluded men who rendered involuntary aid.
there might have been some propriety in it.
Why, take this case out of the thousand that
might, be imagined. Suppose that a man in
Ohio, a thorough loyalist, a Federal soldier, if
you please, had been approached by General
.John Morgan, or any of his men, in their raid
, through that State, in the guise of Federal
soldiers, and he, believing them in good faith
to be Federal soldiers, had given them import-
ant information, believing he was giving it to
officers of the United States Army, when in
fact they were confederate officers in disguise,
that man, if he had moved to Georgia, would
be sent to the penitentiary if he took his seat
in the Georgia Legislature and took that oath,
because he had in point of fact given aid to
the rebellion, and there was no direct physical
force compelling him. That is one of the
features of this bill as it now stands. That
man involuntarily, unintentionally, while in
fact he was believing that he was aiding the
Union cause, was giving aid and comfort to the
rebellion, and giving it without being under the
compulsion of direct physical force. And yet
this bill proposes that he shall be fined from
$500 to $2,000 and imprisoned for not less than
one year if he has become a citizen of Georgia
and shall dare to take his seat in the Legis-
lature ! That is the way in which the bill now
stands ; and hence the importance and pro-
priety of the amendment T suggested, to insert
the words " shall have voluntarily." Common
justice requires that you shall not entrap and
punish men who have been intentionally guilty
of no wrong, and this House will regret and
be ashamed of this bill unless those words are
inserted. The common sense, the common
justice of every man. woman, and child, black
or white, in the United States, would revolt
against such a provision as this with the words
I propose left out.
I also gave notice that I would move to amend
by inserting the words " and as suchhas taken
an oath to support the Constitution ofthe United
States," because the third section of the four-
teenth amendment provides that no man shall
be disqualified from holding office unless he
lias not only held an office under the United
States before the war, or under some State
government, but had previously taken an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States.
That is the express provision of the third
section of the fourteenth amendment, and it
is to make this bill conform t.0 that that I
propose to offer this amendment. Is not that
right? Are you going to apply the test-oath,
or are you going to make the bill conform
to tho third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment,? If you are going to do it in good
faith why not comply with the terms of that
third section and put in the words which it
requires shall be inserted? You cannot re-
quire the test-oath. You do not propose to
doit; although the President recommended
that it should be required I have no doubt, from
information that 1 have received since, that
the President did not intend to do it,. It is so
said by his friends. 1 believe it. I believe it
because I am unwilling to suppose that the
President would do it after he had announced
that that oath would not be required of them,
as he did in his telegrams to General Meade,
when General Meade submitted the Question
to him whether it could be done or not.
The Reconstruction Committee ofthis House,
of which Governor Boutwell was chairman,
announced that it would not be required. The
Attorney General of the United States, in an
opinion delivered at therequest ofthe President,
decided that it could not, be required in Vir-
ginia, when General Canby asked for informa-
tion. And after all this, after all that the Presi-
denthassaid anddonein relation to Goorgiaand ,
Virginia, he would stultify himself by saying that
it should now bo required. In none of the
southern States had it been required—neither
in North Carolina, South Carolina, or Florida ;
and the President had said that it would not be
required in Georgia, and the Attorney General
had said that in Virginia it should not be re-
quired. I say, after ail this I cannot believe that
the President did willfully and intentionally
recommend that the Legislature of Georgia
shall now be required to take the test-oath.
Mr. ELDR1DGI5. I would ask the gentle-
man to what paper of General Grant he refers !|
wherein he recommends that the test-oath j,
shall be required?
Mr. BECK. I will read that portion ofthe h
President's message sent to this House on the ii
first day of the session: j:
_ "Seven States which passed ordinances of seces- li
sion have been fully restored to their places in the 'l
Union. Tile eighth, Georgia, held an election at 1
which she ratified her constitution, republican in i|
torm, elected a Governor, members of Congress a it
State Legislature, and all other officers required.
The Governor was duly installed, and the Legislature
met and performed all the aers then required of them
by the reconstruction acts of Congress. Su bseq uently,
however, in violation of the constitution which they
had just ratified, (as since decided by the supreme
court of the State,) tbey unseated the colored mem-
bers of the Legislature, and admitted to seats some
members who are disqualified by tho third clause of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution, an
article which they themselves had contributed to
ratify. Under these circumstances, I would submit
to you whether it would not, be wise without delay
to enact a law authorizing the Governor of Georgia
to convene the members originally elected to the
Legislature, requiring each member to take the oath
prescribed by the reconstruction acts, and none to
be admitted whoare ineiigibleunder the third clause
of the fourteenth amendment ? "
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That, then, is the opinion
of the President at present. I supposed that
was what you referred to, but I wanted it to
appear plainly on the record.
Mr. BECK. I say, and it is the only chari-
table construction in view of the past history
of the President, of his own written telegrams
to General Meade, which I have before me,
and which are published in a speech I had the
honor to make on the 6th of April last—I say
it is the only charitable construction to believe
that he did not at the time understand or fully
comprehend the force of the language used by
him in his message. I am willing to assume
that such is the fact until we have some further
evidence against him.
I have never made any factious opposition
to General Grant or his Administration. I did
what I could to defeat him. We failed. After
his election I determined in good faith to give
him a reasonable support as a member of this
House. 1 have done so and will continue to do
so. But if I believed that he had deliberately
and intentionally, in the face of all that he has
said, in the face of the opinion of his Attorney
, General, in the face of his own recommenda-
i tions regarding Virginia, and in face of the fact
I that Georgia was reconstructed even according
| to the construction of your own laws—if I be-
! Itoved that he had advised this Congress to
I throw Georgia out of this Union, then I would
| not, fail in my_plaee in this House, in all the
| terms that parliamentary language would allow,
I to denounce the scheme as the most infamous
ever recommended to an American Congress
and unworthy of the American people. I do
not do so, because I believe that the President
; has recommended what he did not intend ; and
i until I know better I will not accuse the Chief
I Magistrate of this Republic of doing what that
; language would indicate he meant to do.
! 1 have thus hastily run over that branch of
this subject, and shown the reasons why I was
in favor of the amendment that I have offered.
But there is another reason, ivhieh 1 think the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
endeavored to cover ovei, and which the House
will fully appreciate, why the Governor of
Georgia should not be allowed to assemble that
Legislature together before the people can know
of the issue ol the proclamation by calling the
Legislature together in one, two, three, or four
days after the issue of the proclamation. I say
it win Jake thirty days at least before the peo-
| pie of that State in all its remote districts can
i see or understand the proclam ition, or the
j members ofthe Legislature from those remote
| parts can have time to repair to the State cap-
! ital.
j This bill gives the Governor power to call
I the Legislature together in one day after the
J issue of the proclamation. He may have as-
' sembled around the city of Atlanta a quorum
! of his own political friends, and may call them
I together the next morning and have them pass
' all the laws he pleases before the remote sec-
| tions of the State would even know that the
: call was made.
I would require the man whom you have
appointed to transact the business of Georgia
to give reasonable notice to the people in all
parts of the State that the Legislature is to be
called together, so that they may come to the
capital and claim their seats in the Legislature,
