1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2o,
. not b*muftak«*. I am Ured, Mr. Presi-
de*!. of (hi* dreary detail of dead Mid defunct
dofMiaa tbe question of lk« rights of man.
In view of the experieaoo of ike last ten years,
in view of  il tb« light which has been sited
upon (bis question by the fitH ol mr and rer-
olHttoo, it seeaas tame that we have had enough
of this sort of thing.
The country expects, the people of the Uni-
ted States eocaoct, as a nataral and logical
wqa«M« to the measures of reconstruction
which ittw keen adoptt>d ia the last five years,
that we tW>! admit to aasaton th istioor this rep-
resentative of that race whose rights have re-
cently bee* g«*eii to them. They do not expect
as to go back a ad reason upon the principles
«f that opinion kaowa asiWe Died Scott decis-
ion. 'fboH moa wbo chafed under it*t the
tints it was uttered am not likely to bear
patiently the actieu of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States ia this year of graoe 187ft, shoald we
attempt to base that action apon its dead
dnjrma.
No, Mr. Presitlent; they expect ui to admit
Mr. bevels to a seat oa this Hoar, not because '
be is die representative of black men, not
beeaaso he is a black man or mulatto, hat
because he is a man and a citizen, having the
name qualifications for bis place which the
law requires of any Senator, and because ho
has been sent hers by the State of Mississippi
as one of her representatives ia this body, and
conies bees bearing ia his band bis commission
ander the broad ssal of that State. They
expect as to admit biaa here in proof that
we arc honest aad consistent in oar political
doctrine, ia proof of our sincerity and good
faith ia the doctrines we have ewanciated; and
years he dob the 'icswd sntsof onr Democratic
friends on the other sideof tbe House will look
baek with wonder that tbmr stood here at this
stage of the rewakiiiioa aad talked about what
the Dred Seott decision meant.
It is tao late to talk aboot the Dred Seott
dentMa. Wbstbseboea so wall said by the
honorable fteaator from Nenia [Mr. Nyk] in
reference to this ss^it be repeated, bat I can-
Mot hope to express it with the tores tbat Sen-
ator has given it; bat ia the great conrt of
errors to whick the appeal bas been takes the
decision has bean reversed, aad do party in this
cosntry, uader any name or organisation, will
«wr be able to revive the dead carcass of that
odious diets m.
M{.1>HAKE. Mr. PresMlent, I do not know
tbat at this stage of this debate time can be
mors appropriately ased than in endeavoring
to bUd ap beiere lbs world the true character
of the tnamph whisb I hope before the son
goes dawa to day wiU base been achieved ia
the presence of the Amerieaa people.
I ma glad, sir, that tbe henorable Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. WiisoH,]in bis great
fismiiianty with tbe events of the last nine
years, bas seen fit in his remarks to the Senate
to group together*, statement of the successive
steps of tbat wonderfol revolution which to-day 1
culminates in tbetriumph of freedom and of
Amerieaa manhood in Lac Senate of the United
States. I wish tbat it shoald be kaown and re-
membered that tbis tnamph baa been achieved
by tbe lisps blicaa party of tbis country, which,
it'ooon to dissolve aad die, as some fondly sup-
pose, bad better diisoive and die in the midst
of the glory of sueb a trismph.
I do not know that I should have said any
thing at all to-day bat for the brief remarks
which fell from the honorable Senator from
California. It may be, Mr. President, that
there are Senators on this floor who would
not be here but for the bayonets of tbis nation.
Bat, sir, for ones, I won Id rather there should
beSeaators brought here throagh the power
of the bsyonet than tbat there should be a
Democratic party in this country whose wain
hope of power in the future is in the shillaly.
[Laughter.]
Sir, there breathes no hope for the Demo- '
cialie party in tbis nation tfau day tat in that >!
I
power to which I have referred, concentrated
ui that American Sodom called New York
city. Strike N ew Vork city oft' the face of the
coniinentto-day and the Democratic party goes
down, "unwept, unhonored,and unsung."
From California, from Texas, from Georgia,
from Maine, from Oregon, from every quarter,
Democratic eyes are turned npon the power
of the shillaly over the elections of New York
city, and why? Beoause, let New York State
outside of that city give whatever majority it
may against the Democratic party, it is only
necessary for them to know what the amount
is snd New York city will overcome it with a
Democratic majority; and, sir, how does it do
it? By the voice of the free, intelligent citi-
zens of America? No, sir, not by that voice,
bat by tbe dominion of the shillaly; and, sir,
1 would rather be under the respectable do-
minion of the bayonet than under the domin-
ion of that instrument. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, were the shillaly in the ascend-
ant to-day yon would not seethatson of Africa
here waitiug to take a seat with us, nor would
yon see his country men in those galleries there
looking on to see this token of the tinal deliver-
ance of their race in this country from the
bra Lai dominion underwhich the shillaly would
bring them. Everywhere over this land you
would still see that race in slavery.
Sir, 1 rejoice in it if the bayonet has saved us
from this fate. The Senator from California
mounts over it. Sir, 1 do not wonder at it, for
if the Congressional Directory be true as to the
nativity of the Senator, he might be expected
to have a native sympathy with the shillaly.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, I would not rote for the
admission of this colored man upon the floor
of this Senate on mere partisan political
grounds. 1 account it a misfortune to the
conntry that the Republican party is as strong
on the floor of this Senate as it is. I wish
that tbe number of the Demooratic Senators
here were more than doubled to-day, and with-
out intending to underestimate their ability, I
wish their ability were more than double, too.
It is of no good to this country to have bo
overpowering a partisan majority m one branch
of the national Legislature. I wish that we
had here a foe numerically more to our hand
to grapple with. Sir, it is not because this
man tbat we expect to admit here is a Repub-
lican, but because he comes with the sign
manual of Almighty God upon him as a man.
Mr. President, I thank God that I am permit-
ted to live to see this day. 1 have gone through
much of this conflict in my own State in the
last nine years, and I have helped somewhat
in that in which the nation has taken a part
against the institution of slavery. I have had
in my life no feeling of manhood such as 1
have in view of this great result. The Con-
stitution of my country is no longer a Con-
stitution to overshadow and protect human
slavery; and I am glad to be able to say that
1 recognize the announcement that was made
here a day or two ago from the other side of the
Chamber, that the Constitution under which
we live this day is very different from the
Constitution of nine years ago.
Sir, it has grown. It bas grown with the
progress of events; it has grown in power, not
mere physical power, not the mere power to
control events and to govern a nation, but in
moral power also before the human race. Ay,
sir, when yon take the thirteenth and four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments in all their
length and breadth and heighth and .depth of
meaning, each of them supplemented with the
declaration '' that Congress shall have power
by appropriate legislation to enforce tbis arti-
cle,' ' anil when in the future the mind of the
nation proceeds to develop out aad the neces-
sities of the nation to cull for the power that
is in these words, then it will be tnat gentle-
men on the other side will find that there is a
Constitution there such as they never dreamed
of; that it has a breadth, an extent of power, ■
a widening out of scope, an accumulation of
efficiont energy that will nil make, in the lnuul.s
of the people of this country, for tho higher
development of this nation and for Us trim
glory among the nations of tho earth. Not
one word written in those throe amendments
ministers, or can be rightly used to minister,
to man's inhumanity to man, or to the greed
of the dominion of caste, or to injustice or
wrong.
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to delay
this great consummation. I have expressed
the feelings that struggled in my heart for
utterance, and I am ready at any moment to
see here the end, the crowning glory of our
efforts.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I was
about to leave the Chamber awhile ago, when
I was arrested by the soft notes of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Duake,] in which 1 thought
I heard my name. I returned to my seat; 1
am rejoiced that I did so; 1 had otherwise
missed an opportunity. 1 have heard the Sen-
ator from Missouri a great many times since I
first had tho pleasure of his acquaintance in
this Chamber. I have heard him make many
speeches that were characteristic. 1 never
heard him make one that was so entirely char-
acteristic as that of which he has this moment
delivered himself. It was a speech that united
the logical analysis of a Marshall with the grace-
ful fancy of a Wirt and the majestic strength
of a Webster. In every respect it was just
such a speech as might be expected from the
Senator from Missouri only in his happiest
moods.
The Senator has had much to say ubout what
he calls " the shillaly" and a little to say of
myself. So far as concerns me or what my
native inclination might be it is not of the
slightest consequence. I had no controversy
with the Senator, and gave him no warrant for
the somewhat personal style of his remarks.
I shall not follow him upon that ground, lie
says he had rather be ruled by the bayonet
than by the shillaly. I would not have him
ruled by either, though he infers that I have
a native partiality for the latter instrument of
dominion.
I am happy to suggest to the Senator one
consideration which ought to relieve him from
the alarms under which he seems to labor
with regard to the instrument which he says
rules the State of New York through the city
of New York, and which it .is well kuown is
applied most effectively to the head. Now,
there are heads so constituted as to be beyond
harm from the weapon so dreaded by the Sen-
ator. Being of the same texture, when they
come together it is a case of like against like.
It majr be, as he says, that I have a " native
Sartiality'1 for the wooden instrument of which
e spoke. But as I listened to the Senator it
occurred to me that he bears about him, for the
reason suggested, a natural immunity against
harm from that instrument. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, is it any answer to what I have said
about eleven States in the thralldom of your
bayonets to allude to the city of New York?
If in the city of New York there be fraud or
violence nt elections, that is one city of one
State. My charge is that ten States were
wrapped in the frauds and violence of recon-
struction as in the coils of a monstrous ana-
conda.
The Senator from M%ssachusetts thought that
perhaps I had better look into my Bible for his
commission as an agent or instrument of Provi-
dence. I have read my Bible through and
through, moreth&nonce, and I hope with fgood
fruit; I should be glad if I could infer trom
the public course of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that he had done the same. I am
afraid that unlike rae he has not read it
through, but lias stopped his reading with the
Old '1 estamcnt.
I heard the explanation of the Senator from
Massachusetts,—that what struck me as his
taunts againe( us for oar numbers was merely
