2508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
only $19,000,000 worth. The home produc-
tions consumed by the people amounted to
$215,000,000. The average rate of duty col-
lected was 48 per cent. The revenue paid to
the Government was only $8,100,000. The
enhanced amount paid to monopolies was
§92,450,000. Three and a half per cent, only
was realized to the Government, while 30 per
cent, was the profit of the monopolies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
, Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, when the gen-
tleman from New York proposes to restore the
revenue laws of 18C1 he should contrive in some
way to restore the situation of affairs which ex-
isted in 1S61. It' we have now a higher tariff
and seek to raise a larger revenue than wo did
in 1801, it is because we have a larger debt and
need to raise more money than we did in 1861.
If the gentleman could show us, as he has
attempted to do without success, that we would
get more revenue under a tariff similar to that
of 1861 than wo get by the present tariff I
would acknowledge the force of his proposi-
tion and would recognize the propriety of the
indignation with which he repudiates, in this
connection, the idea that he is a repudiator.
But the facts are, as theHonse knows very well,
that we have been increasing the revenues of the
Government steadily by higher tariffs. When
gentlemen tells us that if wo reduce the duties
we shall get more revenue 1 ask them to point
to a case in which such has been the effect.
For years past the amount collected upon im-
ports has increased precisely in accordance
with the raising of the duties upon the articles
imported. A duty may be so high as to exclude
importations ; ftnd then, as a matter of course,
there will be a diminution of the revenue. But
until you arrive at that point the higher the duty
the greater will be the revenue produced. This
has been universally the fact in the history of
our country.
Mr. MARSHALL. Let me suggest to the
gentleman that there was under the tariff of
1846 an increase of the revenue over that pro-
duced by the tariff of 1842. I have not the
precise figures before me, but the gentleman
will find that to be the fact.
Mr. BLAIR. Nor have I the figures before
me, and hence I am unable at this moment to
controvert the gentleman's proposition. But
I affirm that the general rule is as I have stated
it, and 1 believe the facts will bear me out in
this position. The committee have been acting
under that supposition and are acting on it con-
stantly. It is true gentlemen may make it, Ihold,
so that it will not be a revenue measure. The
committee have endeavored in all their action
to have these two things in view: first, to get
the greatest revenue, and next to protect the
industry of the country. We know these two
things most go together. Sometimes the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
does not agree with us, as it did not on the sub-
ject of cigars a little while ago. Perhaps the
committee was right and we were wrong. We
thought we should get to a point where we
would get more revenue and afford more pro-
tection. These are principles which I think
are well entitled to our consideration.
Now, I remember the remark of the gentle-
man that we did not get the duties. I have
heard it repeated before that by this system we
cause a large amount to be raised on the price
of the articles, which is to be paid by the peo-
ple, but not into the Treasury. I have thought
I should like t,o illustrate that argument if I
have time enough, and it will take but a mo-
ment. Suppose we have no manufacture of
silk in this country, which is nearly true, and
that we put 50 cents duty on silk for the pur-
pose of revenue alone. Having so placed this
duty, a Frenchman at Lyons, who is manufac-
turing silk, says to his fellows, "'Let us go to
America, where it is good for our business; we
will do better there." In order to escape tho
80 per cent, duty he removes from Lyons,
France, to America. If he does so, should we
permit him to do it? Will it injure the coun-
try? Does ho alter the fact? Will he raise
the price of the article ? Will lie injure in any
manner the people of this country? What
does that. Frenchman do to our injury by sim-
ply removing hero ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASPER. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his amendment so thatl may
renew it.
Mr. WINANS. I will withdraw the amend-
ment if there be no objection.
Mr. CESSNA. I object to any withdrawal,
as I want to vote on this question.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Brooks, of New York, as renewed
by Sir. Fixkelnburg, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to strike out all
after the words •' not otherwise provided for,"
in lino one hundred and twenty-nine, which
is as follows :
If unblcaclied,5ccntspor square yard; if bleached,
& ccnts per square yard, and in addition thereto
10 per ccnt.. ctd valorem; if colored, stained, painted,
or printed, in whole or in part, 5 cents per squaro
yard, and m addition thereto 20 per cent, ad valorem:
Provided, That if thoduties imposed by this soetion
upon tho manufactures of cotton filial! amount to
less than 3o per cont. ad valorem, then tho duty shall
bo assessed at tho rate of 35 per cent, ad valorem.
And in lieu thereof insert " 30 per cent, ad
valorem;'' so the paragraph will then read as
follows:
On all manufactures of cotton, tho quantity or
value of which can bo estimated or based upon
measurement in squaro yards, and not otherwise
provided for, 30 per cont. ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, tho gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Mayxard] undertook to criticise my
position. He said that 1 was in favor of the
tariff of 1842, while I have attempted to prove
that it was a tariff injurious to the country.
That tariff of 1842 imposes a duty of 30 per
cent, on this class of goods. It is now nearer
GO per cent. 1 am willing to return to that,
because it would be a return to what I imagine,
under existing circumstances, will be a better
revenue tariff than the one wc now have, and
it would not be as objectionable to the country
now as then. By so doing we will legislate in
a descending scale toward a revenue tariff.
Although at that time it operated as a highly
protective and almost prohibitory tariff, it
would, in my judgment, be a better tariff to-
day than the one wc now have. But the
gentleman from Tennessee is certainly mis-
taken in regard to the tariff of 1842 and the
judgment of the country upon it. Tho party
which passed that tariff was mo3t assuredly
condemned by tho people for so doing. It
produced a widespread distress throughout the
West. Tho gentleman says 1 have referred to
statements on file in tho Treasury, showing the
condition of the agricultural interest at that
time. In my speech a few days ago I intro-
duced conclusive proof in regard to the disas-
trous effect of that tariff upon the people of
Illinois. 1 will read what is said by a gentle-
man now living in my district, Hon. Braxton
Parrish, a gentleman well known, and who has
filled various important public positions with
honor:
"The profit [on {arming] has not oxceeded 3 per
ccnt. sinco 1842." < '■ -• "ITortheten
yoars preceding wheat ranged from 15 ccnts to SI per"
bushel, corn from 25 to 40 cents. During tho latter
period, in 1844, wheat, 50 ccnts per bushel; 1845, 40
cents. Corn has fallen from 20 to 12jcents per bushel.
Laborers could save for tho ten years preceding 1842
from $70 to £80 per annum; sinco tho latter period
their wages will scarcely sustain them. Witliin tho
periods mentioned labor has fallen from $12 and £15
to $7, and even $5 per month.'' * * ;;
"The protected articles are much higher now, in
general, than in 3842. Tho grower of agricultural
products'has been compelled to live almost entirely
within his own resources. Sugar is extensively dis-
used; so of cotton fabrics other than those manufac-
tured on domestic looms, llome-made woolens are
extensively used as a substitute for cottons. Horses,
cattle, mutes, and live hogs have fallen within the
period mentioned 50 per ccnt."
There is other testimony of that kind, which
I produced the other day, and which I will not
detain the committee by now reading. After
the passage of the tariff of 1846, at the very
next session, the Secretary of tho Treasury in
his report says:
""YVo are beginning to realize tho benefits of the
now tariff. By a freer interchange of commodities
the foreign market is opened to our agricultural
produots, our tonnago and commerce are rapidly
augmenting, our exports enlarged, and the price
enhanced; oxohanges are in our favor, and specie is
flowing within our limits. The country was never
raoro prosperous, and wo havo never enjoyed suoh
largo and profitable markets for all our products."
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the date of that
report?
Mr. MARSHALL. It is the report the Sec-
retary of the Treasury submitted to Congress
at the very next session after the tariff of 1846
went into operation. In the very next session
after it went into effect the Secretary of the
Treasury says: "We are beginning to realize
the benefits of the new tariff;" and he then
states what those effects are.
Mr. MAYNAR0. I tvould ask the gentle-
man whether it is the Secretary's report for
1840, 1847, or 1848?
Mr. MARSHALL. It is the first report
made in 1846-47 after the tariff went into oper-
ation, as is stated in the report itself; the tariff
wont into operation in 1846. Now, sir, it is
well known that under that tariff of 1846 there
never has been a time in the history of this
country when there was such a rapid increase
in wealth. There was prosperity everywhere;
taxes were unfelt; labor was amply rewarded ;
tho farmer received remunerative prices for his
products ; the revenues coming into the Treas-
ury increased; the public debt was liquidated ;
tho effect produced in our own country was
precisely the same as the effect produced in
England under a similar tariff there. In 1842,
when this reform commenced in England, pov-
erty and starvation were widespread all over
the land. A reduction and remission of duties
introduced prosperity, and relieved the people
and the Government of their embarrassment
and distress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, I desire to call
attention to one decisive fact which it seems to
mo refutes all the theories of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] and all the array of
figures he has produced. It is this: during the
last decade, of which we are now approaching
tho termination, a higher tariff has been in oper-
ation than ever before existed in this country.
And during that time, although the manufac-
turing States have grown in population and
wealth with marvelous rapidity, yet the agri-
cultural portions of the country have increased
in wealth and in population to a still greater
and more astonishing extent. So entirely true
is this, Mr. Chairman, that the Representatives
of the agricultural States have here for the first
time in our history claimed that before the
expiration of the ten years the apportionment
of Representatives shall be distributed anew
between them and the manufacturing com-
munities of the East, on the ground that their
increase in number has been so enormous that
the representation in this House, as they allege,
has ceased to be a fair and just distribution of
representation among the people.
Now, sir, why is this ? Tho emigrants from
the Old World are leaving free-trade England ;
and the young men of Massachusetts and of
Pennsylvania, leaving the manufacturing com-
munities under which they have been brought
up, and having the whole world before them
where to choose, go out, and while this high
protective policy is enforced with a rigor never
before known in our history, select agricultural
employments in these western agricultural
States as thebest avenues to comfort, to wealth,
and to prosperity. This is a fact, sir, which
overthrows all the reasoning, all the logic of
the economists and tho figures of Special Reve-
nue Commissioners. The instinct which leads a
m an to select his place for life, where ho shall rear
his children and establish his home, is some-
