1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439?
nenter,Casserly, Chandler, Corbett,Fowler.Gilbert,
Harlan, Howard, Howe. Howell, Johnston. Kellogg,
McCreery, McDonald, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Ross,
Sehurz, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thayer, Thur-
mflt), Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, andYates—31.
NAYiS—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Cole, Davis, Drake, Fenton, Hamilton ofMaryland,
Hamilton of Tex.m, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Scott, Sherman, Sumner, Vickers, and Wil-
liams:—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, CaUel'l,
Conklinp:, Oragin, Edmunds, Ferry. Flanagan, Har-
ris, Lewis, Norton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
Revels, Sawyer, Sponcer, Willey, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TIIAYER. I wish to make a statement
in regard to the vote which has just been taken.
It has just this moment occurred to me that
I was paired on this question with the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson.] I
did not think of it until this very moment, since
the vote was declared. It does not change the
result, and I desire to liave my vote considered
as withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the rule,
the Senator could not add his vote after the
result had been declared ; but the Chair thinks
that by unanimous consent, as it does not affect
the result, his vote may be withdrawn. If
there be no objection it will be withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The statement corrects
it any way.
The next amendment made in Committee
of the Whole was in section one, line twelve,
after the word u limited," to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
And if the number of Representatives of any State
shall be reduccd by such apportionment, such reduc-
tion shall not take effect in the Forty-Second Con-
gress, but such State shall have thesame number of
Representatives in the Forty-Second Congress to
which it is by law entitled in the Forty-First Con-
gress, and any Representative or Representatives
which any State may have in the Forty-Second Con-
gress in excess of the number fixed by such appor-
tionment shall be additional to the number of two
hundred and seventy-five herein limited.
Mr. VICKERS. Is it in order to amend
that amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The
amendment made in Committee of the Whole
was to strike out this clause; but the Senator
can move to perfect the text by amending it
before the question is taken on striking oat.
Mr. VICKERS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, to be inserted in lieu of the matter pro-
posed to be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ The proposed
amendment will be read for information. If
it is to insert matter in lieu of that proposed
to be stricken out it will be in order after the
vote is taken on striking out.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
And if the number of Representatives of any State
shall bo rcduoed by such apportionment, such btale
shall, at its first election hereafter, elect its whole
representation by general ticket, unless by special
session of the Legislature the Stato shall bo redis-
tricted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, striking out the
clause from the bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland now moves an amendment, to insert
, matter in lieu of that just stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are some other
amendments made in committee to be disposed
of. Will not the Senate dispose of them first I
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have pri-
ority. The amendment of the Senator from
Maryland will be reserved until the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole, as
proposed by the Corami'tee on the Judiciary,
shall be acted upon. _
The next amendment made as m Committee
of the Whole was in section one, line twenty-
four, after the word " large," to strike out the
following words:
And all other Representatives for the Forty-
Second Congress shall be chosen m the respective
congressional districts now provided by law m the
several States.
I move to amend that amend-
Mr. DAVtS.
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it to insert
matter in lieu of the matter proposed to be
stricken out?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; to amend the sec-
tion. I wish to add the text of my amendment
to the amendment last proposed, as an amend-
ment to that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it will stand upon the same ground as the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland. It
will be in order, if the Senator insists upon it,
as an amendment to the amendment; but it
will not affect the question of striking out the
matter proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will reserve it for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the words proposed to be stricken
out by the amendment made in Committee of
the Whole will be stricken out. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. THURMAN. Did the Senate concur
in the amendment striking out the words from
the twelfth line down to the twenty-first line?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were
stricken out, and the Senator from Maryland
has a motion pending, but which is reserved,
to insert other matter, which will come upafter
the amendments reported by the committee,
which have precedence, have been acted upon.
The next amendment was to insert in section
two, line one, after the word " that," the word
"immediately;" and also, in the third and
fourth lines, to strike out the words " 15th
day of August" and insert" IstdayofOctober."
Mr. THURMAN. That was the subject I
was speaking on when there seemed to be a
general desire that nothing more should be
said upon it until it came up in its regular
order. I only wish to state a few facts, and
to call the attention of the Senator who has
this bill in charge to them. Of course if the
Senate should pass the bill which has passed
the House of Representatives, providing for all
the congressional elections to take place in
November, there would be no difficulty what-
ever; and perhaps there will be 110 difficulty
if that bill should not pass in respect to the
States whose elections take place on the 11th
day of October; but the difficulty can onlybe
avoided by its being anticipated by the people
what will be their increase in representation.
I have no doubt that that can be done. In fact
I venture to say that if any one will take the
table to which I alluded before, compiled by
the Representative from Wisconsin and pub-
lished some months ago, he will be able to tell
what will be the representation of a State if
the number of the House of Representatives
is fixed at three hundred just as well as be will
after the census shall have been taken. I have
no idea that there will be a difference of a
member between the computation in that table
and the result of the census; for every element,
so far as I can see, that can enter into the con-
sideration of the subject is included in the
compilation of that table. Therefore, it may
be generally assumed that the different parties
in a State may know what will be their increase
in representation, and may nominate their can-
didates, and it may be, too, as I suppose it
will be, that the Secretary of the Interior will
see to it that the Governors of the States are
notified before the 11th of October, and in
time for notice to be given by them to the
people. . .-it
But here is the practical point to which i
wish to call the attention of the Senator from
Illinois. We have in each of these States, I
suppose, a law that requires a proclamation to
be published, notifying the people who are to
be elected. That proclamation in Ohio has to
be published thirty days before the election.
It is a proclamation by the sheriffs of the coun-
ties, respectively, and in it is stated what offices
are to be filled. Obviously, a thirty day proc-
lamation cannot be issued in respect to those
members who are to be elected at large. I
would suggest whether or not there ought not
to be a further provision here, if October is to
be retained, making it the duty of the Gov-
ernor of the State to issue his proclamation to
the people providing for the election of these
members who are to be elected on a ticket at
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see how you
could do that before you knew officially how
many were to be elected.
Mr. MORTON. I think the difficulty sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio, that notice
is to be given by the sheriffs thirty days before
the election of the officers to be elected, is not
a serious one. That is merely directory. If
the sheriffs should omit to doit entirely it would
not affect the right of the people to go on and
elect those officers. That is simply a matter
of precaution prescribed by the law.
But, Mr. President, I do not know how the
people of these States can know with any
degree of certainty until the Secretary of the
Interior has received the returns from the Super-
intendent of the Census and makes his proc-
lamation that the particular State is to have one
or two new members. It will be guess-work.
The matter must remain in doubt, especially
when the character of the fraction will determ-
ine the question. It sometimes may be a
matter of nice calculation; and until the Sec-
retary of the Interior has published his finding
upon the subject the people in these States
cannot know with much certainty what to do.
As a question of practical difficulty, and as
my friend from Ohio understands perfectly
well, the members of Congress at large assume
more importance politically than when nomi-
nated by districts. They would have to be
nominated by a State convention, and that con-
vention would have to be regularly chosen in
some way, or else it would create dissatisfac-
tion and failto secure harmony on either side.
So that, in every point of view, I think it is
important that this time should be fixed alittlo
earlier than the 1st of October. I suggest to
the chairman of the committee that he accept
the 20th of September. That would, I think,
give time enough.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ishould have no objec-
tion to that. It is the duty of the Superintend-
ent of the Census to make this report imme-
diately after the enumeration, and we put in
this time, the 1st of October, so as that he
should know that beyond that time he should
not go. 1 do not know whether he could do it
in ten days after the date fixed for the census
returns to be made 01* not. It is his duty to do
it immediately; and if he does his duty there
is no importance in this question. If the Sen-
ate think proper to change it to the 20th of
September instead of the 1st of October, very
well. I have stated that the furthest time that
the takers of the census have to make returns
in is the 10th of September. If the Senator
from Indiana thinks it would be better, in addi-
tion to requiring this officer to make this report
immediately after the enumeration, that he
shall do it by the 20th of September, I do not
know that 1 have any serious objection to it.
Mr. MORTON. I think it would be safer
for the States that hold elections on the 11th
of October. I suggest that amendment. _
Mr. TRUMBULL. I. am not sufficiently
advised to know whether it will be practicable
for the Superintendent of the Census to do that
or not. lie thought he could do it by the 1st
of October at any rate.
Mr. MORTON. I move the amendment
that I have suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves to amend the amendment by
striking out "1st of October" and inserting
" 20th of September."
The amendment to the amendment was
agThe Amendment, as amended, was con-
The next amendment made in Committee
