1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
and transact the business for which they were
elected. Therefore I say he should not call
them together within less than thirty days of the
date ot the proclamation though he may issue
it the very day the bill is signed by the Pres-
ident, if you please; but my proposition is
called oppressive by the gentlemau from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Bdtlkr. ] 1 hope gentlemen
on the other side will not generally so con-
sider it.
1 think this House ought to adopt every amend-
ment I have proposed. While, as I have said,
I am against this bill and shall vote against it,
I shall vote for each of these amendments ; for
I desire that the bill shall go before the coun-
try from this Congress in a form that will be
les9 objectionable, at least, than it is now.
_ I have thus run over the facts on this subject
imperfectly and hurriedly, it is true. The great
question comes back to us at last, what power,
what right, what authority have we to act in this
matter? We have none, except that of mere
brute force; because when Georgia was recon-
structed «a d her Representatives took their
seats on this floor she was as fully a restored
State in the American Union, even according
to the theory of the dominant party, as is the
State ot New York ; and if you turn her out
now because of something she has done, not
in violation of your laws, for you have never
claimed that, but because she has done some-
thing which you think or profess to think is in
violation of your construction of her own con-
stitution, then you can turn out New York, or
Ohio, or any other State of this Union ; and
the very moment this Congress undertakes to
do that there is an end of Republican liberty
and law ; constitutions are a farce ; a central-
ized despotism is established in Washington
over every man in this country, over every
State in this Union ; property, liberty, and life
are held at the mere sovereign will of this
Congress. I think that this House will hesi-
tate long before it will take such a step as that.
Why, sir, if this is done with Georgia who
comes next? Tennessee perhaps will receive
her orders first: Kentucky, Indiana, Maryland,
perhaps Pennsylvania, will follow. State after
State will fall whenever they fail to obey the
behests of the dominant majority here.
But it is avowed that tins fifteenth amend-
ment easmot be adopted unless Georgia votes
for it. That has been avowed in the Senate,
as it was avowed by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in the argument which he made last
spring with regard to Mississippi. His lan-
guage was this:
'■-Now, if you do not reconstruct Mississippi and ;
Ueorgin,, it you do not got loyal Legislatures there, !
you L-annor p.t-s tlio fifteenth amendment of the
Constitution. You lose it: and with it youloso half \
iidozen northern States. Every man on tile opposite !
sute knows that rt^ht well, and laughs in his sleeve I
at those men whom they have wrung in to do their !
work for them. Every man of them knows right !
well what ue is about, I know them of old; t used !
to be with them.'' I
It ban also been avowed in the Senate of the 1
United States that such was the object. I tell
this House, and time will verity the statement
I am about to make, that the States of the
Union never will admit that a constitutional
amendment adopted by force, as this avowedly
will be if adopted by this Legislature of Geor-
gia under the order of Congress, is to be re-
garded as valid by them. You might just as
Well ratify that fifteenth amendment for Geor-
gia in this Haii as to order her to do it or say
that she shall be held by the throat until she
does do it. Congress has a right to propose
constitutional amendments ; this is all it has
the right to do with reference to such amend-
ments. Ihe States of the Union through their
•State; Legislatures must decide without fore?,
without fraud, withoutcoercion, without duress,
whether they will ratify or reject such proposed
amendments. And does any man in this House
pretend that the Legislature of Georgia 'under
a hill like this is Iree to ratify or reject so that.
her action shall bind the State of New York,
oi Ohio, or Pennsylvania ?
The President of the United States under
the Constitution has a right to recommend to
Congress the passage of such measures as he
may deem expedient. He frequently does so ;
he has done so in his late annual message.
But after such recommendations are made
Congress determines whether it will adopt them
or not as it pleases. Suppose, sir, for the
sake of illustration, that he had sent us a rec-
ommendation that we should pass a bill giving
him an annual salary of $100,000, and that his
chief of staff or Secretary had come to the
door of the House and said, "Gentlemen, I am
instructed by the President to say to you that he
has thrown a regiment of soldiers around this
House, and while you have a right to pass this
bill or not just as you please, you shall never
leave this Hail, you shall neither eat nor
drink, until this bill is passed." Suppose
under that species of coercion this House had
passed a bill granting him $100,000 salary,
what would it have been worth: would any
man in this House have regarded it as binding
any longer than till the duress was removed?
Of course not. Yet wherein does that differ
from the proposition now made with regard to
Georgia? You propose to say that unless
Georgia shall ratify this amendment she shall
not have a single right in this Union; that
she shall not have representation on this floor;
that she shall be taxed; she shall be plun-
dered ; the writ of habeas corpus shall be sus-
pended ; her people shall not be entitled to
trial by jury in the civil courts of the country.
Is not that force and coercion equally great as
it would be for the President of the United
States to throwan armed force round this Hall
and starve this House into submission to anv
order he might give? I believe—indeed I
hope—thatthe greatStates of New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Ohio, the great central belt upon
which we must rely because of their power and
their position, will, if this amendment is forced,
upon them in this way by coercion and duress
upon the States of the South, refuse to change
their State constitutions in obedience to this
mandate from this Congress, and that they will
appeal to the courts of the country to sustain
them in saying that it never did receive the
sanction of three fourths of the State Legisla-
tures. I believe there is not a court in the
country that will not sustain them in that
position.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. WINANS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for ten minutes.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 yield to the gentle-
man with the understanding that it is not to
be taken out of my time.
Mr. WINANS. Mr. Speaker, I desire only
and briefly to state the views which will influ-
ence my own vote upon this bill.
The actual condition of Georgia is anom-
alous and peculiar; and whether as a State
she is in or out of the Union is matter of grave
debate and of doubt in the minds of wise and
J distinguished men in both branches of the
« national Legislature and throughout the coun-
j try. That portion of territory known as the
l State of Georgia is, and ever since the political
| union of the States in this country has been,
an integral part of the United States, subject
to the constitutional legislation of Congress
and could not be taken out of or withdrawn
from that character and jurisdiction except by
successful revolution. But with regard to the
people of Georgia as apolitical community, and
who alone,_ in political organization for the
purposes of this bill may properly be called a
State, there may be some reason for the doubts
which exist whether they be a State in or out
of the Union.
Under the reconstruction acts the people of
Georgia adopted a constitution, elected a Legis-
lature under it, and elected Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, and ratified the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States. Congress approved the
constitution, and in the Fortieth Congress the
Representatives of Georgia were admitted to
their seats. But the Senators from that State
have not been admitted ; and the Representa-
tives elected to the Forty-First Congress are
notintheir seats. TheLegislatureof Georgia,
consisting in part of persons claimed to be
ineligible under the constitation, have expelled
others claimed'to be eligible by its provisions.
And now this bill is offered, and proposes to
call together the Legislature, including the ex-
pelled members, purgeitof ineligible elements,
and impose further conditions of restoration.
If the Representatives elected from Georgia
to the Forty-First Congress were admitted to
the floor of this House there might be seeming
stultification of the House in passing this bill,
which proceeds in part or apparently upon
the assumption that Georgia is not fully recon-
structed and is not a State in the Union ; but
no such conclusion flows from the fact that her
Representatives were admitted by the Fortieth
Congress, inasmuch as each succeeding Con-
gress, in both Houses, are the judges of the
qualifications of their own members and are
not bound nor trammeled by the acts of their
predecessors. I say seeming stultification, be-
cause even if the Representatives of Georgia
were now members of the House reconstruc-
tion is not completed and thfe State is not fully
admitted till it is represented in both branches
of Congress.
If Georgia is not fully reconstructed and
admitted, then all parties are estopped to deny
the power of Congress to enact supplemental
laws to bring her in ; because at the last ses-
sion such laws were passed without distinction
of party with reference to Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas; and it does not lie in the mouths
of any who voted to require these States to
ratify the fifteenth amendment to object that
this bill requires Georgia to ratify it also.
But has Congress power to convene the Legis-
lature of Georgia, and to determine who com-
pose it ? The constitution of Georgia provides
that—
"Each house (of the Legislature) shall be the judge
ot the election returns and qualifications of its mem-
bers, and shall have power to punish them for dis-
orderly behavior or misconduct by censure, fine
imprisonment, or expulsion."
And assuming Georgia to be a State in the
Union, and, perhaps, whether in the Union or
not, each house in the Legislature under this
provision is the exclusive judge of the qualifi-
cation of its own members; and it follows
that though the colored members may have been
expelled in manifest violation of the constitu-
tion the supreme court of Georgia had no
jurisdiction to revise or reverse the action of
the Legislature, and that any decision which
it may have made upon the subject is coram
nonjudice and void. Thequestiou must there-
fore he determined without reference to any
supposed decision of the supreme court of the
State of Georgia. Congress has approved the
constitution of the State, and it has been fully
admitted or readmitted, except only that its
senators have pot been received nor its Repre-
sentatives admitted to the preseht House. Still,
while the State is not represented in the two
Mouses of Congress, whatever forms of legis-
latien may declare to the contrary, the State is
not actually the Union ; and if Congress may
prescribe one condition of admission thev may
prescribe any, and may amend and supplement
But' it°mPtr,eSCnr 1",g c?nditions of admission.
:t natters little, m my opinion, for the
m o?°ont of'\hS iT.stio"> whetll« tiie State is
Georgia -in fhe co"st«ution of
condition JfT6'^ y .C°nSress> was one of the
conditions of her admission, and Georgia can-
condition of 1 ^ c?n®truclion to violate the
grant v vltrler ad" M10n by °Pe ly and fla-
constitJ o!, a a? '™mPU"g her own
men?of fW,' • ?d Wh,leno ^dinate depart-
Sen of haS porr to revis<s «-he judg-
Ihl t"oho.us«a of the Legislature touch-
ng the qualifications of members, nor to ex-
pound or interpret the constitution with refo-
