1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2509
thing that will notbe misled by any mere theory
of political economy. This one consideration
shows that a tariff which promotes manufac-
tures in the East encourages and promotes in
a still greater degree the agricultural wealth
and prosperity of the West.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate on the pend-
ing amendment is exhausted.
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it for the purpose
of saying a few words.
Mr. CESSNA. I must object to the with-
drawal of any amendment for the mere purpose
of debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move to amend
the amendment by striking out "1861" and
inserting "1802." Mr. Chairman, I am very
much disappointed at the course this debate
has taken. 1 thought so much oppoxtunity was
given to blow off steam in the general debate
that preceded the live minutes' discussion on
the several clauses of the bill that we should
not go into the whole theory of free trade and
of protection again.
Now, I must recall the Committee of the
Whole, if I can, to the question which is act-
ually before it. It is that paragraph which re-
lates to cotton cloths, all goods manufactured
of cotton which are capable of being measured
lay the square yard. The Committee of Ways
and Means propose to classify them, first, into
three divisions, and then, if the duty imposed
upon either of those divisions or upon any-
thing coming in under one of those divisions
shall amount to less than 35 per cent, ad va-
lorem, the duty is to be assessed at the rate of
30 per cent, ad valorem. Do gentlemen take
up the paragraph and object to its provisions!
I)o they object to the provision that if cotton
goods are unbleached they shall pay 5 cents a
square yard? Do they object to the provis-
ion that if bleached they shall pay 5 cents a
square yard and in addition 10 per cent, ad
valorem* Do they object to the provision that
if colored, stained, painted, or printed they
j-hall pay 5 cents per square yard and in addi-
tion 20 per cent, ad valorem ? Not at all; not
at all. They go into a general tirade against
the bill, and my colleague [Mr. Wixans] raises
the eong again that we have been increasing
the tariif as it now exists, and he is therelorc
opposed to our bill. It does not increase the
tariff. That is the only reply I have to make
to that, and I defy the gentleman to lay his
linger on t.he provisions contained in the pres-
ent tariff in relationlo these cotton cloths and
then compare them with what this bill pro-
poses on those articles, without showing that in
the general aggregate the tariff on cotton cloths
is decreased.
Mr. WINANS. Will my colleague allow
me a word?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; I will not yield.
When I wanted to correct my colleague on a
question of fact h.e would not allow me to do
so : and therefore, with theutmostgood nature,
I decline to yield, as he did.
I spoke of a proposed reduction of these
duties as having the effect of repudiation. Let
me set myself right on that subject. When my
colleague proposed to go back to the tariff on
cotton cloths of 1861, why did not he propose
to wipe out the debt we have to-day and go
back to the debt of 1801, and then the revenue
might lit the debt? But he did not propose
anything of the kind. I said that such propo-
sitions were in the nature of repudiation, and
I repeat it. It was furthest from my thoughts to
charge the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] with intentional repudiation, i know
how he stood by me, and stood, as I think, by the
best interests of the country in supporting the
lull to strengthen the public credit. He is very
far, therefore, from being a repudiation^.
But I am sorry to hear him say now, because
he was a little nettled by and took offense at the
charge of repudiation, that it the bill were up
again lie would vote against it, and that he
never will follow my lead agaia.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I did not say
that.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iam glad he followed my
lead then, and I hope when lie shall have
reflected a little lie will follow it yet in many
other tilings. If I were in favor of a bill to
strengthen the public credit, I would not care
who said saucy things to me, I would hold to
my principles.
Now, to come back to this proposition. I
repeat what I said, though meaning no offense
to individuals by it, that to propose to go back,
not to the present tariff, which we are seeking
to lower a little, but the tariff of 1801, the an to-
war tariff, when we have a debt to provide for
that we did not have then, is virtually repudi-
ation ; and unless my colleague, when ho goes
back to the resources of 1801, can carry us
back to what was the debt in 1801, he cannot
avoid that being chargcd upon him as the effect
of such legislation. I had hoped that when we
reached this point some gentleman would pro-
pose his own schedule ; but as the only thing
proposed is a restoration of the law of 1801,
I would advise gentlemen to turn to the par-
ticular provisions of that law, the particular
classifications in that law, and show wherein
they are superior to this. It is easy to make
general charges, but not so easy to sustain
them. There was my friend from New York,
[Mr. Cox,] my ancient colleague from Ohio,
now from the great city of New York. Tie
stood here with this formidable free-trade
document, arranged with great marks of ex-
clamation, to show what enormous profits they
were making. But where did he select his
figures from ? From worsted and woolen goods;
and he makes a speech against a provision in
relation to cotton cloths by quoting figures in
relation to woolen goods, or goods part wool
and part cotton.
Mr. COX. I stated what the figures were on.
Mr. SCHENCK. Jn the way of replying to
this he abuses something else, as if 1 should
say to a man, "You are a rascal," and he
should reply to me, " Your sister is no better
than she should be." [Laughter.] Now, this
is a provision in relation to cotton cloths, and
the gentleman goes off about worsted and
woolen goods.
Mr. COX. I had no figures from the com-
mittee or anywhere else about the duty on
these articles reduced to an ad valorem stand-
ard, and I took the first articles I could find so
reduced, which were "worsted and cotton
goods," and having the ad valorem statement
on them I gave them. T did not misrepresent
them, for L took the geutiemams own figures;
therefore 1 did not mislead anybody.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WLLSON, of Minnesota. I desire to
say, Mr. Chairman 
Mr. WINANS. Will the gentleman from
Minnesota yield to me for one minute?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. If I can get
the floor again 1 will.
Mr. WINANS. I want to say one word in
reply to my colleague, [Mr. Sciiexck.]
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Do not take
much lime, then, for I am afraid I will never
get the floor again. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINANS. My colleague [Mr. Sohexck]
asserts that the present bill provides for a re-
duction of the duty upon cotton. My inform-
ation through the medium of experts is different.
But conceding that this bill reduces the tariff
upon cotton—and it is therefore that he urges
it—it must be because by a reduction of the
tariff as proposed he expects to raise more
revenue. But, as he has frequently said upon
this floor, it is not from high duties that the
most revenue is obtained. Therefore, upon
the same principle, if you reduce the tariif, as
I propose, to the tariff of IStil, yon will have
more importations, raise more revenue, be able
to pay more of the debt, and at the same time
relieve the people from the burden of paying
taxes on domestic goods which do not help to
pay the debt.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I rise to op-
pose the pending amendment, and particularly
to reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] who has under-
taken to proclaim to this Committee of the
Whole that the agricultural districts have been
increasing more rapidly in population and
wealth than the manufacturing districts. Now,
that may bo the case in regard to population,
but it is not so in regard to wealth. In that
respect the inverse ratio is the correct one.
Not only have the manufacturing districts in-
creased in wealth, but many of them have also
increased in population, and that has been
because of these high duties. Gentlemen may
talk to us about the prosperity of the country
under a high tariff, and about its affording
inducements for men to go out West with their
families; but that is all nonsense.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. A question;
yes.
Mr. IIOAR. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to state whether he thinks the people
of this country, particularly the Yankee portion
of our people, are such fools as to emigrate
from the richer and more prosperous neigh-
borhoods to neighborhoods that, are poorer and
not so prosperous ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Our immigra-
tion does not come from Yankee land to any
great extent, but mostly from abroad. Immi-
grants come here from abroad because we have
a free homestead law and arebuilding railroads
throughout the West, thus affording them cheap
transportation ; a course of development which
is now retarded by your iron policy. You need
not tell us that because you have made the cost
of living higher therefore more immigrants
will come to us from foreign lands. It is to
other causes that that immigration is attributa-
ble, and not to your tariff. You have not raised
the price of our grain, and in that way aided
immigration. You have not aided us in any
one particular, while you have injured us in
many particulars.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
leyJ seems in another respect to be arguing in
a circle. He first tells us that we should become
independent, and one gentleman tells me in
private that he would have a sea of fire between
us and all other countries; that we should liave
no imports; that thereby we would save all the
money we are paying to foreign countries. Yet
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as an argu-
ment in favor of a protective tariff, attempts
fo show us that imports have increased under
these high tariff duties. It is a fact that im-
ports have increased, but at the same time our
exports have decreased; so that this tariff pol-
icy has not really retained money in the coun-
try, but has had a tendency to carry it out. It
lias prevented us from keeping up in many re-
spects the balance of trade, which, under a fair
system, we might have maintained.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the amend-
ment is exhausted.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Marshall, to amend the paragraph so as
to read, as follows :
On all manufactures of cotton, tho quantity or value
of which can bo estimated or based upon measure-
ment in square yards, and not otherwise provided
for, 30 percent, ad valorem.
The question being taken on the amendment,
il thprewere—ayes 33. noes 00; no quorum voting.
I! The CHAIRMAN, under the rules, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Marshall and Mr.
Mayxaro. ,,
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 3i, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by strik-
ioc out in line one hundred and thirty*one the
words '; and in addition thereto 10 per cent
ad valoremso that the clause will jead, it
bleached, 5 cents per square yard.' bo tar
