552
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Kerr.
41sx Cong....2d Sess.
It is therefore as unjust to charge them to the
Democratic party aa it would be for us to charge
them to the Bepublican party. They are out-
laws, and are for no party.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that in the other
parishes they were prevented from voting by
intimidation, from what transpired in St. Lan-
dry and St. .Mary. Yet in the parish of St.
Mary, in the face of all that has been said,
there were cast for Mr. Bailey at that election
1.804 votes, and for Mr. Darrall 1,132 votes.
At that same time there were cast in the parish
of Vermilion no votes for Mr. Darrall, but all
were cast for Judge Bailey. In the parishes
of Vermilion and La Fayette there was no vio-
lence on the day of the election, or before,
except in the parish of La Fayette. Some time
before the election some person or persons,
for causes known by no human being that we
know of, went to a house kept by a negro man
and woman, and murdered them. Whether the
murderers were black or white, belonged to
one party or the other, the evidence wholly
fails to show. That they had any connection
with subsequent events is nowhere shown by
the testimony.
But it is claimed that we shall reject certain
parishes because no Itepublican votes in those
parishes were cast, upon the pretense there
existed Republican majorities in those par-
ishes, the claim being boldly and baldly made
here that every negro in Louisiana belonged to
the Republican party; that they owned him,
that lie is their political slave, that he must
cast his vote for the Republican candidate,
and if ho dares to cast his vote for any other
candidate it shall be laken as prima facie evi-
dence that he cast that volo under intimida-
tion, or as the result of bribery, or some other
unlawful interference. Now, the absurdity of
a claim like that ought not to need discussion.
It is unworthy of discussion. In that election
the suffrages of colored man wore cultivated
in every lawful manner and as kindly as the
suffrages of any oilier men wore cultivated by
the Democratic party.
They were assembled in clubs and barbecues
and public meotiugs. They were addressed
by colored and white men from the same stands.
They were fed by white men from tables fur-
nished by them at their own expense. Their
suffrages were sought to bo controlled by legal
and moral means, not by force, or threats, or
intimidation, or by protection papers, or any-
thing of that kind, so far as the action of the
party generally was concerned. That there
were men in those parishes who did seek to
control individual votes or individual colored
men by improper means I cannot question.
Such things are done always in all districts
throughout the entire country. Jfc is no new
thing for suffrages to be controlled in that way.
It is no new tiling for men, previous to elections,
and during the conduct of political campaigns,
to be killed. Jt is no new thing for murders
to disgrace the conduct of political campaigns.
Those things, with the exception of that riot
in St, Landry, which occurred in this particu-
lar district, were no more numerous, and of
no more heinous or outrageous character, than
in many districts in the northern States in times
ot profound peace, where reconstruction never
cursed, corrupted, or debauched society.
And here let trie call attention to a strange
inconsistency in the grounds taken at different
times by my colleague, [Air. Stevensos.] In
his general report on the Louisiana cases, sub-
mitted March 10, 1870, he uses the following
language:
"Tiiero being some general facts anil principles
which apply to all of the contested eases trom the
State of Louisiana, it is thought expedient and
proper to prevent them briefly, as introductory to
the separate rem rts of the seveial oa^es."
And further ao says :
"The sight and tidings of thc^e things Llvuklux
and their mysterious marchings, <fcc.J produced such
a condition of excitement and apprehension among
Republicans of all classes in the disordered regions
as caused them generally to avoid the polls and shim
publicity on the day of the election."
Now it is in evidence, and nowhere denied,
but, on the contrary, distinctly admitted by
my colleague in his report in this case, being
report No. C3, House of Representatives, page
2, that of the 28,486 registered electors in the
entire district 20,108 did actually vote ; that
is, thirteen out of every fourteen. How do
these figures tally with the theory that the
Republicans "'shunned the polls," "avoided
publicity," &c? They fitly indicate the worth-
less character of such assumptions. The truth
is, that it is not unfrequently the case that no
greater proportion of the votes is cast in dis-
tricts in the most peaceful and orderly sections
of the Union. The large vote east in this dis-
trict really evidences peaceful and voluntary
conduct on the part of the electors.
Besides, at the election in April, 18G8, to
choose every officer in the State, whether State,
district, parochial,or municipal, when the Dem-
ocratic party had no regular organization or
general ticket, it 13 a remarkable and signiU-
cant fact that in the parishes of La Fayette, Ver-
milion, and St. Landry, every local office was
carried by a Democrat, except one justice of
the peace in the town of Vermilionville. But
preparatory to the November election, 1808,
when only members of Congress and presiden-
tial electors were chosen, the Democratic party
effected a most complete,compact,and thorough
organization throughout the State ; and, as I
have already stated, spared no efforts of ordin-
ary and lawful political action to secure tho
victory. Vast numbers of eolorcd men, con-
vinced by the arguments of Democratic speak-
ers and disgusted by the broken faith of their
Kepublican leaders, considered it theirduty to
vote for Democrats. The result of the elec-
tion is therefore not surprising or suspicious,
but most natural and reasonable, arm in my
solemn judgment, substantially just, honor-
able, and voluntary, dudge Bailey and his
friends canvassed every section and subdivis-
ion of his district. But it is believed that Mr.
Darrall was never in any one of the disputed
parishes except St. Mary. He had therefore
no rational ground to expect many votes there,
aud appears to have done so only on the as-
sumption that the votes of all colored electors
are the property of Republican candidates, and
cannot be lawfully cast by the colored men for
any others. This is the chief basis of his claim,
and of the claims of all the licpublican con-
gressional candidates in that State, and, in my
judgment, it is discreditable to them, aud
ought to bo considered by this House offensive
to its intelligence and judicial character.
filere the hammer fell.J
in verification of what I have said I will
add^ in au appendix some extracts from the
testimony.
APPENDIX.
TESTIMONY.
Pctrhh of St. Mary.
" W. F. Hudson sworn:
H X was born in the parish of St. Mary, now Iberia,
and have lived there ever since. I was m the parish
at the timo of the lato election.
"Question. How was tho election conductcd?
"Ansioer. Very quietly.
"Question. id you hear of any threats of intim-
idation or violence used to control any votes ?
I'ylnsmcr. No, sir.
"Question. What was the condition of the parish
previous to the election, its a genoral thins?
"Answer* There was some excitement; otherwise
it was quiet.
"Question. With the exception of the assassination
of Pope and Ohaso did you faenr of any outrages
beiivs committed iu tho parish of St Mary ?
"Answer. No. sir; not that I ever heard of.
"Question. Do you know whether there is such an
organization in the parish of St. Mary as the Kukiux V
"J newer. No, sir.
"(Question. Do you believe there is such an organ-
ization in tho parish?
"Answer. No, sir; I do not believe there is.
" Question. Did you ever hear of tho existence
of the order known as the Knights of th© White
Camelia?
" Answer. Yes, sir; I belong to it.
" Question. What was tho object and character of
that organization as a general thing; had it any
object in view which would interfere with a legal or
just election ?
" Awswer. No, sir.
"Question. Was the object of that organization ta
deprive the colored men ot any of the rights giver,
them by law, political or civil?
".Answer* No. sir.
" Question. Were there immediately preceding the
November election large Radical processions in the
parish of St. Mary?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Were they ever disturbed?
" Answer. Not to my knowledge.
" Question. Were these Radical processions armed?
"Answer. I saw a few, I think, pasding armed. I
never went to their meetings.
" Question. What was the character of the Repub-
lican speeches made?
"Answer, X never heard one.
" Question* Were they repoited to be of an inflam-
matory character?
"Answer. I heard so."
"Armsboad Osborne, (colored:)
"t hvo in tho parish of St. Mary; I have lived
there thirteen years. I was born in Petersburg, Vir-
ginia: I was born a slave, and was made free by the
war. I followed the business of coonering down.therei
I coopered for my owner, Mr. Whitwortb. I now
have a shop of ray own. I joined the Democratic
party boforo the last November election.
" Question. Did you join voluntarily orwero you
forced to it?
"Answer. I was not forced to it. I put my name
down on tho ticket, aud went to one or two barbe-
cues. I voted tho Dcmocratiu ticket. I was not
forced to do it. 1 belonged to the Kadical party in
1803: but I left and joined the Democratic party*
" Qucetivii. State your reasonsfor joining the Dcm*
ocratic party.
"Answer. I was living in the parish, and wanted
to stay there, and I thought it best for me to join tho
Democratic party.and havo friends thoro rather than
have enemies. No person of either party has over
disturbed me before the war or since. I have felt
on ono occasion some apprehension from the Radi-
cal* because I belonged to the Democratic party,
and I felt a little uneasy about it.
"Question. How were colored men generally treated
by the Republicans who joined tho Democratic party V
"Answer. X did not ace any difference; they are all
treated alike, i do not sec any distinction made
between tho two parties.
*'Question. Do you know whether any violence was
used on the day of election, or immediately preceding
tho election, to control the votes of eolorcd men one
way or other?
''./tawer. None that I kuow of.
''Question. Was there a large Kepublican vote cash
ia the parish of St. Mary at tho last election ?
"Answer, I know that tho Democrats were beaten
at one poll.
Queitiod. Did you ever hear colored Republicans
pay uwt they hau been kept from the polls through
fear ?
" ytiisuvr. No, idr; ( did not.'' • * * '2
"Question. How did tho Democrats treat tho col-
ored people ;it their meetings'.''
"Answer. Very v. eli; while nrul black woro treated
alike.
"Quention. Did they eat at the same tables?
4'yi??s? c>\ There wero no tabicj. Once wo went
out aud stopped and got something to eat under the
trees ; it was a sort of picnic. I believe that X was
ono of the iirstto get something to eat from the firo ?
"Question. There was no distinction on account of
color in dividing the food ?
No, sir.
Did the while and colored speakers
speak from the same stand at those meetings?
"Answer, Yes, sir." *
"Question. Wer«you nt any Democratic meetings
before the murder of Colonel Pope?
"Answer. i was,
"Question. How many colored Democrats did you
see at them?
"Answer. I suppose there were four or five hun-
dred in Iberia; tbat is. in the parish of St. Mary
parish. I think I saw that runny in Xberia. That
was before tho murderof Colonel Pone. New Ibeiia
is about two and a half miles from the parish line.
"Question. Was not this meeting a gathering from
two or more parishes?
"Answer. Not that I know of. It was all from £l,
Mary parish. X did not know there were so many
colored Democrats until X went,there. X do not know
who the speakers were. They were strangers to me.
X went about thirty-two miles to attend that moor-
ing. ^ihero was not any barbecue thoro. We just
mnrcned up and met the procession coining down
near Xberia, __That was the St. Martin's procession,
lhere were about three or four or five hundred with
us wueu we met that procession. They wore bolu
blactc and white, but I do not recollect how many
blacks wo had. X do not know whether we had the
legular union flag. I just went there to look at the
procession. X believe I was the onlv colored man
there from our little village.
"Question. Do you know the principles of the Dem-
ocratic party ?
