1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Ur. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania a question, whether
he is aware what persons were the first two
Senators from the State of Texas?
Mr. SCOTT. I am; I am aware that Gen-
eral Houston and Mr. Busk were the first two
Senators from the State of Texas.
Mr. BAYARD. Is the Senator also aware
that the; were citizens of the State of Tennes-
see, and had been for more than nine years?
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator answer me
whether both of them, having accepted offices
under the independent republic of Texas, they
could still retain their character as citizens of
the United States while they were citizens of
the republic of Texas?
Mr. BAYARD. I would remark to the hon-
orable Senator that the language of the Con-
stitution does not require either a residence of
niue consecutive years or any nine years, but
simply the fact of citizenship for the term of
nine years; and therefore I ask whether or not
that citizenship of those gentlemen was not
within the letter of the Constitution?
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir; there is no refuge
for the geutleman to get clear of this position
with regard to the two Senators from t lie State
of Texas, unless he goes back with his party
and nestles himself upon the old British doc-
trine of perpetual allegiance, that these men
never could throw off their allegiance. They
were citizens of the United States; they went
from Tennessee; they became citizens of the
republic of Texas; they both became officers
in the republic of Texas, thus renouncing
their allegiance as far as acts and declaration
or the acceptance of office could renounce it;
and after that time, Texas being admitted as
a State of this Union, admitted by treaty, they
were received here as her Senators, although
the day before the State of Texas was admitted
they were not citizens of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. Texas was admitted by
joint resolution, not by treaty.
Mr. BAYARD. I would ask the honorable
Senator, who has talked about Senators nest-
ling back upon some old original party not
their own, how long since he was a member of
the Democratic party which he so slanders by
terming it a party in any way connected with
that doctrine of Great Britain?
Mr. SCOTT. I will answer the gentleman.
I was a member of the Democratic party until
the time that that party rebelled against this
Government. From that day forth I knew no
party in this country but that which followed
the flag; and, sir, I have never seen any reason
to regret turning my back upon that party, for
their conduct in this Chamber, and from that
day down to thia, has satisfied me, and not
only me but the country, that they have got so
Used to this doctrine of rebellion since they
became affiliated with it that they are here to-
day rebelling against the decrees of Providence
themselves. [Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order! Order 1
Mr. SCOTT. I have said all 1 intended to
say, Mr. President, upon this question.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator,
before he sits down, allow a moment to explain
a point, ?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The" admission of Senators
Rusk and Houston from Texashasbeen spoken
of in the course of this colloquy between the
two Senators. It was my fortune to be here
when that transaction took place; I was a
member of the other House at the lime. They
were admitted upon the ground that the treaty
of annexation made them citizens of the United
Srules; that one citizen of the United States
could not have rights and privileges which did
not appertain to all other citizens, and that
consequently the treaty-making power con-
trolled the case and overruled the provision
ofthe Constitution which required them to be
nine years citizens of the United States, and
gave them an equal privilege to be elected to
the Senate or to be elected to any other office
under the Government that any other citizens
would have. It was upon that reason that they
were admitted.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 am obliged to the Senator
from Kentucky for stating to us that it was
admitted that they became citizens of the United
States by virtue only of the treaty as he terms
it, although I believe he is mistaken in that,
by which Texas was admitted. I myself used
the term "treaty" before; but I believe Texas
was admitted by virtue of a joint resolution of
the two Houses of Congress. There was no
treaty ; but the Senator agrees that it was by
virtue of the resolution which brought Texas
into the Union that they became citizens of the
United States, thus virtually agreeing that in
that case those gentlemen were admitted as
Senators of the United States, although their
citizenship of the United States did not date ;
back nine years. That was the poiut I was
making. i
Mr. DAVIS. The joint resolution was ad-
mitted to be equivalent to a treaty, in the nature
of a treaty.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well, sir; that was the
point I was making. I say the clause of the
(Constitution applies only to foreigners who have
'been naturalized under the terms of the Con-
stitution. The whole history of the clause—
I have the history here, as I have said, but I
have not undertaken to read it—the discussion
when it was under debate in the Convention
' \which formed the Constitution, shows that the
purpose was to guard against the danger of
[permitting foreigners to come into our councils
(before they had been here long enough to make
|them really Americaus. That is the reason,
las I have said, and the spirit of the lawj The
r55son ceasing the law ceases. Here is a native-
born citizen of the United States presenting
himself, " native and to the manner born," not
a foreigner; no naturalization papers are ne-
cessary for him, and the fundamental law of the
land declares this man to be a citizen of the
United States, and always to have been a citi-
zen of the United States, for that is the mean-
ing of that fundamental declaration. And yet
this rule is invoked for the purpose of exclud-
ing him from a seat in this Senate, a seat which
(if we could permit such conditions to enter
into our judgment) he ought to be permitted to
occupy, simply upon the ground of illustrating
by a most noted example—one of the most
noted that will ever occur in the history of the
world—the assurance of that retributive jus-
tice which a just God brings around in the
administration of human events.
Mr. STEWART. I did not intend to make
a remark ; but I must say that this discussion
has gone on a basis that is wholly unneces-
sary. I believe the whole matter is determined
by the fourteenth amendment, and I wish to
call the especial attention of the Senate to it.
Under the Constitution as it Btood at the time
it was first adopted it was contended that there
was a class of persons who were not citizens,
that slaves were not citizens; they were spoken
of as "persons," not citizens. These were
matters of definition. There were certain per-
sons who were not defined to be citizens. In
1866 Congress made an addition to that Con-
stitution which declared who were citizens:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
State?, and suhjeet to the jurisdiction thereof, aro
citizens of the United States, and of tho State wherein
they reside."
Then the Constitution as it now stands reads,
" All persons born in the United States" " aro
citizens." Then there is another clause declar-
ing that as a qualification for Senator a man
Bhall have been nine years a citizen. Now, I
undertake to say that this relates back to birth,
and gives them all the privileges of citizens.
They are citizens, and they are declared to have
all the privileges of other citizens born in the
country. All clauses ofthe Constitution stand
together and must be construed together. The
question is, has this man been born in the Uni-
ted States; is he thirty years old ? Taking the
whole Constitution together, who, reading this
Constitution as it now stands to-day, without
dragging history in, would doubt that a man
born in the United States and who had always
lived in the United States, whether he had been
a slave or not, would be eligible to a seat here
if he had the other qualifications prescribed?
1 make these remarks now because we may
have some person coming hereafter who was a
slave before the nine years are up. I under-
take to say the declaration goes back to the
time of his birth. He is a citizen by the Con-
stitution from his birth, taking the whole
Constitution together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey,
that the credentials be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with instructions.
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. STOCKTON rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. STOCKTON. If there is no one else
who desires to make a stump speech I would
like to recall the minds of Senators to the propo-
sition I have submitted, and 1 ask that it be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from New Jersey will be reported.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved, That the credentials of Hiram R. Rev-
els, now chiming a seat in tbis body as a Senator
from the State of Mississippi, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, who are hereby requested
to inquire and report whether he has been a citizen
of the United States for the period of nine years and
was an inhabitant of said State at the time of his
alleged election, in tho sense intended by the third
section of tho first article of the Constitution of the
United States; and whether "Adalbert Ames, Brevet
Major General and provisional governor of Missis-
sippi," as appears by the credentials, was the Gov-
ernor of the State of Mississippi at tho time, and
whether he was an inhabitant of the said State.
Mr. STOCKTON. I would like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts whether he intends
to speak on this resolution?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator address
me?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
shall have some observations to make ; very
brief* however.
Mr. STOCKTON. I believe it is the court-
esy of the Senate to permit me, having offered
the resolution, to close the debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey prefers that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would make hi3 remarks before he
closes the debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the time
has passed for argument. Nothing more need
be said. I doubt if anything more can be said
in the way of argument.
For a long time it has been clear that col-
ored persons must be Senators, and I have
often so declared. This was only according
to the irresistible logic of the situation, to say
nothing of inherent right.
If I do not discuss the question, it is partly
because it is now so plain, and partly because
on other occasions I have considered it at
length. There is not a point in the case which
I have not argued long ago. Nearly a genera-
tion has intervened since I insisted at home,
in Massachusetts, that all must be equal before
the law, without any distinction of color. Sev-
eral years have intervened since here in this
Chamber I'insisted on the same truth, and, at
the same time, showed how, at the adoption of
the national Constitution, colored persons were
citizens according to the terms of all the State
constitutions, except South Carolina, and, per-
haps, Georgia. These arguments and author-
ities were not answered then. They cannot be
answered. It is useless to interpose ancient
pretensions. They are dead beyond resurrec-
tion. It is useless to interpose the Dred Scott
decision. Born a putrid corpse, this decision
became at once a stench in the nostrils and a
scandal to the court itself, which made haste
