2510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
as regards this paragraph of the bill I believe
that the phraseology is an improvement upon
the existing law, which embraces with refer-
ence to these articles, as the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means has slated,
from fourteen to eighteen rates. Some of these
rates are increased by this classification and
others are materially diminished.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is there
not an increase upon the cheaper goods?
Mr. ALLISON. The rates are increased
upon the cheaper goods. Let 1110 state, how-
I'vor. with reference to those cheap goods,
that very few of them are imported; so that,
except, as to one particular class of cheap goods,
there 13 practically no difference between the
classification proposed in this bill and that in
the law as it now stands. But I desire to call
attention to the summing up madebythechair-
man of the committee; that is, that the exist-
ing rate upon cotton goods is an averags of 54
per cent., and that the bill will make a reduc-
tion of only 1J per cent. I wish to call atten-
tion to the fact that while the duty on specified
articles is reduced by the bill, yet the classifi-
cation proposed includes articles which now
come in as unenumerated articles at 35 per
cent, ad valorem. For instance, under the
existing law goods are classed according to
the number of threads in a square yard—not
over 200 threads or not over 100 threads to the
square yard. The foreign manufacturer, for
the purpose of evading these classifications, has
made fabrics with, for instance, 08 threads to the
square yard, so that they may come in under
the duty of 35 per cent, ad valorem, whereas
under the specific rate they would pay, as stated
by the chairman, an average of 51 per cent.
In other words, the foreign manufacturer has
to a certain extent evade.d the existing law, and
I have 110 doubt the classification embraced in
this bill, though I have had no part in prepar-
ing it, is designed to prevent such evasions.
But though there may be a reduction upon the
articles specified, yet when you eome to add
the unenumerated articles which now come in
at 35 per cent, ad valorem, I think it will be
found that there is 110 material change as com-
pared with the existing law. While the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
very properly states that in 1868 there was a
reduction, yet if he will take 1807 and 1809—
I have made some calculations as to the former
year, though not as to tho latter—he will, I
think, find on the average an increase. Taking
18U8 there may not be an increase; but all de-
pends, of course, upon the foreign valuation,
which may bo less one year and more another.
What I propose is that 011 this particular
article of bleached cotton goods there shall bo
a reduction of 10 per cent, upon the rate of
duly proposed in the bill. Nov/, the existing
law on the particular article here is 5^ cents
per square yard. That is the article I propose
to amend. The bill proposes 5 cents per square
yard and 10 per cent, ad valorem. Take the
importations of 18G7 and you will find that 5
cents and 10 per cent, ad valorem are more
than 5.] cents per squaie yard. There will be
a blight difference in tho importations of 1800.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I have foreborne addressing the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union
on the subject of the tariff, because I have been
impressed with the fact that in matters of detail,
with some few exceptions, it is best to follow
the Committee of Ways and Means. But T wish
to call the attention of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to this point:
by tho pi oposed change in the tariff on cotton
goods we are to make a difference in the rev-
enueofsome$97,000. Inmakingthesechanges
there must be of necessity very many disturb-
ances of value. Whether even that difference
will be made in the revenue will depend on
the business of the country. We are therefore
about undertaking a very great work for a very
Again, I am not in favor of reducing the
tariff where a revenue is to bo collected. I
wish to make a great reduction in the internal
revenue taxes, and therefore I do not wish to
reduce where any revenue is to be got from the
tariff. I propose, with all deference to the
Committee of Ways and Means—for I acknowl-
edge the ability and fairness with which the
committee have gone about their work—I shall
propose 011 this matter of cotton goods that we
shall strike out all this paragraph and leave
the law oxactly where it now stands. The
advantage gained, the chairman says, and he
is undoubtedly right, is this: we simplify the
classification, thereby preventing frauds; but
in that simplification of classification the mis-
fortune seems to be that the increase in the
tariff is on the cheaper articles of cotton goods
used by the poorer classes more than upon
those used by the rich. 1 wish the change
should have made the rise on a different class
of goods.
But it is said but few of these cheap goods are
imported on which this rise takes place. True,
that is so, but the rise of the tariff, although it
does not give us any revenue, operates 011 the
price of all tho goods in the country. That
being so, I am opposed to this change in the
tariff in cotton goods. 1 am opposed to the
change. I think there is always a great, deal
to be lost by changes. I accept the statement
of the. chairman of the Committee ot" Ways
and Means; but in accepting tho statement of
the chairman I find all this change of classifica-
tion is asked for by the importers. That is the
testimony which comes to me from them. 1
trust, therefore, after the matter has be'en suf-
ficiently debated, I may be permitted to call
the attention of the committee to tho simple
question whether we will strike out this para-
graph on cotton goods and test the sense of the
House on it.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. 8CHENCK. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, this is coming now somewhat to the point.
What were the reasons which influence'd the
mind of the committee? As I have said be-
fore, there are eighteen rates of duty. On one
of tliem only $10 revenue was received by
the Government. On another class only some
§200, and on one none at all. We have reduced
all these to 4, and I might say really to 3, for if
they go below 35 per cent, ad valorem, then,
as in the present law, wo provide the general
provision shall take them up.
Now, then, the present law has this difficulty
in it. In tho first place it graduates the duty
according to the number of threads that there
arc to the square inch; and, as my colleague
has explained, if the number of threads comes
do wn to 98 or 99 the duty is different from what
it is if the number goes over 100. And in like
manner if the number of threads is 198 or 199,
the rate of duty is very different from what it
is if 11 goes over 200. That is one thing to be
corrected. And there is another. There is
under the existing law a classification by valua-
tion. Cottons valued at 20 cents or less per
square yaid pay so much. Those valued at over
20 cents per yard pay so much. The result has
been that there have been continually false in-
voices as to price and falsehoods in putting in
goods as having 198 threads instead of 200, or
something of that kind. The custom-house
officers wore involved in continual difficulties,
and the consequence was that because of those
difficulties and the frauds that grew outof these
evasions of the customs, we never got the cor-
rect duty on almost any article of this class,
in view of these facts, we took the opinion,
not of the importers merely, or of the manu-
facturers merely, but of both, and still more
of the custom-house officers; and we found
that they all agreed in this, that the present
complicated system, which required you to
count the number of threads to a square inch,
in order to arrive at thetrue rate ot duty, that
such a complicated system defeated its own
objects. Wo therefore reduced all these goods
to the following classes: first, all the un-
bleached ; then all the bleached ; then all tho
printed. This is virtually the classification
proposed by this bill. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] proposes to amend that
portion which relates to bleached. We pro-
vide in the bill a duty of 5 cents per yard, and
10 per cent, ad valorem. The gentleman says
that that is an increase. It is an increase on
some articles, but a very considerable decrease
on others; and in the main I think he will
find it is a slight decrease.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is an
increase on the lower grades.
Mr. RCHBNCIv. That is a mistake. While
the duty of 5 cents and 10 percent, ad valorem
will include bleached cottons, on which, under
the existing law, there is a duty of 3 cents per
yard, yielding a revenue of $43,000, it will also
include the " plain bleached," value 20 cents
or less per yard, the duty on which is now 5|
cents, and of which there is the largestimport-
ation, this article having yielded a revenue of
S9G9,000. It will include also the "plain
bleached" whose value is over 20 cents per
yard, now paying 35 per cent, ad valorem, and
yielding $301,000 of revenue. It-will include
the blenched, not over 200 threads per square
inch, rated at 6$ cents per yard; and it will
include the bleached, over 200 threads per inch,
counting warp and filling, rated at 7} cents per
yard ; that is, the 3 cents, the 5J cents, the 35
per cent, ad valorem, the G.V cents, and the 7J
cents will all come under this general provision
of 5 cents and 10 per cent, ad valorem. The
principal class among all these is that which
comes iu at 5^ cents per yard, the imports of
that class being more than of all the rest put
together. What we do, then, is to take off the
half cent and add 10' per cent, ad valorem.
And I say this is no increase, but a decrease,
b'ecause tve find that on the average value 10
per cent, ad valwem is less than half a cent
per yard. On some of the other goods which
come into this class there is an increase, and
on some a decrease. Of those on which there
is an increase the amount of imports is very
small, the revenue from the goods paying ti
cents a yard having been, as I have said, only
$43,000.
I hope that gentlemen before they vote on
this subject will consider what will be the effect
of their vote, by examining carefully the duties
on those different classes and the revenue de-
rived from them. No one will deny that it is
extremely important to simplify the law on these
subjects, in order to preventtheenormous frauds
that are now perpetrated. We cannot go on
counting the number of threads to a square
inch, we cannot go on with these different val-
uations, rating goods worth less than 20 cents
per yard so much and those worth more than
20 cents per yard so much, without being liable
to continual frauds from false statements and
false invoices by dishonest importers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before I
proceed to answer specifically the argument of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means 011 this bill it is due as well to him as to
myself that there should be a single word of
personal explanation in what I may say, so that
1 may be entirely understood. At ttie com-
mencement of this Congress itwillbe remem-
bered that in the heat ot debate I used words
substantially to this effect—I have not seen
them since: that at some time I would be ready
to investigate the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. At that time, sir, I had
brought to me very many stories to his preju-
dice, which forced themselves upon my attention
and almost superinduced belief. I have since
investigated many of them and have found them
in every instance, upon investigation, to be of
that class of slanders which every public man
suffers from because of his name being used
by others for the furtherance of their own pur-
poses ; and in the same place where I made the
