4398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
of the Whole was in section four, line two,
after the word " shall" to strikeout the words
"on or before the 10th day of September,
1870," and to insert the words " on the receipt
of such preliminary report immediately."
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This completes
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole. The question now is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maryland to
the first section in lieu of the part stricken out
in the House bill, commencing in the twelfth
line.
The. Chief Clerk read tlie amendment, as
follows:
And if the number of Representatives of any State
shall be reduced by such apportionment, such State
shall, at its first election hereafter, elect its whole
representation by general ticket, unless by special
session of the Legislature the said State shall be
redistricted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Maryland that I have prepared an
amendment for greater caution—I hope there
will be no occasion for it—to accomplish that
very object, which I will read to him, and per-
haps he will accept it. It probably goes a little
further than his amendment does. I have pre-
pared an amendment, to insert after the word
" increased," in line twenty-two of section one,
the words "or diminished;" and then, after the
word "State" in the twenty-third line, to
Insert " so increased, and all the Representa-
tives of any State so diminished in the Forty-
Second Congress ;" and thpn, after the word
"large" in the twenty-fourth line, to insert
" unless otherwise provided by such State."
Now 1 will read the clause as I propose to
amend it:
And if the representation of any State shall bo
Increased or diminished by such apportionment, any
additional Representative or Representatives of
such State, so increased, and fill the Representatives
of any State so diminished, in the Forty-Second Con-
gress, shall be chosen by the State at large, unless
otherwise provided by such State.
Mr. VICKERS. I will accept that amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland accepts it, and the question now is
on the amendmentof the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator will allow me
in this direct connection, I wish to suggest a
further amendment to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I yield.
Mr. DRAKE. It is to add at the end of his
amendment, as now read, " but thereafter shall
be elected by single districts, as now required
by law," That is to mak-e the thing absolutely
certai n
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not do,'1 as
now required by law," because it will require
a redisricting.
Mr. DRAKE. But after this, after the Forty-
Second Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are elected by
single districts. That is the law now. The
law is that each State shall elect by single dis-
tricts its Representatives, with the exception
of some two or three States now, and the words
proposed by the Senator from Missouri do not
change it at all. If he were to add the words
which he has suggested, "in districts as now
required by law," he will see that that would
be improper, because the districts as now re-
quired by law would not be the proper districts
under the increased apportionment.
Mr. DRAKE. But it does not mean that
they shall be elected according to the present
districts; but the proposition is that after they
have elected by general ticket for the Forty-
Second Congress they shall return to the sin-
gle district system.
Mr TRUMBULL. This bill only provides
for the Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not see any objection
to adding these words, and I move to amend
(he amendment of the Senator from Illinois
by adding "but thereafter shall be elected by
single districts."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question,
then, is on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri, and the
Senator from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. I only want to make it abso-
lutely certain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the whole
of this difficulty arises out of attempting to do
a thing before you have got the material to do
it with. That is the fact about it, and it is
perfectly useless to disguise it. There are a
thousand difficulties that will surround this
subject, that will grow worse and worse the
further we go. But to confine myself to the
point now before us, the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri willnot accomplish the
purpose he has in view, or will not sufficiently
accomplish it, although it ought to be accom-
plished. If you are to provide anything more
than the simple direction that the States shall
elect by districts you must require them to
apportion those districts by contiguous terri-
tory, having as near as possible equal popu-
lation, as indispensable to justice and fair play.
Mr. DRAKE. That is the law now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be the law now,
and I believe it is; but if you undertake to
make a new law on a new census, and on a
new apportionment which touches the subject
of districting at all, you must make it com-
plete. I am sure the chairman will agree with
me about that. If we say anything, we must
say enough to have a complete system.
The chairman undoubtedly does not intend
the effect that liis amendment will produce as
it respects this election at large, because, as I
understand its reading, the effect will be, if
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
is not adopted, to leave the enlarged repre-
sentation of every State to be elected at large,
without limitation to the Forty-Second Con-
gress, by the way in which he has framed the
amendment, while the diminished represent-
ation shall be only confined in the election at
large to the Forty- Second Congress. Of course
the chairman does not mean that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor is my amendment
susceptible of that construction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think if the chairman
will take the trouble to look at it he will see
that it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because the section itself
as it now stands has all about the Forty-Second
Congress in the first of it left out, and there is
nothing, therefore, to attach the amendment
to, except just what is contained in the twenty-
second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth lines
speaking of representation generally: "That
from and after the 3d day of March, 1871, the
House of Representatives shall be composed
of," &c. It, is not limited to the Forty-Second
Congress at nil. All that part of it which lim-
ited the peculiar provisions to the Forty-Second
Congress has already been stricken out. Then
after declaring that after the 4ih of March, 1871,
the lepresentation shall be thus and so, the
next clause is:
And if the representation of any State shMl be
increased by such apportionment, any additional
Representative or representatives in tho jb'orty-
Second Congress shall be chosen by the State at
large.
Now, my friend has changed that—I have
not his amendment before me—so as to pro-
vide for a kind of phraseology which intro-
duces the Forty-Second Congress again at the
end of his amendment, so as to lead to the
implication that he does not intend to limit
the enlarged representation in the same wa.y
that he does the diminished representation. A
change of the phrase will accomplish that
result; but that is a mere matter of phrase-
ology.
Tiie difficulty that we have is one which lies
back of that, and that is, in providing that this
enlarged representation, this new apportion-
ment, shall tako effect in the Forty-Second
Congress: and I feel safe in saying that I do not
make this suggestion upon the ground that the
representation of the State that I represent may
be, and undoubtedly willbe, diminished by one,
because she will have the same relative strength
and power that the Constitution would give
her whenever it is made; and it is a very small
view to take of the subject that a State is to
gain or lose a Representative for two years. But
the fact is that, the framers of the Constitution
intended to produce, and the practice of those
who have lived under it since always has pro-
duced down to this present moment, a, regu-
lar series of ten-year steps in readjusting the
apportionment of representation; and those
ten-year steps were always taken until the
year 1850, and then in substance, after the law-
making power had ascertained under the Con-
stitution what the respective populations of the
States were; so that the Senate and House
of Representatives and the President have
never committed to anybody the power to
determine how many Representatives under a
new apportionment anyone State should have
as it related itself to another. It is the highest
possible power that can b.e exercised in the
Government to adjust between the respective
States under the Constitution the fact and the
law applicable to the fact) because the law
is still complicated, notwithstanding the aboli-
tion of slavery) upon which the House of Rep-
resentatives is made up.
Now, then, we propose by this bill not to
wait for the incoming of this ninth census, as
has been done ever since the foundation of the
Government, and to give to the eighth census
its regular period of five Congresses, but to
diminish this decade into a decade of eight
years—if I may use an expression of that char-
acter which expresses the idea; it is a iittle
Irish, to be sure—to diminish this period into
a period of eight years and four Congresses ;
and in order to accomplish that, to provide for
a representation of fact and law, and the ascer-
tainment of it upon a census that has not been
taken, and then to leave the action of your sub-
ordinate officers, if there should be any envr
in it, to be revised in the body that is cieated
under that very erroneous revision which the
Secretary of the Interior and the Superintend-
ent of the Census may make.
It is of vastly more importance to the States
which have large representation and large frac-
tions, and which have some exclusions on ac-
count of nativity, or some property or educa-
tional qualification of white and black citizens
to vote that this process of ascertaining the fact
and of applying the law to it should be carefully
and accurately carried out than it is to a small
State ; and yet the result of this bill is that you
are to abdicate the adjustment of the House of
Representatives entirely wiihout the power of
revision by the preseut law-making power, and
are to tell the Secretary of the Interior and his
Superintendent of the Census, "Now, upon
these theoretic principles which we lay down to
you under the Constitution in advance, you are
to make an enumeration; then you are to make
a computation upon a certain theoretic princi-
ple to produce a certain result; then you are to
apportion fractions ; and then having made up
your House of Representatives, that House of
Representatives shall get together just as you
make it up, and if there is any error in this com-
putation or in the application of the law or the
fact the very body that is composed by that
order is to be the body that is to correct it."
That is contrary to all principles of legislation,
and it is contrary to the practice of the Gov-
ernment, I repeat, from its commencement to
this uay.
I know my friend from Illinois will iav "the
apportionment of 1850 was before the census
was taken." So it was, provisionally ; but it
did not take effect until the next Congress
afterward, and it was required by law to be
reported to the Congress that made it, so that
if there should he any error introduced in the
process, or in the application of the law, the
Congress that made the law had it in its power
to correct the evil.
