3454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
a privileged motion. I move to reconsider the
vote of last night whereby the bill (H. R. No.
1673) grunting a pension to the minor children
of the late Commander Edward P. Williams,
who perished in the United States steamer
Oneida, was laid on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Was not a motion to
reconsider that vote made last night and the
mo'ion to reconsider laid on the table?
TheSPEAKER. TheJournaldoeanotmake
that record.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I certainly made the
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is uhder the
impression that the gentleman is mistaken, and
that he did not make the motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I made the motion with
reference to all these bills at the close.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That must
be determined by the record in the Journal.
It is too late now to correct the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the
Chair is not in accordance with that of the gen-
tleman from Missouri. And if a point of order
were made upon it, it would not be permissible
to correct the Journal on a matter of that kind
except by unanimous consent, because a recon-
sideration of votes must be made for each one
separately, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BUTLElt, of Massachusetts. I only
make the motion as to one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair waa making a
foint against the gentleman from Missouri,
Mr. Benjamin. J lie could not have made the
motion to reconsider touching all yesterday if
objected to, and he could not correct the Jour-
nal as touching all to day except by unanimous
consent; and the Chair understands the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to
object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to bring the matter up for action now.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman had
better enter the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I mean
simply to enter the motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
. Mr. BUl'LEll, of Massachusetts. I will ask
for its consideration hereafter.
ARKANSAS HOT SPRtNGS.
Mr. KNOTT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to tbe bill of the Senate (S. No. 95) in relation
to the Hot Sprints reservation in Arkansas, having
met, alter fall and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
tbe amendment of the House, and agree to the same
with the following amendments:
Section one, strike out from the word "final," in
the seventh line, to the word " any," in the eighth
line.
After the word "final," in the seventh line, insert
decision."
Strike out all from the word "settle, "in the eighth
line, to the word " the." in the ninth line.
_ Strike out" suits " and insert'' suit" in the ninth
line.
Section two, line four, strike out the words "as
near as may be."
Strike out all from the word "States," in the sixth
1'ne, to the word" and," in the eighth line.
Line nine, strike out*'sucb," and in lien thereof
insert " the."
Line ten, strike out the word " usually."
Line ten, after the word '"equity," insert the words
so far,"
Section three, line one, strike out the words " pro-
cess in," and in lieu thereof insert " notioe of."
Line three, after the word "thereof," insert the
words " with a copy of the petition."
Section four, strike ont all of Bection fonr.
Section six, strike out all from the word " shall,"
in the third line, to the word "the "before "United"
in the fourth line.
Line three, after the word "shall," insert "decide
in tavor of."
Section six, strike out all from the word "shall,"
In the twentieth line, to and including the word
"lands," in the twenty-second line, and in lieu
thereof insert the words "decide in favor of any
claimant."
Line thirty-two, strike ont the word "approval,"
and in lieu thereof insert "appeal."
< Line thirty-four, after "appeal," insert the words
"in the same manner and with the same effect as in
eases of appeal in equity causes from tho circuit
oourts of the United States."
And that the Ilouso agree to the fame.
J. PROCTOR KNOTT.
A. A. 0. EOGURS.
GODLOVE S. OltTH,
Manager« on the part of the lloute.
B. P. RICE.
UliO. P. EDMUNDS.
AVM. T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
horatio king.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsiu. I am de-
sired by a gentleman, Mr. Speaker, who thinks
he was unjustly assailed here yesterday, to
present a communication and ask that it be
read. I wish simply to say that I know noth-
ing about the facts, and do not wish to be
mixed up in anybody's quarrel.
Mr. SCO FIELD. Is this privileged ?
The SPEAKER. It can only be read by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SCOP1ELD. I want the gentleman to
state who the communication is from.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Itisfrom
Mr. Horatio King. I hope no gentleman, after
what was said here yesterday, will object to
this communication being read.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Certainly
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, after what
transpired here yesterday, will not object.
Here is a gentleman who has been for more
than twenty years in office, occupying high
positions, and of an honorable reputation 
Mr. STILES. I object because I do not
know vhftt it is 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] asks, in behalf of
Hon. Horatio King, that a letter addressed to
him by that gentleman in answer to the charges
preferred against him yesterday may be read
to the House.
Mr. STILES. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to say that I know nothing about the charges
referred to, and I do not wish to be mixed
up with any quarrel. I may say in behalf of
| Sir. King that he is a gentleman who has occu-
pied high official position in this city for a
great number of years.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object to any debate
unless the same courtesy can be extended to
the other side, if desired.
Mr. WA8HBURN, of Wisconsin. Very
well; let the communication be read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I shall object to the read-
ing of the communication unless an opportu-
nity can be given to reply to any reflections
that may be made in it upon the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I assure
tbe gentleman there is nothing whatever of this
kind in the communication.
The communication was then read, as fol-
lows :
Washington, May 18,1870.
Sib: A most unprovoked attaek, made on me
yesterday by lion.Charles Hays, of Alabama, in his
place in the House of Representatives, imposes on me
the necessity of asking you to lay before that honor-
able body a brief statementof thefacts which led to it.
In the first plase, I should remark that his charge
is untrue that I instigated the newspaper article
which be makes the basis of his attack; and he is also
at fault in respect to the history of the transaction.
The facta are simply as follows: on the 29th of July,
18G8, nearly two years ago, I received from a respect-
able attorney in Cincinnati a power of attorney from
one C. S. Devine to prosecute a claim of his before
the Navy Department for pay as first-class pilot,
amounting to the sum of $557 75. Immediately took
charge of the matter and faithfully prosecuted it for
abont five months, when the claim was rejected on
the ground that there was no law authorizing its pay-
ment, and tbe papers, which were quite voluminous.
were returned to mo through tho Fourth Auditor of
tho Treasury.
On the 15 th of March, 1860, following, having through
my assouiute attorney received from said Devine u
memorial, to be presented for relief, the same was
presented in tho House of Representatives, together
with all the other papers of tho case, including my
powor of attorney from tho claimant, unci referred to
tboCommitteeon Naval Affairs. I was unable to got
any action thereon at the March session, and the
matter rested until the present session, when the
ease, I understand, was put into tho hands of Mr.
Hays for examination and report. My son called on
him with reference to it several times, when, at
length, some tima in the latter part of March, I was
surprised by the information that, instead of notify-
ing and Icavingme to finish up the case, he(Mr. Hays)
had, without authority lrom the House, withdrawn
the papers, taking them to the Na vy Department, and
procured authority on which theFourth Auditor hud
issued a Treasury certificate, payable to the order of
Devine, for the whole amount, and this Treasury cer-
tificate, it appeared, had been sent to Mr. Hays, at
his (Mr. Hay's) request, who informed my son that
he had received lrom Devine instructions not to
allow the certificate to go into rnv hands. There-
upon, on the L'd of April, I wrote Mr. Hays, giving
him a brief statement of my connection with tho
case, and respectfully protesting against his "pay-
ing over any money or handing over any draft in
favor of said Devine, to any person whomsoever,
without my first having a fair opportunity to bo
heard in the premises."
In a day or two afterward I called on him, and
he informed mo that he should relieve himself of
tho matter by reporting to his committee j where-
upon I sought an interview with and placed the
whole facts in writing before tho chairman, Mr.
ScoFlKi.n, who said thathe did not consider lhat ho
had anything to do with the matter, and declined to
give me any assurance whatever, that our rights
should bo protected. Meantime, having learned
from the Fourth Auditor that when ho ordered the
Treasury certificate sent to Mr. Hays he was not
aware of my connection with tho case, I wrote him
a letter stating the result of my efforts with Messrs.
Hays and Scofikld, and expressed the opinion that
an intimation from him to tliatcffect would nodoubt
induce Mr. Hays to return the certificate to him and
thus save all further trouble. This letter the Aud-
itor referred to him by the following indorsement,
handing it to me unsealed, as I told him I wished to
retain a copy, namely:
Fourth AuniTOR's Office,
Treasury Department, April 5,1870.
Sib: I would respectfully refer this letter to you
for consideration, and should you desire to be
relieved in the premises, I have no doubt Mr. King
would attend to the business in an honorable and
satisfactory mannerwere yon to return Mr. Devine's
certificate to this office. The accounting officers
think Mr. King is entitled to remuneration for the
services he has rendered in the case.
Very respectfully, yours,
STEPHEN J. W. TABOR, Auditor.
Hon. Charles Hays, M. C.
Here the matter rested for two weeks or more, in
the expectation on my part that the Suggestion of
the Auditor would meet with a favorable response,
when, meeting Mr. Hays at the Capitol, I asked him
, about the certificate, and he said he had sent it to
Devine. I said to him, "Then I shall look to you
i for our commissions," and he replied, "Very well."
Not another word passed between us.
The above are the essential and exact facts of tho
case. I shall not descend to the level of my assail-
ant by bandying epithets, but will leave others to
make their own comments.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
HORATIO KING.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to say a very few
words in relation to the communication just
read, not because of any allusion that it makes
to me as chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, but on account of the unjust reflections
i. contained in it upon Mr. Hays, who is a metn-
, ber of that committee. This claim of Mr.
ij Devine, as it is called, was not properly a
!] claim in the strict sense of the word. Some
i supposed defect in the law prevented Mr. De-
vine from receiving his pay as an officer of
the Government, a pilot in the Navy. An
application was made to Congress to have the
defect removed by a speeial act, and the appli-
cation was referred to the Committee on Naval
1 Affairs. As chairman of that committee I
asked Mr. Hays, who had just been appointed
a member of it, to take the papers in his charge
and ascertain by inquiry at the Navy Depart-
ment if it was a just claim, and report the
result to the committee. In the course of his
1 investigations before the Department Mr. Hays
ascertained that the legal impediment to the
I payment of the claim of Mr. Devine had been
(I removed by some subsequent action of the
