m
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLO:
December 20s,
ence thereto, the two Houses of Congress have
the same exclusive right to judge of the quali-
fications of their members; and it pertains to
Congress, besides, exclusively to judge and
determine whether the constitution or govern-
ment of any State is republican in form. If,
therefore, the Legislature of Georgia gave
proper, construction to the constitution in ex-
pelling the colored members, it is within the
province of Congress, notwithstanding its
former approval of the constitution, to say that
the government of Georgia is not republican
in form ; and if the constitution has not been
properly interpreted, but simply trampled upon
and disregarded, then the condition of admis-
sion ha3 been broken, and it becomes the duty
of Congress to guaranty, that is to establish, a
republican government in that State. The con-
stitution and the government of a State are by
no means identical nor synonymous. The con-
stitution is mere parchment or waste paper
unless recognized and illustrated by its living
exponents and administrators; and though a
State may have a republican constitution, if it
is disregarded and the agents and functionaries
of government usurp powers not conferred by
it and administer the government arbitrarily
and capriciously, it would be mockery to say
that the government is republican in form.
Whether, therefore, Georgia irin or out of the
Union, and whether her constitution has been
rightly or wrongly interpreted by the Legisla-
ture, I believe, Sir. Speaker, that Congress has
the power and ought to interpose and pass this
bill.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I desire to know whether
the gentleman from Ohio has considered the
fact that the State of Georgia at the time of
her readmissiou, as it is called by the Repub-
lican side of the House, had complied with all
the reconstruction measures as recited in the
preamble to the resolution readmitting her,
and that the resolution was adopted 011 that
express condition?
Mr. WINANS. I do not know that I catch
the gentleman's meaning.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
whether he had considered the fact when Geor-
gia was readmitted, as the Republicans term
the act in regard to her, that it was recited in
the preamble to the resolution readmitting her
that she had complied with all the requirements
in the reconstruction acts?
Mr. WINANS. I had considered that, and
I have presented my views in regard to it, as
already announced, in this way: that Georgia, in
my judgment, is not, notwithstanding that action
of Congress, a State fully in the Union, because
it is not represented in the two Houses of Con-
gress, which I take it is indispensably neces-
sary in order to the recognition of a State in
the Union.
Mr. WOODWARD. It is not her fault then
that she is not represented.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio says that Georgia is not a State in the
Union because she is not represented in either
House of Congress. Suppose the two Houses
were to refuse to admit the Representatives
and Senators from the State of New York,
would the State of New York be then out of
the Union?
Mr. WINANS. It certainly would not have
any power as a State in the Union if it were
not represented in the Congress of the United
States ; but, as I remarked a while ago, it makes
no difference in my judgment whether this be
a State in the Union or out of the Union ; the
result is the same.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, whether
the colored man had the right to hold office in
Georgia under her constitution and the recon-
struction laws was a legal question of consid-
erable difficulty. The constitution of Georgia
committed the question to the Legislature of
Georgia and they decided against the colored
man; but they decided it so prudently and con-
siderately that they passed a resolution declar-
ing it was a question worthy of judicial exam-
ination and directed an issue to be formed for
taking the opinion of the judiciary. They did
what General Grant did in regard to the Span-
ish gun-boats. Having expended his own best
wisdom on the subject he turned it over to the
judiciary to decide whether we had a right to
detain them or not. The Legislature of Georgia,
in whom her constitution vested the power of
decision, decided the question, and every man
is bound to consider that the Legislature de-
cided conscientiously; not necessarily that it
decided correctly, but that it decided the ques-
tion honestly. But the Legislature finally pro-
posed to refer the subject for decision to the
judiciary of the State. Governor Bullock did
not agree in that reasonable proposition and
vetoed the reference to the judiciary; and thus
the question whether the negro had a right to
sit in the Legislature of Georgia was kept out
of the judiciary by the official actions of the
very man who is now engineering this bill
through these Halls.
But, sir, in the city of Savannah a negro had
been elected clerk of the superior or some
other local court there, The same question
was raised in regard to him, and that question
went before the very competent and gentle-
manly judge who presides in that court. He
heard counsel on it; he took time to deliber-
ate; he read a learned opinion, in which he
decided that the negro in Georgia had no power
to hold office. Thus in a collateral ease the
opinion of the Legislature, as expressed in the
expulsion of negro claimants, was reaffirmed.
But from his decision an appeal was taken to
the supreme court of Georgia, composed of
three judges, before whom it was again fully
argued and again fairly considered. Two of
those judges, for different reasons, decided that
the negro was entitled to hold office in Georgia,
while the third judge submitted an opinion re-
affirming the judgment below, that the negro
had no right to hold office in Georgia.
Thus, sir, this question stands in Georgia
to-day—two judges holding negroes competent
to hold office, and two judges holding them in-
competent to hold office. Now, that is the way
in which this question of negro office holding
in Georgia stands at this moment. And, sir,
I suppose any man may be excused for con-
sidering that one of these opinions is better
than tho other. I have not looked into them
carefully. I am not about to pronounce any
opinion in regard to which is the better con-
clusion. I only state for the consideration of
the House the fact that this legal question was
so doubtful that when weighed in the best bal-
ances that could be found it was by the weight
of a hair merely that the scale was made to
preponderate in favor of the segro.
Well, now, let us assume with the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who
presides over the fortunes of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee of this House, that it is clear
that the negro is entitled to hold office in
Georgia, and that the Legislature was alto-
gether wrong in deciding that he was not enti-
tled to hold office—what then ? Does any man
live in this land that ever heard the proposi-
tion before that such a mistake of law was to
be corrected by the annihilation of the State
in which it took place ? Has General Grant
made no mistakes in law? Was he not in
doubt about the gun-boats? He tells us he
was. Is General Grant to be put to death
because he may have entertained an opinion
which the learned lawyer from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] could demonstrate was unsound?
Why, no, sir. This land of ours is full of
diversities of opinion upon legal questions.
A day does not pass in which the highest
courts in the land are not divided.
The great statesman at the head of the Gov-
ernment himself confesses his own uncertainty
in regard to the gun-boats in his annual mes-
sage, and yet he appears in that message to be
perfectly clear that the only legal remedy for
an erroneous judgment on a doubtful question
of law in Georgia is to annihilate Georgia. I
say he is made to appear to be of that opinion
by his message. My friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] has intimated, and I sincerely
hope for the fame of General Grant on suffi-
cientgrounds, that General Grant is not respon-
sible for this proposition in his message. And
if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
were here I should like to interrogate him a
little. I should like to ascertain how he looks
upon this proposition to put out of the Legis-
lature every white man in Georgia who ever
held office, who ever was considered by this
Government or his fellow-citizens fit to hold
office. If these men.are to be excluded from
the Legislature for all time to conic by this
test-oaih I should like to know whether Gen-
eral Grant consciously and intentionally put
this monstrous proposition into his message.
I say I have doubts about it, and I hope be-
fore this debate is over to hear more about it.
But did you, sir, ever hear—did any man that
listens to me ever hear of the redress of a legal
mistake in this manner ?
Now, the very head and front of Georgia's
offending "hath this extent, no more." The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
does not propose to punish Georgia because she
seceded from the Union in 1861. That was an
unpardonable sin, indeed, and shehas been se-
verely punished for it. But then that is past and
gone. We readmitted her here after she commit-
ted that sin. We considered that the atonement
was sufficient and we received her Representa-
tives upon this floor. They sat here a whole
session of Congress; and Georgia also sent Sen-
ators to the other House. It is not her fault
that they are not sitting there now. The gen-
tleman from Ohio thinks that because the
Representatives of Georgia are not sitting here
we may tamper with the rights of the people.
I do not think so. I think it is our fault that
Senators are not in the Senate and that Bep-
resentatives are not sitting here, and not the
fault of the people of Georgia. They have
elected them.
Well now we are going to punish that error
of law—not secession ; that has been punished ;
that has passed. Even the bloody-minded
chairman of the committee, from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] doesnotpropose to punish
Georgia on account of her secession, and he
does not propose to punish her by this bill on
account of that stream of defamation that he
allows carpet-baggers and idlers to pour into his
too-willing ear in reference to morals and the
state of society in Georgia. He details those
defamatory stories on this floor from time to
time, but the theory of this legislation is not to
redress these evils, supposing them to be truly
alleged.
The whole ground upon which this legis-
lation rests, and upon which every man who
votes for this bill has got to stand in the future
history of this country, is that the Legislature
of Georgia erred in a matter of law, and there-
fore, forsooth, we will take away her charter,
we will reduce her to a colonial condition, we
will bring her into the equivocal condition in
which the learned gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Wixaxs] cannot tell us whether she is in or
out of the Union ; but whichever way it is he
is for trampling her under foot. I wish he had
told us whether she is in or out of the Union ;
because in the execution which is to be done
upon her for this mistake of law it would be a
great deal more convenient to know whether
we are dealing with a sovereign State in the
Union or an outlying province. We must exe-
cute her, we must subject, her to capital punish-
ment, because her Legislature erred just a3
Judge Sebley, of the inferior court at Savannah,
did, and just as Judge Warner, the dissenting
judge of the supreme court, did. and just as
Governor Bullock himselferred when he vetoed
the resolution of reference to the supreme
court. •
, The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck, J
who is good authority for everything relating
to Georgia reconstruction, says that there is
