1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5343
- Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should be very glad
to speak for about five minutes on this subject.
Mr. CAMERON. I will give way to the
Senator from Connecticut or the Senator from
North Carolina, with the understanding that
the motion shall be renewed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The floor must
be awarded to some other Senator. Of course
the motion can be renewed when the Senator
again obtains the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I give way with the under-
standing that it shall be renewed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
think enough has been said to convince the
Senate that it is not advisable to concur in the
report of the conference committee; but there
are one or two points to which I wish to refer,
which to my mind are objectionable in the
report, and one or two reasons which I desire
to give, in addition to those which have already
been given against its adoption. One clause
of the report provides—
There sliall be allowed and paid to each and every
commissioned officer below the rank of brigadier gen-
eral, including chaplains and others having assim-
ilated rank or pay, ten per cent, of their current
yearly pay for each and every term of Jive years of
continuous service.
Now, there are many officers who entered
the volunteer service and served in the volun-
teers during the rebellion, who, when the rebel-
lion ended, joined the regular Army, and were
mustered in as officers of the regular Army ;
but before they were mustered in as officers of
the regular Army they were mustered out as
volunteers. Therefore, they lose the increased
pay which is granted by this clause to those
who continue in the service, simply because
they ceased for a moment to hold the office. I
think those men are as patriotic and as deserv-
ing as any others; and this a discrimination
which should not be made.
There is another provision in this bill that
abolishes the offices of military storekeeper
and medical storekeeper, and musters out those
officers. I do not suppose there are more than
ten or twelve of those officers, and many of
them may be of very little importance ; but I
am sure the office of military storekeeper at
the national armory at Springfield is one of
very great importance and should not be abol-
ished. That is a position which one man has
held for more than twenty-five years, and he
has performed the duty, I do not hesitate to
say, with as much fidelity as any officer of the
Government; and, to his credit I say it, he is
as poor to-day as he was when he entered the
service. He has had the charge of property
varying in amountfrom $6,000,000 to $10,000,-
000. He has actcd as quartermaster, as the
purchaser of supplies, as paymaster, and has
had all these arms and stores under his con-
trol, for the keeping of which he has been under
heavy bonds to the Government.
I will say still further in reference to him,
that in the months of February and March,
18G1, so convinced was he that there was dan-
ger to this Government which might require the
use of arms, that without any authority, with-
out any order from any superior officer, he
directed a large number of the arms at the
Springfield armory to be packed in cases with j
ammunition, that they might be shipped at any
moment; so that on the second night after the
firing of the enemy on Sumter, thousands of
those arms were put on board the railroad
trains en route for this city, for the defense of
this capital; and but for his prudent fore-
thought those arms would have been as many
weeks reaching here as they were days.
Now, what does this bill propose? To abol-
ish that office, which is as important as any
office in the service, and with it to muster out
one of the most faithful officers that has ever
been mustered into the service.
1 hope that the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania may prevail: and with his per-
mission I will renew it, that this bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. ABBOTT. With the consent of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I desire to say a
word.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. With the permission
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has not got the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nized the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. ABBOTT. As I have been a member
of the Committee on Military Affairs and have
participated somewhat in the deliberations
which produced this bill, and as I had also
the honor to be placed on the committee of
conference which reported this present bill,
although, being absent from town, I did not
meet with them, I take the opportunity to say
a word with regard to the vote which I intend
to give.
There are some things in this bill which
I should be very much pleased to vote for.
There are other things in the bill which I do
not think conducive to the public interests.
Wre ought always to remember in dealing with
the Army that it is a machine of routine. It
lives on routine; it is a machine; anditought
not to be changed or disturbed suddenly.
Whenever changes are made they should be
made gradually and not abruptly. Anybody
who has ever been in the military service of
the country knows how annoying and incon-
venient it is to make these sudden and abrupt
changes.
This bill originates in the general idea of
reducing the Army to a peace basis. After the
war of the Revolution, there being no danger
of internal dissensions, the Army was abol-
ished almost entirely, so that we really had
nothing in the form of an Army. After the
last war with Great Britain the Army was cut
down to what was called a peace basis, which
was so small that we had hardly the semblance
of an Army. And so after the Mexican war
all the volunteers were discharged. That idea,
united with the idea which is very prevalent in
America, that a standing army is dangerous,
has induced the public to look for a reduction
of the Army since the rebellion.
This feeling, united with what might be called
a spirit of hostility to the Army, a spirit of
jealousy of the fame and reputation of the offi-
cers of the Army, has conduced to the produc-
tion of the bill in the other House, and possi-
bly somewhat of the bill which has been pre-
sented in the Senate. It has been known to
the Committee on Military Affairs that I have
differed from the purposes of the committee
mostly throughout this whole matter. I am
opposed to the bill, because I think it ungener-
ous, unkind, and because I would nourish and
nurture the Army and build it up and stimulate
its pride ; because we do not know bow long it
will be before we shall want to use the Army
again.
I would preserve the Army also in its.pres-
ent position as a matter of policy; and to this
point I have given a great deal of considera-
tion. My opinion is that the element of force
must hereafter enter more considerably into the
conduct of our governmental affairs than it has
heretofore. Some people think we can get on
with an Army such as we had immediately after
the Revolution, or immediately after the last
war with Great Britain, or immediately preced-
ing the war of the rebellion. But it must be
remembered that we have forty million peo-
ple, and a combustible and turbulent people,
too, in some parts of the country. The nature
of our Governmentis growing more imperative,
and circumstances demand that it shall grow
more imperative, and we need more and more
each year the element of force within this
Government.
Now, add to this the necessity of controlling
the Indian tribes on the plains, the chances
of trouble on the frontier, the necessity of
preserving ready for use in any emergency a
respectable Armj', and I do not think our pres-.
ent Army is one single man too large. Indeed,
if I could ha,ve my way, instead of reducing
the Army a single man I would increase it to
fifty thousand men. I am not speaking for
anybody else; I am simply expressing my
own opinion. It is true the Army costs some-
thing; but it costs something to conduct a
Government of forty million people. We can-
not expect to conduct this Government now
on the same scale as it was conducted before
the war. _ We must expect emergencies which
will require the use of this arm of our Govern-
ment—the Army.
These are the considerations in brief, and
thrown out without much order or system,
which induce me to vote against this bill as a
whole, though I am willing to vote for several
provisions of the bill. I do not care to discuss
it in detail. If there is any form or manner
in which these provisions could come up I
should like to vote for them, but I should
regret exceedingly to see the whole bill as a
bill go in force.
Mr. CAMERON. I renew my motion.
Mr. MORRILL,ofMaioe. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
been informed that the Senator from Connec-
ticut [Mr. Buckingham] closed his remarks
by moving to lay on the table. The Chair did
not hear that motion; but the Chair under-
stood the Senator from Pennsylvania withdrew
his motion to allow the Senator from Connec-
ticut and the Senator from North Carolina to
speak. The Senator from Pennsylvania renews
the motion that the conference report lie upon
the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was my pur-
pose to make a few observations; but as it is
evidently the desire of the Senate to vote and
not to talk upon the subject I will yield to the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SPENCER. Is the motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. SPENCER. I desire to make a few '
rBin&i'ks
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks that the question of laying
on the table be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. Does this motion carry the
bill to the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does lay the bill
on the table. The yeas and nays are ordered
on the motion.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HOWELL, (who had voted in the affirm-
ative.) On the main question in regard to this
bill I was paired with the Senator from Ne-
braska, [Mr. Thayer ;] and as this motion
involves that question, I desire leave to with-
draw my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote will
be regarded as withdrawn, if no objection be
made. It is withdrawn.
Mr. DRAKE. Upon this question I am
paired with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds.] He, if present, would vote in the
affirmative, and I should vote in the nega-
tive.
The result was announced—yeas 29, nays
16 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cole, Corbett, Gilbert,
Harlan, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont. Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomc-
roy. Rice, Robertson, Ross, Snwver, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, Warner, Wtlley, and Williams—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Conkling. Cra-
gin, Davis, Fowler, Harris. Howard, McCreery,Pratt,
Ramsey, Spencer, Spraguc, Sumner, Trumbull, and
"Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cattell,
Chandler, Brake, Edmunds, Fori ton, Ferry, Flana-
gan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Howe, Howell. Johnston, Morton, Norton,
Pool, Revels, Saul-bury. Schurz. Stockton, Thayer,
Thurman, Tipton, Yickers, and Yates—27.
So the motion was agreed to.
st. louis arsenal grounds.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask consent of
the Senate for perhaps three or four minutes
longer to put on their passage three small bills
that I think will pass without objection.
