1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3455
Department, and that they were authorized to
pay him without any special legislation. Mr.
Hats made his report to the committee. We
then instructed him to report the papers back
to the House, ask that the committee^ be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that they be laid upon the table; which was
done. That ended the connection of the commit-
tee, as well as of the House, with this matter.
Inasmuch as Mr. Hays had taken the papers
that were before the committee to the Fourth
Auditor of the Treasury that he might exam-
ine them, and had left them there, the Auditor,
properly or improperly, I do not know which,
sent the certificate of pay for Mr. Devine to
Mr. Hays. In some unaccountable way the cer-
tificate was detained in the mail for some two
weeks, during which time the Fourth Auditor
seemed to be interesting himself for this claim
agent, Mr. King—who may be just and honor-
able, as the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] says; I know nothing against
him—interesting himself to have the certifi-
cate returned to him, in order that he might
hand it to Mr. King, that the latter might toll
it, I suppose. Mr. Hays and I told them, when
we were inquired of, that we had seen no such
certificate; that at least it had not turned up.
In the mean time Mr. Devine had learned
from somebody, not from me, and I think
from no member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, but probably from Mr. King through
some claim agent in Cincinuati, that his claim
was about to be paid. He sent a letter to me,
as chairman of the committee, conjecturing, I
suppose, that it was to be paid through some
effort of the committee, giving express instruc-
tions that the certificate should be sent directly
to him at St. Louis, and not handed to any
claim agent here. Mr. Hays also received a
similar letter. The certificate at last turned up,
and Mr. Hays brought it to the committee, and
asked what he should do with it. We had the
instruction of the man to whom the money was
due not to hand the certificate, which was pay-
able to him, to another man whom he repudiated
as his agent. The committee unanimously
iecommended Mr. Hays to send the certificate
directly to Mr. Devine at St. Louis, and then
if he owed Mr. King anything for services Mr.
King and he could settle the matter between
themselves ; that the certificate having come
into his hands it was the only way in which he
could discharge his duty to this maa and the
Government.
Now, as to the article in the New York Star
about this matter, whether written or prompted
by Mr. King or not I do not know; but stating
his version of this matter, presenting his side
of the case as he repeatedly gave it, I naturally
conjectured, and so did Mr. Hays, that Mr.
King had instigated the article. But he denies
it. I can only say that whoever wrote that
article was not a man of the high character that
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] describes Mr. King to be. The author
of that article was not only malicious, but un-
truthful. He has stated a good many false-
hoods relative to Mr. Hays. All the alleged
facts stated in that article and bearing upon his
character are untrue.
I do not wish to say anything against Mr.
King, or to assail hhn in any way. The writer
of the article says that I treated him with rude-
ness. The only justification of that charge is
that after Mr. King bad written to me many
communications, had seen me very often, and
taken up more of my time than I thought he
was entitled to—after I had repeatedly told
him I had nothing to do with the matter, he
persistently urging me to see that this Treasury
certificate was put into his hands, I told him that
he might just as well go to anybody else as to
me; that I did not wish to have any controversy
with him about the case. This was the only
rudeness of which I was guilty. There might
have beeu some little impatience on my part,
hut I did not mean any rudeness. In anything
that I now say I intend no reflection upon Mr.
King. He may be an honorable claim agent
or a dishonorable one, so far as I know ; but I
do know that the conduct of Mr. Hays had the
| approval of all the gentlemen on the commit-
tee, and I believe it would receive the approval
of every just man acquainted with all the facts
in the case.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation, not connected
with the matter which has just been under
consideration. I will not occupy more than
three minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, in the course
of the debate on Bessemer steel, on the 4th of
the present month, I invited the attention of
the House to the fact that the St. Louis Dem-
ocrat had reiterated its assertion that I was
the owner of large iron works, and had added
thereto the equally false assertion that I was
one of the proprietors of the Bessemer steel
process. Believing that however indifferent I
! may be to mere personal slanders I had no
'■ right to allow a great cause to be injured by
assaults upon me, I deviated from my general
rule and brought the paragraph to the atten-
tion of the House. As the statement in that
paper was a reiteration and exaggeration of a
falsehood that had been retracted by its editor
after I had good-naturedly called attention to
' its absurdity, I denounced it as a lie, and
| named Colonel Grosvenor, the editor of the
paper, as the author. I wish to state as pub-
licly as I made the charge that I have a letter
from that gentleman, saying that he was not
• the author of the article, but that it was writ-
' ten by a young man temporarily filling his
I place while he was away, and inclosing an
extract from his paper contradictiug the iron
story, but making no allusion to that with
reference to the Bessemer steel process, thus
leaving his readers to believe that that por-
tion of the story is true. This may have been
an unintentional omission. But be that as it
may, I wish to give Colonel Grosvenor the ben-
efit of his denial. If I did him injustice in
charging the managing editor of the paper over
which he presides with the reiteration of a
falsehood, I wish the public to know that he
denies it, both in a letter to me aud in an edi-
torial, and that I accept his denial.
This is my personal explanation. It is made
rather in justice to another than to myself, for
I do not know that any one should apologize
for applying an epithet such as I did to the
managing editor of a paper which in its care-
fully-prepared leading articles applies such
epithets as "able-bodied liar" to that vener-
able scholar and thinker, Henry C. Carey.
CREW OF THE ONEIDA.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, and reports of a private nature are in
order from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am directed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to ask the House
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (S.
No. 788) for the relief of the widows and
orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States vessel of war Oneida, and
for other purposes.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
widow or child or children, and in case there
be no widow or child or children then the pa-
rent or parents, and if there be no parents the
brothers and sisters of the officers, seamen,
marines, and others in service who were lost
in the United States vessel of war Oneida on
the 24th of January, 1870, shall be entitled to
and receive a sum equal to twelve months' sea
pay of their respective deceased relations, in
addition to the pay due to the deceased at the
date of the loss of the vessel; and the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
are authorized to compute the pay up to and
including the 24th of January, 1870, the day
upon which the vessel was sunk in Yokohama
bay, Japan ; and the accounting officers are
also authorized, in adjusting the accounts of
such of the officers who were lost on board the
Oneida as were entitled by law or regulation to
examination for promotion, to allow them the
increased pay from the date they became enti-
tled to examination ; and the Secretary of the
Navy is authorized to issue the commissions
of those who were confirmed by the Senate.
The second section directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to settle, upon
the principlesofjusticeand equity, theaccounts
of the officers, sailors, marines, and others,
including captain's clerk, on board the Oneida,
and to assume the last quarterly return of the
paymaster of the vessel as the basis of compu-
tation of the subsequent credits to those on
board, to the date of such loss, if there be no
official evidence to the contrary.
The third section directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department to
settle the account of Thomas L. Tullock, jr.,
late paymaster in the Navy, who was lost in
the Oneida, with all his accounts and vouchers
for expenditures and payments made by him,
and with all the money, stores, and supplies
procured for the use of the vessel, and to allow
him a credit for whatever sum appears to be
due from him on the books of the Department.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
BUSINESS OF NAVAL- COMMIT TEE.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that Wednesday evening next
shall be set apart for the consideration of pub-
lic bills to be reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAWES. What bills?
Mr. SCOFIELD. One of the bills is for the
removal of the Brooklyn navy-yard. I do not
know what the House thinks of that bill, but it
is important we should know what the House
will do with it.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the Naval Committeej
as well as other committees, to feel the pres-
sure, so we may proceed regtilarly and rapidly
with the disposal of the public business.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER A. KAUTZ.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back House bill No. 685, for
the relief of Lieutenant Commander A. Kautz,
United States Navy, with the recommendation
that it do not pass; and the same, with the
accompanying papers, was laid upon the table.
CAPTAIN D0MINICK LYNCH.
i
Mr. FERRY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 80) for the restoration of Captain Domi-
nick Lynch, of the United States Navy, to the
active list from the reserved list, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the President of the United States to nom-
inate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate to appoint, Captain Dominick
Lynch to the active list of the Navy, with the
like effect as if said Captain Dominick Lynch
had been restored under the provisions of an
