1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4399
Now, you are to turn over the power which
the Congress making the law has always exer-
cised to the new Congress created by your
Secretary of the .Interior, and to whom, there-
fore, you must leave the settlement of any dif-
ficulty or wrong or injustice that may be done
to one State as against another for settlement.
That is not right. If the State of Indiana,
by any eiror or misconduct in this procedure,
is deprived of a Representative to which she
is entitled, and that Representative is given to
the State of Ohio, the Representative from
the State of Ohio, who is thus illegally brought
in, ought not to be the person to whom it
should be left to determine.
Mr. MORTON. Might not that be corrected
by the next Congress?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; the law does not
provide for any such correction.
Mr. MORTON. Might not Congress by a
new law correct it ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; very likely
they might. Congress can correct things by
new laws if they have the time to do so; but
this bill as passed by the House, and as you
have it reported and under consideration in
the Senate, does not provide for any report of
this procedure to be made to the present Con-
gress ; because this is the only Congress that
under the old census is to exist if this bill
passes. You give it the go-by entirely, and
provide by the bill a positive and final and
irrevocable adjustment which you leave, not
to those to whom the Constitution has left it
yourselves, as the makers of the law, but to
the subordinate agents of the Government, who
are to compose in their own way, and by that
of course I impute no wrong motive, but ac-
cording to their own sense of what is fit and
lawful, the next House of Representatives; and
you make no provision whatever for a report
to this Congress or a revision by it.
What is the excuse for this? Why, sir, it is
the same excuse that has existed, only it never
was thought of or offered before, since the
Government began; and that is, that popula-
tion has increased more in some States than
it has in others; and that it is theoretically
unjust, under the Constitution, that a moment
of time should intervene after that fact is ascer-
tained before you correct it. ^ So it was in 1800;
so it was in 1810, and so in 1820 and 1830
and 1840 and 1850 and 18G0; and yet through
all this history it has never been proposed, that
I can discover, certainly never been urged or
done, to arrange for the readjustment of Con-
gress until the tenth year upon which it had
started should have expired, and until there
could be a report to the Congress that had
pfovided for the census, in order that Congress
might provide, as it has in six out of the eight
censuses that have been taken, for the body
of men who were to succeed it, instead of
leaving it to the men who were to succeed it
to correct errors by which they themselves
might profit as between State and State.
These are facts, and nobody can question
them. Everybody knows them to be true. The
only fact upon which this procedure is urged
is the same fact that has existed since this
century began, of a change in population from
year to year and from State to State, accord-
ing to the various circumstances and consid-
erations that influence those effects. Now,
sir, it is wise when it has been found that the
Government has progressed in an orderly and
safe and peaceable manner under this^ method
of adjusting the delicate rights ot the States as
between each other, the great States as between
each other as well as the small ones and the
great, is it right and wise, without any new or
more urgent reason than we have ever had
before, to undertake to set aside this time-
honored and constitutional practice in order
' to gain for two years an additional strength of
• representation from States whose population
' has increased? It does not appear to me that
this is a procedure which will commend itself
■ very strongly to the good sense of the people
of the very States that are supposed to profit
by it.
My opinion is that the Constitution intended
that this readjustment of the powers of the
Government as between the States should
occur in periods of ten years. I do not mean
that that is the literal or necessary construc-
tion of the Constitution ; but I mean that that
is the fair construction of it, fortified as it
is by the constant and universal practice of
the Government. Certainly nobody will con-
tend" that this readjustment of the ratio of rep-
resentation is a thing that anybody but the
law-making power under the Constitution can
provide for. To be sure, we may delegate to
our servants, the executive officers of the Gov-
ernment, matters of detail and computation ;
but we cannot, in my opinion, constitutionally
confide to them the final process of taking the
census and then determining for themselves
finally and absolutely, as this bill on the face
of it proposes to do, how many Representa-
tives one State and another shall have for the
next ten years. It is, in my opinion, totally
beyond our power, and it ought to be, because
everybody can see if we once take the step, of
surrendering or delegating this power it will
be a precedent that will work infinite danger
to the Republic. The more numerous and
diversified and conflicting its interests may be
the more will be the temptation for some other
executive officer to provide for his own State
or some other, to the exclusion of those who
under the Constitution and under the true
application of the census laws, in exclusions
and inclusions, will be entitled to lights that
he will deprive them of; and that being done,
it will necessarily lead to commotion.
Then there is another difficulty which any-
body who has studied the history of this coun-
try and observed it will feel pretty heavily, it
seems to me, and a difficulty which, if in the
enthusiasm of a little temporary gain we shut
our eyes to and rim away from will come back
with hot haste to vex us. Thedistrict system,
as it is called, by which each territorial portion
of a State is entitled to a Representative of its
own, is a system that has been found to be
necessary in this Government for the due pro-
portion and balance of its powers ; necessary
to carry out the true constitutional theory in
the foundation of the Government, in the ap-
portionment of Representatives. I know that
was a mooted point for a long time in Con-
gress, although long before Congress acted
upon it, as it did in 1842 for the first time, a
great number of States, the greatest number
of them indeed, by far, saw that justice under
the Constitution could only be executed by
providing themselves for a district system ; and
so they did, but some did not. That led to the
act of of 1842, which provided for the district
system as against elections at large.
Any gentleman who will take the trouble to
look at the debates in Congress upon that sub-
ject will see that that party who then professed
to be the representatives of the true theory of
democracy resisted with all their power that
reform, threatened to resist by force in the
States, declaring that you could not coerce
them into obedience to any such law, and that
the law should not be obeyed. And yet a very
large majority of the Representativesof the peo
pie and of the States determined thou, by a law
which has grown into universal favor on all
sides among honest and thinking men, that
Representatives in Congress should be selected
by districts and not, otherwise. And so it has
been until in 18G2 it was found that the State
; of Illinois would be entitled to one farther Rep-
i resentativeou account of the large fraction over
I her proper proportion of population tiiau she
i had. ands«& silentio, withoutdiscussion audas
| a matter of small practical importance, it being
! only one case, she was allowed to elect a Rep-
resentative-at-large, and she has done so ever
since,
Nov/, you propose, and yon must do it if you
are to carry this thing out in this way, not only
to provide for an election-at-large for all the
increased Representatives, amounting, I be-
lieve, to over fifty members of Congress,-but
you also provide, as you must, (otherwise you
actually put a stop to the wheels of Govern-
ment,) that every State which loses shailalso
elect all its members-at-largeforthe next Con-
gress. What is the result? Why, the result is-
that a great contest in this country upon this
question of district representation, and after
a great victory for a sound and true constitu-
tional principle, one essential to the safety of
the Government, you yield to the small tempt-
ation of atwoyears' representation,andreverse
your practice, andflyin the face of your twenty
years' experience—in the face of the good
sense of all thinking men of all parties.
Is not that paying rather dear for a tem-
porary advantage? Can we afford, Mr. Presi-
dent, to attain what may seem to be a positive
present good in an increased representation of
our States that have an increased population
at the expeuse of denying and setting at defi-
ance a fundamental principle of constitutional
government that has been found essential to
the public safety, and turning loose again upon
Congress an election of Representatives-at-
large in more than half the States of the Union?
And if it should happen that that result should
produce a certain complexion of politics in the
next House of Representatives that body might
be disposed to extend your experiment a little
further, and to continue the representation at
large, in all the States that suited them at
least, forever, and thus throw us back for a
period of thirty years in our progress, until the
reaction of public sentiment could again briug •
us up to the point of security where we now
stand.
Mr. ROMEROY. They have got to get our
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That you easily provide
for. If you are to he tolled off for so small a
benefit as you are now it would not take much.
Mr. POMEROY. 'They have got to get a
law of Congress to-do that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps it might be del-
egated to the Secretary of the Interior, or some-
body, to provide for it. Now, Mr. President,
as a majority of the States are determined, in
violation of the whole history of the Govern-
ment, to do this thing now, the only right, way
is to do it man-fashion upon the principles we
have acted upon, and that is to require every
State Legislature to redistrict its State for the
next election. There is time enough to do it.
The next Congress does not begin until the 4th
of March, 1871, and if this is an object of suf-
ficient public concern to make it important to
take these extraordinary steps, is it not also
of sufficient public concern to warrant us in
saying to the Legislature of each State that
"Before this act goes into effect, and before the
4th of March, at a suitable season, you shall
redistrict your State according to the new enum-
eration of inhabitants, by contiguous terri-
tory of equal population, and then elect by dis-
tricts, and preserve the purity of the practice
of the Government." That is the right thing
to do, and at the proper time I shall move it.
That is all I wish to say upon this particular
amendment. I have not got the strength to
say any more now in fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. Before a division is taken
on that'I must be permitted to express my
very great surprise that the honorable chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee refuses to
accept it as an amendment to his amendment.
I ask for the reading of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois and then
mv amendment to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator fi ora
Illinois, and then the amendment to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Missouri.
The Chief Cmrk. It is proposed to amend
