4400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
the bill, commencing in the twenty-first line of
the first section, so as to read:
And if the representation of any State shall be
increased or diminished by such apportionment, any
additional Representative or Representatives of sucii
State so increased and all the Representatives of any
State so diminished in the Eorty-Second Congress
shall be chosen by the State at large, unless other-
wise provided by sueh State.
Mr. DRAKE. That is the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois. Now read my amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
that by adding thereto the words "but there-
after shall be elected by single districts."
Mr. DRAKE. I want the Senate to see just
exactly what I desire in connection with the
amendment, and then, if they do not think it
■worth while to adopt it, of course their judg-
ment is better than mine.
It will be remembered by gentlemen whose
memory goes back far enough in the political
history of this country that on one occasion
there was one State—I think there were two—
that elected members to Congress by general
ticket, in open defiance of the act of Congress
requiring them to be elected by single districts,
and that the members elected in such defiance
did force themselves, through the power of the
prevailing majority in the House of'Represent-
atives, then a Democratic majority, into the
House of Representatives, in defiance of law.
Now, sir, I wish to leave no room for a repeti-
tion of that scene in the history of this country.
This amendment of the Senator from Illinois
provides for an election by general ticket in
certain States for the Forty-Second Congress.
I wish simply to add to it the mandate that
thereafter they shall return to the district sys-
tem and leave nothing to be questioned here-
after ; and why the Senator will not accede to
it I cannot comprehend.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The simple reason why
I object to it is because it is wholly unneces-
sary, and I do not think it will make the law
any stronger to reenact it twice. If the House
of Representatives, as the judge of the elec-
tions and qualifications of its members under
the Constitution, sets aside one law I suppose
it. may do so again. The act of Congress now
requires the States to elect by single districts;
but we change it so far as to allow the election
at large of these extra Representatives to the
Forty-Second Congress, for reasons that I do
not want to go into again. That is all the
change we make. We do not change it in any
other way. The law is just as strong as we
can make it.
That is all I have to say, and I hope I have
not said anything to provoke debate, because
I consider it of so little importance as not to
be woith taking time about. My objection is
that it is reenacting the existing law.
Mr. DRAKE. I offered it from abundant
caution, and I should think the Senator might
exercise that abundant caution in view of the
past history of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for a division on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. On this question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Boreman. Buckingham,
Casserly, Corbett, "Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howell, Johns-ton, Mc-
Oreery, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pool, Pratt,
Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Stockton, 'Xhurman, Vict-
ors. and Warner—24.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, _ Bayard, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cole, Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan,Harris, Howard, Howe, Keilog?, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Bice,
Robertson, Ross, Sherman, Si>rague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Tipton, Trumbull, and lates—28.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cattell, ConklinB. Cragin, Ferry, Elana.gan, Fowler,
Lewis, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Revels, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Thayer, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us take a vote on
my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that at half past
four o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock, under the rule.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Before that mo-
tion the Chair will state that there is a message
from the President of the United States in
regard to Cuban affairs, of some length, which
he was about to submit to the Senate, the
reading of which may extend beyond half past
four.
Mr. POMEROY. Well, I will wait awhile.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] which was pre-
sented and reserved, pending which the Chair
will present a message from the President of
the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I hope it will be read.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that at the con-
clusion of the reading we take a recess until
half past seven o'clock, this being the alternate
day.'
Mr. RAMSEY. Can it not be printed ?
Why should it be read?
Mr. SUMNER. It ought to be read.
Mr. POMEROY. I mean that after the
reading, and the vote to print the document,
the recess shall commence.
Mr. DAVIS. I will remark that the object
of my amendment is attained by the votes
already taken, and I do not present it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the question will
be on the bill. Can we not get it through? Is
there any one who wishes to discuss it?
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont rose; to present an amendment,
apparently.
Mr. ED MUNDS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, so that if I should not be here this even-
ing it will be pending to be voted upon. I will
not occupy time in saying anything. In the
fourth line of the first section I move to strike
out "one" and to insert "three," which will
bring the Senate to a direct vote on the ques-
tion whether they are going to have this take
effect for the next Congress or in the regular
way. It will then read, "After the 3d of
March, 1873."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as pending, and the Secretary
will read the President's message.
AFI'AIltS IN CUBA.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate mid
House of Representatives :
In my annual message to Congress at the
beginning of its present session I referred to
the contest which had then for more than a
year existed in the island of Cuba, between a
portion of its inhabitants and the Government
of Spain, and to the feelings and sympathies
of the people and Government of the United
States for the people of Cuba, as for all peo-
ples struggling for liberty and self-government,
and said that "the contest has at no time as-
sumed the conditions which amount to war, in
the sense ot international law, or which would
show the existence of a de facto political organ-
ization of the insurgents sufficient to justify a
recognition of belligerency."
During the six months which have passed
since the date of that message, the condition
of the insurgents has not improved ; and the
insurrection itself, although not subdued, ex-
hibits no signs of advance, but seems to be
confined to an irregular system of hostilities
carried on by small and illy-armed bands of
men, roaming without concentration through
the woods and the sparsely-populated regions
of the island, attacking, from ambush, convoys
and small bands of troops, burning plantations
and the estates of those not sympathizing with
their cause.
But if the insurrection has not gained ground
it is equally true that Spain has not suppressed
it. Climate, disease, and the occasional bullet
have worked destruction among the soldiers
of Spain, and although the Spanish authorities
have possession ofevery sea-port and every town
on the island, they have not been able to sub-
due the hostile feeling which has driven a con-
siderable number of the native inhabitants of
the island to armed resistance against Spain,
and still leads them to endure the dangers and
the privations of a roaming life of guerrilla
warfare.
On either side the contest hasbeen conducted,
and is still carried on, with a lamentable disre-
gard of human life, and of the rules and prac-
tices which modern civilization has prescribed
in mitigation of the necessary horrors of war.
The torch of Spaniard and of Cuban is alike
busy in carrying devastation over fertile regions.
Murderous and revengeful decrees are issued
and executed by both parties. Count Valma-
seda and Colonel Boet, on the part of Spain,
have each startled humanity and aroused the
indignation of the civilized world by the execu-
tion, each, of a score of prisoners at a time ;
while General Quesada, the Cuban chief, coolly,
and with apparentunconsciousnessofaughtelse
than a proper act, has admitted the slaughter, by
his own deliberate order, in one day, of upward
of six hundred and fifty prisoners of war.
A summary trial, with few if any escapes from
conviction, followed by immediate execution,
is the fate of those arrested on either side, on
suspicion of infidelity to the cause of the party
making the arrest.
Whatever may be the sympathies of the peo-
ple or of the Government of the United States
for the cause or objects for which a part of the
people of Cuba are understood to have put
themselves in armed resistance to the Govern-
ment of Spain, there can be no just sympathy
in a conflict carried on by both parties alike
in such barbarous violation of the rules of civ-
ilized nations, and with such continued outrage
upon the plainest principles of humanity.
We cannot discriminate in our censure of
their mode of conducting their contest between
the Spaniards and the Cubans. Bach commit
the tame atrocities and outrage alike the estab-
lished rules of war.
The properties of many of our citizens have
been destroyed or embargoed, the lives of
several have been sacrificed, and the liberty
of others has been restrained. In every case
that has come to the knowledge of the Govern-
ment an early and earnest demand for repara-
tion and indemnity has been made, and most
emphatic remonstrance has been presented
against the manner in which the strife is con-
ducted, and against the reckless disregard of
human life, the wanton destruction of material
wealth, and the cruel disregard of the estab-
lished rules of civilized warfare.
I have since the beginning of the present
session of Congress communicated to the House
of Representatives, upon their request, an ac-
count of the steps which I had taken, in the
hope of bringing this sad conflict to au end,
and of securing to the people of Cuba the
blessings and the right of independent self-
government. The efforts thus "made failed,
but not without an assurance from Spain that
the good offices of this Government might still
avail for the objects to which they had been
addressed.
During the whole contest the remarkable
exhibition has been made of large numbers of
Cubans escaping from the island and avoiding
the risks of war, congregating in this country
at a safe distance from the scene of danger
and endeavoring to make war from our shores,
to urge our people into the fight which they
avoid, and to embroil this Government in com-
plications and possible hostilities with Spain.
It can scarce be doubted that this last, result
is the real object of these parties, although
carefully covered under the deceptive and
I apparently plausible demand for a mere reu-
! ognition of belligerency.
