1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
New, let u# say to those gentlemen who talk '
of the liible that they had better look at it a
little more, ami reail again in a new light a
little parable, beautiful as it is, that is so often
filed on this tioor without seeing its point. I
mean the parable of the prodigal son. Alter
he had eaten the husks that the swine fed
on and came to himself he said,  " I wilt arise
and go to my father's house, and will say unto
him: F#ther, I have sinned against Heaven
and before thee, and am no more worthy to be
called thy sonand he arose and went to his
father; but his tatfcer saw him afar off, and had
compassion. His father never heard him utter
the words " i will arise and go to ray father,
and say unto him: Father I have sinned against
Heaven and before thee." 1 lis father threw his
arms around his neck and kissed him; he
ordered the fatted calf to be killed and prep-
aration made for a teast, and never heard one
■word of penitence out of that boy's mouth.
Let them take these lessons home, and let this
Senate instead of throwing the words "rebel"
and •" rebels'' backward aad forward, and try-
ing to stir up the hostile feelings that were
created by the war, unite together as a band
of brothers and Christians and try to harmonise
the condition of things in the South, and to
restore this Union to what it onght to be, and
what it shall be if we do oor duty to ourselves
and to oar country. [ Manifestations of ap-
plause in the galleries. 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the motion of the
genator from New Jersey.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Mdittos) has not returned from
Indiaaapolis. He went there to attend the
State convention of the 1 Republican party, and
addressed them on Tuesday evening. That is
tlie reason he is not here to record his volt.
It he were here he would vote " no" upon this
question.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am requested by the 1
Senator from Ohio, Mr. Thckmajt, to state
that he was obliged to go to Annapolis this
morning, if he were here he would vote in
favor of the resolution.
Mr. SPENCER. I will state that my col-
leagae [Mr. Washer] is to-day ont of the city.
If he were here he would vote *'no" on this
resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 48; as follows:
YEA8—Bayard. Caxserijr, Davis, Hamil-
ton, MeCreery.SauUbury. o«i>ckto n, and Viekerv—8.
N A¥jJ— Messrs. A bott,Anlbob]r.B<>re miui,BroiTn-
low. Buckingham. Cameron, Carpenter, entailer.
Coie.Omkling. CorWt, Drake. Featon, Kerry, Fow-
ler.Oiibert. Natalia, Harlan. llarrie. Hows, Howell.
Kellogs, Lewis, .\Jci>o«aid. Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Njre,0«born, Posncroy, Pool, Pratt.
Ksmser. ltiee. ltoknttoo, Horn, Sawyer. Schurz,
beott. tiberinan. Speneer. Stewart, Seraner, Thayer,
Xipton, Trambail, Wilier, William«,and Wilson—18.
ABSENT—M«~"sr?.Cattell.Crasin. tdmunilg, How-
ard, Johnston, Morton. Norton, 1'atteroon, Sprajrue,
1 barman. Warner, and V ates—12.
Mr. WILSON. In presenting the credentials
of Mr. Revels I ask that they be read, and that
the oaths of office be administered to him. I
now make the motion that the oaths of office
be administered to him.
Mr. POMEROY. On that question of ad-
ministering the oaths I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any necessity
for a vote? Are not the oaths administered as
a matter of coarse?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There need not
be a vote taken if there should be no objec-
tion.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. It is a matted of form
unless there is a counter-motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not want any
vote abont it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If an objection will
put it to a vote, I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware objects; and that Senator and other
Senators gave notice before that they would
object at every stage.
Mr. POMEROY. Whenever there is aeon-
test it is customary to take a vote o  it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas demands the yeas and nays on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeas mid nays were ordered.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The manifesta-
tions of feeling in the galleries the last hour or
two have been so evident that the Chair is justi-
tiedin saying to persons of all shades of opinion
in the galleries that they are preseut under
the rules of the Senate and by its courtesy,
and whatever may be the result of this vote
and the action of the Senate, self-respect, as
well as respect to this body, demands that
there shall be no expressions of approval or
disapproval.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 48, nays 8; as follows:
YKAS — Mwsr*. Abliott, Anthony, Boreman,
Bronnlow. lluckinirtiaui. Cameron, Carpenter,
CliiunUur. Colu. I'unkliut;, Cor belt, Drake, Featon,
Ferry, Fowler, Cilbert, llatulin, Harlan, Harris.
Hone, llov.-ell, Kellogn, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill
of .Mitiue. Morrill of \ erioont, Nyo. Ojboru, Pome-
roy. i'oui. I'ratt^ Kauisey, llioe, .Robertson, Rosa,
S-iwyer, Sehuri, in-ott, Sherman. Spencer, Stowurt,
Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Trumbull, Willoy, Wil-
liam'. and Wilson—)!\
XAYS-il essrs. liuyurd, Casserly, Davis, Hamil-
ton. Met'reery.Suulsbury, Stockton, and Viekcrs—*.
AliSKNT — Messrs. L'attell, Cratrin, Kdmunds,
Howard. Johnston, Morton, Norton, Patterson,
^Prague, Tburiuan, Warner, and Vales—1J.
So the motion of Mr. Wilson was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator-
elect will present himself at the chair of the
Vice President to take the oaths of office.
Mr. Revels was escorted to the desk by
Mr. Wilson, and the oaths prescribed by law
haviug been administered to him, Mr. Rkvels
took his seat in the Senate.
MESSAGE PROM TUB I10USE.
A message from the Home of Representa-
tives by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) to pass to the
credit of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers the funds belonging to it
for the relief of sick and wounded soldiers.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1338) granting a pension
to Martha Davis;
A bill (H. R. No. 1339) for the relief of
Maria Lea;
A bill (H. R. No. 1340) granting a pension
to Sarah Barry, of Johnson county, Tennes-
see ; and
A bill (.H. R. No. 1541) granting an increase
of pension to Edmund Johnson.
REMOVAL OP DISABILITIES.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The funding bill
being the prior special order is now before the
Senate; and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] is entitled to the floor. *
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield to the Senator from Mis-
souri ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I yield to a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to withdraw the
motion I had entered yesterday to reconsider
the vote on concurring in the Honse amend-
ment to the disabilities bill. I withdraw that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts may withdraw, if there be
no objection, the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate concurred in the House
amendment to the bill (S. No. 430) to relieve
certain persons therein named from the legat
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes. The ;
Chair hears no objection ; and the motion is
withdrawn. The question is on the motion of i
the Senator from Missouri that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February '25, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. I'ruyer
by the Chaplain, Rev, J. (J. iii'Ti.Kii.
The Journal of yesterday was read utid
approved.
national education.
Mr. HOAR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced n bill (II. R. No. 1320) to establish n
system of national education ; which was read
a first and second time, velerred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, and ordered
to be printed.
amkiucax-bl'ilt ockan steamkis.h.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. U. No. 1:>27) to
encourage the building of lirst elass iron sti-iim-
ships, to aid in restoring the commerce of the
country, and to provide for carrying the mails
of the United States in steamships built and
owned by citizens of and sailing under tlie
flag of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. WOOD. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OP UON. PATRICK UAJIILL.
Mr. CESSNA. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to submit a report, with an
accompanying resolution, on which I demand
the previous question.
The report, which was read, recites that the
House, on the 5th of March, I860, adopted the
following resolution:
" Rttolwd, That Patrick IIamill, member-elect
from tho fourth district of Maryland, be now sworn
in, and that the papers filed in respect to hia cose
be referred to the Committee of Elections whoo
appointed."
The report further states that the papers
referred to in the resolution consisted of affi-
davits charging upon Mr. Hamill a want of
loyalty to tho Government of the United States
and sympathy with the rebellion; that these
papers were ex parte affidavits entirely, and ull
of them had been taken without notice ; that
the parties making the charges have never fol-
lowed them by any proof whatever, and there
was, therefore, no legal evidence before tho
committee to disqualify Mr. Hamu.l or show
that he is not eligible to the seat he now occu-
pies. The committee therefore submitted the
following resolution:
Jietolved, That the committee bo discharged from
the further consideration of tho subjeot.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dbparthbnt of justice.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Retrenchment,
a bill (H. R. No. 1328) to establish a Depart-
ment of Justice; which was read a first and
second time, recommitted to the Committee
on Retrenchment, and ordered to be printed.
elizabeth oec1i8lin.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1829) granting a
