554
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Ho. of Reps.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Kerr.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
voted there, and there was no disturbance. I saw
no reason why colored pcoplcshould not have voted
that day, according to their sentiments."
"Leo Perret:
" I live in the parish of Vermilion. I am forty-
one years of ago. I "was born and raked in this State.
1' have lived in Vermilion for eleven years. 1 teach
a public school there. I have always been a Demo-
crat. Ivcas in thowar for a few months—at the end.
I was taken by a squad of confederate soldiers. 1
do not know whether it was conscription, bat I was
forced to go in the army. That's ail. 1 am pretty
well acquainted with the people of the parish gen-
erally. I attended two political meetings during the
canvass. One of theva was a baibecue held on the
opposite side of the town of Abbeville, across the
bayou. It was attended by persons of both colors,
and was addressed by speakers of both colors. We
had three colored speakeis. The colored men were
treated very well there. There was no disturbance
there of any kind. The Democrats tried to convince
them, and told them that the Democratic party was
the party which they ought to follow, becauso thoy
were among us, and ought to vote like us, and the
colored men understood it was to their advantage to
do so. There was no unkind treatuiont of colorcd
luenin that parish. I havo heard of ono colored man
being killed some timo before the election, but X
think it was because ho had meddled with a white
woman, and the relatives of the woman were not sat-
isfied with it. I have heard that he was killed, and
the people thought that it was the relatives of that
woman who had dono it. 1 think he tried to have
her to live with him as his wife, and that led to a dif-
ficulty botwecn him and her family. I did not hear
of any otber negroes being killed, beaten, or abused
during the canvass. I never hoard of any being
threatened to bo discharged fro in einplovmont if
they did not vote the Democratic ticket. 1 voted at
Abbeville. It was very peaceable theio. I did not
hear of any disturbance at any of tho voting places.
There was no reason at all why everybody could not
voto according to his sentiment.
" Question. Did you hear anything of the Kuklux
there?
"Anirtoer. I do not know what it means. 1 hoard
there were Kuklux in homo places, but I did not
understand what was meant by it. and cannot under-
stand it. 1 did not hear of any Kuklux in this State.
"Question, Did you not hear ol them in Vcruniion-
\iHe?
"A twicer. No. 1 heard that there was a band of
young boys, about fourteen yoarsof ago, who went
about on horseback, in tho village, disguised. In tho
morning all tho negrooq and tho whito people in tho
(own knew who they wore, and they all laughed at
at it. That's alh
'* Question. Thoy wero out playing Kuklux ?
"A nt/icer. Y es. That is all I hoard of it.
" Question. Did you hear of tho killing of the judge
and sheriff m St. Maiy'a parish?
"Answer. Yes. sir.
" Question. Did you not hoar that tho Kuklux did
that?
N<\ sir.
" Question. Who did you hear did it?
"Answer. I cannot toll who did it. 1 am not in
that parish. 1 havo heard that somo porsons wero
arrested and brought to New Orleans about it, but I
am not acquainted wilh tho peoplo of that parish.
I do not meddle with polities at ail. I just attend
i<> wv bus-inohS. 1 am now rccoidor of the paiMi of
Vcnriilionville. I was elected in -April, IStJS. I
received, I think, live hundred odd voles. My ma-
jority was a bundled and iorty odd. 1 ran on tho
Democratic ticket "
]\trishaf La /'ayett''.
"James Fry:
"I reside in La Fayette parish, [ havo resided
thereabout two yeais and a half. I first came as
chairman of tho board of registrars under the ap-
pointment of General Sheridan. I was afterward
appointed by General Mower sheriff of that parish.
I continued acting as sheriff until May, 1803. Dur-
ing tho war I was a soldier in tho Federal Army.
Question. What was tho condition of tho parish
at.theNovcmber election, and for six months prect*J-
mfj it?
* Answer. 11 was quiet in every respect.
"Question. Did you hear of any fraud or violence
uriod by Democrats to control the votes of frecdmen?
"Aimoer. No, sir.
"From May until November, 1868, t was engaged
us a merchant in tho parish. 1 was appointed by the
last chairman of the board of registrars as one of tho
commissioners of election. I was chairman at one
of the polls, and conducted the election at that poll.
It was the fourth precinct. Everything was peace-
able and orderly there. Everything was peaceable
and orderly at the registration in tho parish, and
a bo at the election. I did not hear of anybody being
discharged from service because ho refused to vote
tho Democratic ticket. I did not hear of anybody
being threatened to be discharged for that reason
1 did not hear of anybody being killed or maltreated
in that parish on account of politics. I am acquainted
with the people in the parishes of St. Martin, St.
Mary, and Vermilion.
"Question. What was t heeondition of those parishes
a? to peaco and order?
"Answer. There w;i« nothing but peace and order
in any of those parishes. I ofrcn passed through
them on my way to and from New Orleans. 1 was
known as a federal officer, as a man who had not
been raised in that country; but I was taken by tho
hand by tho best citizens and treated as a gentleman
in every respect.
44Question. Iftherebadbeen any such disturbances
in those parishes, would you havo hoard of them?
"Anstver. I think that if there were any disturb-
ances I would probably bo one of the first to be
marked out. 1 would have heard of such disturb-
ances most certainly.
"Question. Did you hoar of any riots preceding
or on the dav of election in either of those parishes?
"Answer. No, sir.
''Question. Do you think it was safe for men of all
parties, and of all political views, peaceably and
orderly to havo gone to tho election and have voted
in La Fayette and the other parishes?
44Answer, Yes, sir; it was possible even for a child
to go there.
"During the canvass preceding the presidential
election 1 was not engaged in politics. I did not
visit any of tho parishes on political business. I
merely talked with thepoopleincidentally. Ioannot
say how many persons I talked with in tho parishes
of St. Mary and St. Martin on political subjects? I
do not presume that I met less than twenty-five or
thirty persons from thoso parishes whom I have
talked with. I was not m the habit of talking about
politics. I did not mix with politics. It was with
white men that I talked mostly. I left New Yorkin
November, 1863, in the one hundred and seventy-
third regiment. 1 was a New York man before the
war. I was known in tho parishes to havo been
in the Union Army. I went there in tho first raid
with General Banks, and they all knew mo when I
came back.
" Question. Were you a Democrat or a Republican
at the last el eetion ?
"Answer, I was a Democrat.
" Question. Aro yon known as such?
"Atuwer. I have not expressed my feeling-!, for I
have not mixed up with politics. Tho colorcd men
do not know what I am. Somo of tho white peoplo
think me a Republican and somo think me a Dem-
ocrat. 1 keep my opinions to myself. 1 voted for
Seymour and Blair. 1 was not at any other point in
tho parish except the fourth precinct, whero I was
chairman, on the day of election. I took no part in
the proceedings of cither party. I was not a mem-
ber ot the committees on cithersido. Itwasmydutry
as an oflicer of election not to take an active part on
eilher side. 1 have heard of the trouble in St. Lan-
diy. I have not heard much of tho tioubles in St.
Bernard. 1 havo hoard ol tho troubles in New Or-
leans, 1 havo not hoard much of tho troubles in
UosMpr.
" Question. Do you not know that there was a gen-
eral state of apprehension on the part ol negroes in
that region of tho State proofing tho November
election?
"Answer. No, sir; I do not. I livo ten miles from
tf.io town, and keep a little stoic. I havo heard of
tho Kuklux up there, but as a farce. I did not be-
lieve it. 1 havo hoard tho negroes talking about
them. 1 have not heard of theKnightsof the White
Camolia. I wax not a member of that order, and
was never invited to joiu it."
" F, Martin:
111 livo in tho parish of La Fayette; I have lived
Micro all my life. I am deputy sheriff of the paiish ;
1 was deputy sheriff at tho Novcmoer election; I
ain well acquainted with tho people of the parish,
■white and black. Kverything was quiet in the parish
on tho day of election ; 1 was out in the country at
the polls through tho best part of the forenoon, and
1 arrived in tho tow a ot Vermilionviile about
twelve o'clock. Things at tho precinct where X
spent the day wero quiet; I did not hear .of any dis-
turbances ; I did not witness or hoar of any violenco
or intimidation being used by Democrats to make
negroes voto tho Democratic ticket at any point in
tho parish of Rapides. If it had occurred I believe
that 1 would have heard of it.
"Question. Did you hear any one, white or black,
say after tho election that he or any one else had.
been intimidated at the election or before it and
hod boon made to vote tho Democratic ticket?
"Answer. No, sir; no oneevor told mo so ; I never
saw any Kuklux in La Fayctteparish; I never con-
vened with any one who believed in the existence
of tho Kuklux in that parish; I am acquainted
with Achillo Francois, who testified yesterday; I
saw him almost every day out in the town of Yer-
milionviHc,
"Question. Arc you not considered by the colored
peoplo in tho parish as the best friend they have
there?
"Answer. I should judge so; they voted for me.
" Question. Ilavo they not such confidence in your
kinduess to them that if anything liko intimidation
had been practiced on them, or if they had been
threatened with a view to control their votes, they
would havo mentioned it to you?
"Answer. I think they would have mentioned it
to me. They know that I am deputy sheriff there.
'k Question. Do not the people there look upon you
really, tor all practical purposes, as thesheriff of tho
pa rich ?
Yes, sir.
** Question. Did you ever hear Francois say that ho
was about to leave the parish because he was afraid
to live there ?
"Answer. No,sir; 1 never heard him say so.
" Question. Do you believe that he was in danger?
" vlrtswr. No, sir; he may have believed it him-
self, but I saw no danger there to him.
" Question. State all that you know in reference to
the murder of the colored man J"oe in that parish.
" Answer. The morning that I heard of his being
killed I went into town, and, as wo have no coroner
in tho parish, I went to the magistrate and told him
that I thought was his duty to go and hold an
investigation. "We went out together in my bugsy
to the cabin where tho boy was killed, and he pro-
ceeded to have a jury called up. There was a writ of
arrest issued there against some parties, and it was
handed to me. and I went and arrested tne parties.
"Question. Do you know whether politics had any-
thing to do with the murder of Joe?
"Answer. No, sir; Joe had gone into tho town of
St. Martinsville, and had some difficulty there with
somebody. Iiewas killed about a month before the
November election. I heard of one more homicide,
in the case of Emilio Brow. I believe that itwa* on
the limits of St. Landry and La Fayette parishes.
I do not know by whom he was killed; it was not the
impression that hewas killed on account of polities.
"Question. Is Mr. Hireart one of the leading coi-
orcd Republicans in the parish?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. Mr. Hireart has stated in his testimony
that he could not go to that parish because he was
in danger of his life, lias he returned to the parish
since he gave his depositions before the commis-
sioner?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I did not hear of anybody offer-
ing him any violence or making any threats against
him. lie spoke to me about it himself, and 1 told
him that he was in no danger at all. Mr. Landry is
sheriff of La Fayette parish. He ran on the Demo-
cratic ticket. James Fryran against him. I believe
ho was a Federal officer. Mr. Fry got very few col-
ored votes. Mr. Landry got nearly all tho colorcd
votes at the election.
4' Question. Was any violenco used at that election
to secure thoso colored votes for Mr. Landry ?
"Answer. No, sii; none at all. I was the man who
electioneered for him. lie did not do anything him-
self. Mr. Landry is extremely popular among tho
froodmen in tho parish/'
"Thco&nlo Hebert:
"I live in La fayette parish; I am twenty-eight
years of age; 1 was born hero, aud have lived here
all my life. I was in tho war on the side of the con-
federacy. I held no commission in tho army. I
follow the principles of tho Democratic party, but
never mixed much in politics. I was in that parish
during tho last canvass. I am pretty well acquainted
with thcpeopleofthe parish, both coloredandwhitc.
"Question. What was tho stato of that pariaii
during that time as to peace and order?
"Answer. All tho people were quiet and living in
peace. I heard that itwas the quietest parish in the
State. I saw some public meetings, br<£ there wore
never any fights or trouble at them. I saw pubLt
meetings, both of white and black. They never had
any fights. They had somo Democratic meetings and
somo Radical meetings. lattendedsomeDomoeratic
meetings. They wero peaceable and orderly. Isaw
no fights thero of any kind. Tho colored men were
treated well. There wereDemocraticbarbecues,&nd
I saw no dificrence between tho treatment of the col-
orcd men and tho whites at thoso barbecues. They
all ate together. Thero wero no tdblcs. Every one
just took a picce of meat and bread and ate it whore
lie pleased. I did not loarn that anyone was treated
unkindly. I heard of no fights in the parish. I heard
of some white men being killed, and somo colored
men too. It was reposed that a colored man by the
name of Joo was killed. That is all I know about it.
The rumor was that ho was killed because he had
threatened to shoot some one in St. Martinsville, f
do not know by whom howas killed. He was killed
at his own place. 1 heard that hewas a sort of leader
among tho colorcd Republicans. I heard him say so
himself.
'4 Quest ion. Do you know of any colored men hav-
ing been threatened with violence if they did not
vote the Democratic ticket?
"Answer. JSo, sir. I heard a good many advi>e
them to vote the Democratio ticket, because tho
Democrats all helped thera, and because they had to
depend upon them for plows and horses and every-
thing. 1 heard that on several occasions the Demo-
cratic meetings wero attended by men of both color*
and were addressed by men of both colors. I saw a
number of them at those places.
Question. Did you ever hear that any colorcd man
was compelled by force or by fear of danger to voto
the Democratic ticket?
**Artsu>/v. No, sir.
'* Question. Did any colored man ever tell you that
he was afraid to vote the Republican ticket ?
"Answer. No, sir. I never spoke to any one on
the subject, except to one man, named Simon, a
wagoner, lie told me that he was a Radical, and
that he intended to vote the Itadical ticket. 1 asked
him, 'Why do you not stick to your own people
here? There are a good many people here running
for office, men who are helping to support you aii
along.' lie toid me, *No, I am a Radical, and wil>
die a lladical.' I said, 'All right; go along.'"
4> Duncan Greij;:
"Question. Do you know of any violence having
been offered to colored men in order to control their
suffrages or votes?
"Answer. I do not. I do not know of any disturb-
ance in the parish of any sort, or ot any violence
being used to control or intimidate colored men,
either at she noils or before the election.
