5844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will let us
go on with the Australian steamship bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts is recognized.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
jointresolutioti No. 805, concerning thearsenal
grounds at St. Louis, Missouri.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 305) concerning arsenal
grounds at St. Louis, Missouri, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It. proposes to
amend the acts of 28th July, 1808, and 3d
March, 1869, in relation to the saleof St. Louis
arsenal, so that the portion of ground to be
granted for the erection of a monument in mem-
ory of the late Brigadier General Nathaniel
Lyon shall embrace all the ground lying be-
tween Carondolet avenue and Fourth street, as
laid down on the plat of the ground now in the
Orduance Office; that all thoground aud build-
ings thereon lying between Seoond street and
the river be reserved for such use as the interest
of the Army may require; and that the re-
mainder of the ground, lying between Second
and Fourth streets, be sold at public auction
in the manner prescribed by ttie act of 28th
July, 1868, and the proceeds of the sale paid
into the Treasury of the United States. The
corporate authorities of the city of St. Louis
are to have the privilege of purchasing the
ground at an appraised value before the sale,
the appraisement to be made by two persons
to be selected by the Secretary of War, and
two by the corporate authorities; the four
appraisers to select an umpire in case of dis-
agreement, but the result to be subject to the
approval of the Secretary of War.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, lead the third time, and passed.
1'OUT PORTKR.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 290) authorizing the improve-
ment, of the groundsowned by the United States
in the city of Buffalo, New York, known as
Fort Porter.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. It, giants per-
mission to the city of Buffalo, iu the State of
New York, thioughits park commissioners, to
improve and beautify the grounds known as
Fort Porter, situated in that city, and belong-
ing to the United States, in connection with a
pu blic park to be laid out on land adjoining the
grounds, the plans for the same to be approved
by the Secretary of War. But, this resolution
is not to be construed to pass any title in the
grounds, but their ownership and control arc
to remain entirely in the United States, and bo
subject to such changes and uses for military
purposes as the Secretary of War may direct.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
MASSACHUSETTS HEAVY ARTILLERY.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to put another joint
resolution on its passage. There is a report
accompanying it which is brief. It was recom
mitted once ior a report. I move to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 145.
The motion was agreed t,o : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. II. No. 145)
for the relief of the first battalion heavy artil-
lery of Massachusetts volunteers. It provides
that the first battalion heavy artillery of Massa-
chusetts volunteers shall be placed on an equal
footing with volunteers as to bounties, and that
all laws relating to bounties be applicable to
them as to the other troops of a similar char-
acter referred to in joint resolution No. 54,
approved July 13, 1868.
Mr. WILSON. There is a report now show-
ing that they were enlisted like other troops.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
AUSTRALIAN STEAMSHIP LINE.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
736) to authorize the establishment of ocean
mail steamship service between the United
States and Australia, which was up last night
when we adjourned.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 14 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. POMEROY called for theyeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn. It is ten o'clock.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART. I ask permission to make
a report. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Judiciary to report back the bill (S.
No. 1025) to divide the State of Tennessee into
two judicial districts, reported with an amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 1G, noes 13; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 8, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. G. Bltler.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
OOIUSKCTION OF Till! .JOURNAL.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to correct
the .Journal. It is stated that a resolution was
offered in the contested-election case of Cam-
eron vs. Hoots, from the first district of
Arkansas, which was adopted by the House.
The fact is, I repotted from a special commit-
tee, of which I am a member, a resolution in
that case, a nd a^ked that it be laid on the table,
to be called up for action on some day during
the session. I should like to have that reso-
lution disposed of this morning. Mr. Cameron
began the contest at the coi>imeneenu>nl of this
Congress, but he has not prosecuted it, and I
do not know there is to lie any farther prosecu-
tion of the contest,. If there is not, and if there
is no gentleman in this House who knows any
reason why that case should not be hud o:i the
table, 1 think it would be better to dispose of it
now. I move that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and also moved that, the motion to
reconsider be laid on the Ubie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM T1IH StiNATE.
A message from the Senate, by ?tlr. Html*-
sox, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, joint
resolutions and bills of the House of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2353) to create a port of
delivery at Pnluth, Minnesota;
A bill (II. II,. No. 1883) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, anil repairs
of certain fortifications and other works of de-
fense for the fiscal year ending June o0, 1871;
A joint resolution (H. H. No. 200) authoriz-
ing the improvement of the grounds owned by
the United State., in the city of Buffalo, New
York, known as Fort Porter; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 805) concern-
ing arsenal grounds at St. Louis, Missouri.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles, severally, with amendments:
in which the concurrence of the House wus
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1533) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending-
June 30, 1871; and e
A bill (H. R. No. 1705) to fix the time for
the election of Representatives and Delegates ;
in the Congress of the United States.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills and a joint resolution of
their own of the following titles, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
A bill (S. No. 924) making a grant of lands
to the North Louisiana and Texas Railroad
Company to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Vieksburg, Mississippi, on the Mis-
sisippi river, to the Texas State line;
A bill (S. No. 1047) to extend letters-patent
granted to John Bachelder; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 145) for the
relief of the first battalion of heavy artillery of
Massachusetts volunteers.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the bill (11. R. No. 1533) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 80, 1871, which has been returned
from the Senate with amendments;_ and to
move that it, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
PETITION Or LABORERS'.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask leave to present the
petition of nine hundred and fifty colored
laborers of this city, praying for justice and
fair play at the hands of the authorities of
this city in the employment of laborers upon
the public works of the city, and protesting
against any discrimination against them on
account of race or color. I ask its reference
to the Committee on Education and Labor,
and that it be printed in she Globe.
Mr. INGERSOLL. May not the petition
be presented under the rules?
The SPEAKER. It eannotbe printed with-
out a motion.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it meant that employ-
ment shall be given without distinction of color
or race? I move to put in the Chinese.
Mr. JULIAN. I make the motion which I
have just indicated.
Objection was made.
REMOVAL 05 DISABILITIES.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to ini reduce a bill to remove the disabilities of
\V. C. WhiU'aorue, and A. O. P. Nicholson,
of Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to that,
Mr. ARNELL. I move to suspend the rules,
in order that this bill may be passed.
The question was put on suspending the
rules ; and there were—ayes 70, noes 47.
So (two thirds not voting iu the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
PORT Ot'PtC'K APPROPRIATION TiTT.L.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present the following report of a com-
mittee of conference:
Tho committee of eonfcrcitre on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (Ji. K. 1828) making appropriations for the
service ot'the Post Otiice Dep.rUmeut duung tlieiis-
c:i! year ending June til), 1S71, havmot, after to!'
and fieo conference have agreed to recommend,
and do reeommend to their redeemc Houses, as
fojtows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of tile Senate,
and agree to the same.
II. L. DAWK'S,  
T. V. TKBEY,
LiiOXARl) Jli'EES,
Monrtga-s ov fhl pint of the House. '
L. 21. MORRILL,
A.tl.TilUKMAN,
ALi;.YAN'DiSR RAMSEY,
Manocjui s on the pert of the. Ornate.
The report, of the committee of conference
v.'.'v, agieed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
1 by which the report of the committee of con-
