1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2513
of this kind, which involve so much labor, are
to be manufactured at all, they cannot be
placed on a level with cotton cloth. If the
proposition had come from a member who had
uot_ examined the question I should not have
noticed it. If the gentleman means to say that
he wishes to destroy this interest, then let him
take that ground, and not undertake to say that
it shall be placed on a level with cotton cloth.
Either cotton cloth is very much too high, or
else this article is not high enough. It is
simply a question of protecting the labor of
our own country.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I moye to
amend the amendment by striking out "5
cents" and inserting "4 centsand 1 do it
for the purpose of replying to the two gentle-
men from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes and Mr.
Wasiiuurn] who speak of the protection ne-
cessary to labor. This is a mathematical prop-
osition. There are 2,600,000 seamstresses in
this country, women who need spool cotton at
the lowest possible price, which would be about
half the price that is now paid to those who are
deriving a bounty from this protective tariff.
There are perhaps 10,000 laborers engaged in
producing spool cotton, and for the benefit of
those 10,000 menyou double the tax on 2,500,000
women!
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman think it
will help the women who use this thread to
send them abroad after their thread, to depend
upon those who make it by the labor of females
and males at 50 per cent, less than their pay is
here ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What, good
does it do to the people of Missouri and Ala-
bama  
Mr. DAWES. 1 have the floor and I do not
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I beg the
gentleman's pardon ; 1 have the floor, and I
propose to answer his question.
MY. DAWES. Very well; do it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What good
does it do to the seamstresses of Alabama and
Georgia and Missouri and Iowa and Kentucky
to pay double the price for their spool cotton
from Massachusetts or Rhode Island—double
what would be the price of spool cotton from
Europe?
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman has now
done, I wish to say to him that they pay not
one penny more on the 100 spools for spool-
cotton thread made in Massachusetts and in
Philadelphia. Spool thread made here costs
not one mill more under this protective tariff
than it did without it. But the gentleman
proposes to pur. the females who use this thread
upon a level with those on the other side of
the water, whoget50per coal. a day less wages
than they get hero.
Mr. BilOOKS, of New York. Better wages
than they now get in Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. He proposes to make one
common level. I am not of that kind. 1 pro-
pose to have a standard of our own; to have
our industries regulated not by prices paid on
the other side of the water. J am not in favor
ot the British standard either of manufacture
or labor. I am for an American standard all
through, both of wages and of manufactured
articles. That is the difference between the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bbooks] and
'myself. I am willing he should enjoy the antici-
pation of bringing them all upon the same
level.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to have the pend-
ing paragraph disposed of, and then 1 will
move that the committee rise.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment. moved by Mr. Brooks, of New York, to
make the duty I cents instead of 5 cents per
dozen spook ; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute
"moved by Mr. Allisox for the paragraph as
amended.
41sx Oonu, 2d Bess.—No. 158.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the substitute.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. COX. I think the gentleman cannot
make that motion while I have the floor. I
want to finish up this matter of spool thread.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would move that the
committee rise if I could cut the thread of the
spool of argument of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. Not yet. I want to say that the
seamstresses of Connecticut are 'now making
new Democratic shirts for the Democracy of
that State, and shrouds for the Republicans.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. They will have to get foreign
thread to do that with ; they will not do it with
American thread.
_Mr. COX. 1 think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] who
is generally so orderly, is getting to bo a little
unruly of late and should be called to order. I
hope the Chair will make an example of him.
[Laughter.]
Now, about this three-corded spool cotton.
In I860 it sold for 47 cents per dozen spools,
and now if it were free of duty it could be sold
for 40 to 42 cents per dozen.
Mr. D AWES. I suppose (he gentleman has
another importers' bill there. «>
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I will have to
read the riot act on the gentleman if he does
not keep quiet. [Laughter.]
The price which seamstresses have to pay
for this three-corded stuff, which is a poor arti-
cle compared with the six-corded spool cotton,
as I have shown—-
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] has not yet proposed any
amendment. Debate on the pending amend-
ment has been exhausted.
Mr. COX. Well, I move to make the duty
■1 cents a dozen.
Mr. MAYNAIiD. I rise to apointof order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MAYNAIiD. My point of order is that
the proposition of 4 cents duty per dozen has
already been moved and rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COX. Well, I will move 3 cents, or 4
cents, or somewhere about that. [Laughter.]
Or, if it will better please the fastidious gentle-
man, I will move to make it 3$ cents per
dozen. I want the people of this country to
have a little satisfaction from their work.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. My point of order is
that members who are now standing should be
seated, so that we may hoar the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cos.]
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken. Gentlemen who are standing in
the aisles will please be seated.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to another point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. CONGER. My point of order is that
the House directed that this committee should
rise at five o'clock, and it is now after that
time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
recollect any order of the House to that effect.
Mr. SCHENCK. I stated before the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
that I would not ask for an evening session if
we could remain in Committee of the Whole
upon this bill till five o'clock; and I would
have moved five minutes since that the com-
mittee rise if I could only have broken the
thread of the spool of argument which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] seems
determined to unwind here.
Mr. COX. Very well; I will.yield for a
motion that the committee rise,
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee accordingly rose ; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, -Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, according
to the order of the House, had had under con-
sicbration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend /
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION Bill,.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 1356, making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriation for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June SO, 1870, and for other pur-
poses, were taken from the Speaker's table,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to bo printed.
lhaye of absence.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
was granted leave of absence for ten days.
additional members 01? commi'l'tises.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the following additional members of
committees :
Committee on Commerce — W. T. Clauk, of
Texas.
Committee on Indian Affairs — Ebward
Deobnbr, of Texas.
Committee on iVeedmen's Affairs— J. C.
Coxner, of Texas, and George E. Harris,
of Mississippi.
Committee on Invalid Pensions —J. W.
Whitemoue, of Texas.
Committee on llailviays and Canals ■—
George E. Harms, of Mississippi.
Mr. ICELSEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, S'J'C.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENNETT; A petition from several
thousand citizens of Buffalo, New York, ot'
Irish nativity, now citizens of the United States,
praying for industrial protection.
By Mr. BOYD: The memorial of Mills &
Brown and others, of Lamar, Missouri, pro-
testing against the passage of the Senate fund-
ing bill.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of Leon
Abbott and others, members of the bar of New
York city, praying for the passage of the bill
to regulate the iees of attorneys, &c., m the
United States circuit and district courts.
By Mr. CONNER; A petition of citizens
of Lavacca, Texas, asking for a repeal of the
duty on pig lead.
By Mr. GRISWOLD: The petition of My-
gatt & Brunden and others, of Coxsackie,
Greene county, New York, to abolish the duty
on importation of pig lead.
Also, the petition of Calvin E. Roach and
others, of Hoosick Falls, Rensselaer county,
New York, to abolish the duty on pig lead.
By Mr. HILL: A petition of 1,300 citizens
of Newark, New Jersey, asking for the entire
abrogation of the income tax as unnecessary,
unequal, and oppressive.
By Mr. PACKER: A petition of the ofu-
cersand members of the Cigar-Makers Union
No. 116, of the city of Harrisburg, lennsyl-
vania, praying for the repeal of the proviso to
the eighty-seventh section of the net of fiuy
20, 1868, and that a tarilf of three dollars per
