1870.
THUS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1569
pension to Elisabeth Oechslia, widow of Mein-
rad Oechslin, late of company K, twenty-sev-
enth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
tax on fruit distillation.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas complaints are made to Congress by grape
•ml other fruit growers that their interests have
greatly suffered, and now suffer, from the operation
of existing statutes designed for grain-distillers, and
applied unnecessarily and disastrously to the dis-
tiller? of grape brandy:
lie it resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Cleans beiustructed to inquire into the expediency of
providingseparatelegislationforthetaxation offruit
distillation, and especially if the latter interest can-
not bo properly relieved of the capacity andj>er diem
tax, and from regulations not properly applicable
thereto orneededfor thesafety ot the public reveuue.
0. s. LKAV1TT.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to present in open House a memorial of
0. S. Leavitt, of Louisville, Kentucky, and to
move that it be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KBLLEY. I object to the printing.
The memorial was received, aud referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
w. c. WRIUHT.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1330) for the relief
of \V. C. Wright; which was read a first and
second time, aud referred to the Committee of
Claims.
a. f. u'illllan.
Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1331) for the relief of
A. F. McMillan; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
bridge across niagara river.
Mr. BENNETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to report from the Committee on
Commerce, for action at this time, a bill to
authorize the construction and maintenance of
a bridge across the Niagara river.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
church at harper's ferry.
Mr. McGREW, by snaaimoas consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 13S2) for the relief
of the trustees of the Methodist Episcopal
church at Harper's Perry, West Virginia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
mercantile marine.
Mr. REEVES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a resolution in reference to the memo-
rial of -the National Board of Trade, concern-
ing the supply of American seamen for the
mercantile marine; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
amendment of the bankrupt law.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 13S3) to amend an act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States ; which was read
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Revision of the Laws of the United
States, and ordered to be printed.
port clinton harbor, ohio.
Mr. DICKINSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1334) making an
appropriation for the construction of a harbor
at Port Clinton, Ohio ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider all
the votes of reference; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the amendments reported by the Committee
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 99.
of the Whole on the state of the Union to the
bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the
80th of June, 1871.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to move an amendment to the
following additional section to the bill adopted
yesterday:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That all nets and
parts of acts, and joint resolutions and parts thereof,
making appropriations for an unlimited period, and
in which no amount is named, known as "indefi-
nite appropriations," and all acts and joint resolu-
tions or parts thereof, and all resolutions of cither
House of Congress granting extra or additional com-
pensation or pay, be, and the sumo arc hereby, re-
pealed, to take effect at the close of the present
fiscal year.
It is thought that the phraseology of the sec-
tion may carry it, beyond the intention of the
Committee on Appropriations, and 1 therefore
move to strike out the words " or additional."
Those words possibly may be construed to apply
to a case where Congress has by act added to
the salary of a judge. If so, it goes beyond
the intention of the committee. The object of
the amendment was to bring to the notice of
the Houso all those who draw pay by indirec-
tion, if I may use that word, part out of one
fund and part out of another, so they may be
provided for by direct and specific appropria-
tion. If there be any chance that they will
strike down regular salaries established by law,
or where salaries have been added to at any
time, I hope these words will be stricken out.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] whether
that proviso restores the old compensation of
$3,000 a year to members of Congress ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not think it does. It
cannot possibly do so, for by law the salary of
members of Congress is established at $5,000.
The amendmeut was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole,
on which a separate vote was not asked, were
agreed to. The Clerk will report the first of
the amendments, on which a separate vote was
asked, being that making an appropriation for
the bureau of education.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of education :
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; oneelerk,
at SI,809; one clerk, at $1,600; one clerk, at $1,400;
one messenger, at $840; stationery, $600; library,
$1,000; collecting statistics and writing and compil-
. ins matter for annual and special reports, $3,000;
1 contingencies, $1,260; in all, $14,500.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House voted on this
amendment, and the Chair decided that the
ayes had it; and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] called for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and #ays, there were—r
ayes 17; not being one fifth of a quorum.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. I call for a division on the
amendment. I believe the House did not
divide on it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
There was a division yesterday, and the yeas
and nays were called for.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Journal, on examination, is found to make
no such record.
Mr. HOLMAN. It so appears in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Globe is not a record
of the proceedings of the House, and the Chair
has informed the House that the Journal makes
no such record.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Cannot the Journal be
corrected by the House?
The SPEAKER. The Journal has been
approved. The point of order of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is overruled.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair? Was the Journal fully read?
The SPEAKER. The Journal was fully
read. If the gentleman had been in his place
he would have known th^t it was read.
The question being put on agreeing to the
amendment, there were, on a division—ayes
55, noes 52; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Garfield of Ohio and Mr.
Holman were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported ayes 73, noes 37.
Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. ELDRIDGE de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. Before the question is
taken, the Chair will further state that the
Globe does not make the record alleged by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] The
records in the Globe and in the Journal agree.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the Clerks will make
a complete record hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that the Globe entirely corresponds with
the record in the Journal. The Chair will
further state that the mere declaration by the
Chair of a division upon sound, pronouncing
what to his ear appears to be the result, is not,
when the House adjourns upon that, recorded
on the Journal, because it is regarded as an
incomplete transaction. And the Globe itself
bears no record that the House agreed to the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Globe states this 
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read what
appears in the Globe.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Dawes. I oall for the yeas and nays upon
concurring with the Committee of the Whole in that
amendment.
" Mr. Allison. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
"Mr. Dawis. Let the yeas [and nays be first
ordered upon this amendment.
"Mr. Allison. That will bo the first question
to-morrow morning, if we adjourn now.
'' Mr. Dawes, Very well.
"The motion was agreed to; and accordingly (at
four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned."
The SPEAKER. Accordingly the first thing
which the Chair did this morning was to ask
whether the yeas and nays should be ordered.
And the record both in the Globe and the
Journal entirely sustains the action of the
Chair.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.. The division had been
taken.
The SPEAKER.. The division had not been
taken. It was a mere sound vote.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 47, notvoting
74 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs, Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Atwood,
Ayer, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Blair, Boles, George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin I1. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cowles, Cul-
lom, Davis, Dawes, Deweeso, Donley,Duval, Ferries,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Hamilton, Har-
ris, Ilawlcy, Heaton, Hefiin, Hoar, Hoge, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander IJ. Jones, Judd,
Kellogg, Eelsey, Knapp, Lash. McGrew, McKee,
McKenzie, Mercur, EiiaJum H. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, WilliamMoore.MogphiSbO'NeiU.Orth.Paok-
ard, Paine, Palmer. Perctt. Phelps, Poland, Pome-
roy, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Shanks, Lionel A. Shol-
don. Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, WorthingtonC.Sniith.WilliamSBiyth.Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stokes, Strickland, Strang. Tan-
ner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Wilkin-
son, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wi-
nans—101.
NATS—Messrs. Ames, AxteU.Beaman. Beck,Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James Brooks. Burr,
Cleveland, Cos, Crebs, Dickinson, Doz, Eldridge,
Fox, Getz, Golladay. Griswold. Haldeujan, Hamble-
ton, Hamilt, Hawkins, Hay, Holman, Johnson,
Thomas L.Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lawrenoe, Marshall,
Mayhant, McCormiek, MdNeely, Randall, Reeves,
Rice, Rogei'g, Sawyer, Stiles. Stone, Taffe, Van
Trump, Voornees. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wood,
and Woodward—47.
NOT VOTING—Mesprs. Adams, Archer, Arm-
strong, Asper, Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Booker,
Bowen, Boyd, Calkin,Clarke, Dickey, Dixon, Dock-
ery, Dyer, £ la, Farnsworth, Ferry, Gibson, Gilfillan,
Ilaight, Hale, Hays, Hill, Hooper, Julian, Keltey,
Ketcham, Laflin, Logan, Loughridste, Lynch, May-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary.Miln-es,Morgan, Daniel J.
Morrell. Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mun«ren,
Myers, Negley, Niblack, Packer, Peters, Piatt, Por-
ter, Potter, Reading, Ridgway, Saaford, Schenck,
Sebumaker, Scofield, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Stevens, Stooghton, 8trader, Swann, Swee-
