1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Beaufort County Sea Islands—Mr. Sawyer.
Senate.
"Question. Do you know that colored men were in
fact intimidated by any means?
"Answer. No, sir; I do not. I saw no reason why
they should not have gone and voted on that day as
well as white men if they saw fit.
"Question. Do you know of any colored men being
discharged from labor or service bocause they would
not vote the Democratic ticket ?
"Aiivwer. No, sir; I do not. I heard that subject
broached some time during the canvass, but I did
not consider that anybody was in earnest about the
matter. X heard persons say that if colored men did
not vote the Democratic ticket they would not em-
ploy them, because they considered them as enemies;
but I did not hear of any one having carried outsuch
threats, and I do not believe that any sensible per-
son would do it.
""Question. You say the Democratic party organ-
ized in that parish; was it organized into clubs or
iDte secret societies?
"Answer. X do not believe that it was organized at
all. The white people, of course, were generally
members of the Democratic club.
"Question. Were you a member of any club ?
"Answer, No, sir.
" Question. Or of any secret organization ?
"Answer. Yes. I wasinitiatedintothesecretorgan-
izationcalledtheKnightsof the WhiteOamelia. ido
not know how many of them were m the parish, i
was merely initiated. I never went but that one
time. I do not know what the object was. i never
went into the lodge afterward. It was represented
to me not to be a political party in any sense what-
ever. That is what I understood.
" Question. What did it profess as its object ?
"Answer. It professed to be an organization for the
protection of white people in case there was an emer-
gency for it. Considering that the blacks were so
easily led and influenced to do almost anything, and
considering that they were going to be rather unruly,
it was thought by some prudent persons m the par-
ish necessary to have some &ort of oigauization to
defend themselves in case of need. For uiyselt'I did
not see any real need ol it, but others did or seemed
to do so.
" Question. Have you any idea of tne numbeis of
members in the order?
"Answer. No, sir. I believe that pretty much nil
the white peopie in the parish were in ic. -1 was not
an officer in it. I was only there once—the day of
my initiation. , , ,
"Question. Do you know whether those people that
are sometimes called Kukiux had any connection
with the order?
"Answer. No,sir; Idonotknowanythingabouttho
order of Kukiux. If there was such an organization
in our parish I know nothing about it.
" Question. Did you ever hear any such thing said
by anybody?
"Answer. I have read about them in newspapers,
but I never heard of such an order at all in our par-
ish.
" Question. D'd you ever hear any member ot the
order say that the Knights of tho "White Oamelia
were connected with the Kukiux in any way what-
sver?
"Answer. No, sir. I was only there once; and as
my hearing is very detective, I have very little com-
munication with persons of a political character;
only with my immediate friends."
"E. S. Mudd:
"I reside in Da Fayette parish. I am forty years
of age. I have lived m Louisiana for thirty years,
in the parishes of La Fayette and Vermilion. Dur-
ing the war I was engaged in the practice ot my pro-
fession. I was not in either army. I am not a poli-
tician by any means. Before the war I was just about
as I am now in regarcLto politics; I didn't have any-
thing to do with politics. I voted according to my
own opinion of things. I voted, when it suittd mo,
■with the Democratic party; when it did notsuit me,
I did not. Last November I voted the Democratic
ticket. I did not take an activepart in the canvass.
1 did not engage myself in polities at all. Iam very
well acquainted with the people in the parish gen-
erally, both colored and white; they know me and
I know them.
"Question. What was the condition ot tho parisn
as to peace and order in the elections of April and
November, 1868?
"Answer. It was very.good indeed. There wasnt
a more peaceable parish m the State than the parish
of La Fayette. .
" Question. State if you know of any acts of/vio-
lence or outrages in the parish arising ou* of politic?.
"Answer. I do not know of any arising out of poll- :
tics. There may have been some rows arising out of ,
personal quarrels, not out of political ones. ;
" Question. Do you know of any organized attempt |
on the part of anybody connected with the Demo- \
cratic party, either as a member of Democratic soci- i
eties or clubs, or as an individual, to intimidate col- ,
orcd men or to keep them irom voting according to j
their sentiments? j
" Anxicer, Nothing of the kind whatever.
" Question. Do you know of any colored man being
discharged, or being threatened to be discharged,
bee.i use he would not vote the Democratic ticket?
•' JUs^er. I know of several being threatened; but
T do not know ot any having been really discharged.
The threat amounted to very little. These threats
amount to very little in times of political excitement.
Uiu-y arc mads in excitement, but are not carried
out. I never intended any Democratic meeting in
tho parish. I voted the Democratic ticket out and
out at the last election; but I did nothing more than
that toward the election. I did not attend a single
meeting.
"Question. Do youknow any reasons or facts exist-
ing in the parish at the time of the election which
made it unsafe for persons of any color or any politi-
cal opinion to go to the polls and vote freely ?
"Answer. If I had desired to vote the Republican
ticket I would have voted it throughoutwithoutany
opposition. I do not think there was any danger in
voting it.
"Question. My question relates to the community
generally.
"Answer. I cannot answer for the balance.
"Question. Do you know of any general condition
of society in the parish which would have made it
unsafe for colored men to go to the polls and vote
according to their sentiments ?
"Answer. I really think that colored men could
have voted, but under the circumstanccs in which
they were a good many of them did not vote.
"Question. Why did they not vote?
"Answer. I think they were disorganized polit-
ically, and I think that they had instructions from
the Republican general committee in New Orleans
not to vote, so as to make capital out of it.
"Question. What makes you think that they were
acting under instructions ?
"Answer. I heard it stated by several colored men
that they wero instructed not to vote, lor political
effect."
"By Mr. Burdett:
" Question. Were any white men ever assaulted in
the last canvass, or the preceding canvass, by black
m en ?
"Answer, No, sir; I do not know of any. Some
white men, however, were insulted."
"Question, State iho name of any one you saw
insulted, and tell when and where it was.
** Answer, I do not know what an insult would
amount to; but I heard some negroes say on the
streets that the bottom rail was now on the top, and
that they had the Government just as they wanted it.
" Question. Was that said in a boisterous manner?
"Answer. I should think it was said in a boisterous
style.
" Question. Who did you hear say that?
"Answer. I hcaid this man Joe say it publicly. I
heard him say it at a coffee-house. I do not know
when it was said. I reckon it was some time in 18G8.
It was after the April election.
" Question. Tell us some other white man who was
insulted by a black man.
"Answer. I do not know. These men have not
made statements to me about the matter. I presume
there were plenty of them who were insulted. The
general conduct of the colored men was disgraceful.
For instance, in passing by the houses of white men
colored men would kiss their hands to tho family.
That was a very Irequent occurrence, and was dis-
graceful. I saw that man Joe do it more than a
dozen times.
"Question. To whose family did you seo him kiss
hands?
"Anstcer. 1 have seen him do it toscvcral families,
lie was a very disgraceful ieilow.
"Question. State to what, iannly he kissed his hand.
"Answer, lie did it passing my house, when my
wife and niece were on the gallery.
"Question. Who el.-e was on the gallery?
"Answer. They were all who were there.
"Question. Was not the black girl on the porch,
whom Joe tried to take away?
Answer. No, sir; she was not in the neighbor-
hood, that I know of. 1 do not know where she wa<.
"Question, Were >ou present when ho kissed his
hand ?
"Answer. I was there, right on the front porch.
"Question. And you regarded that as an m^ult to
your iamily ?
"Answer. Ididimt think it very decoron«ordecenf.
"Question. Did you take any means of avenging
that insult?
"Answer. No,sir; I amnotan advocate of violence.
"Question. Did you remonstrate with him?
"Answer. No, sir; I never said a word to him
about it.
"Question. Did it make much impression on your
mind at tho time?
"Answer. I do not know about that. I would
rather a man would do me personal violcnco than
to do a thing of that kind.
Beaufort Comity Sea Islands.
SPEECH 017 HON. V. A. SAWYER,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
j.k the United Static Sexate,
July 2, 1870.
The Senate baying under consideration the hill (8.
So. 252) to provide for the sale of certain lots and
lands of the sea islands of Beaufort county. South
Carolina, and tor other purposes-
Mr. SAWYER said:
Mr. President: The substance of this bill
was introduced, 1 think, two years ago. Its
purpose was to close up the proceedings of the
direct tax commission in the State of South
Carolina and to sell the lands which remain hi
the possession of the United States Govern-
ment, and which had been forfeited for the non-
payment of taxes. In order that the Senate
may properly understand the present condition
of things with reference to these lands I have
prepared a short history of the action hitherto
taken on the subject.
The act of August 5, 1861, provided for the
levying of a direct tax of $20,000,000 upon all
the Suites, and the amount apportioned to the
State of South Carolina was $303,470 67.*
The act of June 7, 1802, entitled "An act
for the collection of direct taxes in the insur-
rectionary districts within the United States,
and for other purposes,'! provided a special
mode of collection in all the States wherein
the civil authority was obstructed. Under this
last-named act three commissioners were ap-
pointed for each of the States that were insur-
rectionary, in all cases where at any time dur-
ing the war the military authority had been
established in any county, district, or parish.
The commissioners for South Carolina under
this act assessed the direct tax upon the lots
and lands of the parish of St. Helena, and a
part of St. Luke parish, in November, 1862.
Some part of this tax was paid. The lands in
St. Helena upon which the tax was not paid
were sold in February and March, 1863, and
in the parish of St. Luke in December, 1863,
and a few plantations in April, 1865.
According to the provisions of the act of
1862 former owners were allowed sixty days,
and minors, loyal persons beyond seas, insane
persons, and all other persons under disabil-
ity, including of course married women, were
allowed two years within which to redeem the
lands sold. Comparatively few did redeem.
At the sales in February, March, and Decem-
ber, 1863, and in April, 1865, about one tenth
of the hinds were sold to individuals and the
remainder bid in for the Government. Under
the provisions of the act of February 6, 1863,
a considerable portion of the lands bid in to
the Government at the tax sales were re-
served, by and under the direction of the Pres-
ident of the United States, for war, military,
naval, educational, charitable, revenue, and
police purposes. And under the eleventh sec-
tion of the said act of June 7, 1862, another
very considerable portion was sold to loyal
persons for cash, and to soldiers and sailors
of the Army and Navy of the United States
on a credit of three years for three fourths of
the purchase-money, the other fourth being
required to be paid at the time of sale.
The lands thus sold in 1863 and I860 brought
higher prices than they will now. About one
half of the lands then sold have been fully
paid for; the remainder were foileited for non-
payment under Army and Navy certificates
of sale. It is proposed now to sell the said
forfeited lands, and of course the proceeds are
to be paid into tho Treasury of the United
States, according to the provisions of the act
of 1862. It is also proposed that the lands bid
in for military, naval, revenue, and police pur-
poses remain as they now are; but when not
used for such purposes, to cause them to be
rented for the benefit of the United States by
the collector of internal revenue for the district
wherein they are situated.
The President, under the act of 1863, in-
structed the commissioners to rent the laDds
reserved for educational purposes, and take the
proceeds and establish schools for children,
without distinction as to color. This the coin-
missioneis did. The President also directed
the commissioners to sell the lands reserved
for charitable purposes to heads of families of
the African race, at not less than $1 25 per
acre. The commissioners did so, and the in-
structions of the President in this respect were
