1869.
THE CON"G-RESSIONAXi GLOBE.
257
that springs up from within ourselves. What
that community needs is development. You
have emancipated the negroes. The ^hite
people of the South are satisfied with that. I
did not find a white man or-woman who wQuld
have the negroes bg.ck in alayery if they could;
they do not want tbem back. The a,b.olition of
slavery, notwithstanding it was done forcibly,
notwithstanding it ruined families and indi-
viduals, is operating immensely to the advan-
tage of the white people, as greatly to their
advantage as it is to the disadvantage of the
blacks.
The white people do not want slavery back;
you have emancipated the negro, you have
given him freedom, you have given him suffrage,
which is more than was ever originally con-
templated as the logical sequence of the war.
for nobody contemplated more than his man-
umission. You have given him more already
than was originally promised. Now give him,
if you choose, the right to hold office; give him
that as the result of a judicial opinion ; give it
to him by the action of the Legislature itself.
And for the purpose of enabling them to do
this give the Legislature a chance to meet.
But if you are willing to do that you need not
pass this bill. Postpone the bill. I am will-
ing you should hold it in terrorem, over the
Legislature. Postpone it, as the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] proposes, for two
or three weeks ; meanwhile let the Legislature
meet, and if they do not conform to the judicial
opinion upon this very nice and doubtful legal
question, then punish them by passing some
such bill as this if you choose. Buttodoitnow
or to do it to-morrow at three o'clock, as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
proposes shall be done, just on the eve of
Christpjas—to do this under the circumstances
would be another instance of cruelty to be re-
ceived in the South with indignation. And
then those expressions of natural and just in-
dignation would be imported back to this Capi-
tol as evidence that that people are not fit for
self-government.
Now, the southern people are human; they
are made of just such stuff as we are made of;
and when they are trampled upon they will
complain, as we would complain if we were
trampled upon. We are not angels, sir; yet
we sit up in judgment upon the rebels and con-
sider anything good enough forthem. And who
are we? We, who' are sworn to support the
Constitution, how have we manifested our loy-
alty to the Constitution in the past few years ?
Sir, the constitutionality of the reconstruc-
tion laws was likely to come before the Su-
preme Court of the United States. How did
we act? We took away the jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court of the United States. And
why? Because we knew it would condemn
our acts; that is why we took it away. We
now propose virtually to abolish the Supreme
Court of the United States. Why? Because
it stands in the way of our evil passions. We
must consolidate this Government, and we
must consolidate it into the legislative depart-
ment. The President must be restrained by
such laws as the civil tenure-of-office bill. The
Supreme Court must bo gagged by such laws
as that which took the McArdle case away
from them, and such other bills as are pro-
posed in the other end of this Capitol. And
who is to be trusted ? The Congress ? By
and by the Senate, representing the States,
will be found to be an inconvenient append-
age, and we will get rid of them. Then we
will have happy times, and concentrate all
power in the hands of this House. And who
will govern this House?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. LOUGHEIDGE. Before the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Mokcan] begins I would
like to correct a mistake of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] made
unconsciously, i have 110 doubt.
Mr. MORGAN. I will yield for a moment.
41st Coxfi. 2d Sess.—No. 17.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to state that
Iowa had failed to perfectly indorse the fif-
teenth amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I should have said the
State of Missouri.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I have no doubt tljat
the State of Iowa vvill indorse it as soon as
their Legislature meets.
Mr. MORGAN resumed the floor.
Mr. PITCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few minutes?
Mr. MORGAN. The other day the elo-
quent gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Pitch]
generously conceded to me one minute of his
time; I propose now to repay him twofold,
and yield him two minutes.
Mr. FITCH. I do not design to discuss the
bill under consideration, but purpose only to
place on record the reasons which will actuate
me in voting for it.
I believe that if any State violates the con-
ditions upon which it was permitted to become
a State we have the power to take away the
corporate political existence we gave and remit
the community attempting such a fraud to the
condition of political pupilage from which we
suffered it to emerge. Any other theory than
this would assert that this Government is an
imbecile one without power to enforce per-
formance from those who covenant with it.
If we have the power to reduce Georgia to a
territorial dependency because she has vio-
lated the compact of her admission as a State,
then when we have disrobed her of sovereignty
it seems to me we have also the power to exact
other or farther conditions from her before
readmitting her. Upon this doctrine I place
the power of Congress to pass the bill before
us, and I find abundant reason for the exercise
of that power in the testimony with regard to
affairs in Georgia submitted by the Committee
on Reconstruction.
If, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] asserts, the conditions we exact
of Georgia are greater than those required of
other rebel States she has none but herself to
blame. Indeed, every fresh Republican exac-
tion, as oar Democratic friends call it, has been
the legitimate offspring of renewed Democratic
effort to subvert or oppose the principles of
republican liberty. The emancipation procla-
mation waa the outgrowth of a war inaugurated
in the interests of slavery. The thirteenth
amendment was caused by efforts made to avoid
the effects of the emancipation proclamation.
The fourteenth amendment was passed because
the rebel States endeavored to render nugatory
the thirteenth amendment; and the fifteenth
amendment is proposed in order to prevent a
threatening successful defiance of the four-
teenth amendment. I thank the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] for his courtesy in
yielding me the floor.
Mr. MORGAN then addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. AXTELL. I desire in a very few mo-
ments to give a reason why I shall vote against
this bill. As I propose to occupy a very small
portion of the time of the committee, as the
hour is late, I shall confine myself exclusively
in what I have to say to that portion of this bill
which requires the State of Georgia to ratify
the fifteenth amendment. I have failed in all
that I have heard to gather from the debate
either at the other end of the Capitol or here
a logical reason that can support the proposi-
tion that a State can be compelled, under con-
ditions, to ratify an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States.
I admit that prior to the admission of a
State, while she is in a territorial condition,
she can be compelled to frame a constitution
which shall be acceptable to Congress. It is
true that certain provisions have been required
of territorial Legislatures to be put into the
constitutions by their people before their ad-
mission into the Union as States, such as that
they would not tax the public lands of the
United States, that they would not establish
religious tests, and many other provisions.
But when we come to change the fundamen-
tallaw of the United States; when the vote
required of a State affects every State m the
Union; when, under any threat or condition,
the vote of that State shall be required to be
given in a particular way, the analogy in such
a case I have entirely failed to follow. I he
States vote to ratify or reject, as they please;
and, as has been well remarked, Congress has
the power to propose amendments. IS ow, I am
willing to say that should it be ascertained
that any Territory which has entered into the
Union as a State under a condition-precedent
had refused afterward to abide by that condi-
tion ; if after having accepted a condition and
come into the family of States she then had
retracted, then there might a case arise when
it would be necessary for the Congress of the
United States to take some action toward such
a recusant State.
But now, when there has been submitted to
the people of the United States through the
States a proposition to alter and amend the
Constitution of the United States, the State of
Georgia is either out of the Union and cannot
vote upon that proposition at all, or she is a
State in the Union and can vote upon it, and
must vote her free choice.
We will not discuss here to-night the pro-
priety of that amendment. My own State of
California has not yet passed upon it; but we
know as well as we can know any event not
yet transpired that she will refuse to ratify that
amendment. But by this bill_ Georgia must
indorse that amendment, on pain of remaining
out of the Union; an amendment which will
bind California, will bind all the States, and
the vote of Georgia thus obtained will offset
the vote of my own State—a vote not freely
given by a sovereign State, because it is claimed
here that she is not a State. Yet she has not
only ratified the fourteenth article of amend-
ment, hut she is now called upon in her con-
dition of a territory to ratify the fifteenth
amendment before she can be readmitted into
the family of States.
I protest against this particular provision of
the bill under consideration ; that it is taking
away from Georgia its freedom of choice. She
has been well and ably vindicated here, and
her people have been abundantly vindicated.
I have nothing to say in relation to her; but
on behalf of California, 011 behalf of my own
State, I do say that it is unjust that our vote
should be offset by a vote wrung by force or
menace from any Territory or colony of the
United States.
If Georgia is a free and sovereign State—
sovereign in this respect, lhat she can act
through her representatives in her Legislature
freely—then she is our peer; and if she votes
against us her vote is to be counted against our
vote, and correctly and properly. If she is a
colony or a Territory, if she is held in any
other condition than a free State of this nation,
her vote ought not to offset ours and impose
upon us a new form and anew condition of the
Constitution.
I desire to say one other word, and that
relates to the citizens of Georgia and to the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] who fathers this bill and urges
its passage. I regret that the gentleman° is
not here to listen to what I say, for I dislike
to make any remarks about any gentleman in
his absence. But it is not my fault that lie
does not choose to listen to this debate. It is
a poor time, it is true—is late in the evening
discuss this question. But we must con-
sider the rule adopted by this House and the
manner m which this kind of legislation is
carried forward by the majority, that not only
possesses the power of a giant, but uses it like
a giant.
I take this opportunity to say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] wlio
in his great kindness of heart and in his desire
