1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4401
It is stated on what I have reason to regard
as good authority that Cuban bonds have been
prepared to a large amount, whose payment is
made dependent upon the recognition by the
United States of either Cuban belligerency or
independence. The object of making their
value thus contingent upon the action of this
Government is a subject for serious reflection.
In determining the course to be adopted on
the demand thus made for a recognition of
belligerency the liberal and peaceful principles
adopted by the Father of his Country and the
eminent statesmen of his day, and followed by
succeeding Chief Magistrates and the men of
their day, may furnish a safe guide to those of
us now charged with the direction and control
of the public safety.
From 1789 to 1815 the dominant thought of
our statesmen was to keep the United States
out of the wars which were devastating Europe.
The discussion of measures of neutrality begins
with the State papers of Mr. Jefferson, when
Secretary of State. He shows that they are
measures of national right as well as of national
duty ; that misguided individual citizens can-
not'be tolerated in making war according to
their own caprice, passions, interests, or for-
eign sympathies; that the agents of foreign
Governments, recognizedorunrecoguized, can-
not be permitted to abuse our hospitality by
usurping the functions of enlisting or equip-
ping military or naval forces within our terri-
tory.
Washington inaugurated the policy of neu-
trality and of absolute abstinence from all for-
eign entangling alliances, which resulted in
1794 in the first municipal enactment for the
observance of neutrality.
The duty of opposition to filibustering has
been admitted by every President. Washing-
ton encountered the efforts of Genet and the
French revolutionists ; John Adams, the pro-
jects of Miranda; Jefferson, the schemes of
Aaron Burr ; Madison and subsequent Presi-
dents had to deal with the question of foreign
enlistment or equipment in the United Stales;
and since the days of John Quiney Adams it
has been one of the constant cares of govern-
ment in the United States to prevent piratical
expeditions against the feeble Spanish-Ameri-
can republics from leaving our shores. In no
country are men waiting for any enterprise
that holds out promise of adventure or of gain.
In the early days of our national existence
the whole continent of America (outside of the
limits of the United States) and all its islands
were in colonial dependence upon European
Powers.
The revolutions which from 1810 spread
almost simultaneously through all the Spanish-
American continental colonies resulted m th<?
establishment of new States, like ourselves of
European origin, and interested in excluding
European politics and the questions of dynasty
and of balance of power from further influence
in the New World.
The American policy of neutrality, important
before, became doubly so from the fact that it
became applicable to the new republics as well
as to the mother country.
It then devolved upon us to determine the
great international questions at wnat time and
under what circumstances to recognize a new
Power as entitled to a place among the family
of nations, as well as the preliminary question
of the attitude to be observed by this Govern-
merit toward the insurrectionary party pending
the contest.
Mr. Monroe concisely expressed the rule
which has controlled the action of this Gov-
ernment with reference to revolting colonies,
pending their struggle, by saying :
"As soon as the movement assumed such a steady
and consistent form as to make the success oi the
provinces probable, the rights to which they wcie
entitled by tho laws of nations as canal parties to a
civil war were extended to them."
The strict adherence to this rule of public
policy has been one of the highest honors of
American statesmanship, and lias secured to
41si Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 276.
this Government the confidence of the feable
Powers on this continent, which induces them
to rely upon its friendship and absence of de-
signs of conquest, and to look to the United
States for example and moral protection. It
has given to this Government a position of
prominence and of influence which it should
not abdicate, but which imposes upon it the
most delicate duties of right and of honor
regarding American questions, whether those
questions affect emancipated colonies or col-
onies still subject to European dominion.
The question of belligerency is one of fact,
not to be decided by sympathies for or preju-
dices against either party. The relations be-
tween the parent State and thoinsurgents must
amount, in fact, to war in the sense of inter-
national law. Fighting, though licrce and pro-
tracted, does not alone constitute war. There
must be military forces acting in accordance
with the rules and customs of war, flags of
truce, cartels, exchange of prisoners, &c.; and
to justify a recognition of b^Jigerency there
must be, above all, a de. j'acto political organ-
ization of the insurgents sufficient in character
and resources to constitute it, if left to itself,
a State among nations capable of discharging
the duties of a State, and of meeting the just
responsibilities it may incur as smcli toward
other Powers in the discharge of its national
duties.
Applying the best information which I have
been ablo to gather, whether from official or
unofficial sources, including the very exagger-
ated statements which each party gives to all
that may prejudice the opposite or give credit
to its own side of the question, I am unable to
see in the present condition ot the coutest in
Cuba those elements which are requisite to con-
stitute war in the sense of international law.
The insurgents hold no town or city, have
no established seat of Government; they have
no prize courts, no organization for the re-
ceiving and collecting of revenue, no sea-port
to which a prize may be carried, or through
which access can be had by a foreign Power to
the limited interior territory and mountain
fastnesses which they occupy. The existence
of a Legislature representing any popular con-
stituency is more than doubtful.
In the uncertainty that hangs around the
entire insurrection there is no palpable evi-
dence of an election of any delegated authority,
or of any Government outside the limits of the
camps occupied from day to day by the roving
companies of insurgent troops; there is_ no
commerce, no trado3 cither internal or foreign ;
no manufactures.
The late commander-in-chief of the insur-
gents, havingrecently come to the U nit eel States,
publicly declared that " all commercial inter-
course or trade with the exterior world has
been utterly cut off;" and ho further added,
" to-day we have not ten thousand arms in
Cuba."
It is a well-established principle of public
law that a recognition by a foreign State of
belligerent rights to insurgents under circum-
stances such as now exist in Cuba, if not justi-
fied by necessity, is a gratuitous demonstration
of moral support to the rebellion. Such neces-
sity may yet hereafter arrive ; but it has not
yet arrived, nor is its probability clearly to be
seen.
If it be war between Spain and Cuba, and be
so recognized, it is our duty to provide for the
consequences which may ensue in the embar-
rassment to our commerce and the interference
with our revenue.
If belligerency be recognized the commercial
marine of the United States becomes liable to
search and to seizure by the commissioned
cruisers of both parties; thoy become subject
to the adjudication of prize courts. _ Our large
coastwise trade between the Atlantic and the
Gulf States, and between both and the Isthmus
of Panama, and the States of South America
engaging the larger part ot our commercial
> marine, passes, ot necessity, almost in sight of
the island of Cuba. Under the treaty with
Spain of 1795, as well as by the law of nations,
our vessels will bo liable t,o visit on the high
seas. In ease of belligerency the carrying
of contraband, which now is lawful, becomes
liable to the risks of seizure and condemnation.
The parent Government becomes relieved from
responsibility for acts done in the insurgent
territory, and acquires the right-to exercise
against neutral commerce all the powers of a
party to amaritime war. To whatconseqnences
the exercise of those powers may lead is a ques-
tion which I desire to commend to tho serious
consideration of Congress.
In view of the gravity of this question I have
deemed it my duty to invite the attention of the
war-malting power of tho country to all the
relations and bearings of the question in con-
nection with the declaration of neutrality and
granting of belligerent rights,
There is not a de facto government on the
island of Cuba sufficient to execute law and
to maintain just relations with other nations.'
Spain has not been able to suppress the oppo-
sition to Spanish rule on tho island, nor to
award speedy justice to other nations or citi-
zens of other nations when their rights have
been invaded.
There are serious complications growing out
of the seizure of American vessels upon the
high seas, executing American citizens without
proper trial, and confiscating or embargoing
the property of American citizens.
Solemn protests have been made ogainst
every infraction of the rights either of individ-
ual citizens of the United States or the rights
of our flag upon the high seas, and all proper
steps have been taken, and are being pressed,
for tho proper reparation of every indignity
complained of.
The question of belligerency, however, which
is to be decided upon definite principles and
according to ascertained facts, is entirely dif-
ferent from and unconnected with the other
questions of the manner in which tho strife is
curried ou on both sides, and the treatment of
our citizens entitled to our protection. These
questions concern our dignity and responsibil-
ity, and they have been made, as I have said,
the subjects of repeated communications with
Spain, and of protests and demands for redress
on our part. It is hoped that theso will not be
disregarded; but should they be, these ques-
tions will be made the subject of a further com-
munication to Congress.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Maxsiox, June I", 1870.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the message lie
on tho table and bo printed.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President  
Mr. SUMNER. Does tho Senator wish to
speak upon it ?
Mr. TIIURMAN. Does not the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations intend
to move the reference of the message to that
committee, and that it bo printed?
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, I will change
my motion, and move that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and be
printed.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Is that motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is debatable.
Sir. TIIURMAN. It is not my purpose to
make 
Mr. IIOWE. I ask the Senator from Ohio
if ho desires to go on this afternoon?
Mr. TIIURMAN. I shall not speak ten
minutes, perhaps not five minutes, and there-
fore I had better go on now.
Mr. IIOWE. Before we take the recess 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order for a
reccss has not been made. The Senatorirom.
Kansas withdrew that motion until alter the
reading of (he message.
Mr. TIIURMAN. .Mr. President, I have
not said one word in respect to Cuba at this
session of Congress, or at the last. 1 know
how delicate the subject is ; I knowitis a sub-
