258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
to shield the Governor of Georgia has begged
members of this side of the House to deal mer-
cifully with that -man as he could not reply
here to any of their attacks or their criticisms,-
I say to him in the same spirit that he should
not have characterized the Legislature of Geor-
gia'as a black hearted set of men; that he
should not have characterized the people of
Georgiaas murderers,when, asitbecomesbrave
men to remember, they are not here, even by
their Representatives, to defend themselves—
■when they have no voice upon this floor.
The Legislature of the State of Georgia, act-
ing under the solemnity of their oaths and
judging by the light that was then shed upon
it the question of the qualifications of their
members, took a certain course of action. I
am frank to say that as a member of Congress
I should have desired the same latitude had a
man belonging to that race claimed a seat here.
I should have been inclined to say, and should
now be inclined to say, thai his race and lineage
alone precluded him from taking a seat upon
this floor; and if I held it to be the law that
such a man was not qualified to take a seat
here, and if with that view of the law I so voted,
t should consider it a personal insult to myself
if any gentleman should characterize me as
being " black-hearted" because I did not con-
sider a man with a black skin qualified to hold
a seat upon this floor, and because I cast my
vole against his admission.
I remind the House and the country of the
spirit manifested by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts ; and when ho attempts to look into
the hearts of men and to characterize them as
" black-licarted," I might say to him, in the
language of one who spoke as never man spoke,
and certainly never as this particular man spoke,
" Judge not, that ye be not judged."
The people of Georgia—a State which, as
was remarked in the debate in the Senate, is
fhe Empire Slate of the South, one of the old
thirteen, a noble State with noble sons and
daughters—ought to lie heard in this debate on
this floor; and the people of the United States,
represented here by gentlemen who are not
bound down by the t rammels of party, vindicate
them to the best of their ability. In the early
part of this session the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Paine,] an old school-mate and col-
lege-malc of mine whom 1 respect very highly,
offered a resolution declaring that, the action
of this House in determining election cases is
a judicial proceeding, and that the Committee
of Elections ought, to do right and should not
be governed by parly considerations. The res-
olution was not adnpled; the majority of this
House had some good reason why they did not
choose to adopt the resolution of that honor-
able and fair-minded gentleman.
I would commend the spirit of that resolution
to tho House in the vote which is to be taken
to-morrow. I would ask this House not to be
influenced in voting upon this bill by the pur-
pose to secure the adoption of the fifteenth
amendment. It is pretty well understood that
the adoption of that amendment hinges upon
the vote of'Georgia; it is pretty well understood
that the fifteenth amendment cannot be ratified
unless the vote of that State can be obtained.
I would say to gentlemen of this House, " Be
governed by the spirit of that resolution ; dare
to do right; if you have the power which it is
claimed you have, if you have been indorsed
year after year and election after election, then
go before the country, propose your amend-
ments if they are just and right, and allow the
States to vote for or against them.'' If amend-
ments of the Constitution be submitted in such
a spirit, then, when they become a part of the
Constitution of the country, allow me to say
for the Democratic party that they will be found
in the future as in the past a party of law and
order, a party willing and anxious to obey the
Constitution and the laws of the land.
But, sir, allow me to say that if these amend-
ments to the Constitution are to be strangled
through, are to be forced upon the people in
this way, yon weaken the .effect of tho law.
Measures forced through in this way must be
regarded by the people in' the same light in
which they regard legislation obtained by cor-
rupt means; they do not view it as the free
voice of the States. Hence there is danger of
confusion and anarchy, there is-danger that the
States will not feel called upon to see thatsuch
an amendment is carried into ,effect by appro-
priate legislation; and the door will then be
open for the calling into operation of that
further provision of the fifteenth amendment
that Congress shall see that it is carried into
effect. Then, perhaps, at the next session we
shall see California standing in the same atti-
tude in which Georgia now stands—in a position
claimed to be rebellious. What will this pre-
cedent teach a majority here to do ? Declare
her out of the Union; compel her members
and her Senators to retire from the Halls and
wuit until her Legislature shall pass such laws
as may seem to the majority in this Congress
meet and proper.
I am willing to appeal to Caesar, I am willing
to appeal to the people of this country ; and I
beg the strong majority here to pause and con-
sider before they take this the last and most
desperate, and, in my judgment, fatal step the
Republican party'have ever proposed. Would
it not be true that if the fifteenth amendment
was not at stake we would have had no legis;
1'ation of this kind ; and would it not also be
true, from all the lights we gather from our ex-
perience, that if another State was required to
vote that amendment some pretext would be
found for puttinganother State out of the Union,
for requiring of some other State as a condition-
precedent to her representation that she should
ratify the fifteenth amendment? Is it in the
power of ingenuity, is it anywhere in the force
of logic, you can draw a line where you will
stop ?
II is dangerous to tamper with the liberties
of a free country; dangerous especially in a
Government that is held and bound together
only by the affections of the people. We have
no hope upon thisside ofthe Houseof prevent-
ing the passage ofthe bill. We have no hope
even that the humane thought of the learned
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will be
carried into effect and a postponement had;
because it seems to be considered that should
Georgia meet and voluntarily restore the negro
to his seat, yet the Legislature would be in such
a condition she would not ratify the fif-
teenth amendment. We have no hope then
by anything wo can say wo can call a halt in
the most rapid and ruinous progress to destruc-
tion ; but we owe it to ourselves, we owe it to
the State of Georgia, we owe it to our people,
solemnly to enter our protest and to lift up out-
voices here against such a proceeding. We have
not only a State upon trial, but we have the
United States upon trial. We are here press-
ing a measure which shall force negro or
Chinese suffrage upon the State of California.
The State of California is as much interested
in this bill as the State of Georgia. Every
northern State is as much interested in this as
is every southern State. It is making use of
Georgia to change the fundamental laws of the
United States ; it is making her an instrument
to bind us. I say, sir, in all the history of the
acts known as reconstruction acts this is the
most desperate in its means and the most far-
; reaching in its effects.
l I fit were necessary for the personal liberty of
j any citizen of" the United Slates that we should
| pursue high-handed measures there would be
something that would find a response in the
heart of every generous man. If it were true
that there are States in this Union where
American citizens are not free to go and live
without being subjected to annoyance, I should
say let the United States so legislate that
every American citizen shall have free liberty
to go and come and live in every State of the
Union and in every part of the world. I will
go as far to protect American citizens in Geor-
gia as I will to protect them in England or any
other country. Never with my consent or
voice shall the right of an American citizen be
abridged.
But, sir, this does not relate to the personal
right of any American citizen. This merely
relates to the political privilege of voting ; the
right of saying whether in California we shall
have negro and Chinese suffrage or not. It
relates to an amendment to the fundamental
law of the land which is attempted to be car-
ried by coercion, by absolute force, exercised
by a threatened use of the Army and the Navy.
It is attempted to be forced through by threats,
and, further than that, by actual physical force.
By physical force, by means of the Army and
the Navy, Georgia is to be forced to assist in
binding my State. That is the whole matter.
Well was it remarked by the learned judge
and distinguished citizen, the great and noble
speaker from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,]
that judges will rise up all over the land who
will question the validity of this law. It is
opening the door to wider disputes and wider
discussions. It is sowing the dragon's teeth,
and we may w-ell fear that armed men will spring
up in their place all over the land if this system
of oppressive legislation by the powerful ma-
jority shall be continued; because the American
people are not only brave, but like all brave peo-
ple they love justice and hate oppression.
I have occupied the attention of the com-
mittee longer than I intended, and I will now
yield to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Cobtjkn.]
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker-—
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH,of Oregon. Idesired tohavehad
the opportunity of addressing the House on
this question to-night; but it is now so late
and so many other gentlemen wish to speak
that I feel I will not have that opportunity. I
ask, therefore, unanimous consent to print in
the Globe the remarks which I proposed to
make.
No objection was made ; and leave was ac-
cordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. SARGENT, Mr. BIRD, Mr. GRIS-
WOLD, Mr. LOUGHR1DGE, and Mr.
CREBS also asked and obtained the like per-
mission. [See Appendix.]
! Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, at this late
hour I cannot attempt to answer in the manner
in which I should like the argument indulged
in and the statements and assertions made here
to-night. My gallant friend from Ohio [Mr.
Morgan] traveled over the whole field. He
began with the war, and ended with the present
position of reconstruction. I well remember
the first time I saw that gentleman clothed in
the Union blue, and I regret that to-night I have
heard him say what he has said.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will consider that Mr. Morgan
is not now in his seat. He was very unwell
when he finished his speech and left the House
in consequence.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] need not fear that I
will say anything about the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] that I will not be ready
at all times and in all places to answer for.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think it would be bet-
ter that remarks with reference to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] were reserved
until he is here to answer for himself.
Mr. COBURN. But a little time is allowed
me and I have none to spare for interruptions.
I desire to say that I regretted to hear from the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] an impu-
tation on the name of Mr. Lincoln and of those
who were associated with him in beginning the
great struggle on behalf of the Union—-an im-
putation on them for having accepted the
resignation of a set of traitors. Why, is it
to be imputed to them for wrong that they
allowed a traitor to leave the Army and walk
