4402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
ject upon which a Senator ought not to speak
unadvisedly. _ It is a matter on which we must
derive much information from the executive
department of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this is to give rise to
debate I shall feel it my duty to object. The
bill under consideration was to be continued
on without interruption. Alt-hough there was
no objection to receiving by unanimous con-
sent this communication, I should not be will-
ing to have the bill displaced by a debate, and
th e Senator from Ohio is aware that his remarks
will undoubtedly lead to others.
Mr. THURMAN. I should have been almost
through by this time if my friend had not inter-
rupted me. I have no disposition to interfere
with his bill, and if he is unwilling that there
should be any debate on this matter, I will
close with this single remark 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not unwilling for
a moment to lay it aside, but I do not want the
bill under consideration to lose its position. I
suppose it will not lose it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That depends
somewhat on the length of that debate. If the
debate shouldlast until the adjournment at the
night session, of course the message would be
the unfinished business. The Senator from
Illinois has stated correctly that the Senate, by
unanimous consent, decided last week that the
apportionment bill should be taken up to-day,
and proceeded with to the exclusion of every-
thing else. It was simply interrupted by the
presentation of the message by the Chair. The
Chair does not understand the Senator from
Illinois to make the point now, however.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not make the point
now if the apportionment bill can come up as
soon as the Senator from Ohio is through.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to speak
at large on this subject, for no Senator ought
to speak at large on it without being fully pre-
pared. I only wish to say that if I heard that
message correctly it is a proclamation to the
Cubans to lay down their arms, and not a proc-
lamation to our people not to interfere. I have
never played the demagogue about this Cuban
question, as I trust I never have on any ques-
tion ; but for one, whatever may be the situa-
tion of affairs there, I am unwilling to say to
them, I am unwilling that the Government of
the United States shall say to them, "Lay down
your arms."
Mr. SUMNER. Question!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts calis for the question on his
motion.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope that will be
laid over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois insists on the point, the message
must lie on the table for the present, because
the Senate by unanimous consent resolved that
the apportionment bill should be continued
to-day until disposed of. The message will
therefore be printed, if there be no objection.
Mr. CARPENTER. I withdraw the objec-
tion I made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin withdraws the objection, and the
message will be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations and printed; and the Senate
resumes the consideration of the apportionment
Mr. POME BOY. I now move that the Sen-
ate take a recess. I think it is so late that we
had better meet at eight o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; half past seven.
["Eight!" "Eight!"]
Mr. POMEROY. Well, I will say half past
seven.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend, by
inserting eight o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment,
Mr. MORTON. What will be in order to-
night—the Calendar?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The apportion-
ment bill, until disposed of or laid aside.
Mr. POMEROY. And then the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, that the Senate take a recess until eight
o'clock.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion for a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
the Senate took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVEJflJSTG SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
hiking claims.
_ Mr. STEWART. I desire to take up House
bill No. 502 and have it acted upon. It was
up before and jpad, and there were several
amendmentsproposedtoitbythe Senator from
California, [Mr. Cole.] It is a bill in regard
to mining claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks consent to consider the bill
named by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that bill should be
taken up will it displace the order of the even-
ing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not.
The regular order will be passed over inform-
ally, and will be subject to be called up on the
demand of any Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to have that
understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Illinois reserves
the right to object, and any business now taken
up will be by passing over the regular order
informally, subject to be called up at any time
by any Senator.
Mr. STEWART. The object of the bill is
to extend the preemption laws to the old worn-
out and worked-out mining claims. I propose
to have all the amendments suggested by the
Senator from California adopted; and then, if
the House disagree to our amendments, I hope
we can induce the President of the Senate to
appoint the two Senators from California on a
conference committee, and they can meet con-
ferees from the House and see if they can agree
on some mode of extending these laws over
those claims without troubling the Senate with
the subject. If we cannot do that, we shall
abandon the project. We do not care about
discussing it in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the number of
the bill?
Mr. STEWART. It is House bill No. 502.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, resumed the consideration
of the bill (II. R. No. 562) to amend an act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be read, so that we
may see what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The last clause I think,
in regard to the Sutro tunnel, is an amendment
that was adopted on my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. We agree to keep that in
the bill.
Mr. COLE. I ask if there were not other
amendments adopted ? I do not remember
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
of the committee were withdrawn ; but this last
clause of the bill which has been read was an
amendment offered, the Chair thinks, by the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Teumbcll] in regard
to Mr. Sutro.
Mr. COLE. The amendments of the com-
mittee to the thirteenth section were withdrawn ?
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. They were.
Mr. COLE. I now move to amend the bill
in section twelve, line seventeen, by striking
out " one hundred and sixty " and inserting
" ten;" so as to read "ten acres for any one
person."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. At the commencement of the
■ eighteenth line of the same section I move to
insert "and at that rate for any association of
persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move further to amend inline
twenty by inserting after the word "claim"
the words " upon agricultural lands."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move further to strike out the
fourteenth section, which allows testimony to
be taken anywhere in land districts before any
justice of the peace or notary public. That
would lead to very great confusion. I propose
to leave the law as it is in regard to testimony
touching preemption and homestead claims,
which testimony I believe has now to be taken
before the register or receiverof the land office.
The Chief Clerk read the section proposed to
be stricken out, as follows :
Sec. 14. And beit further enacted, That all affidavits
required to ho made under this acr, or the act of
which it is amendatory, may be verified before any
officer authorized to administer oaths within the
land district whore the claims may be situated, and
all testimony and proofs may be taken before any
sunk officer; and wlien duly certified by the officer
taking the same, shall have the same force and effect
as if taken before the register and receiver of the
land office : Provided, That in all cases of contest
such testimony and proofs shall only bo taken on at
least ton days'personal notice to the opposing parties,
when such parties can be found; and if they cannot
be found, then by at least forty days' publication in
a newspaper published nearest to the location of
said claims ; and the register of the land office shall
require proof that such notice has been given.
Mr. POMEROY. It is right to strike that
out. That is a good amendment.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. COLE. I now move to amend the bill
further by adding certain additional sections.
They are in substance the bill introduced by
me some time ago on three separate subjects :
one in regard to the joint location of subdi-
visions of land ; another relates to coal lands;
and the third relates to entries of town sites
where the population consists of less than one
hundred inhabitants.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
not put them on this bill.
Mr. COLE. I think they properly belong to
the bill.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no ; do not put them
on here. They may embarrass the bill.
Mr. COLE. There can be no objection to
the joint entry section. These sections, I will
remark, have been examined by the Land
Office, and have met with the approval of that
office, and I think are not subject to any valid
objection, but will result in great accommo-
dation. Let them be read separately, and if
there is any objection to any feature I will not
press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was to insert as an additional section
the following:
And be it further enacted. That where actual settle-
ments have boon, or may be made, without notice of
conflict, upon unsurveyed public lands, and where
after survey the residences or occupation oi' two or
more of such settlors shall prove to be upon the
same quarter section, each shall be permitted to enter
his occupation as near as may be by legal subdivis-
ions, joint entries being' admissible by conterminous
propr ietors, \n order that their respective boundaries
may be adjusted in accordance with their several
possessions; and each of such settlers shall have the
right to enter at the same time such additional quan-
tity oi vacant pubUc< lands laterally contiguous to
their possessions as will make the maximum area of
their respective entries equivalent to one hundred
and sixty acres.
Mr. HARLAN". What is the object of that?
Mr. COLE. The object of it is this: some-
times on unsurveyed lands two or more persons
settle on the same subdivision; and when tho
land is finally entered one or the other has to
