2514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem be im-
posed on all imported cigars.
Also, the petition of C. Gembe, J. Iiepple,
A. J. Krause, and others, cigar manufacturers
and dealers in cigars, of the city of Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania, asking for a restoration of the
tariff rates on imported cigars of three dollars
per pound and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. READING-: A petition of 125 citi-
zens of the twenty-third ward of the city of
Philadelphia, State of Pennsylvania, asking
for the passage of a bill that will release them
t'lum the power of the Camden and Amboy
monopoly.
Also, a petition of 75 citizens of South-
ampton township, Bucks county, Pennsylvania,
for the same purpose.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 8, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, JRev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I liave the honor to pre-
sent sundry petitions, numerously signed by
citizens of the State of Oregon, in which they
represent that the valley of the Umpqua com-
prises an area of over live thousand square
miles, a large portion of which is blessed with
a soil of great fertility, capable of producing
abundant crops of grain and vegetables, and
possessing a mild and healthful climate ; that
those portions not suitable for cultivation are
valuable for grazing purposes; that twenty
years have elapsed since the first settlement
of the valley; and that it remains compara-
tively undeveloped because its situation is iso-
lated and there is an absence of an available
market. They represent that, the Umpqua
river traverses this fertile valley for a distance
of one hundred and twenty-fives miles and is
navigable at certain seasons for steamers.
They further represent that the improvement
of this river would immediately benefit the
counties of Jackson, Josephine, and Lane,
and indirectly benefit the whole State, and
that such is tlie character of the current and
of the bed of the Umpqua river that when
the present obstructions are once removed
no others will present themselves ; the river
once fairly opened will remain so forever;
they also represent that the entrance of this
river is one of the safest on the coast, ad-
mitting vessels of the largest tonnage ; and
they ask an appropriation of $75,000 for the
improvement of the river. I have heretofore
introduced a bill asking for that appropria-
tion, which has been referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce; and I move that these peti-
tions be referred to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER presented amemorialof
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the
establishment of a mail route from Green Bay,
Wisconsin, to Waubasha, Minnesota; -which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post lloads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, praying for an appropria-
tion for the erection of a building for a custom-
house and post office in the city of Green Bay;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, requesting the Senators
and Representatives of that State in Congress
to vote for a law which will equalize the boun-
ties of soldiers, so that all honorably discharged
soldiers shall receive, with what has heretofore
been given, an amount equal to eight and a
third dollars per month for their term of ser-
vice ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, representing that the inter-
ests of tlie residents of the northern and north-
western portions of that State, as well as the
interests of the stray bands of Indians therein,
imperatively demand that those stray bands of
Indians be removed and located upon a reser-
vation at or near the headwaters of the Eau
Plaine river, in the northern portion of the
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, setting forth that
it is now evident that railroad communication
between the Mississippi river and Lake Supe-
rior, in that State, will soon increase the im-
portance of our lake harbors; and iu order to
afford suitable protection and shelter for the
lake marine to be employed in moving the
tonnage thus created, and to afford additional
facilities for the trade and commerce of Lake
Superior, they ask for such further appropri-
ation as will finish the Government works at
the entry of the bay of Superior, in the State
of Wisconsin ; which was referred totheCom-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. STEWART. I present the petition of
C. N. Noteware, of Nevada, praying to be
allowed pay for services as receiver of the
United States land office at Carson City, in
Nevada. 1 will state that this matter was
before the Committee on Claims, who oil a
former occasion reported adversely. Mr. Note-
ware was then unable to liirnish the evidence,
not being here at the time it was considered ;
but now he presents additional evidence in
regard to his claim. 1 move its reference to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY.' I present a memorial,
with a map accompanying it, asking for an
additional land district and land office in the
Territory of Utah. The memorialists repre-
sent I hat the northern portion of that Territory
is being iapidly settled in consequence of the
building of the Pacific railroad, and for other
reasons, but there is no land office there. The
land office is in Salt Lake City, which does not
accommodate the people iu this part of the
Territory. They ask that an additional land
district be established in the Territory, and
they also designate the place they want selected
as its site. I move that the memorial be referred,
together with the accompanying papers, to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I present a petition from
the city of Baltimore, signed by one hundred
and forty citizens, among whom are the mayor,
the collector of the port, the United States
marshal, and others, asking for an appropria-
tion of $50,000 to aid the Wilberforce'Univer-
sity, in the State of Ohio, for the education of
Persons without distinction as to race or color.
move its reference to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Ipresentapstition signed
by the faculty of the Miami University of Ohio
and divers citizens of Oxford, in that State,
praying that aid may be granted to the Wilber-
force University; and I present also a similar
petition from citizens of Xenia, Ohio. I move
their reference to the Committee on Education
and Labor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those petitions ought to
go to the Committee on Retrenchment, the hill
in relation to the subject-matter having been
referred to that committee.
Mr. DRAKE. The bill that has gone to the
Committee on Retrenchment is one to abolish
the Freedmen's Bureau and establish a Bureau
of Education. The Wilberforce University
matter is before the Committee on Education
and Labor, and if I did not dislike very much
the idea of making such an issue I should have
insisted that the bill referred to be sent, to that
committee. It ought to have been so referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should say so myself;
but the petitioners, who wish to get an appro-
priation for the Wilberforce University, want to
get it out of the money appropriated for the
Freedmen's Bureau. The bill abolishing the
Freedmen's Bureau and transferring that fund
to some other purpose has gone to the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, and as a matter of
course this subject ought to go to whatever
committee has charge of the bill. I am inclined
to think the Senator from Missouri is right, that
the bill should have gone to his committee, but
the Senate has sent it to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. THURMAN. My colleague is partly
right and partly wrong. There is a measure
before the Committee on Retrenchment which
proposes to transfer all the effects of the Freed-
men's Bureau to the Bureau of Education;
and it is also true that the petitioners desire to
have an appropriation out of the means of the
Freedmen's Bureau or its educational fund ;
but their prayer is not limited to asking it out.
of that fund. They want it out of any fund.
T suppose, as the other petitions have gone to
the Committee on Education and Labor, they
had better all be referred there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These petitions
will be referred to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor.
Mr. RICK presented the petition of Read
Fletcher, of Jefferson county, Arkansas, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of James
Otis, president of the Chamber of Commerce,
and fifty-six mercantile firms of San Francisco,
against fur-seal monopolies or leasing of the
seal islands of Alaska, and in favor of another
plan l'or the preservation of the seal fisheries
and protection of the interests of the United
States in them ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CORBETT. I present the petition of
a large number of citizens of Oregon, asking
that the timber lands upon the Pacific coast
may be purchasable on survey by the pur-
chaser, or that a law be passed authorizing the
sale of trees on the stump until such time as
tlie lands may be purchasable after the usual
survey. These parties set forth in a letter to
me that there is a large number of lumbering
mills on the coast, and it is very necessary that
some action should be taken in order to place
these lands in the market, that this lumbering
business can be carried on. . There has been a
great deal of trouble in regard to cutting trees
on Government lands, and as long as they are
unsurveyed it places them at great trouble and
cost of law suits, &c. I call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
to the necessity of enacting some law on t,lie
subject. I move the reference of this petition
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Mary C. Lane, formerly of Burlington, Ver-
mont, now living in the State of Mississippi,
praying compensation for cotton taken from
her by United States troops; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
James McJessee, H. D. Astor, Thomas W.
Davis, E. Terrell, John T. Howard, Johnson
Howard, sen., William M. Lockhart, William
Sutherland, T. A. Chappell, William P. Floyd,
Charles P. Nowlin, E. K. Bird, David J. Rob-
ertson, James A. Taylor, Joseph France,
James M. Tatum, Charles Sitlington, John W.
Talley, and W. M. Buckner, of Virginia, pray-
ing^ the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a resolution
adopted at a meeting of the members of the
bar of the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in
favor of the passage of the bill (H. R. No. .
1588) to change the terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the dis-
