1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4403
move off, as a matter of course; one becomes
entitled to the whole land. This allows joint
entries of two persons occupying the same
subdivision.
Mr. HARLAN. Does this proposed amend-
ment relate to mineral lands alone?
Mr. POMEROY. The difficulty with this
amendment is that two persons can move on
every quarter section if they are not obliged
to make their joint entry bear equal dates. If
the two parties move on the sanfe day, you
might get a joint entry; but if they do not do
that the party in possession rightfully and
legally may lose half his claim the next day
by some other man coming on it. That is the
difficulty.
Mr. COLE. If there is any difficulty of
that kind, that of course would be an objec-
tion ; but on the unsurveyed 'lands it often
happens that a person gets on one hundred
and sixty acres that have been previously
occupied.
Mr. POMEROY. If both went on the land
on the same day they would have equal rights.
Mr. COLE. This amendment allows the
settlement of the joint entry of the two persons
so settling upon a subdivision. If there are
any real objections to the amendment I will
not urge it.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it should not be put
on this bill.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California withdraws the amendment.
Mr. COLE. Now let the next section be
read.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
•which was to insert as an additional section the
following:
And be it further enacted, That tho right of pre-
emption entry bo, and is hereby, granted to any per-
son or persons, citizens of the XJnited States, or hav-
ing declared their intention to become such, who are
now engaged, or may hereafter engage in the busi-
ness of actual coal mining for the purposes of com-
merce upon the public Lands, except on lands reserved
hy the President of the United States, or by statute
for public uses; and upon making satisf'actoiy proof
to the register and receiver to that effect, they shall
have the right to enter, according to legal subdivis-
ions, a quantity of land not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres in any one entry, to each person, or
association of persons jointly engaged in such coal-
mining premises and improvements: Provided, That
where such coal-mining improvements now exist on
lands surveyed at the passage of this act, a sworn
declaratory statement shall bo filed with the proper
district land office, within six months from the pas-
sage of this act, to describe the tracts, and to show
tho value and extent of the coal-mining improve-
ments thereon; that when such improvements shall
hereafter be made on surveyed lands such filingshall
bemade within three months after thecommencement
of such improvements; and where now made, or
hereafter to bemadeon unsurveyed lands,such filing
shall be made "within three months from and after
the return to the district land office of the official
plat of survey; and in all cases of claims arising
under this section proof and payment therefor shall
be made within one year from and after tho date of
the declaratory statement herein required: Andpro-
vided further, That from and after the date of this
act the minimum price of all coal lands shall be five
dollars per acre, as is now provided by law as to
other classes of mineral lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from California what the evil of the exist-
ing law is which lie proposes to cure by this
proposed legislation?
Mr. COLE. The evils at present are two.
One is the great difficulty in getting title,
which is provided for by this section ; and the
other is in charging twenty dollars an acre,
whereas this bill proposes to sell lands con-
taining the precious metals for a good deal
less than five dollars an acre. I think five
dollars an acre is certainly as much as should
be asked for the coal lands in the States. W e
know that very large proportions of some of
the new States are coal lands; and I do not
see why so large a price as twenty dollars an
acre, which is rarely received, if ever, should
be charged for the coal lands. Five dollars an
acre, I think, is ample. I would rather put it
at §2 50 than five dollars ; but I suppose five
dollars will come nearer satisfying persons
making entries, and Congress as well.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understand the honor-
able Senator, the principal object is to reduce
the price of the coal lands.
Mr. POMEROY. How many acres can be
taken under it?
Mr. COLE. One hundred and sixty.
Mr. HARLAN. I hardly think that would
be desirable
Mr. POMEROY. The difficulty is thatthere
is no given amount of improvement required.
Under this amendment a person may pretend
to be mining for coal and get one hundred and
sixty acres in violation of the preemption law,
which requires two or three prerequisites.
Eirst, it requires that he shall settle and make
improvements for the space of at least three
months before he gains any rights. In the
next place, it requires the agricultural pre-
emptor to take an oath that he has never en-
joyed preemption before. In the third place,
he is required to swear that he does not leave
his own land to go upon this, and that lie does
not own three hundred and twenty acres any-
where in the United States. This proposition
changes that whole system, and any man may
get one hundred and sixty acres by pretending
that he is digging for coal. I do not like to
change our whole land system in so intricate
and doubtful a manner. I think it ought not
to be done.
Mr. COLE. I think the guards and provis-
ions in inference to the entry of lands called
coal lands are certainly as great and carefully
prepared as are the provisions in relation to
the entry of agricultural lands.
Mr. POMEllOY. But this amendment
would repeal them.
Mr. COLE. By no means. It seems to me
to be drawn with very great care, and for the
protection of the public interests ; and it affords
the persons actually engaged in mining for coal
tho opportunity of getting a title to the land in
some way. Tobc sure, the process is intricate
and not very direct, but they want to get title.
It is everything to a man who claims coal land
or agricultural land, or mineral land, to get a
title. That is the desire on the part ot the
people of the United States who are so fond
of becoming freeholders.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator says that
the way of getting title is clear enough now,
but he objects to the price. Then I suggest
to him to amend the law so as to strike out
"twenty dollars" and insert " five dollars,"
if he desires to try that question, but do not
change the whole system of acquiring title in
this way. That is the difficulty about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California insist upon his amend-
ment ?
Mr. COLE. I should like to have a vote
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator trom Cali-
fornia.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next section.
Mr. COLE. I will not offer the next sec-
tion, which does not relate to mines or mining
laws. I shall offer no further amendments to
the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out on page 2, lines thirteen, four-
teen, and fifteen, all after the word "tracts"
to the beginning of the succeeding proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
The words proposed to be stricken out will be
read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
Stricken out, as follows :
And that two or moro persons or associations of
persons having contiguous claims may make joint
entry thereof.
Mr. HARLAN. My object in moving this
amendment is to prevent an absolute monopoly
of the placer mines by capitalists. 1 he only
part of the mining country that a poor man
can now go on is these surface mines. Any
laborer can go on them now with his pick and
shovel without paying anything; but this bill
provides, in the first place, that anybody may
buy ten acres, and then that two or more per-
sons or associations of persons may make joint
entry thereof.
Mr. POMEROY. Of ten acres apiece.
Mr. IIARLAN. Yes; so that if an individ-
ual chooses to use the names of one hundred
employfes he may enter up an entire valley
bearing the precious metals.
Mr. STEWART. I appeal to the Senator
from Iowa uot to press that amendment. I
cannot make a speech on this subject, because
I have promised not to do so. Certainly if he
understood this matter he would uot press this
amendment. We will certainly guard the bill
before we get through with it. If there is any-
body in the world against monopoly in that
line it is myself. I passed one bill through
here upon which there was some criticism ;
but it never has resulted in a monopoly. We
shall certainly guard against any possibility
of a monopoly before the hill is finally -dis-
posed of.
Mr. HARLAN. I am joining with the hon-
orable Senator in that effort.
Mr. STEWART. But some times two or
more would not be on the same quarter sec-
tion, and there should be some regulation of
this sort-
Mr. IIARLAN. I will inquire of the hon-
orable Senator what hardship would grow out
of requiring each man to enter his own tract?
Mr. STEWART. Because sometimes it
would amount to but a few feet in which he
secured an interest, and it could not bo sur-
veyed. This is a very difficult problem to allow
titles to bo extended to the worn-out placer
claims. There are two hundred thousand peo-
ple living in this region without titles to the
land; and! propose, if you allow this bill to go
through, to have the Pacific delegation called
together, to see if we cannot agreg upon some
measure to perfect titles to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why do you not do that
before you pass the bill?
Mr. STEWART. It is impossible to get
them together now. .
Mr. IIARLAN. I think this clause had
better go out.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let any amend-
ment be made that will answer the same pur-
pose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to strike out
the sixteenth section.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us hear it read.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; it is not worth
while to read it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be report-
ed, at the request of the Senator from Kansas.
Tho Chief Clerk. Section fourteen has
been stricken out, and section sixteen is now
made section fifteen. Section sixteen, as it
stood in the bill, is as follows:
Sue. 1G. And beit further enacted, That so much of
the act of March i, 1853, entitled "An act to proviflo
for the survey of tile public lands ill California, tho
granting of preemption rights, and for othor pur-
poses," as provides that none other than township
lines shall be suivcyed where tho lands are mineral,
is hereby repealed. And the public surveys are
hereby extended over all such lands. Provided, rnat
all subdividing of surveyed lands into lotsJess than
one hundred and sixty acres may be done by county
and local surveyors at the expense of the claimants.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is a good
provision. I think it ought to stay in the bill.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly it ought, lou
must extend the surveys over them.
Mr. HARLAN. If you extend the surveys
over all the mineral land of the country it will
cost a mint of money to survey the small dis-
tricts that are now desired by the honorable
Senator to be surveyed for the benefit of these
