1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
250
out from under the flag that he scorned and
despised and to go from under the protection
of the law and of the Constitution which he
abhorred? The act of Mr. Litleoln, the act
of the Secretary of War, the act of the Cabinet
in accepting these resignations, was as much an
act of patriotism as any other act performed
by those men at that time.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Will the gentleman from
Indiana allow me to make a suggestion in re-
gard to the view which I took of the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan?]
Mr. COBURN. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio to put this matter in a very
different light from that indicated by the gen-
tleman from Indiana. What i understood the
gentleman from Ohio to say was that the charge
being flagrant, actual war being then existing,
the tender of resignation by the officers of the
Army and by the men who bad been educated
at the public expense was itself, in such an
hour, an act of such a nature that instead of
their resignations being accepted they ought to
have been put under arrest.
Mr. COBURN. That was the statement of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan.] But
he began with the assertion that the object of
the war was to subvert the Government, as he
now believed, and he followed up that asser-
tion by stating this instance, as a proof among
others, that the object of the war was to over-
throw the Government. And he asserted that
Mr. Lincoln and his Cabinet in order to secure
the overthrow of the Government, in order to
furnish great leaders to an army of rebels, in
order to put power and efficiency in the hands
of traitors, allowed the leaders, the bright men
of the Army of the United States, to go over
peaceably into the ranks of treason and seize
the sword and use it against the Union.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman again
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not understand the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] to put the
case in that form. I did not understand him
to assert that the object was to help the rebel-
lion as such that it might accomplish ita pur-
poses ; but I understood him to say that there
was a predetermination on the part of certain
individuals entertaining certain ideas with re-
gard to our Government to bring on a war,
that they might thereby consolidate this Gov-
ernment and make it what our fathers never
intended it should be, a consolidated despot-
ism, a centralized Power, instead of a republic
of States.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman is entitled
to put what construction he pleases upon it. I
can put none other than I have. So much for
that.
The gentleman passed along and alluded to
our party as being a party of monarchy, and as
favoring the one-man power; an astonishing
assertion in view of the position of the Demo-
cratic party as connected with the administra-
tion of Andrew Johnson. Andrew Johnson,
the man of all others in this country in all its
history who has attempted to arrogate to him-
self the one-man power ; the man who in this
work of reconstruction sent his provisional
governors into the South and attempted by
''my policy," as it was called, to dictate to
the entire people of the South and to the entire
nation the work of reconstruction! Aud in
that attempt at dictation; in that effort to con-
trol the will and judgment and power of all
this people in the work of reconstruction,
Andrew Johnson found the Democratic party
at his heels, backing him up and aiding and
abetting him in his work of attempting to sub-
vert the just principles of this Government;
while on the other hand, asserting the power
of the people, standing from the beginning to
the end by the power of the people and claim-
ing that it is the right of the people of this
country to dictate the policy of reconstruction,
was found the Republican party, saying to this
man at the White House who wanted to force
his policy on the Government, "Sir, stand
back; it is not for one man to make lawsit
is not for the Executive to make laws; it is
not for the Executive to say how this country
shall be reconstructed ; but it is for the mighty-
voiced people." Why, sir, the Republican
party, I think, fully understand the difference
between the dictation of the President and the
legislation of the people as expressed through
the Congress of the nation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not want to impose
on the gentleman's courtesy.
Mr. COBURN. No imposition at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is inveigh-
ing against a President of the Republic whom
I certainly did not help to elect nor did any of
my political friends, and whom I supported
only when I thought his measures right; but he
is as certainly in the same breath inveighing
against the entire party to which he is now
attached, for the measures adopted by Andrew
Johnson for reconstruction were adopted, if I
ain not mistaken, in the early part of the sum-
mer, perhaps as early as May, and in the au-
tumn the Republicans of almost every State
that held a Republican State convention ap-
proved the policy of Andrew Johnson.
Let me say further, that the policy adopted
by Andrew Johnson which was called his re-
construction policy, in the reconstruction of
North Carolina, if I am not mistaken, was done
under an order or proclamation, whichever it
was called, which came down to him by regular
succession from the hands of Abraham Lin-
coln. The reconstruction policy of Andrew
Johnson was therefore a policy inherited from
Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman entirely
| mistakes the facts. The proclamation of An-
; drew Johnson, in 1865, in relation to North
Carolinaand other States, was to the effect that
the governments under the policy he then an-
nounced were to be provisional and temporary
only, and at the time that declaration was made
| the Republicans indorsed Andrew Johnson ;
i but the moment the Republican Congress as-
j sembled and asserted their right and their pre-
! rogative in the name of the nation to legislate
| upon this great question, there sprung up the
i difference between Andrew Johnson and the
! Republicans, and then it was that the Demo-
j cratic party said amen to everything that was
done by the dictator in the White House. They
| did not talk then about the power of the peo-
| pie; they were not afraid of the "one-man
| power" then; they were not afraid of moo-
| archy. The very bitterest essence of monarchy
| was enthroned in the White House and in the
| hearts of the Democratic party. Why, sir, a
| year or two after the inauguration of Andrew
I Johnson's policy, what was done down in the
State of Mississippi ? The McCardle case was
gotten up to set aside the power of the people
in reconstructing Mississippi. The people had
enacted through their Representatives in Con-
gress that there should be a military govern-
j ment there, and the Democrats got up that
j case, and to whom did they appeal? Not to
the people, but to the venerable judges who sit
here in another part of this Capitol. Those
aged men are to dictate to the mighty people
of this country a policy of reconstruction and
! how a military government is to be conducted,
! and to decide what are the Army regulations !
! Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. COBURN. I cannot yield further.
| Mr. ELDRIDGE. I simply wanted to cor-
l rect an error into which the gentleman fell in
; saying I was mistaken in regard to the facts.
Mx-. COBURN. You can have to-morrow
: to correct it. These gentlemen, not willing to
! abide by the will of a free people, got up their
| case and came here to the Supreme Court of
! the United States and asked them to dic-
; tate—what? Why, to dictate what arc Army
j regulations. I have always supposed that it
! was a regulation of the Army that it should
be governed by its generals. And yet when
Congress directed that the Army should do
such and such things in the work of recon-
struction it was not generate who were to be
appealed to, but a new system of military tac-
tics haaheen discovered by these gentlemen.
When Congress says that the generals of the
army shall arrest offenders for violations of the
law these men appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States to determine how the
generals of the Army shall act in pursuance ot
the laws of Congress regulating the Army.
According to the Democratic theory, it wo
shall hereafter be engaged in a war, instead ot
allowing generals of the Army to command it .
all we will have to do will be to put this old
Supreme Court into wagons, haul them down
to the Army and let them dictate whether a
battle shall be fought or a retreat made or
a siege undertaken. These men are always
appealing to the one-man powerover the power
of the people. So much for that.
I am sorry that I have been diverted into this
branch of the argument. My venerable friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] whose
learning, whose ability, and whose standing as
a lawyer and a judge I honor and respect,
made a remark that surprised me not a little in
relation to the very foundation of this matter
of reconstruction in Georgia, in relation to the
guarantee of a republican form of government
by the Constitution of the United States. He
said that the most astonishing thing_ in the
world was that the guarantor had come into the
I court and complained that he had not sufficiently
j carried out his own guaranty; that the guar-
antee was not complaining. Now, I think if
the gentleman had looked into the facts of the
case he would have found the guarantee in the
court. He would have found General Terry
there, who represents the United States a?
the military commander. He does not rep
resent the Army merely, or the General-in
Chief, or the President of the United States.
, but he represents the whole people of thi=
| country and is their military agent in the State
of Georgia. He comes into court, and his tesii -
j mony is that they are in a state of comparative
I revolution, of anarchy, of want of law ; that
1 there are constant murders, assassinations, and
| burnings there_, and that there are no trials i:i
! the courts of justice and no enforcement of
i public order in any shaDe.
! Mr. WOODWARD.' Will the gentleman
I allow me a moment?
; Mr. COBURN. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. Iwant to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to General Terry's lan-
guage :
" I cannot concur entirely in the views of General
Teriy."
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman is quoting
from General Halleck.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am quoting General
Terry's superior on General Terry. General
Halleck says :
"1 cannot concur entirely in the views of Goner?!
Terry. After the recognition for so long a time o:
the Stato government of Georgia by the Piesklem
and the highest military authorities, for these ofii-
cers to retrace their steps and declare their own aci-
illegal and void would not only seem inconsistent
but might produce much harm.
'Should Congress, however, decide to return th
btate to the condition of a military district under th,
reconstruction laws, on the ground that it had no;
been tullyreconstructed, theeaso would be very dii-
ierent. I therefore respectfully recommend that tUw
mauor be left tor the action of Congress."
Irefer to this for the purpose of showing that
the exaggerated statements of General Terry
which the gentleman is quoting failed of their
effect upon his superior officer, General Hal-
leck.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania totally avoids the issue in the case.
Ihe statement of General Halleck in relation
to the report of General Terry has nothing
whatever to do with the matter about which I
was speaking. I was speaking about General
Terry and the people of Georgia coming here
