1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3459
Mr. ORTH. Will the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] allow me to make a single sug-
gestion ?
Mr. HALE. I propose to call the previous
question, and then I will yield to the gentle-
roan.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now renew tho point
of order which t reserved. It is that this bill
contains an appropriation, and must go to the
Committee ot the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
part, of the bill on which the point is based.
The Clerk read as follows:
Beit enacted, t&e.. That tho Secretary of Stat# be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to sell so
many of tho registered bonds of tho United States
now under his control belonging to the Japanese
indemnity fund, as shall realize $190,000, which sum
be shall pay without delay to the Secretary of tho
Navy, wh'i shall deposit the stmo in the Treasury
of the United States and cause the whole amount
thereof to be paid to Commodore John A. Wins-
low, <feo.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
poiut of order. It directs the money to be paid
into the Treasury of the United States, and
then it appropriates it therefrom. It is an
appropriation bill.
Mr. ALLISON. Then it onght to go to the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. "Which sum he shall pay
withoutdelay to the Secretary of the Navy, who
shall deposit the same in the Treasury of the
United States." Then it takes it therefrom,
which therefore constitutes it, according to the
rules of the House, an appropriation bill, re-
quiring its first consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of $e Union. The
Chair is frank to say if that appropriation had
been left out he would not have ruled as he has.
Mr. HALE. I will strike those words oat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
amend the bill if the gentleman frotd Tennessee
insists on bis point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I insist on my point of
order for the reasons I have given.
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw the bill.
Mr. SCO FIELD. Mr. Speaker, this bill
was passed unanimously by the House during
the last Congress. It was also passed by the
Senate. The officers and crew of the Kear-
sarge have waited this long time for proper
recognition and recompense of their gallantry
and success in sinking the piratical Alabama,
Shall justice to them be still further delayed
by a technical point of order being insisted
upon? If gentlemen will revert for a moment
to the time when this naval contest took place
they cannot forget that it attracted the atten-
tion of the civilized world. Not only America,
bat England and France watched the result
with anxiety. The telegraph noted every move-
ment of either ship. At last the fight was
fought and the Alabama was sunk, and the
American people rejoiced that their commerce
upon the high seas was once more free from
the attacks of a piratical cruiser which had so
long preyed upon it. Our people were univers-
ally grateful to the officers and crew of the
Kearearge for the victory they had won for our
flag and for keeping up oar naval renown. In
that hour would not there have be6n an indig-
nant outcry if the justice due to those officers
and crew had been attempted to have been
delayed by a mere technical objection on a
point of order? Has the nation's obligation to
these gallant men been diminished by the lapse
of time? Certainly not. There is no objec-
tion to making this recompense to them. Then
why not do it now?
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
asks unanimous consent to withdraw the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Nothing can be said in
behalf of the officers and crew of the Kear-
sarge qr in praise of their exploit upon the
coast of France which I do not most cordially
indorse. I regret 1 am not able to agree to
this biil as it stands. My objection is to the
source from which this money is to be drawn.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no doubt the gen-
tlemart from Maine will have the consent of
every member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs to strike that, part of the bill out and
to make the appropriation directly from the
Treasury.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is the first morn-
ing hour of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and they can bring in an amended bill in the
next morning honr.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We can get through with
it this morning.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out all
relating to the Japanese land.
The SPEAKER. Nothing can be done
unless the question of order is withdrawn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must insist on my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill must go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not object to an
amended bill, but will support it most heartily.
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw the bill and
report it back with the provision in reference
to the Japanese fund struck out and the appro
priation made directly from the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will change
the bill so it can be read correctly.
- Mr. SCOFIELD. Let it be made to read
thus:
The sum of $190,000 is hereby appropriated out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
Sriated. to be handed over to the Secretary of the
avy, &c.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this a bounty for
gallantry ?
A Member. It is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have never heard
of any appropriations from the Treasury to
the soldiers for doing their duty. If you give
such a bounty to one branch of the service you
should give it ta the other. I object.
Mr. HALE. Then I withdraw the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is absolutely
withdrawn, and is not now before the House.
united states steamer columbine.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the bill (H. R. No. 994)
for the relief of the officers and crew of the
United States steamer Columbine; and the
same was laid on the table.
charles h. pendleton, etc.
Mr. ARCHER, from the same committee,
reported back the joint resolution (S. R. No.
96) to place the name of Charles H. Pendleton
on the Navy Register as lieutenant commander,
active list, with an amendment.
The joint resolution was re$d. It directs
that th« name of Charles H. Pendleton, lieu-
tenant United States Navy, be placed upon the
Navy Register as lieutenant commander, active
list, from the 12th day of March, 1868, with
the pay of such rank from the date of his com-
mission.
The amendment proposed to strike ont all
after the name "Charles H. Pendleton" and
to add, "and Richard P. Leary, lieutenants
United States Navy, be placed upon the Navy
Register as lieutenant commanders, active list,
from the 12th day of August, 1869, with the
pay of such rank from the date of their com-
missions;" so that it will read:
That the names of Charles H. Pendleton and Rich-
ard P. Leary, lieutenants United States Navy, be
placed upon the Navy Register as lieutenant com-
manders, active list, from the 12th day of August,
1869, with the pay of such rank from the date of their
commissions.
Mr. KELSEY. If there is a report I ask
that it be read.
Mr. ARCHER. There is no report accom-
panying this joint resolution. This is a Sen-
ate resolution containing the name of Lieuten-
ant Pendleton alone. Mr. Leary stood in
exactly the same position. They were ordered
by the Navy Department on board United
States steamers, and when they returned from
their cruise were examined, and at their first
examination failed only on seamanship with
regard to their knowledge of sailing vessels.
They were again examined about, nine months
afterward, and being found perfect in sen man-
ship, as well as in the other branches ot' their
: profession, were passed by the board. They
are both young men ; and this joint, resolution
; has only the effect of bringing them from the
; retired list and putting them on the active list
; of the Navy.
' Mr. KELSEY. Why, then, does the reso-
lution put them on the active list in August,
| 1869?
j Mr. ARCHER. Because that was the date
| of their second examination.
j Mr. PAINE. I desire to ask the gentleman
j who reports the joint resolution whether it is
I in effect an attempt by an act of Congress to
j appoint or promote officers of the Navy, and
i if so, whether it should not-rather authorize
the President to do this?
j Mr. ARCHER. They have been commis-
j sioned, and their commissions were favorably
: acted upon in the Senate, and await the pas-
! sage of this resolution.
Mr. PAINE. Would it not be best, then,
to put the resolution in the form of authoriz-
ing the President to put these officers on the
: active list? Certainly the Constitutiou of the
United States prevents our appointing or pro-
moting officers. The most we can do is to
authorize the President, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to do so, if this is
actually a case of appointment and promotion.
If this is not the case I have no objection to
the resolution. But if this is an attempt by
act of Congress to promote or appoint officers
without the appointment of the President, by
and with the advice of the Senate, then I say
such action by Congress would be unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. ARCHER. This is not an attempt to
do what is suggested by the gentleman from
Wisconsin. It is merely doing what has already
been done by many similar resolutions which
have passed Congress. The resolution only
makes a change in the position of the officers
on the Navy list. It does not even change their
designation, but simply transfers them from the
retired to the active list.
Mr. PAINE. I do not see how we have a
right to do that by act of Congress. We can
authorize the President to do it, but we cannot
do it ourselves.
Mr.-STEVENS. The gentleman from Wis-
consin will allow me to call his attention to
the fact that these gentlemen are officers of
the Navy, and this is merely a transfer from
from one grade to the other, and not an ori-
ginal appointment.
Mr. PAINE. Then there is the same diffi-
culty in the way of the transfer from one grade
to another by promotion which exists in the
case of the original appointment. Congress
has no more right to appoint or promote offi-
cers of the Navy than civil officers or officers
of the Army. If that is all there is of this case
we have no right to pass this bill.
Mrs STEVENS. This joint resolution fol-
lows the course of the precedents, I think,
from the foundation of the Government, as
the gentleman will find. It certainly follows
the course which has been adopted since I
have been a member of the committee, and I
never heard the constitutional question raised
before.
Mr. ARCHER. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider ba
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend the title
