1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55*1
41st Cono....2d Sess.
Beaufort County Sea Islands—Mr. Saiuyer.
on this old plan, and as complete and definite
as it was possible to make them.
The owners must be presumed to know the
law, and that their lands and' tenements were,
under the law, liable to assessment. They
must be presumed to know that every lot in
the town of Beaufort was taxed, and that the
only way to avoid loss of their particular lots
was to pay the tax or comply with the law as
to redemption. This higgling about the "de-
scription" is absolutely trifling, as everyone
of these parties jjnows that if his lot had been
described by attaching to it his full name he
would not have paid the tax nor redeemed the
land after the sale.
The law omitted especially to say an "accu-
rate description," or a "description by metes
and bounds," or a "description by name,"
but only said "a description." The tax com-
missioners complied as completely as in the
nature of the case it was possible to comply.
Nobody could have made a better description,
unless he had been within the rebel lines, and
had had access to rebel archives. Yet, Mr.
President, we have had a recent decision of
the district court of South Carolina that this
description in one case was imperfect; and Con-
gress is now asked to confirm the description
which was made by these tax commissioners.
There are some other of the proceedings
which it is desirable to confirm, but they are
not proceedings which were in violation of the
law at all. They are only proceedings where
there have been doubts expressed. For in-
stance, under section eleven of the act of June
7, 1862, it is provided that instead of leasing
the lands to the United Slates at the direct
tax sales the commissioners may sell them,
under the direction of the President, in parcels
not to exceed three hundred and twenty acres,
to loyal citizens, for cash, or to soldiers and
sailors in the Army and Navy of the United
States for one fourth cash and the remainder
in three years thereafter. The President of
the United States did so direct the commis-
sioners to sell; but the act not specifying what
should be done with the land not fully paid for
at the end of three years by these sailors and
soldiers, the President directed the commis-
sioners to resell. The legality of this last
direction was doubted by Secretary McCul-
loch, and it is now desired to confirm the in-
structions of the President of the United States
in that particular, and to confirm the proceed-
ings of the commissioners under those instruc-
tions. Copies of those instructions have been
printed, and I have in my possession some of
them. Executive document No. 146, Fortieth
Congress, second session, contains a copy of
the instructions of the President in that regard.
The act of February G, 1863, provided that
the President should cause part of the lands
on which the direct tax had not been paid to
be set apart for military, naval, educational,
and charitable purposes, &c., and bid in for the
United States; but the act did not provide what
should be done with the lands thus bid in. The
President instructed the commissioners to rent
the lands bid in for educational purposes, and
use the rents for the support of schools. The
tax commissioners did this, and expended the
rents for the support of schools to the extent
of about twenty-four thousand dollars. After
this had been done the Secretary of the Treas-
ury doubted the legality of that instruction of
the President, and it is desired that that in-
struction of the President of the United States,
and the action of the commissioners under it,
shall be confirmed. It is believed that these
instructions of President Lincoln were strictly
in accord vvitli the spirit of the law; certainly
were no violation of it; and yet, inasmuch as
some have doubted in this regard, it is emi-
nently desirable and entirely competent for
Congress to settle the question by formally
confirming them.
There is one other point to which I wish to
call the attention of the Senate. In the case
of the lands bought by the tax commissioners
for the Government of the United States of
course the record of the proceedings is the
real title to the land. The mere fact that they
were bought in by the tax commissioners, and
that they made a record of the fact, is enough
to establish the title in the United States, if
they were legitimately and regularly sold.
Two of the commissioners thought it best to
issue certificates of sale to the United States,
inasmuch as the law under which the sales
were made declared and provided that pur-
chasers should be entitled to such certificates.
The third commissioner thought no such cer-
tificate necessary, inasmuch as the records of
the commission, always iu possession of the
Government, were in themselves complete evi-
dence of the existence of the titlein the United
States. He therefore declined to sign the cer-
tificates in these cases.
What is the result? When the Government
subsequently sold some of these lands to third
parties, and they attempt to produce this cer-
tificate of sale, sigued by two of the commis-
sioners, in the courts as evidence of their title,
it is set aside as insufficient, because it was
said the three commissioners ought to have
signed ; and that at the time the law was
passed there was no provision that the acts
of a majority of the board should be consid-
ered as the acts of the board. Therefore the
absence of this name from the certificate tends
to throw discredit upon it as an evidence of
title, and the party buying from the Govern-
ment, and whose title is litigated, is obliged
to bring into court the original voluminous
records of the tax commission, or have exten-
sive abstracts and extracts made. Indeed, in
one case the Government, in defense of its own
title, was put to the expense of copying abstracts
of these records to the amount of $1,600, be-
cause the court declined to receive the certifi-
cate signed by two of the commissioners.
At a later period—1 do not remember the
exact date—the Government made t-lie acts of
either two of this board of commissioners
equivalent to the acts of the whole; but these
certificates of sale referred to were issued
before that time. Now, it is desired to enact
that the act lawfully performed by any two of
these commissioners, a certificate of sale signed
by any two of these commissioners, being a
majority of the board, shall be as valid as if
signed by the three. It is merely enabling a
party to put in evidence in a court of justice
the certificate of sale as evidence of his title,
instead of subjecting hini to the expense of
producing in court the records of the tax com-
missioners, or of having copies made at great
expense and inconvenience.
Mr. President, constant litigation is going on
in the State of South Carolina in reference to
the titles to these lands. There arc over twenty-
three hundred, I think now about three thou-
sand colored men who have bought lands of
the Government, believing that the Govern-
ment was going to deal with them in good faith
and insure to them a title; and yet we are by
our delay here allowing parties to bring suits
against those poor men with the purpose of
ejecting them from the land which they have
not only cultivated as slaves for generations,
but which they have cultivated as freemen for
the last seven years under the guarantee of a
title from the United States. It is now by the
delay and neglect of the Government that they
are subjected to these suits and compelled to
pay the expense of this litigation from their
hard earnings.
Now, I ask the Congress of the United States
to put this thing right, and to make good the
faith of the Government to the occupants ol
these small farms. Besides the colored pop-
ulation, Learly or quite three thousand who
have thus become landholders, there are those
who have emigrated from the North to that
State, and have settled there, and bought prop-
erty in the town and country on the same faith
of the United States, and yet they are also
subjected to this constant litigation.
Pass this bill, and it settles every point which
has been disputed, except the one which will
be raised by my Democratic friends, namely,
the constitutionality of the law of 1862. As
to the constitutionality of the law of 1862 1
do not desire to say one word. I am no lawyer ;
but good lawyers drew that act; good lawyers
have rendered decisions upon it; the judges
of the courts have yet picked no flaw in that
law which will affect the titles which have been
given in the State of South Carolina, except
such a trifle as this one of the " descriptions."
It is said, or has been said, that the President
exercised powers not specifically delegated in
the act. And yet if any one reads the act and
then reads the instructions of the President
I think, if he is not looking with microscopic
eye for some violations of it, he certainly will
notsee any. The instructions seem to be drawn
completely in the spirit of the act and hon-
estly to carry out its purposes.
There are, as I was going to say, besides
these colored men a large population from the
North who have moved in there. They are
the life of that community. The old residents
desire a settlement of this question just as much
as the colored men and the now residents. It
is a mistake to suppose that my Democratic
friends are doing a favor to the old residents
on the sea island plantations by resisting tho
passage of this bill. Some of the most respon-
sible and respectable men who once owned
those lands say, "Let this thing be settled;
quiet these titles ; let these men remain on the
soil; it has ceased to be valuable to us," And,
as 1 have remarked before, most of the owners
of the sea islands own land on the mainland
now, more than they know what to do with,
and would be glad to part with them even at
the prices fixed m this bill.
I will not trespass on the Senate longer, as
I have alrcadyuscd all the time allotted to me,
though I have not said more than half I wish
to say, and have been interrupted so frequently
that I fear my remarks will bo somewhat dis-
connected. I wish to impress upon the Senate
that tins is a practical question, in which the
pecuniary interests of the United Stales are
concerned, inasmuch as the loss to the Gov-
ernment in the last year and a half is not less
than §100,000 from neglect to provide for this
sale; the property of the Government is going
to decay, fast depreciating in value; and tho
loss to that community iu chilling all enter-
prise, hindering and preventing improvements
because of the uncertainty of titles, is very much
larger.
1 wish, Mr. President, to state the amount
of money which has been paid into the United
States Treasury by the direct tax commis-
sioners for South Carolina; and having done
that I will take my seat. 1 hope, however, to
be able to have an early opportunity, and before
this session is over, to get this subject before
the Senate and have it, decided. The lands
cannot be sold profitably except when tho
colored men of the vicinity have money. They
do not have money except just after the crops
come off, say in December and January. if
we do not pass this biil this session the sale
will have to go over to a year from next De-
cember, for v.-e shall not be here in time m
December next to pass it and have it put in
operation next winter. Consequently the Gov-
ernment will be at the expense of currying on
this tax commission for another year, and
will suffer tho loss of property which will cottle
from the dilapidation and destruction of build-
ings which belong to the Government, and from
other causes entirely beyond the control of the
