1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
So the Committee on Invalid Pensions was
discharged from the further consideration of
the papers, and they were referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812.
ANNA B. SNYDER.
Jlr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
133G) granting a pension to Anna B. Snyder;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place ou the pension roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Anna B. Snyder, mother of
Henry Snyder, late a private in compauy I,
tenth Ohio cavalry, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from and after the passage of the
act.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
for the reading of the report.
The report was read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATHANIEL C. CULVER.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 1199, for the
relief of Nathaniel C. Culver, and moved that
it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions was discharged
from the further consideration of the follow-
ing cases; and the same were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill (H. 11. No. 1198) for the relief of Mary
Conley;
A bill (H. R. No. 744) to amend an act for
the relief of Valentine Wehrheim, approved
June 12, 1870; and
The petition of Henry Kuhl and others, in
behalf of the marine band, for bonnty land.
GEORGE J. LONG WORTHY.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 18) for the
relief of George J. Longworthy; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
THO&1AS CLAIR.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1387) granting a
pension to Thomas Clair; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Thomas Clair, father of Robert Clair, late
a private in company D, twenty-seventh regi-
ment United States infantry, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from and after the
passage of this act.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previons question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTnA DAYIS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1338) granting
a pension to Martha Davis; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, Bubject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Martha Davis, widow of Clemiel Davi3, late
captain company E, Stone county regiment,
Missonri Stale militia, at the rate of twenty
dollars per month, to commence from and after
the passage of this act.
Mr. HOLMAN. The report in this case
should be read.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that Clem. Davis was enrolled as captain of
company E of the Stone county regiment of
home guards on the 10th of Juue, 1861, and
that said regiment was called into active ser-
vice by General Lyon, and that Captain Davis
was taken prisoner by the rebels and killed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time. Being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following cases;
which were laid on the table:
The petition of Thomas Smith, of Knoxville,
Tennessee ;
The petition of Stephen M. Blake, for a pen-
sion ;
Thspetition of Harriet W. Wilkinson, widow
of Charles Wilkinson, lieutenant company K,
one hundred and second regiment Pennsylva-
nia volunteers;
Memorial of Addison M. Copen, late private
company I, third United States dragoons in
the Mexican war, for a pension by special law;
The petition of Sarah A. Boyd, widow of
William A. Boyd, late lieutenant colonel of
the eighty-fonrth regiment Indiana volunteers,
for increased pension;
The petition of Susan T. Hunt, asking Con-
gress to grant her a pension as dependent
sister of John L. Hunt;
A bill (H. R. No. 531) granting a pension
to Margaret Renner, widow of John Renner,
deceased, late private in company I, eleventh
regiment United States infantry, in the late
war with Mexico; and
The petition of James H. Maguire, of Ma-
lone, New York, for an act authorizing the
payment of his pension from the date of the
application therefor.
MARIA LEA.
Mr. BENJAMIN also reported from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, a bill (H. R.
No. 1369) for the relief of Maria Lea; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
pension heretofore granted to Seth Lea by vir-
tue of an act of Congress entitled "An act for
the relief of Seth Lea," approved July 27,
1868, be continued to Maria Lea, his widow,
at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, to
commence from and after the passage of this
act, and to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman please
explain the nature of the bill?
Mr. BENJAMIN. This pension was granted
by a special act to this person's husband, who
was disabled while in the service, and after-
ward died from the results of his injuries. This
bill continues the pension to the widow.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not that provided for
by a general law?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is provided for by the
general law where the pensions are granted
by the general law: but this pension was granted
by a special act. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previons question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereofthe bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee from Ohio, [Mr.
Wilson.]
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, from the Conynittee
on Invalid Pensions, reported adversely on the
following bill and petitions; and the same
were laid on the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 17) to increase the pension
of George H. Blackmail;
The petition of James Dowd, guardian, &c.,
for the relief-of Charles M. Brown;
The petition of Theodore Kirner, for an
invalid pension; and
The petition of John B. Miller, for a pension.
SARAH BARRY.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also reported from
| the Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill (H.
1 R. No. 1340) granting a pension to Sarah
Barry, of Jackson county, Tennessee; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Sarah Barry, widow of David L. Barry,
late private of company A, thirteenth Tennes-
see cavalry.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JACOB SHY.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also reported back
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, with
the recommendation that they be discharged
from its further consideration, the bill (H. R.
No. 76) granting a pension to Jacob Shy, and
moved that the said bill be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE C. IIAYNIB.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also reported back
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, with
the recommendation that they be discharged
from its further consideration, the bill (H. R.
No. 29) for the relief of George C; Haynie,
and moved that the said bill be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
EDMUND JOHNSON.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1341)
franting an increase of pension to Edmund
ohnson; which was read a first and second
time. . . ,
The question was on ordenng the bill to be
1 engrossed and read a third time.
I The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to increase the pension now paid to Edmund
! Johnson, late captain of company E, thirty-
first regiment New York volunteers, to twerny-
five dollars per month; the said increase to
date from the 1st of September, 1868.
i The report was read.
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
