1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5347
Atwood, Barry, Beatty. Benjamin, Benton, Blair,
Buffinton, Burchord, William T. Clark, Conger,
Covode, Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Donley, Duval,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale,
Hamilton, llawley, Hill, Hoar, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Ktiapp, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Mc-
Caithy, Meicur, lUliakim II. Moore, William Moore,
Ortb, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Peters,
Phelps, l'latt, Prosser, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck.
Bcofield, Shanks, William J. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Steven?,
Stoke?, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Townsend,
Tvvichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Van Wyt-k,
Wallace, Wnid, William B. Washburn, Welker.
"Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, and Wil-
liams—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Banks, Barnum,
Lcaman, Bennett, liowen, Benjamin F. Butler,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Degener, Dickey,
Dockery, J)ox, Eia, Farnsworth, Fitch, Gibson,
H;iidenian, Hambloton, Ha.y, llctlin, Hoge, Holuian,
Ilotchki^s, Alexander II. Jones, Lailin, Lynch,
Maynard, McCrary,McGrew, Milnes, Daniel J. Mor-
rcll. Samuel P. Morrill, Morrisscy, Myers, Newsham,
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Randall,llidgway, Rogers,
Sanlord, Sehutnaker, Porter iStieldon, Shober. Slo-
cuui, Stone, Strader, Tanner, Taylor. Van llorn,
Voorhees, JohnT. Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—57.
So the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote agreeing to the resolution
was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. PAINE. Notice wasgiven a day or two
ago that the contested-election case of'Zeigler
vs. Rice, from the State of Kentucky, would
be called up to-day; but, in consequence of the
arrangement to give to-day, after the morning
hour, to the Committee on the Judiciary, I have
decided not to call up that case to day, butgive
notice that I will call it up to-morrow morning
after the reading of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of business. To-day, after the morn-
ing hour, was assigned to the Committee on the
Judiciary, but so as not to interfere with the
consideration of the deficiency bill reported
from the Committee on Appropriations. If
the House should now take up the deficiency
bill the Judiciary Committee would not be en-
titled to the floor after that bill was disposed of,
because there would then be a morning hour,
ia which reports ou private bills would be in
order.
Mr. DAWES. I do not suppose that it will
take half an hour. I think it is important it
should go out of the House to the Senate
to day.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope, by unanimous
consent, the House will entertain that bill in
the House as in the Committee of the Whole;
and after it has been disposed of we can then
submit our reports from the Committee on the
Judiciary. I now move that the morning hour
for to-day be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. That will give the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary the whole of the rest of
the day after the deficiency appropriation bill
has been disposed of.
enlistment in tiie marine corus.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 359) in relation
to enlistments into the Marine corps, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that from and after the 1st day of July A. D.
1870, the enlistments into the Marine corps
shall be for a period of not less than five years ;
and that all payments of ail increase of pay ou
account of reenlistments under the act of
August 4, 185-1, heretofore made on a basis of
four years' enlistments in said Marine corps
shall be credited to the disbursing officer.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It only corrects an error
in the act of 1854, which authorized them to
be enlisted for four years instead of five years.
Credits have been made as if for five years.
Mr. Brodhead, the Second Comptroller, de-
tected the error, and the correction ought to
be made. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT DP.EDGING-MACIIINES.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
ho is hereby, requested to inform this House whether
he has authorized the hiring out of any of the Gov-
ernment dredging-raachines for private use in the
bay ot San Francisco; and if so, by what authority
said contracts of hiring or lease were made.
Mr. KBLSEY. The resolution should be
"directed," and not "requested."
Mr. JOHNSON. I will so modify my reso-
lution.
There was no objection ; and the resolution,
as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alabama and florida volunteers.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, by unanimous cousent, reported
back a bill (S. No. 47G) to fix the status of
certain Federal soldiers enlistingin the Union
Aimy from the States of Alabama and Florida,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the Secretaryof theTreasury, and all other
officers of the Government who have authority
to act iu such cases, be, and are hereby, directed
to audit and pay the claims for bounty of the
enlisted men who composed the first regiment
of Alabama cavalry and the first and second
regiments of Florida cavalry, United States
volunteers, as is provided for enlisted men in
other volunteer organizations, under the pio-
visions of an act entitled "An act to regulate
and provide for the enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and for other purposes,"
approved July 4, 1864; and all claims for
bounty made by enlisted men, or their proper
heirs, of the first regiment Alabama cavalry,
United States volunteers, shall be paid in the
same manner and subject to the same regula-
tions and restrictions, and in the same sums,
according to their periods of enlistment, pre-
cisely as if they had enlisted after the passage
of the act above recited. The second section
provides that this act shall be in force from
and after its passage.
Mr. LOGAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
'The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
williaji eddy.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table a bill (£1. II. No. 2241) for the relief of
heirs of William Eddy, deceased,'which lias
been returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment.
There was no objection, and the bill was
taken up and the amendment of the Senate
read, as follows:
Strike out all of the bill after tho cnacting clause,
and insert ns a substitute :
That the Socretaiy of tlie Treasury be authorized
and directed to issue to the heirs of William Eddy,
formerly of Royalston, m the State ot Massachusetts,
now deceased, a dii plicate coupon bond of tho denoxa-
imt tmn ot ^l.OJO, ot the iuurth series under the act of
tho -5th February, ISO-, numbered -U97I, beaiiug in-
terest from November 1,1883, in place of a like coupon
i ioJuSt? to the said William Eddy on or about
tile 18th day of December, 1853, and which bond, with
tho coupons a ttached, itis alleged were consumed by
lire on the 21st day of March, 1864. while still the
property ot said Eddy: Provided, That before Kie
issue of such bond thu said heirs of William Eddv
execute a bond to the United States in such penalty
and with such security as the Secret-iry ot the Tr.-rs-
ury shall require", conditioned that tlie obligators will
indemmfvand saveharmless thetinitedStates against
any loss by reason of the possible existence of the
bond so alleged to be destroyed.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee of conference.
The SPEAKER announced that Mr. Brooks,
of New York, declined to serve on the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the funding bill, and
that Mr. Maksiiall would be appointed in his
stead.
ti3i1s fok congressional elections.
Mr. PxYINE. I ask unanimous consent that
the amendments of theSenate to House bill No.
1705, fixing the time for electing Representa-
tives to Congress, be printed with the bill.
There being no objection, the order to print
was accordingly made.
public building at knoxy1lle, tennessee.
Mr. SARGENT, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 800) to explain an act approved
March 3, 1869 ; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the act approved March G, 1869,
making an appropriation for the completion
of the custom-house, court-house, and post
office building at ICnoxville, East Tennessee,
shall be deemed and held to include and re-
vive all prior unexpended appropriations for
the same object.
Mr. SARGENT. I have a letter here from
the Secretaryof theTreasury, which I ask may
be printed in the Globe.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let it be read now.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well; I ask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office or thk Secretary, June 8,1870.
Sir: The act of March 3,1869, making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for tlie year ending June 30,1870, and for other pur-
poses, made an appropriation of $3,000 in addition
to the former appropriations for the completion of
the custom-house, court-house, and post-onice build-
ing atKnox.vilIe,EastTemiessce. (Statutes-at-Large.
volume 15, page 305.)
The Comptrollerdecides that this phraseology docs
not rna ko available tho former appropriations re-
ferred to.
The appropriation of S5.000 is manifestly inade-
quate even for the commencement of the work, and
X therefore respectfully recommend the passage of
adeclaratory act making available the former a impro-
priations referred to in the act first mentioned.
Very respectfully.
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. Henry L. Dawes, Chairman C'oimniUee on
Appropriations, House of liepresentatives.
_ Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is not this substan-
tially an appropriation for a new Government
building in the city of Knoxville? And did
not the Committee on Appropriations pledge
its word that if any new buildings were pro-
vided for there should be provision made lor
one at St. Louis?
Mr. CONGER. And also one atPort Huron,
in the State of Michigan?
Mr. SARGENT. One question at a time,
if gentlemen please. This is not substantially
or otherwise an appropriation lor a new Gov-
ernment building. In 18GG an appropriation
of §95,000 was made for this buildirg, und
another of $o,000 iu 1800. In the additional
