'4404
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Mr. STEWART. There are over two hun-
dred thousand people living on these lands
now without homes or without titles to them,
and they have got their little orchards and so
on. The object is to extend the surveys and
give them a chance to acquire title and then
make improvements.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill is taking so
.much time that I really must call for the regu-
lar order.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois demands the regular order.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not. Let ua take
a vote on this bill. I am willing that the sec-
tion shall be stricken out. I will consent to
anyamendment in order to get the bill through.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
consents that the section be stricken out, I
hope the vote will be taken.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator. from Illinois yield to allow a vote to be
taken on the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments he
engrossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
apportionment of uepresentatiqjj.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theregularorder
is now before the Senate, being the bill (H. R. '
No. 1823) to provide for the apportionment of
Representatives to Congress among the several
States; the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont not
now in his seat, [Mr. Edmunds,] to strike out
" 1871" and to insert "1873 so that the bill
shall take effect from and after the 3d day of
March, 187S.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to state
what the efiiect of that amendment is. It is to
prevent this apportionment of representation
going into effect until 1873. I have already
commented upon it. The Senate understand
it, and I trust will not agree to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I desire to
have this question fully understood. This is
the amendment of my colleague, I believe?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This amend-
ment will just leave the legislation what it has
been in times past. It will leave this appor-
tionment to take place two years hence, and
allow Congress to examine the returns, and
not allow the apportionment to be made merely
by a subordinate officer of the Interior De-
partment ; for it will depend upon him entirely
■what number of Representatives shall be dis-
tributed all over the country.
I do not expect that this amendment will be
adopted. I only wish to speak upon it long
enough to have Senators understand what it is.
I have no question myself but that the proper
course would be to postpone this bill until
after the census has been taken. This legis-
lation now is altogether in the dark. But I
know that whatever inconvenience it may be
to some States, the majority will not heed at
the present time any appeals in relation to
such inconvenience. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to have the amend-
ment reported at the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section one, line four, to strike out
"1871" and insert "1878;" so as to read:
"that from and after the 3d day of March,
1873, the House of Representatives shall be
composed," &c.
Mr. RICE. I am paired on this question
with the Senator from New York, [Mr. Coxk-
ung.] If lie were here he would vote "yea,"
and I should vote "nay."
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to state that my
colleague [Mr. Wiliey] has been called home
for a lew days necessarily. I do not know hw
he would vote upon the subjeot if he were
present.
The question being.taken by yeas and pays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Hamlin, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Scott,' ^Prague,
and Sumner—9. " ' -
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bowman, Casserly,
Chandler, Da™, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Ilowell, Lewis, Me-
Creery, MoDonfcld, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Sherman, Spencer, Stew-
art, Stockton, Thayer, Trumbull, Vickera, and
Warner—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Author, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Oor-
bett, Cragiu, Drake, Edmunds, denton, Ferry,.Elan-
a?an, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Johnston, Kellogg,
Horton, Patterson, Pool, Bevels, Rice, Saulsoury,
Sawyer, Schurz, Thurm&n, Tipton. Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the number of Rep-
resentatives stand now at two hundred and
seventy-five in the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It stands at three
hundred by a yea and nay vote in the Senate
after the bill had been reported to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
vote on increasing the number to'three'hun-
dred, and I call for the yeas and nays upon
that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has been adopted
in committee and in the Senate on a yea and
nay vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
privilege of voting on it, and calling for the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It"can only be
done by a motion to recoasider being entered
by some Senator who voted on the prevailing
side. The amendment was adopted by a vote
of 30 to 21.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ohio
can tell us how he would have voted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should have voted "no."
Mr. POMEROY, Well, you will get the
benefit of that statement in the Globe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not usually in the
habit of putting my opinions in the Globe in
that way. I call for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The amendments w.ere ordered to be .en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
.The VICE PRESIDENT. On the passage
of the bill the Senator from Ohio demands the
yeas and naya. ' 1 , .
. The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RIC'E. I desire to state that upon this
question I am paired with the Senator from
New York [Mr. Coxklkcg.] If he were here
he would vote "nay," and I should vote
"yea."
Mr. THAYER. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patteksox.]
Were he present he would vote "nay," and I
should vote "yea."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
state that my colleague is paired on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Schurz.] If he were present he would vote
" nay," and the Senator from Missouri would
vote "yea."
The question being taken by 3Teas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard. Boreman,
Casserly, Chandler, Dayis. Fowler, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Howard, Howe. Howell, Lewis. McCreery, Mc-
Donald, Morton. Kye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Spencer, Sprague, Stew-
ard Stockton, Ti-nmbull, and Warner—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Colo, Drake, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Seott, feherman, Sumner, and Yickers—10.
agan, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Johnstou, Kel-
logg, Norton, Patterson, Pool, Revels, liiec, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Schurz, Thayer, TImrmau, Tipton,
Witley, Williatas; Wilson, and Yates—32.
So the bill was passed.
order of .business.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
ro r in the chair.) The Calendar is now under
consideration, apd Senate biUNo. 249 is before
the Senate.
•Mr-. SUMNER. I was about to suggest that
the Senate should proceed to,consider unob-
jected bills on the Calendar, taking up the Cal-
endar where we left off four weeks ago. It
seems to lie that in that way we may dispose
of thirty of forty bills to-night.
Mr.-SPRAGUB. That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
can proceed in that way by unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I would then move thatthe
Senate proceed to the consideration of unob-
jected billsj taking up the Calendar where we
left off on the former occasion.
Mr. THAYER. Last Friday evening?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; four or jive weeks
^Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I can make a
suggestion to the Senate that will meet its ap-
probation and save us a good deal of time.
There is an important bill here now connected
with the one We have just passed, a bill fixing
the tirpe for the electioii of members of Con-
gress. If "we can take that np and pass it at
once, for we all understand it—We have just
been discussing it upon thlsotherbill—it would
save us, perhaps, a day sometime hereafter. It
has passed,the House pf ItepreSSntatives. It
is a bill fixing the election' of members of Con-
gress throughout the JJnion on the Tuesday
after the first Monday in November, so as to
make ita uniform time throughout the country.
I think there can be no 'object in debating it.
The election ought to be on a uniform day. I
hope the Senator from Massachusetts will
allow this bill to come up, and that by general
consent we may aqthpon it and dispose of it,
for it is a bill that certainly will occupy some
time. I will make that motion, if it is in order.
Mr. S UMNER. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator that if we take up unobjected bills, here
are some ten pages of the Calendar that we
have not gone over; and I think we might act
on thirty or forty bills before we go home to-
night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator from Illinois make a motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
House bill Noi 1705j fixing a uniform time for
tlie '^teetion of members of Congress.
Mr. $HE,RMAN> I will state a reason why
that bill ought not to he taken up. It specially
applies to the elections this fall. By the con-
stitution of the State of Ohio, and I think it is
the same with Indiana, and perhaps several
other States, the elections for members of
Congress are held on the second Tuesday of
October.
Mr. HARLAN, l'n my State the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is true Congressmay
change the time of holding the congressional
elections. I believe the election in Pennsyl-
vania is also held on the second Tuesday of
October. I am quite sure their State election
is on the same day.
Mr. SCOTT. That is the day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, to have a law passed
by Congress changing the constitution of the
State, and also the laws of the State, would be
exceedingly embarrassing unless the Legisla-
ture could be convened to conform the various
laws relating to the elections to the action of
Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him, how could the Legislature change
the constitution if it were to meet together?
We have got to do it by act of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but that
bill would compel two elections to be held in
the State of Ohio within two or three weeks.
Before this olnuigo is made by an act of Con-
gress the States ought to have an opportunity to
postpone their State elections until that time.
Otherwise, we shall put the people to very
