2516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Mr. SUMNER. I follow the lead of the
chairman of tlie Committee on Indian Affairs
in that matter.
Mr. HARLAN. I have expressed my opin-
ion in favor of the adoption of this resolution.
I think it ought to be adopted, but I do not
think it is necessary to enter into a discussion
of the subject in order to enable Senators to
understand the object of raising this committee.
It is well known to every member of this body
that there is a contrariety of opinion between
this body and the other on the subject of the
proper management of Indian affairs. I know
of no better way of securing harmony in the
action of the two bodies than to appoint a joint
committee, a special committee, who will be
able to confer, and in this way compare the
views that are entertained hero with the views
that arc entertained there. It would seem to
me thai, no one could entertain an adverse opin-
ion to that which I have expressed if I had not
heard that adverse opinion advanced.
It was said by some one in the Senate that
joint committees ought not to be appointed
unless on some very extraordinary occasion.
Well, sir, if tlia propriety of the appointment
of this joint committee is to bo placed on that
theory, the occasion has arisen. There is a
conflict of opinion, a well-known conflict of
opinion, which extends from these Chambers
to the whole country, and tliere is a great
necessity for harmony in the action of the two
branches of Congress if it can be attained.
Home member of this body expressed a fear
thut if this joint committee were raised it might
result in some gigantic land grants to railroads.
Why, Mr. President, a moment's reflection
would convince any Senator that nothing of
that kind could occur, because those questions
are never referred by either branch of Congress
to the Committees 011 Indian Affairs. Land
grants_ for the construction of railroads arc
either referred to the Committees on Public
Lands of the two bodies, or to the Pacific Rail-
road Committees. Tliere is the same propriety,
therefore, in raising this committee that there
would be in raising a committee of conference
where there is a disagreement in relation to the
pas-age of a single bill, with a view of compar-
ing the opinions of the two bodies on the sub-
ject in blind.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor be good enough t,o inform the Senate what
are the points of difference of opinion between
the two Houses?
Mr. HARLAN. I would hardly have time
to go into that, now.
.Mr. HOWARD. T should like to have him
sketch those differences.
Mr. HARLAN. I may mention to the honor-
able Senator one thing which ought to be conclu-
sive, and I think will ho to his mind. The House
of Representatives last year insisted on dis-
regarding all treaties made with the Indians
since a oertain day in the year 18G7, refused
to appropriate a single dollar to carry into
effect those treaties, and I may say, with great
respect for this body, it was weak enough to
yield the point to the House, and thus dis-
regard the obligations of the nation in the ap-
propriation of the money which the nation had
agreed to give in carrying into effect the In-
dian policy. When there is a conflict of opin-
ion so grave as this, as to justify the House of
Representatives in refusing to appropriate
money to carry into effect existing laws, and
when there is a sufficient reason for that objec-
tion on the part of the House to justify the
Senate in concurring with them in opinion, at
least temporarily, it seems to me it raises facts
sufficient to justify the Senate in agreeing to a
committee of conference in order that these
conflicts of opinion may be compared, and
harmonv, if possible, recured.
Mr. TIIURilAN. Mr. President, I wish to
sri.y a few words in reply to a remark that fell
from the. chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who I suppose alluded to some re-
marks I made the other day, in which 1 ex-
pressed my fear that this was part of a grand
scheme ofjand-grubbing. He says that can-
not be so, because bills proposing l«md sub-
sidies for railroads never go to the Committee
on Indian Affairs. That is very true ; but yet
there may be a foundation laid in our poliey
toward the ludians which will open lands
secured to the in by treaty to railroad grants,;
and that is precisely what I apprehend in this
case,
It is perfectly well understood that there are
two policies advocated in regard to the In-
dians : one is to observe our treaties with them,
to keep the treaties to which tho faith of the
nation is solemnly plighted, and for which the
nation has received a consideration; the other
is to disregard those treaties, to declare the
Indians either citizens 01- subjects of the United
States, to destroy their independent tribal or-
ganizations totally, to hold them to be incapa-
ble of making treaties in future, and to reduce
them to the situation of citizens, or at least of
mero denizens of the Republic. The latter is
the policy that is strongly advocated by many,
and at the bottom of that policy, us I think,
lies the idea of abrogating the treaties \vhich
secure tomanyof the Indian tribes their landed
possessions, in order that those lands may be
made the prey of speculators grasping for them
under railroad charters and railroad grants.
Why, sir, look at the Indiau country west of
Arkansas, that country which was set apart for
them under General Jackson's administration
in exchange for the lands which they owned in
Georgia and Florida; that land for which the
Indians paid a perfectly full and valuable con-
sideration ; that land upon which they have
progressed further toward civilization than any
Indians in North America have over progressed
toward civilization. Does not every Senator
know that this scheme is to destroy their tribal
organizations, to destroy their semi-independ-
ency ; to plant over them a territorial govern-
ment to make them subjects or citizens, or at
least denizens of the United States, and thus
to open the whole of their land to the railroad
corporations who are coveting it so much with
the railroads they propose to ran through it.
Now, Mr. President, as to this question be-
tween the Senate and the House of Represent-
atives, what is it? The House, or at least some
members of the House, do not wish to exccutc
the solemn treaties of the nation; the Senate
does wish to execute them. That is a question
that is not (it for any joint committee to con-
sider. You might as well have had a joint
committee on Alaska when the House refused
to appropriate money to pay for Alaska. If
we .should ratify a treaty for the purchase of
St. Thomas or for the annexation of Dominica,
and the House should refuse to appropriate the
money, you might as well talk about a joint
committee to consider that subject. There is
no propriety in it. There would be more pro-
priety in it in such a ease as that than in such
a case as this.
I wish to say one thing more upon this sub-
ject. Of all subjects which the Senate ought
not to be willing to confide to a joint commit-
tee, a subject which involves the treaty-making
power, which belongs to the Executive aud
to the Senate alone, is the subject upon which
there ought to be no joint committee. If you
make a joint committee to consider this sub-
ject, of iive members of the Senate and live
members of the House, what will be a majority
of that joint committee? if the House mem-
bers go solid, and there is one single Senate
member of that committee who joins with them,
you will have a majority of that committee,
six to four, to recommend the same measure
in both branches. With four of your own mem-
bers against one, yet there is a majority to
report the same measure here aud to report it
in the House.
I do not wish, however,to take up anymore
time on this subject. I have spoken upon it
again and again. I hope that the motion of
the Senator from Vermont will prevail.
Mr. STEWART. I hope it will not prevail.
I think it is time this question was examined,
and examined carefully.- It;ig acknowledged
by the country that-tfeejfe is aa abase ; thftt owr
policy is a failure; and when the House of Rep-
resentatives desires to have a joint examina-
tion of the questionit seems -to nie it is high
time to have,it.
Mr* DRAKE. There is one fact connected
with this question which it s§ems to me ought
to be decisive against the proposition. In con-
nection with this resolution there has occurred
what never occurred before in the history of
America in legislation: three tic votes have
occurred in connection with it, Wow, sir, if
there were a general sentiment in the Senate
iu favor of this joint committee, and a general
sentiment in the House in favor of it, it might
be urged upon us with the vehemence that it
is ; but when it is evident that if it can be passed
at all it can only be passed by one or two ma-
jority, or perhaps by the casting vote of the
Vice President, it is a thing whi'ch", in riiy opin-
ion, ought not to be urged in this manner upon
the Senate.
Sir, I see no good in it whatever, but a great
deal of evil. 1 see no good in the'Senate suf-
fering itself to agree to a proposition which is
to abandon its position as the treaty-making
power of the Government. Sir, We have the
power here to make treaties, and the Supreme
Court of the United States has affirmed that
the Indian tribes are by the Constitution con-
sidered to beforeign nations, and that we must
treat with them. And now the attempt is made
to throw aside that character which they have
under the Constitution, and the whole policy of
the Government in connection with them, and
enter upon a system of legislation to be blocked
out,, in the first instance, bya joint committee,
six out of ten of whom can prescribe, as the
Senator from Ohio has'just said, a policy for
both Houses.
Mr. President, entirely disclaiming any per-
sonal reference to the Senator from Iowa in
this connection, 1 express my profound con-
viction and my Unquestioning belief that there
is a vast scheme of rascality hid away under
this resolution. I do not mean to say that any
Senator who advocates the resolution sees it;
I do not mean to say that I can put my finger
upon the facts which will prove it; but I have
the conviction that it is a wrong, that there is
wrong under it, that rascality will grow out of
it in some shape or other; and, entertaining
this conviction, 1 am opposed to it totally.
Mr. STEWART. I have not only a convic-
tion, but I have most conclusive proof that
there is a constant system of rascality going on
now with regard to this matter. I believe that
is acknowledged all over the country; and I
think it is quite time, when it is acknowledged
by everybody that there is a rascally and bad
system going on, that we should havean invest-
igation of it. I do not think the member of
the other House, Mr. Dawes, who introduced
this resolution there introduced it for any other
purpose than a good purpose of investigation.
J f I thought it had any other purpose I should
certainly be opposed to it; but knowing that
this subject ought to be carefully investigated,
knowing that it is the most important subject
now which Congress has to deal with, because
the Indian system is the most expensive system
we have, I think we should have a full investi-
gation and a tair understanding of the question,
and let the proper measures come before each
House alter there has been an investigation.
That is all we want.
But it is said there havebeen three tie votes
on this proposition, and that is an ill omen.
For which side? The Senator from Missouri
seems to think that because his side has got so
near success as to have a tie vote three times
the other side should give way. Did not the
other side come just as near winning as he did ?
And should not that circumstance appeal to
him to cease his fierce opposition?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this resolu-
tion, as I understand, comes from the other
House. An allusion has already been made to
the gentleman who there introduced it. Docs
