1572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
would ask if this bill does not give an increase
of pension above the amount that the law
allows to officers?
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is the pay of a cap-
tain who is totally disabled. The gentleman
will find it in the law of 1856. A private
receives the same.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. STRICKLAND, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported adversely on the
following petitions; which were severally laid
on the table:
The petition for arrears of pension of Frank-
lin Stoker, company K, fourth Indiana volun-
teers ;
The petition of Nancy A. Hammond, widow
of George W. Hammond, company M, seventh
Ohio volunteers;
The petition of Rudolf Sherriganj company
E, one hundred and fifty-ninth New York vol-
unteers, for a pension;
The petition of Almira Harrick, widow of
Jesse D. Herrick, company 6, thirty-first Iowa
volunteers, for a pension; and
The petition of Sarah Snyder, mother of
Lucius C. Snyder, company K, first regiment
Mississippi marine brigade.
EHHA III. glOORE.
Mr. STRICKLAND, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1342) grant-
ing a pension to Emma M. Moors; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the pen-
sion heretofore granted by the Department of
the Interior to Mrs. Emma M. Cox, widow of
Lieutenant John W. Cox, late of the United
States Navy, and which was discontinued in
consequence of the marriage of the said Mrs.
Emma M. Cox with Edwin W. Moore, be
revived at the rate of twenty-five dollars per
month to Mrs. Emma M. Moore, to continue
during widowhood, to commence at the passage
of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report was read. It sets forth that the
petitioner, the widow of Lieutenant John W.
Cox, of the United States Navy, who lost his
life in active service in 1842, was granted a
Eension of $300 per annum after the death of
er said husband until the year 1847, at which
time she married Captain Edwia W. Moore;
that her said husband died in 1865, leaving her
without means; and that she is still in needy
circumstances and without means of support,
and is dependent on the bounty of her friends.
Mr. HuLMAN. I observe from the report
that this lady received a pension on account
of the death of her husband in the public
service. She afterward married again and by
the general law lost her pension. Her second
husband has died, and this bill proposes to
revive her original pension. I must say that
it seems to me that it is an exceedingly just
proposition. I think the pension in such cases
ought to be revived, and that there aught to be,
in faet, a general law on the subject, and
especially where it is shown, as in this case*
that the widow, after the death of the second
husband, is in needy circumstances, requiring
the aid of tb« Government. I hope that not
only will this bill pgss, but that the committee
will consider the propriety of reporting a gen-
eral bill extending its provisions to all cases
which come within thijj cla&$.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I will onjy add to
what the gentleman ha? said that th$ petitioner
in this case by her second mar^age saved
the Government $6,000, and therefore for the
remnant of her life she ought to have this
pension reatored to her.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRICKLAND moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANN ANNIS.
Mr. STRICKLAND, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, also reported a bill (H.
R. No. 1343) granting a pension to Ann Annis;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the- pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Ann Annis,
widow of Henry Annis, late second lieutenant
company G, fifty-first regiment United States
colored volunteers, to commence at and from
i the passage of this act.
j Mr. STRICKLAND. I call the previous
: question.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the gentleman with-
' draw that motion to allow me to offer an
amendment?
| Mr. STRICKLAND. I will.
! Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend this bill
I by striking out the words " the passage of this
act" and inserting in lieu thereof "April 27,
I 1865, that being the date of the death of her
j husband."
i Mr. BENTON. I notice that the chairman
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions [Mr.
Benjamin] is not in his seat at this moment.
The committee considered the question of
allowing the pension from the date of the rea-
s6n for which the pension is given, and they
finally came to the conclusion that inasmuch
as the pension was a gratuity on the part of
the Government it was better in all cases to
have the pension run from the date of the pas-
sage of the act granting it, and we have uni-
formly adhered to that rule. Now, I think it
would be a bad precedent to select out one
case, and give a pension for several years back,
and let others equally deserving only date from
the passage of the act. We have adopted a
rule, and we should adhere to it, I think, in all
cases, if it is to be adhered to at all.
Mr. SAWYER. Has not a different rule
been frequently followed in other cases ?
Mr. BENTON. Not since I haye been a
member of the committee, and I see no rea-
son why it should be in this particular case.
Mr. SAWYER. I think the true rule to
apply is the one I have embodied in my amend-
ment ; but I will not take up the time of the
House in discussing it, for 1 do not deem it
necessary to do so.
The amendment moved by Mr. Sawyer was
then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and paBsed.
Mr. STRICKLAND moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DELXLAII ROBERTSON.
Mr. HEFLIN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1344) granting a pension to Delilah Robert-
eon, of Macon, Missouri; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
bs engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Delilah Rob-
ertson, of the city and county of Macon, Mis-
souri, the widow of John H. Robertson, late
a private in company C of the eleventh regi-
ment of Missouri State militia, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence from
and after the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HEFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
R. B. GIBBS.
Mr. HEFLIN, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of members of the
Legislature and others, of the State of Tcn-
i nessee, for the relief of R. B. Gibbs, who was
made a cripple for life while rendering im-
portant services to the Government of the
United States ; and moved that the Committee
on Invalid Pensions be discharged from its
further consideration, and that the same be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and it was
ordered accordingly.
BOUNTIES TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. HEFLIN, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of a committee of
colored men of Kentucky, to have the word
"slave" taken off the rolls, so as to make the
bounty equal to all soldiers ; and moved that
the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the same be referred to the Committee on
' Military Affairs.
| The motion was agreed to; and it was
j ordered accordingly.
| NATIONAL ASYLUM FOR VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. LOGAN. With the consent of the
members of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, who are entitled to this morning hour,
I ask leave to report back from the Committee
on Military Affairs, for action at this time, a
joint resolution of the Senate on a subject of
interest to soldiers.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani •
mons consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same do pass, a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 117) to pass to the credit of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers the funds belonging to it, for the relief
of sick and wounded soldiers.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the unexpended balance of the fund created
by the seventeenth section of the act approved
February 24, 1864, for the benefit of the sick
and wounded soldiers, to be transferred to the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers, for the support of its beneficiaries. It
further provides that the moneys withheld be-
cause of the desertion of any person from the
volunteer forces of the United States who is
borne on the rolls as a deserter shall not be
paid to him except the record of desertion
shall have been canceled on the sole ground
that such record had been made erroneously
and contrary to the facts, but such moneys
1 shall be and remain the property of the Na-
tional Asylum for Disabled Volnnteer Soldiers,
!; for the support of its beneficiaries.
j The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
' by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
; also moved that the motion to reconsider be
' laid on the table.
I The latter motion was agreed to.
I IGNATIUS II. HUTCgI#S.
! Mr. BENTON. The Committee on Invalid
.. Pensions have considered the case of Ignatius
