260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
and complaining of outrages, and wrongs, and
crimes, and anarchy, and disorders, and dissen-
sions in the State of Georgia. General Halleck
says nothing about them. He talks about the
law of the case when he says "IeawaotcQBCur
entirely iu the views of General Terry." He
does- not say that he does not concur m his
statements of facts, in his history of transac-
tions there, but that he does not concur m his
le^al views. General Terry goes on to say that
he° thinks Congress should intervene and set
aside the State government of Georgia as it
now exists. General Halleck does not concur
with him in his opinion as to the manner m
which those people should be dealt with. But
so far as regards any complaint of wrongs ; so
far as regards any account ot outrages ; so lar j
as regards the history of those transactions,
General Halleck in no respect differs from
General Terry.
But who else complains ? What other guar-
antee comes here into court and makes com-
plaint? The Governor of the State, Mr.
Bullock. Although that officer has been at-
tacked here, although an attempt has been
made to blacken his character, yet I will ven-
ture to say he stands in as high and respectable
a position as the Governor of any State of this
Union. He comes here and indorses these
statements of General Terry, and says that the
half has not been told. Teas of thousands of
citizens in every quarter of the State arc crying
out for relief. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania does not hear them ; he does not hear
General Terry; he does not hear tho Governor, !
andhe doosnothear tlie members of Congress- j
elect on this floor. None of these things strike !
his ear; but ho is terribly afraid some abstract j
provision of tho Constitution muy be violated.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg leave to ask the i
gentleman a question.
Mr. COBUIiN. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask tho gentleman j
whether ho has seen the pamphlet, copies of i
which are on all our desks, containing the
testimony of citizens of Georgia in regard to
the condition of public order and morals in
that State?
Mr. COBURN. I have.
Mr, WOODWAUD. Then I refer tho gen-
tleman to that pamphlet of sworn testimony as
uri abundant contradiction of the assertions he
w making. lie says he has seen the pamphlet;
1 say it is an answer to his statements. I say
there never was a conclusion of fact better
established iu this world than tho fact estab-
lished by this testimony, that as much peace
and good order prevail iu Georgia, as in any
other State of the Union of equal population.
Mr. COBUKN. Asa set-off to the argument
of the gentleman I will include in my remarks
a part of the statement of General Terry, made
under oath.
Mr. WOODWAllD. The testimony (o which
1 have referred was given under oath.
Air. COBUKN'. General Terry is a man of
the highest respectability. His statement is
as follows:
"I have delayed milking report tuns cnllu.t for
until the present time in order that i mighl become
acquainted with the condition of alLiirs in Ucorgia
before expressing any opinion. Now Jiliavu reluc-
tantly cometo the conclusion that tho situation here
demands the interposition of the national Coi-ern-
ment in order that )ii'o and property m.w bo pro-
tected, tho fioedom of speech and political notion
Kceurcd, and tho rights and liberties of froedmen
maintained. Tins opinion iu based upon complaints
made to mo, reports of officers detached to invopti-
Kiito the ullcged outrages, and upon the statements
of many persons of respectability and hitch position
from different parts of the IStatts. In those rep-
resentations! must, repose confidence, some of whom
have given 1110 information only under pledge, of
s.ecreey, the state of affairs in their section being
such that they feared extreme personal violence
should it become known that they had been inconi-
munieation with me.
" The Kuklu.r Klan.—lit many parts of the State
there is practically no government: the worst of
crimes are committed and no attempt is made to
punish those who commit thcin. Murders have been
and are frequent, and the abuse m various ways of
blacks is too common to excite notice. There can
be no doubt of the existence of numerous insurrec-
tionary organizations known as the Kuklux Klan.
who shielded by their disguise by tho secrecy of
their movements, and by the terror which tney
inspire, perpetrate crimes with impunity, there is
great reason to believe that in some cases local
magistrates are in sympathy with members of these
organizations. In many plaees they are overawed
by them and dare not attempt to punish them, to
punish such offenders by civil proceedings would be
a difficult task even were magistrates in all cases
disposed and had they courage to do their duty, tor
the same influences which govern them equally
affects juries and witnesses. ,
" J/ow the Criminals Escape.—A conversation which
I have had with a wealthy planter, a gentleman ot
intelligence and education and a political opponent
of the national Administration, will illustrate this
difficulty. While deploring the lamentable condi-
tion of affairs in tho county in which ho lives ho
frankly admitted to me that were the most worthless
vagabonds in the county to be charged with crimes
against the person of a Republican or a negro neither
ho nor any othor person of property within the county
would dare to refuse to give bail for tho offender,
nor would they dare to testify against him, whatever
might be their knowledge of his guilt. That very
many of the crimes which have been committed have
no political bearing, I believe; that some of them
were prompted by political animosity, and that niost
of the numerous outrages upon freedmen result from
hostility to tho race, induced by their enfranchise-
ment, I think cannot bo controverted.
" Tho same difficulties which beset the prosecution
of criminals aro encountered by negroes who seek
redress for civil injuries in local courts. Magistrates
dare not do their duty toward them, and instances
arc not wanting whero it has even been beyond the
power ofamagistrateto protect a negro plaintiff from
violence m his own presence whilo engaged in the
trial of his ease. I desiro it to "be understood that m
speaking of magistrates I in no degree refer to
judges of tho superior court. They are gentlemen
of high chat actor, and I have every confidence that
they will do their duty fearlessly and impartially.
] ut it is to be observed that even they cannot control
grand and petty juries; they cannot compel the
former to indict, nor the latter to render unprejudiced
verdict*. Tho Executive of tho Stato would gladly
interpose to privo to all citizens tho protection which
is their right, but under tho constitution and laws
lie haw power neither to act directly in bringing the
offenders to justice, nor to compel subordinate officers
to do their duty.
"Public&entiment in the State.—I do notsuppose that
the great majority of the people of the State of either
race approve of the commission of these crimes. I
believe that not only would they gladly see good
ord<T restored, peace and quiet maintained, and law
vindicated, but would lend tlioir aid to secure these
ends were they not controlled by their fears. Gov-
erned, however, by their apprehensions, and having
no confidence that tho civil authorities will afford
them protection, in many counties they suffer these
1 e\il\s to exist without an effort to abate them, and
j meekly submit to the rulo of a disorderly and ciirn-
hial minority.
"Whiio 3 have been in command of tho depart-
' ment 1 have endeavored to take no action which
could not ho justified by letter of law, oven if Geor-
gia should be held to be restored to its original rela-
tions to tho General Government. I have confined
myself to giving support to tho civil authorities, and
moving detachments of troops into some of tho dis-
turbed counties where their presence would exert a
! good influence and where they would bcready to act
i if propcrlv called upon, and think that somo good
j \\w < in this v,ray been accomplished, but thogreatevil
' ha:; by no uioans boon reached. Asdeparhnentcom-
mandor I can do no more, for whatever may be tho
• stains of Georgia, and whatever may be the powers
i which an oilicer assigned to tho command of the third
district treated by the reconstruction acts would
{ possess ic is onlv an officer so assigned who could
! exerciso them. They aro not vested in me by assign-
J mcnl to tho command of tho department. Where,
j therefore, the civil authorities aro in sympathy with
f or aro overawed by those who commit crime it is
i manifest that X arn powerless. In this connection I
i respectfully call the special attention of theGeneral
J commanding the Avmy to the reports in regard to
i the attempt made in Warren county to secure tho
I arrest and punishment of persons chargodwith crime,
i which aro this day forwarded.
" Why the G over Anient should Interfere.—It appears
! tome that the national liouor ispledged to theprotec-
i tienofloyal island freedmen of tho South. I am well
aware th< t pvotejttion of persons and property is not
evdmarily one of 1 he functions of the national Gov-
't eminent, but when it is remembered that hostility
to thr> supporter^ of the Government is but a mani-
i'esfi'tion of ho.iilit.v to the Government itself, and
that the prevailing prejudice against blacks results
'j fiom tho emancipation act of the Government, it
'j would sf em that suc-h protection cannot bo denied
i them if it be within the power of the Government to
. give. I know no way in which such protection can
i' oegivenin Georgia except by an excrcisc of thepow-
crs conferred on military commanders by the recon-
\ struction acts.
'! "[The gcnciul then enters into long discussion
,, whether these powers can still be exercised in Geor-
i; gia.and treats of nil laws bearing upon the question
i, with much vigor of judgment and clearness of ex-
' predion, coming to the conclusion thatthey may still
be decreased, and closing his report as follows;]
" How to lientnre Good Order.—In conclusion I de-
sire to express my conviction that the only way to
restore good order in tho State is to resume military
control over it for the time being, and ultimately to
provide bylaw that the Legislature shall miserable
as a provisional Legislature, from which all ineligible
persons shall bo excluded, and to which all eligible
persons elected to it, whether white or blac*. shall be
admitted. Such Legislature would, I behove, enact
suchlaws andinvesttheir Executive with sucn powers
as-would enable him to keep the peace, protect lite
and property, and punish crime. Tho process of re-
suming military control would, it appears to me, be
a very simple one. All that would bo required is an
order from the President countermanding General
Orders No.6-5, Adjutant General's office, Ju y 28,1868,
and orders No. 103. headquarters third military dis-
trict, July 22,1868, and assigning an officer to tto com-
mand of the district, excepting the States of Morula
and- Alabama. This action I respectfully recom-
mend."
Besides the statement of General Terry we
have the evidence of other witnesses whose
testimony I have not time to read, showing
as clearly as "proof of holy writ" that that
State is in a condition of anarchy; that law or
order or anything like the regulations of civ-
ilized society are not to be found there; that
juries do not dare to find criminals guilty;
that witnesses do not dare to go into court to
testify.
Mr. BO GEES. Mr. Speaker-
Mr. COBUKN. 1 cannot permit myself to
be interrupted.
Mr. ROGEBS. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to state the date of the report of Gen-
eral Terry?
Mr. COBURN. It is dated December 7,
1869. It is one of the documents accompany-
ing the message of the President.
So much, Mr. Speaker, for that point. It
is not Massachusetts, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania says, that is coming in here and
complaining; butitis the poor, down-trodden,
oppressed people of Georgia. That gentle-
man, in talking of this matter, said that when
the Union Army went down into that region,
when we were carrying on the holy war to
defend the flag and maintain this Union and
preserve the Constitution under which he has
been protected, and for which ho is ungrate-
ful, bitterly ungrateful, he says that when our
Army went down into that country we robbed
and burned and murdered and oppressed that
people. Such is the language he uses with
reference to the defenders of this glorious
Union. Sir, from a gentleman entertaining
such sentiments I would expect just such an
argument as I have heard from him to-night.
Unworthy of a patriot! I hope when I have
to say that the Army which defended the honor
and glory of nay country went to rob, murder,
and trample under foot the rights of the people
my tongue may be palsied forever. Those
men, sir, went down there in a sacred cause;
to preserve this Union; to defend its honor ;
to secure the rights of its citizens; to maintain
the integrity of our laws ; to enforce good gov-
ernment. Although armed treason has been
crushed in the field the spirit of treason still
influences the social circle and lifts its head in
the horrid shape of Kuklux Klans. They now
seek to overturn that Constitution by insidious
means which for four long years, with arms in
their hands, they sought unsuccessfully to tram-
ple in the dust. Why, sir, they have imported
fifteen thousand stand of arms for the purpose
of resisting the laws, and yet gentlemen are
found upon this floor who resort to legal quib-
bles and insist that we should allow those peo-
ple to do just what they please, in defiance of
our laws and in contempt of the rights of the
loyal citizens in their midst.
In taking part in a discussion of a measure
of reconstruction at this late day in its history
it would be vain to recount the many arguments
adduced in favor of the plan adopted, and upon
which the proposed action in tho case of Geor-
gia rests. i et there aro a few principles placed
at the foundation which inevitably recur to the
mind, and which it were well not to forget
even though they are trite and may seem com-
monplace.
A State is composed of territory, inhabit-
ants, and government. But the term often is
made applicable to either one or any two of
these properties. Sometimes we apply it to
