8460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
of the joint resolution, bo as to include the
name of Richard P. Leary.
The amendment was agreed to.
CIIARLES II. WHITNEY.
Mr. ARCHER, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2001) for the relief
of Charles H. Whitney, contractor of the iron-
clad monitor Iveokuk ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read. It appropriates, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, $50,000 to be paid to Charles H.
Whitney in lull for hia claim against the Gov-
ernment for the enlargement of the iron-clad
Keokuk.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that that bill makes an appropriation, and must
have its first consideration in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. ARCHER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the point of order until he hears the
report read.
Mr. RANDALL. I would waive it to hear
the report, but the Chair has ruled that I can-
not do that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to reserve the point of order until the facts are
read.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the Speaker
once to say that 1 could not object condition-
ally.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so repeats, but
this is a very different point.
The report was read.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on the point of
order. This bill is the forerunner of claims
amounting to hundreds of thousands of dollars.
When it goes to Committee of the Whole it
can be discussed, which it cannot be here.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken, and the bill is referred to the Committee
of the Whole House.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ARCHER. How much of the morning 1
hour remains?
The SPEAKER. Two minntes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have other business to report, but it is :
hardly worth while for them to do it now. I
suppose there will be no objection to their
waiving these two minutes.
Mr. ORTH. I am willing to assent to that
in behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
which is the next committee to be called.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs will be entitled to another hour.
HCDSON BAY COMPANY, ETC.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee op Appropriations, reported a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 28G) making an
appropriation to pay the Government of Great
Britain and Ireland, in accordance with the
award of the commissioners appointed under
the treaty of July I, 1863, to settle the claims
of the Hudson Bay Company and the Puget
Sound Agricultural Company; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon Ordering the joint
resolution to b$ engrossed and read a third
time.
The preamble to the joint resolution recites
that by the award made on the 10th of Sep-
tember, 1869, by the commissioners under the
treaty of July 1, 1863, between her Britannic
Majesty and the United States of America, it
was determined that, in full satisfaction of all
the possessory rights and claims of the Hudson
Bay Company and of the Puget Sound Agri-
cultural Company, there shall be paid by the
Government of the United States to the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain and Ireland $650,000
in gold coin, in two annual installments, the
first to be paid within twelve months after, and
the second within twenty-four months after the
date of the said award.
The joint resolution -appropriates $825,000
in gold coin for payment to the Government
of Great Britain and Ireland of the sum by the
said award determined to be due on the 10th
of September next.
Mr. DAWES. I yield for a few minutes to
my colleague on the committee from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope the House will
pay a little attention to the joint resolution now
reported for action. It proposes to pay a very
large sum, under the award of a commission,
to a British company. I have two objections
to the joint resolution now before this House,
two objections to the payment of this sum. In
the first place, it is unnecessarily and unjustly
large. In the second place, it is a British
claim, and I am opposed to the payment of
this or any other British claim until there shall
have been made some provision for the liquid-
ation of our claims against Great Britain and
the payment of the claims of our citizens against
Great Britain.
U pon the first point, that this award is unjustly
large, outrageously so, I ask the Clerk to read
a letter, which I hold in my hand, from a late
superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, JanuaruV), 1870.
Drab Sib: As requested, I give you such inform-
ation as I have in regard to my investigation, some
eighteen years since, of the value of the possessory
rights of the Puget Sound Agricultural Company in
Oregon while I was acting assuperintendent of Indian
affairs in that country. The request for mo to make
such investigation came from Governor Ogdon, then
the chief factor or head of the Hudson Bay Company
in Oregon. The reasons for asking this of me was to
get at some valuation before a proposition was made
to the United States to buy out that company's pos-
sessory rights.
There was at that timeno complaint that the rights
of that company had been trespassed upon, although
it was claimed that the Indians had killed theircat-
tle running wild in the woods. I first sent an Indian
agent to examine the lands and the improvements of
that company. I sent for the Indian chiefs of that part
of the country where the cattle were said to have
been killed by the Indians. The chiefs, one and all,
said there never had been any cattle killed by them
or their bands not belonging to themselves.
The lands claimed by the Puget sound company
were said to be of but little value on account of their
dry nature, being so gravelly that but little could
be raised on them, Knowing that Governor Ogdou
thought that the company should be paid as much as
$50,000,1 put what I thought was a high valuation
upon the company's lands and other property, and
added largely for cattle lost in the woods, and fixed
♦ he gross amount at §20,000, being the same amount
I had reported as a full compensation for losses
claimed by the Home Missionary Society of Boston
on acoountof da mages sustained by themnear Walla
Walla, at the Whitman mission, in 1813.
I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient
servant, ANSON DART,
Late Superintendent Indian Affair« in Oregon.
Hon. William Laweesce, m. o.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It will be sefen from this
letter that the just claim of the Puget sound
company probably does not exceed $20,000.
By the awar<l which has been made, and by the
joint resolution which we are now asked to
pass, avast sum is to be appropriated in excess
of any just demand of that company. In my
judgment this is a sufficient reason for oppos-
ing':the passage of this joint resolution. Bat
I ask the House to go a little further, and con-
sider the question whether we will pay British
subjects for claims which they are making upon
our Government while our citizens have claims
vastly greater upon the British Government
unsatisfied. Those claims of our citizens ought
to be adjusted before we make compensation
to British citizens for their claims. I merely
present these two points for the consideration
of the Honse. They seem to me to require no
argument; at all events, I do not propose to
argue them now. But, for one, I will vote for
the payment of no British claim until England
shall have made some arrangement for paying
our own citizens their enormous claims against
that Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest to
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations [Mr. Dawes] that this joint resolution
be printed, and come up for consideration at
some future time.
Mr. DAWES. It will not take ten min-
utes to decide whether the House will pass or
will reject this joint resolution. If gentlemen
will listen to me for a few minutes—I do not
desire to say much on the question—I will then
submit the question to the judgment of the
House. In 1863 we entered into a treaty with
Great Britain by which we agreed to submit
to a commission for arbitration the claims of
the Puget Sound Agricultural Company and
Hudson Bay Company. We have submitted
those claims to arbitration, and the commis-
sion has rendered its judgment. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] has had read
here a letter from a highly respectable citizen,
I have no doubt, who thinks the award of the
commission was too high. That may be so, but
it is an award, after all, made under a treaty
stipulation. We are bound to pay it, whether
it should have been $20,000 or $4U0,000, for
we agreed to pay what that commission should
say we were obliged to pay. So much for the
first point made by the gentleman.
Mr. PETERS. Has any suggestion been
made of fraud in obtaining this award?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know of any. I did
not hear any in the letter which has just been
read at the Clerk's desk- There is only a
difference of opinion between the gentleman
who. wrote that letter and the commission who
made the award. The second objection made
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
is still more strange. He says that he does
not propose to vote for fulfilling the treaty
stipulations of this Government, because, in his
opinion, the kingdom of Great Britain does not
perform its duties.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does not the gentle-
man agree to the truth of that proposition?
Mr. DAWES. I do not subscribe to any
such standard of morals as that. I hold that
we are bound to perform our treaty stipula-
tions and to pay our honest debts, and then
appeal to the judgment of mankind against the
other nations of the earth that they shall do
likewise. I do not hold that I am absolved
from my obligations merely because somebody
else does not choose to perform his obligations.
Any such rule of conduct as that would be a
disgrace to any civilized nation. I will now
only call attention to a communication from
the Secretary of State to the Secretary of the
Treasury on this subject.
The communication was as follows:
Department op State,
Washington, March 27,1870.
Sib: By the treaty entered into on the 1st day of
July, 1-863, between the United States and her Brit-
annic Majesty for the final settlement of the claims
of the Hudson Bay and Puget Sound Agricultural
Companies, it was stipulated that the sums which
might be awarded by the commissioners.under the
treaty should be paid by the one Government to the
other in two annual installments; thefirst to be paid
within twelve months and the second within twenty-
four months after the date of the award.
The commissioners appointed under the treaty, by
their award, dated September 10, 1869, determined
that there should be paid id gold coin by the United
States the sum of $450,000 to the Hudson Bay Com-
pany, and 8200,000 to the Puget Sound Agricultural
Company. . „ ^
I beg to call the attention of the Treasury Depart-
ment to the fact that the first installment of these
awards will become payable, under the terms of tho
convention, on the 10th day of September next.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON PISH.
Hon. George S. Boijtwkll,
Secretary of the Trearury.
Mr. DAWES. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered tobe
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
