mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
559
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
Imports—Mr. Wells.
Ho. of Reps.
keep off intruders, if they had alease from the Gov-
ernment and authority to maintain themselves in
possession. A company that could not do that would
deserve to be driven off by the first band of squatters
that camealong. ButtheSecretary wants to employ
the Army and Navy, anyhow. There has always
been something in the way of judiciously and eco-
nomically employing the IN avy in times of peace, and
we are persuaded that the Secretary has hit on the
true solution of the difficulty.
"Now, the Brooklyn, the Pensacola.tlieilonad-
riock, and other craftwhose names are suggestive at
once of former glorious achievements and present
costly inactivity, will be ordered up to the hyper-
borean regions of the north as a sealing fleet. The
monitors could be made into whaling rains, by way
of variety; try-pots could be rigged in the turrets,
and great havoc madein the trade of the slow-going
wooden vessels which are now enjoying the whaling
fishery trade monopoly which Secretary Boutwcll's
soul abhors. Then we should see Admiral Farragut's
old flag-ship coming into San Francisco harbor with
her weather-beaten sides garnished with seal pelts,
and where opce floated the flag so dreaded by her
foes, would dangle a codfish tail, signal that she had
' a full.' The ordinary boatswain's calls which ere
while piped away all hands to repel boarders, or to
make desperate sortie against an adversary, would
he exchanged for 'All hands to skin seals' or 'First
cutter to repel the Koloshians,' for, be it known,
the Koloshians are the native rascals who would
persist in stealing- fur-seal skins unless the Army
and Navyshould maintain the vigilant police system
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
" But it is not worthwhile to seriously consider this
proposition. The Secretary says that various prop-
ositions have been made to lease the islands for a
long period at a rental varying from two hundred to
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars per annum.
Congress, fortunately, has the conclusion of the
whole matter in its own hands, and it is not possible
that Congress would lend its indorsement to a wild
scheme to farm out the seal fisheries to the Treasury
Department at the public expense. If the Secretary
can make no better recommendation than this, so
sure, if carried out, to bring the Government into
debt, the seal islands may as well be abandoned to a
general and indiscriminate raid; and the sooner the
scared seals shall leave for parts unknown the better
for all concerned.''
The gentleman's amendment shortening the
time to ten years from twenty is a move in the
wrong direction, in my judgment. The time
had better be extended rather than curtailed,
for the only danger of extermination of the
seals is at the end of the lease.
Third. The only other plan is that of the
committee. It has the feature of a monopoly,
which I would be glad to avoid if I saw any
possible way. But that not being possible by
the agreement of all parties, the security of the
trade, of the seals, the Government, and the
natives is greater under this bill than under any
yet proposed. The bill levies a tax of $200,000
and a rent of $50,000 per year. To secure this
a bond in the sum of $500.,000, the securities
of which to be satisfactory to the Secretary of
the Treasury, is required, and also a deposit
of $50,000 in United States bonds. In case of
a violation of the lease the lessees are to for-
feit it, all their vessels and property engaged
in the trade, the bond, and the deposit. Cer-
tainly this looks like some protection to the
Government, Under this bill no military or
naval force is necessary. The iuterest of the
lessees will lead them to protect the seals. By
killing them off they could not get more than
three hundred thousand seals in one year. By
taking care of thein they can obtain one hun-
dred thousand for twenty years. In the first
place, they would kill the goose that lays their
eggs, would glut the market, forfeit their prop-
erty, &e.
I am clearly of the opinion that of the rival
schemes this is the best, and that some legis-
lation is necessary. Throw open the business
of seal-killing to competition and the seals will
disappear in six months never to return. Last
year I asked time to consult my constituents
on this matter, and you gave it. There have
been conflicting opinions on this subject, and
some difference of opinion by the press. But
those who opposed leasing at first have not men-
tioned the matter for months, while those who
favor it have often recently insisted on the
propriety of tiiis method. I will read the last
direct expression of opinion on the subject
from San Francisco which I have received,
premising that the signers are leading busi-
ness men, and with its reading will close my
remarks:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America:
Whereas a certain petition having been forwarded
to your honorable body on the 16th of March, 1870,
asking such legislation in reference to the jfur-seal
fisheries of St. Paul and St. George Islands, Alaska
territory, aswiUpermitgeneralcompetitionand par-
ticipation on the part of our merchants? and shippers,
we, the undersigned, beg leave to represent to your
honorable body that, upon a careful examination of
the subject, we feel convinccd that a multiplicity of
the traders would not only result in the demoraliza-
tion of the natives but also in the entire extermina-
tion of these valuable animals in a very short time?
hence justice to thenative inhabitants of these remote
islands, whose only means of support depends upon
such legislation as will perpetuate the fisheries, as
well as the commercial interest of this coast, induces
us to ask of your honorable body to lease'these isl-
ands to some responsible company for a term of
years, believing that by doing so the interest of the
Government as well as the interest of the natives and
the futuro preservation of these valuable lisheries
would be equally protected.
From our personal knowledge of the different mem-
bers comprising the Alaska Commercial Company,
not only in regard to their financial responsibility,
but also in view of their commercial standing in this
community, and for fair and just dealings with the
natives of said territory, as well as their thorough
knowledge of the sealing business, we have no hes-
itancy in recommending said company to the favor-
able consideration of Congress.
Some of the undersigned have been told that their
names were attached to the petition above referred
to. If that is true, they now wish explicitly to de-
c-lare that they signed it either without a sufficient
knowledge of its object or under a total misappre-
hension of its contents.
San Francisco, May 27,1870,
Murphy, Grants Co., S. Ileydenfelt,
John Sirnc Sc Co., Sharp & Lloyd,
B. Davidson & Co., Fleeshman.Seibelt&Co.,
J. M. Hopkins, President Bandman, Nelson & Co.,
Cal. Ins. Co
Z. Crowell, Secretary Cal.
Ins. Co.,
George Howes & Co.,
P. Sather,
Chas. E. McLane,
Daniel Meyer,
Nicholas Luning,
j. B. Scotchler, President
Merch. M. Ins. Co.,
W. F. Babcock,
LazardFreres,
Falkncr, Bell & Co.,
Alsop & Co.,
J. Seligman & Co.,
Milton S. Latham,
Chas. N. Felton,
Brittan, Holbrook & Co.,
Wm, M. Lent,
Eggers & Co.,
Krauser & Euler,
Ilooker & Co..
Treadwell & Co.,
Donahoe, Kelley & Co.,
Delos Lake,
Auger, Christiansen&Co.,
B. Rottenhill, Occidental
Ins. Co.,
Wm. Meyer & Co.,
T. Friedlander,
Main & Winchester,
B. F. Hastings,
Williams, Blanchard &
Co.,
Thos. II. Selby 1' Co.,
Parrott & Co.,
A. Hayward,
A. K. P. Harmon,
Melburg & Straus
Kline & Co.,
Bachman Brothers,
D. N.& E.Walter* & Co.,
Levi Straus &; Co.,
R. II. McDonald & Co.,
11. A. Swain & Co.,
Uhlfelder, Cahn & Co.,
A. B. Ecfelt & Co.,
Thurnancr & Zinn,
McLennan, Wheeler &
Grisar,
B. Gettoson,
L. E. Week & Co.,
Tyler Curtis,
H. 3VI. Newhall & Co.,
Edwin II. Parker
S. B. BoswelJ,
A. II all at & Co.,
D. L. Beck,
B. B. Gore,
Stevens, Baker & Co..
Hemenway & Merrill,
Deeth, Starr & Campbell,
Chas. Meinecke,
Chas. DeEo,
Thos. Sundeilanu,
W. E. Judd,
Edwin J. Crane,
J. Pruyn,
Wm. Fulton, jr..
F. J. King,
Shed & Farran,
E. Ayers,
Henry Ilugg,
Ileeht Bros. & Co.,
Buckingham & Kecht,
Godfrey Fisher,
Loupe & Haas,
Walter Brothers,
Sherwood & Freeborn,
McDonald & Whitney,
II. F. Williams,
Castle Brothers,
Goldstein, Seller & Co.,
Greenbaum Brothers,
Triest & Friedlander,
Colman Brothers,
Adelsdorfer Brothers,
Ilelbing & Straus,
11. C. Kirby & Co.,
A. Homme,
C. W. Fox,
A. G. Ivinsey,
E. E. Eyre, per Baker,
Henry Cutcher&Broiher
Edward Barron,
E. Cahill & Co.,
A. IT. Lissak & Co..
J. II. Jones & Co.,
T. F. Cronise,
Glazier & Seligsberg,
liyan & Waterman,
A. Pfister & Co.,
Kinney Brothers,
Hammer & lveber,
J. D. Furwell & Co.,
Wormser Brothers,
Geo. F. Bragg & Co.
Imports.
REMARKS OF HON. BRASTUS WELLS,
of missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
June 28,1870,
On the bill (II. R. No. 1538) to regulate appraise-
ment and inspection of imports in certain cases, and
for other purposes—
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Speaker, the subject
under consideration ia one of such interest to
the city which I have the honor to represent
in part upon this floor, and is so intimately
connected with the material prosperity of the
people of the West, that I may be pardoned for
occupying the attention of the 'House for a few
minutes. The bill, sir, as reported by the
committee, contemplates only the placing of
the merchants of St. Louis, of Chicago, of Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, and of other western cities,
upon a more equal footing with the merchants
of New York, of Philadelphia, of Charleston,
of Savannah, and of other sea-board cities, in
the purchase and receipt of merchandise and
articles the product of or resulting from the
mechanical skill of foreign countries and na-
tions.
I will state that this is not such a bill as I
would like to have seen reported by the com-
mittee } but as it is an improvement on the
present system, I am induced to give it my
support, believing that at an early day it will
be so amended as to more fully meet the de-
mands of the inland commerce of the country.
It does not contemplate the giving to the one
any governmental aid in order to stimulate
dormant enterprise, nor does it take from
the other any inherent or guarantied privilege.
It is not even obnoxious to the charge of
increasing governmental expenditure in any
unjust or unwarranted manner, or to any ma-
terial extent. It does not even by indirection
appropriate, nor can it in any event, except as
resulting from largely increased receipts of
revenue, lead in the future to any appropriation
for internal improvements, and then only for
such additional or larger custom-houses as may
be necessary to transact a greatly increased
business, and to this extent must fail to evoke
the opposition of the most rigid economists.
It suggests the creation of no new class of
officers; and as the duties to be performed
would else of necessity be discharged at the
ports of entry, it will not materially increase
the civil list, and cannot, therefore, prove
objectionable to the opponents of class legis-
lation. So far, sir, the objection against ex-
tending full and equal privileges and facilities
to interior commerce are not available as in
opposition to a measure asked for, because it
has heretofore been desired by a section con-
taining now nearly one half, and in the near
future to contain more than a mere majority
of the population and wealth of the whole
country.
I am aware that in thus stating that these
objections are unavailing I have ignored the
assertion made in the eastern press, that the
bill will be inoperative because of the inability
of the western merchant to compete with the
eastern merchant in the purchase and handling
of imported goods, an assertion based upou
supposed facilities offered to or denied by geo-
graphical position or proximity to or remote-
ness from foreign market?, that therefore im-
ports at these interior cities will not increase,
nor the amount of duties keep pace with the
additional office expenditure necessitated to
transact even a small revenue supervision ; and
that, finally, and as resulting from this ina-
bility to compete in a legitimate manner, the
sole effect of this bill will be to afford dishon-
est men an opportunity to smuggle goods by
absti acting them while in transitu.
This latter objection is so fully overthrown
