1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1573
H. Hutching, asking fot a pension on the
ground of total disutility occasioned by to
accident while he waa acting in the oivii service
of the Government as an employ^ of the Navy
Department, and have instructed me to make
an adverse report, and to move that the peti-
tion be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SARAH LYONS.
Mr. BENTON. The Committee dn Invalid
Pensions have also instructed me to repott
adversely on the petition of Sarah Lyons, ask-
ing for a pension on account of the death of
her husband, who was killed by guerrillas in
1866, some time after the close of the war. I
move that the petition be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SENRY C. NOTES.
Mr. BENTON. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the joint resolution (S. II. No. 124) amend-
ing an act entitled "An act for the relief of
Henry C. Noyes" betaken from the Speaker's
table for consideration at the present time.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution recites in the preamble
that the act named in the bill contains a mis-
recital of the number of the bond therein
referred to, whereby the act is rendered inef-
fectual for the relief ofNoyes. The jointreso-
lution therefore amends the act by striking
therefrom the word '' thirty- seven'' and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the word "sixty-seven."
The joint resolution was ordered to a third j
reading, read the third time, and passed. j
Mr. BENTON moved to reconsider the vote |
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table. |
The latter motion was agreed to. j
PAYMBNT Of PENSIONS. j
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
seat to report frotn the Comrfaittee oft Invalid .
Pensions a bill (H. ft. No. 547) to define the
duties of pension agents and prescribe the
manner of paying pensions. This being a
public bill, is not in order on private-bill day.
There was no objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN reported back ftotn the
Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill (Q. R.
No. 547} to define the duties of pension agents,
and prescribe the manner of paying pensions.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that within fifteen days, immediately preced-
ing the 4th day of March and the 4th day of
September in each year, the several agents
for the payment of pensions shall prepare a
semi-annual voucher for each and every per-
son whose pension is payable at his agency,
and transmit the same by mail, directed to the
address of the pensioner named in such
voucher, who, on or after the 4th day of March
or the 4th day of September next succeeding
the date of such voucher, shall execute and
return the same to the agency at which it was
prepared and at which the pension of such per-
son is due and payable.
The second section provides that upon the
receipt of such voucher properly executed, and
the identity of the pensioner established and
proven in the manner prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the agent for the payttjeifc
of pensions shall immediately draw his check
on the proper Assistant Treasurer of the United
States for the amount due such pensioner, pay-
able to his order, and transmit the same by
mail, directed to the address of the pensioner
entitled thereto.
The third section provides that hereafter no j
pension shall be paid to any person other than
the pensioner entitled thereto, nor otherwise
than according to the provisions of this act, 1
and no warrant, power of attorney, or other
paper executed or purporting to be executed
by any pensioner to ahjr attorney, claim ageht,
bf6kfef) ctr otlikr person j shall be ffecbgniaed fey
any agent for the payment of pensions, nor
shall any pension be paid thereon. The pay-
ment to persons laboring under legal disabil-
ities may be made to the guardians of such
persons in the manner herein prescribed, and
pensions payable to persons in foreign coun-
tries may be made according to the provisions
of existing laws.
The fourth section provides that every pen-
sion agent or other person who shall take or
receive or demand any pay from any pensioner
for any service in connection with the payment
of his or her pension, shall forfeit and pay the
sum of $500, to be recovered by indictment in
any court of competent jurisdiction.
.The fifth section provides that the Secretary
of the Interior shall cause suitable blanks for
the vouchers mentioned in the first section of
this act to be printed and distributed to the
agents for the payment of pensions, upon which
he shall cause a note to be printed informing
pensioners of the fact that hereafter no pen-
sion will be paid except Upon the vouchers
issued as herein directed, and the fee to which
the pension agent is entitled; and he shall
also give all necessary instructions for carry-
ing, this act into effect.
The sixth section provides that the provis-
ions of sections twelve and thirteeft of an act
entitled "An act supplemental to an act enti-
tled 'An act to grant pensions,' approved July
14,1862," approved Jnly 4,1864, shall be, and
the same are hereby, declared applicable to
all the various acts relating to pensions.
The seventh section repeals all acts and
parts of acts in conflict with the provisions of
this act.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on In-
valid Pensions have instructed me to move the
following, as a substitute for section four:
And be it further enacted. That in addition to the
compensation now allowed by law each pension agent
shall be allowed, as full compensation for all service
required by the provisions of this bill, including post-
age, the sum of thirty cents, and no more, for each
voucher prepared and paid by him, which amount
shall be paid by the United States; and any pension
agent or other person who shall take or receive of
demand any fde or reward from any pensioner for
any service in connection with the payment of pen-
sions shall forfeit and pay the sum of $500, to be
recovered by indictment in any court of competent
jurisdiction.
Mr. Speaker, there are several gentlemen,
three at least, who desire to test the sense of
the House on substitutes which they have to
offer to this bill. It is not my purpose to call
for a vote until all the questions connected with
this pension business have been fully discussed
by the House. I am willing that the fullest
latitude should be given to gentlemen to move
amendments or substitutes for the bill. I shall
interpose no objection to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] and the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] moving their
substitutes for the pending measure reported
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions at the
proper time. But I suggest that the pending
amendment of the committee be first disposed
of, and that will leave the bill open for amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLM AN. What will be the cost to the
Government of thirty cents for each voucher?
What will be the additional expense?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That in eludes the postage
the party will have to pay. The Government
pays no postage. In no case will the party pay
less than six or more than nine cents for
postage—nine from thirty will leave twenty-one
cents ; and the additional cost to the Govern-
ment will be about forty thousand dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the original propo-
sition is much fairer, and that the compensation
paid to these pension agents is ample. I be-
lieve that this increase of $40,000 is uncalled
for and unnecessary; and I trust that section
four of the original bill will be adhered to.
Mr. CULLOM. Is the bill lid* before the
House printed? I understand tlrefce ste thfee
offered, and I should like
those substitutes have been
substitutes to be
to know whether
printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There have been four
general bills introduced into this House in
reference to the payment of pensions. The
bill reported by the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions has been printed. It was printed early
in the session. The bill introduced by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] was
referred to the Committee ou Invalid Pensions
and ordered to be printed. That bill has been
printed for a longtime. The bill introduced by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
i,kr] the other day has not yet been printed.
The bill of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Crebs] has also been printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very early
in the session I introduced a resolution asking
the Postmaster General to perfect a plan or to
recommend a plaft by Which pensions can be
paid through the money-order offices. He has
objection to that. In consultation with gentle-
men who are conversant wtth this whole sub-
ject I have prepared, Or rather they have pre-
pared, a bill by which pensions tatty be paid
through the post offices of the country. That
bill was introduced the other day, but by some
accident it was not ordered to be printed. The
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions proposes, with bis accustomed liberality
in doing Business, to allow me at the proper
time to submit my substitute. I understand it
is not in order for me to move that substitute
now, as there is an amendment pending on the
! part of the committee; but I hope the substi-
tute will be ordered to be printed.
! Mr. LAWRENCE. I certainly think it
; proper that the amendment reported by the
I Committee on Invalid Pensions should first be
i disposed of. In the mean time, however, I will
j submit my substitute for the pending bill so that
it may be before the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The amendments should
be disposed of.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The amendment, of
course, must be disposed of before I can move
my substitute ; but whenever the amendment
is open for discussion I desire to submit some
remarks on the Subject before going into any
digepsssionof the comparative merits of the bill
I have introduced.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Missouri
had better not put this bill or any amendment
to it on its passage to-day.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have offered this as
an amendment reported from the committee,
and I do not ask a vote on it until after it has
been discussed.
Mf. PAINE. As I understand, tile gentle-
man does not propose to put the bill on its
passage to-day. This bill was printed trace;
but it has never beeii printed in the fonn^ in
which it is now feefdre the Holi&r. On motion
of the gentleman ftoftt Ohio £#*. LaWrence]
the bill was recommitted Witfb instructions. I
dq not undertake to s#y that those instructions
have been complied with; but the committee
have reported a substitute.for the fourth sec-
tion, which has never been printed. The
pending bill, whether it does or does not com-
ply with the instructions of the House, in
accordance with the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] should be printed
before it is put upon its passage; and then
the amendment suggested to the fourth section,
coming from the committee, should also be
printed. I hope the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benjamin] will make that motion, that
the bill and the amendment to the fourth sec-
tion be recommitted and printed. If not, I
shall do it myself.
Mr. BOTLEB, of Massachusetts. May I
ask the gentleman from Missouri to move that
all the bills and amendments be printed ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was about to do that
Mr. WILLIAMS. I also offer an amend-
ment* which I desire to have printed.
Mf. BENJAMIN. 1 HwWthSt the toll, with.
