4406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
moment. I object to that motiom I do not
know what the bill is. I should like to have
the title of it read.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already read it once.
It is not a bill in which I take any interest. It
stands at the head of the page, and it is just
where we stopped three or four weeks ago.
Mr. HOWE. What is the title?
Mr. HOWELL. I wish to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts how he gets the idea that
we stopped there three or four weeks ago ? If
we did, the Journal will show it, and I should
like to have the Journal evidence of that fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The effect
of the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts is to postpone all previous bills to the one
indicated by him, and the Senate will then
proceed to the consideration of that particu-
lar bill, if that is the will of a majority of the
Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the title
of that bill reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 386) pre-
scribing the rules of evidence in certain cases."
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that when the
Calendar was left off being called'the other
evening, there was a bill under debate, and
my understanding of the motion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is that the Calendar
should now be taken up, beginning with that
bill, and all the bills that are not contested
shall be gone over in their order.
Mr. HOWE. My friend from Kentucky
does not quite understand the case. I do not
make a motion at all. The bill to which he
has just called attention, to pay for quartermas-
ters' stores, which was under debate all one
evening here, is before the Senate. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves to postpone
that and all other bills on the Calendar prior
to this one, the title of which has just been
read ; and I object to that motion. I want the
Senate, if they will, to vote upon the bill that
we discussed the other evening.
Mr. SCOTT. Will my friend from Wiscon-
sin, now, as we are on the point of order, before
he seeks to enforce it, permit mis to call his
attention to the effect of the motion made by
the Senator from Massachusetts ? Every bill
preceding the one indicated by the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts has been
called during the session and objected to. The
bills following the one indicated by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts have not been called,
and there has been no opportunity of seeing
whether they can be passed or not. The result,
therefore, of the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts will be to give to those inter-
ested in the bills following the one indicated
by him an opportunity to have them passed ;
whereas if we go back and begin where the
Senator from Wisconsin desires to begin, all
bills following that one down to the one indi-
cated by the Senator from Massachusetts will
have two opportunities of passing during the
session, while you deprive all those following
of one. I think the justice of the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts is so manifest
that it ought to be adopted without objection.
Mr. HOWE. It does seem to me that if we
are ever going through this Calendar and dis-
posing of the business upon it we might just
as well begin now as at any time. But if we
spend all our time in calling over bills which
are not objected to I do not see when the Cal-
endar is to be acted upon.
Mr. SUMNER. As soon as ever we have
finished the Calendar and disposed of the un-
objected bills we shall go back to the begin-
ning and take up the objected ones, and then
we shall gratify the Senator by acting on his
bill.
Mr. HOWE. If I live to see that day I
shall be extremely gratified; but I object to
that motion. I of course submit to the vote
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion is ou the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. "
Mr. HOWE. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. I hope the Chair will
state the precise motion now before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
is made by the Senator from Massachusetts to
postpone the present and all prior orders and
proceed to the consideration of the bill he has
indicated.
Mr. BOREMAN. Then I understand we
are to proceed with the Calendar from that
point.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Chandler, Drake,
Eenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Ramsey, Scott, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, and Sumner—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buckingham,
Casserly, Cole, Davis, Fowler, Harris, Howe, Howell,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Rice, Robertson, Ross, Spencer, Stockton, Thayer.
Viekers, and Warner—28.
AISSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow,Cameron,
Carpenter, Cattell, Cenkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, How-
ard, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Scbvtrz, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
MAKY LINCOLN.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate procced to the consideration of House bill
No. 1950, granting a pension to Mary Lincoln.
Let us dispose of that to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to postpone all prior
orders and to take up the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should be
quite willing myself to vote on that bill; but
the Senator from Massachusetts knows very
well that my colleague takes an interest in the
question.
Mr. SUMNER. I know very well that the
Senator's colleague has made an elaborate
report on the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. He is absent
to-night from illness; therefore I appeal to the
Senator not to bring up the bill now.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that such an appeal
is out of place on this question. I hope my
friend will pardon me.
Mr. HOWELL. It strikes me that the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions, who
made the report on this bill, is entitled, in all
justice and all courtesy, to be heard upon it,
when he has expressed himself over and over
again that he wanted to speak on the question
when it came up. He is ill to-night and ab-
sent; therefore I hold that it is proper in the
Senate, that prides itself so much on its ancient
forms and dignity, and its courtesy to its mem-
bers, not to press this bill to night.
Mr. SUMNER. Why, Mr. President, this
bill was introduced in the early days of this
Congress. It was held by the chairman of the
Pension Committee in his desk below; and only
lately has he reported it. More than a year
passed and the bill slumbered in lus hands.
When lie reported it it was with an adverse
report, an elaborate document. He has had
his say ; and now I think the Senate ought to
act on it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am going to vote for this
bill when I can get at it, and get at it in what
I think is the appropriate way. I concur in
what has fallen from the Senator from Iowa;
and I submit to the Senator from Massachu-
setts himself, if he were ill and from indispo-
sition absent from the Senate, would he not
regard it as a little severe practice to take up
in his absence any bill with which he was iden-
tified as the chairman of the Committee on
Pensions is identified with this bill ? I think
he would, whatever may be his opinion. I
should think so myself if it were my Case ; and
believing I should think so, and believing it is
eminently just and proper that we should allow
the Senator from Vermont to be here to express
his opinions upon it, I certainly shall vote in
accordance with that idea.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator makes an
appeal to me. I say distinctly, if I had kept
a bill back more than a year and then made
an adverse report upon it in which I had re-
corded myself fully, I should not expect the
Senate to wait on me, and especially in a case
of charity.
Mr. STEWART. I think it is time to act
on this bill. I think we ought to act'upon it.
I do not think the Senator from Vermont would
desire, after having made the report, when there
is an opportunity to act upon it, that that oppor-
tunity should pass by. It certainly deserves
the attention of Congress, and I think it ought
to be passed, and that speedily. I do not think
we appear creditably before the country in
neglecting this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I concur entirely in
what was said by the Senator from Maine. I
am in favor, like him, of this bill. I think we
should pass it, and I should be very glad to
pass it; but during my service in the Senate I
never knew a case like this, where the chair-
man of the committee who reported a bill was
absent from the Senate, a Senator who was in
the habit of being in his place, and his colleague
rose and told us he was absent from indisposi-
tion, and that he knew that the absent Senator
desired to be here when the bill was considered,
where the Senate took up the bill. That is
enough for me. I will not violate the courtesies
due to a member of the Senate in such a way
as that, by voting to take up the bill this even-
ing. I shall vote for the bill at any time, and
unite with the Senator from Massachusetts to
take it up to-morrow morning; but I think it
is due, after the statement made by the col-
league of the absent Senator, that we should
not press it on the present occasion. I hope
the Senator from Massachusetts will not urge it.
Mr. HOWE. I ask if it is in order, after
the Senate has refused to postpone all prior
orders to take up one bill, to substitute another
bill in the same motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is in order. • The Chair cannot know
that the Senate will take up one bill because
they refused to take up another.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose it is in order to call
for a division of the question and take the vote
first on the motion to postpone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. HOWE. I shall call for a division of
this motion. I want the Senate to say definitely
whether they are disposed to postpone the con-
sideration of the pending bill at all; and I want
to say two things to the Senate upon that. I
think justice to that class of creditors to which
the pending bill refers requires that the Senate
should not only consider, but pass this bill; but
if I am mistaken on that point, I want to sug-
gest that justice to the Committee on Claims
requires that the Senate should decide the
question involved in that bill.
The Committee oil Claims is occupied labor-
iously, I think, for nearly four fifths of its
time, in considering claims which would be
excluded if the Senate should agree to reject
this bill. If the Senate decides that all claims
from that section of the country are not to be
paid, then the labors of the Committee on
Claims will be very much lighter than they are;
or if the Senate shall decide that those claims
shall be settled in the quartermaster and com-
missary departments, then the labor of the
Committee on Claims will be greatly less than
it is now.
I know the Senate is not bound to consider
our convenience exclusively; but I want to
say to the Senate that I think the Committee
on Claims is worked as hard as auy committee
of the body, and if you can relieve us by con-
sidering this bill at this time rather than at a
future time, as it seems to me that the Com-
