5350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
then. I hope this House will not go back and
select out that particular year,
Mr. IIANDALL. We are only carrying out
the resolution of the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We had 110 authority
under the law to adopt such a resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. It is in the law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. The law is referred to in
my amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is not the law; it is
but a resolution of this House. We have no
right in this House by a simple resolution to
increase the salaries of the officers of the Gov-
ernment. We were so told at the Treasury,
and properly told so. There have been efforts
made from time to time to bring this thing
up and pass it into law; but it was signally
defeated three or four tunes in the Fortieth
Congress, and this is only another attempt to
revive what has been again and again defeated.
1 hope the amendment will be now defeated
once for all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I beg pardon
of the House if I have said anything which may
be considered by any gentleman as unparlia-
mentary. What I have done has been in dis-
charge of my duties in charge of this bill. I
wish to say a word to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] who insists, without
any provocation on my part—and the only thing
I desire to reply to is in reference to a mere
matter of fact, leaving him to dispose of other
matters as his own sense of propriety may dic-
tate—in accusing me with going for increased
expenditures. He ought to know very well
that to me is to be attributed the very limitation
of these expenditures which did not exist when
1 came into the committee. We limit the ex-
penditure, when the officers who investigated
the matter thought it would have cost double
that sum. Therefore, instead of going for in-
creased expenditures, I have been the means
of reducing them very largely in the very in-
stances which the gentleman has selected. And
the gentleman should have known, if he knew
what he was talking about, that in consequence
of that very limitation the whole force of con-
tractors are bringing all the power of resistance
they are able to for the defeat of that limitation
which saves money to the Government, and
are now, in the other end of the Capitol, trying
to strike it off.
Mr. RANDALL. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question: whether the Senate and the
House did not agree to an appropriation for
these works less than the amount reported by
the conference committee of which he was a
member subsequently? As to the limitation it
amounts to nothing, as the next Congress will
repeal it.
Air. DAWES. The Senate and the House
agreed, upon my motion, to $800,000 for the
New York post office; that is, for continuing
the work, which must cost $3,000,000. The
question was there that we should appropriate
$1,000,000, as asked for at that time, or appro-
priate a less sum. The Senate and the House,
under my lead, made it $800,000, without any
limitation of the expenditure under the con-
tracts whatever. When we went into the com-
mittee of conference I proposed to make it
$1,000,000, accompanied with this restriction,
that not a dollar should be expended until the
plans, never lixed upon before, should be fixed
and the contract given to the lowest bidder
tinder the sum of $8,000,000 for the comple-
tion of the entire work.
Mr. RANDALL. Does not the gentleman
know that limitation amounts to nothing so fat-
as binding the action of any future Congress
may lie concerned? Do jou nol, bland in the
position of going for an increase of appiopri-
atioi! from the'i'reasuty iiir these two work3?
Mr. I)A WES. Certainly not.
Mr. RANDALL. iou cannot contradict
tli^ iipir^.s.
AJr. DAWES. Certainly not, and J do not ||
want to, for the figures are all my own way.
Congress was asked to appropriate $2,000,000
for this work, $1,000,000 in that bill and
$51.000,000 in this.
Mr. RANDALL. I am not speaking in
reference to what was asked, but in reference
to what was done—what was done by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. They agreed to put $800,000
in that bill and $1,000,000 in this bill. I pre-
ferred to make it $1,000,000, provided I could
get the plans fixed and the amount of the entire
cost limited, so that when they began to build
they should build in conformity with plans
which should cost but $3,000,000. The gentle-
man is unreasonable, either willfully or blindly
so, when he charges me with doing what was
the very reverse of my action.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 pin your record 011 your
back and yon cannot get away from it.
Mr. DAWES. My record is there, and the
gentleman cannot detract from it by anything
he may say. I now demand the vote, and 1
hope the House will vote down the amendment.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes 39,
noes 53.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 02, noes 01.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and resulted in the
affirmative-—yeas 85, nays 03, not voting 82 ;
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Armstrong, Banks, Barry,
Beck, Bingham, Bird, Bookei, James Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Jiurehard, Burr, (Jake, Catkin,
Cessna., Churchill, William X.Clark, Conner. Covocle,
Cox, Crebs, Darrall, Dickey, Dickinson, Clldridgo,
KinUclnburpr. Jfox, Gctz, (iilfillan, Griswold, Haisht,
llalc, llamill, Harris, Hays, Ingersoll, Jcnckes,
Johnson, lvelloy, Kerr, Knott, Mayliam, McCormiek,
McKee, jMcN"ceIy, Milncs, M.unjceu, Myers, Lesley,
Nibhtck, O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck,
Peteis, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, San ford, Schu-
maker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Stiles, Stone,
Strickland, Swann, Tatfc, 'JMIman, Town'-;end, Trim-
ble,Vim Auken, Van Horn, Voorhces, Wells, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, VVillard, Eugene M. Wilson, Win-
elie.-Lt'r. Wood, and Woodward—&>.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Asper, Atwood, Bailey,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bonton, Blair, George M. Brooks,
Butlinton, Sidney Clarke, Amasa, Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ger, Cullom, l)awes, Duval, ilia, J^erriss, ihsbcr,
liteh, llawkins, llawlcy, Hay, Hellin, Hill, Judd,
Juhan^ Kelsey, Knapp, Lash, Lawrcnee, Lewis,
Loughridgu, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy, Mo-
Craiy, McGrew, McKenzie, Mercur, iliiakiin H.
Moore. Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Morpliis,
Orth, Paine, Piatt, Rogers, Sawyer, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Stokes, Stoughton.'i'avior. Upson, Van Wyck,
Wind, William B. Washburn, John T. Wilson, and
Win a us—03.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Aniell, Axtcll, Ayor, ISarnum, Jieaman, Bennett,
Boles, Bowen. Boyd, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cook, Cowies, Davis, Degencr. Dixon, Dockcry,
Donley, Dox, Dyer, Famsworth, ferry, Garfield,
Gibson, Haldetna,n, Ilambleton, Hamilton, Hoar,
Hose, Holman, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Alexander 11.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Keteham, Lallin,
Logan, Lvnch, Morgan,Danield. Morrell, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, News ham, Perce,Phelps,Poland,
Pomeroy. Porter, Prot-ser, Ilul^wa.y, Roots, Sargent,
Sehenck, Scoiield, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober,
Sloouiu, Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Strader, Strong, Sweeney, Tanner,
Twiehell. Tyner, Van Trump, Wallace, Cadwal-
adei U. Washburn, Welkor, Wheeler, Williams, and
Witcher—sj.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The House being as in
Committee of the Whole, that motion cannot
be made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by add-
ing the following after the amendment just
adopted.
'i he Clerk read as follows:
To pay the of the l[ou-e, in order that Iheh*
compensation m;iy more m'.ir].* jti>i>roxumil e to that
<>J tho (Sonata , the .-jiiii of hify p'ti d.iv
arltliNonjil heieh> w be p.iid to eueii
of them i'or the present session.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that the pages
now receive two dollars a day in the House.
In the Senate, I understand, they receive three
dollars. I offer-this amendment in order to add
to the allowance now authorized to be paid to
the pages of the House fifty cents a day, so as to
make it approximate, at all events, to the com-
pensation allowed to the pages of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. After the last vote, I do not
know that it becomes me to oppose this amend-
ment. 1 expected it when the other was of-
fered ; and it was because I wag desirous Of
preventing these additions being made to our
expenditures in the last days of the session that
I resisted the last amendment. The House
have overruled me on that, and I do not know
how they can now consistently do otherwise
than agree to this amendment also. Bat i do
say that I do not myself intend to bear any
responsibility for this increase of salaries at
every point. The pay of the pages of this House
has been raised fifty cents a day this session in
the legislative appropriation bill, which is now
before a committee of conference. To add fifty
cents a day more, would be making a total
increase of a dollar a day. I do not propose
to argue the question any farther, but will sim-
ply say that 1 cannot assume the responsibility
of supporting this amendment.
The question was put on Mr. Bingham's
amendment; and there were, on a division—
ayes 42, noes 75.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 ask the consent of the
House to go back to line twenty-three, on the
second page, with the view of getting some
information in regard to the appropriation for
the salaries of commissioners appointed for
the revision and consolidation of the statutes
of the United Slates.
Mr. KELSEY. Wo cannot go back.
Mr. JENCKES. I object to going back.
Mr. VAN W YCK. I should like to be heard
for a moment. Here is an appropriation of
$15,000 under a law which has expired.
Mr. JENCKES. The law has just been
passed. I object to going back.
The Clerk read as follows :
J?or laborers, $10,483 80.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by substi-
tuting " $2,483 80" for " $10,483 80."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For additional expenses of the Committee on the
Ninth Census, to be added to the contingent fuud of
tho Mouse, &210.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend by adding the following as an addi-
tional paragraph:
To compensate Dr. Edward Jarvis, of Dorchester,
Massachusetts, for services rendered to the Commit-
tee on the In mill Census, $o00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To pay the official reporters of the Globe in eaeli
Jiouse tho amount which the Comptroller of the
.treasury may find severally duo them for services
during tbesessions of the Forty-Fh^t Congress, under
the eighteenth section of the act making appiobrii-
tions lor bundiy civil expenses of the tfoverument
lor the year ending Jane 30, 1807, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 25,1866.
of New York. I offer the
following amendment, as an addition to that
paragraph;
And the President of the Senate and the Speaker
sv«tpin ar0 mm <l -octea to devise some
th'l offlXf ' 0 Publ>|hers ot the Globe to shorten
unliufo^jSeS'1 t0l0aVe °Ut irreK'VaCt a"d
Mr. Speaker. I hope something of that sort
will be attempted by this House, either in the
manner 1 propose or in some better manner.
Ine reports ot the Globe have become *o
large, and tne quantity of matter published
every morning so great, that it is one of the
most wonderful performances in the world,
not. only m typography and stenography, but
in literature iu general. The book has become,
so .rnge Hint ir, i,--, not. only impufsible for the
public to read it, but it has now become im-
