1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
Preble, to be allowed pay as a commander
from October 12, 1862, to February 21, 1863,
the same as all other commanders in like
manner promoted.
By Mr. CALKIN: The petition of William
Knight, late a private in company B, sixty-
ninth New York volunteers, for arrears of
pension.
Also, the petition of Harry Greenwood, late
a private in company B, fifth New York volun-
teers, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Ellen Kerrigan,
of New York city, for a pension.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of John
Fishback and others, of Indianapolis, Indiana,
and of E. Singer and others, of Danville, In-
diana, asking that hides be allowed to be
imported free of duty.
By Mr. COX: The petition of 0. Oatman
and 32 others, citizens of Buffalo. New York,
stating the cost of coal at the mines before
1859, as well as its cost in New York, and con-
trasting it with its present price, which is so ex-
orbitan t as to bring distress; stating its absolute
necessity in manufactures, household, and for
steam power, and for fuel, and praying to be
entirely relieved of the monopoly.
Also, the petition of Thomas Coyne and 26
citizens, for the same object
Also, the petition of S. A. Roberts and 7
citizens, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Jacob Dorst and 25
citizens, for the same object.
Also, the petition of G. Barrister and 91 citi-
zens, for the same object.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of
Catharine M. Daniels, of Berlin Heights, Brie
county, Ohio, praying for arrears of pension.
By Mr. FERRISS : The petition of the chil-
dren of Andrew Templeton, deceased, praying
for arrears of pension.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
for arrears of pension of Anna B. Bailey,
mother of Horace Bailey, company C, nine-
teenth Ohio volunteers.
Also, a petition of residents of Mahoning
county, Ohio, asking for the repeal of the duty
on hides.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of Albert
Prince, B. L. Guinther, John Teed, Franklin
Thomas, Allen Gilbert, and Christian Shultz,
letter-carriers of the city of Reading, Pennsyl-
vania, asking that their salaries may be in-
creased to the fixed sum of $1,200 a year.
By Mr. HILL: A petition for the relief of
Brevet Major Robert Anderson, from the Gov-
ernor of New Jersey and others.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Margaret A. Hyde,
of New Jersey, for a pension.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: The petition of
Horace Adams and Luman Olmsted, surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812, for compensation.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Hon.
Marshall Jewell, Governor of Connecticut, and
others, for the relief of General Robert Ander-
son.
By Mr. KNOTT: The petition of Nancy
Mason, widow of James 15. Mason, late of
company E, fifty-second Kentucky volunteers,
for a pension.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of John
Brooke and others, for pensions to soldiers of
the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of William Witherspoon,
of Illinois, asking for a law allowing him a pen-
sion.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Martha
J. Allen, widow of John A. Allen, late priyate
of company D, first regiment Tennessee light
artillery, praying the removal of the charge of
desertion against her late husband.
Also, the petition of Eliza Webb, widow of
Daniel G. Webb, late private in company G,
eighth regiment Tennessee cavalry, praying
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Ruhany Brown,
widow of Henry Brown, late private company
K, tenth regiment Tennessee cavalry volun-
teers, praying for pay and bounty.
Also, the petition of Eli D. Willis, of Tugs-
ville, Tennessee, praying reimbursement of
expenses incurred in recruiting, subsisting,
and transporting 250 men for the seventh regi-
ment Tennessee cavalry in 1863.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of Sarah H. Roberts, mother of Mark H.
Roberts, for arrears of pension from the date
of her son's death.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Jarvis, a pri-
vate in company —, — regiment New Jersey
volunteers, asking for a pension.
Also, the petition of James M. Adams, a pri-
vate in company B, second regiment New Jer-
sey volunteers, asking for a pension.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine : The petition
of Edwin Woodson, of company G, twenty-third
regiment Maine volunteers, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Simon Record, of Buck-
field, Maine, for a pension.
Also, the petition of John Newell, of Maine,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Joseph Wilson, of Dur-
ham, Maine, for a pension.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of John
Burke, late first lieutenant company F, seven ty-
third Ohio volunteers, praying for arrears of
and three months' extra pay, under the pro-
visions of the act of March 3, 1869.
By Mr. NUCKOLLS : The petitions of Wil-
liam Terry and R. P. Cochran, for removal of
their disabilities.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of George
Beecher, asking for a pension.
Also, the petition of Jane Shinefield, mother
of George S. Shinefield, asking for arrears of
pension.
By Mr. ORTII; A petition from citizens of
Boone county, Indiana, in reference to the tax
on beef and pork packers.
By Mr. PALMER: A petition from citizens
of Hopeville, Clarke county, Iowa, for pensions
to soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of the Lieu-
tenant Governor, secretary of State, and treas-
urer of the State of Vermont, praying that the
pay of General Robert Anderson be raised to
that of a major general.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition from sol-
diers of the war of 1812, asking a bounty from
Government for services rendered during said
war.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia,
asking that Congress will confer the rights of
a belligerentPowerand acknowledge the inde-
pendence of Cuba.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of John
R. Reynolds, of Dayton, Ohio, heretofore re
ferred January 6, 1868, praying for compensa-
tion from the Government for corn, &c., sold
to the United States Army in Mississippi.
Also, the petition of the Governor of Ohio
and other officers and citizens of that State,
praying that some provision may be made for
the relief of Brevet Major General Robert
Anderson, of the United States Army.
By Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee : A petition
and papers asking for rent of property used for
hospitals during the war belonging to Brown,
Jones & Co., of Memphis, Tennessee.
Also, a petition and papers asking for rent of
property used by the quartermaster's depart-
ment during the war belonging to Alston,
Swayne, and Coleman.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of Messrs.
i A. G. Vickery, G. Capard, and others, whole-
sale dealers in beef, pork, bacon, and lard, in
relation to a late decision of Commissioner
Delano.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Elizabeth
Cate, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Gardner, for
arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Sarah J. Winfield, for
arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Conant, for
arrears of pension.
Also, the "petition of Swah A. .Johnson, for
a pension.
Also, the petition of Anna B. Snider, for a
PeAlso! petition of Elizabeth Meyer, for arrears
°f Iko^the petition of Thomas Clair, for a pen-
S1°Aiso, the petition of J. H. Rhodes and 272
others, citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio, that
tensions be granted to the surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812 and the widows of deceased
TEOTP; Th. Pf<Jo" *
Harriet Baglin, of Ohio, mother of William
Baglin, deceased, late a private m company h,
eighteenth regiment United States infantry,
praying to be paid arrears of pension.
Bv Sir. WELKER: The petition of Mary
M Tingling, mother of H. W. Tingling, late
of company E, sixteenth Ohio volunteer in-
fantry, for arrears of pensioa.
Also, the petition of Mary Welsher, mother
of Andrew Welsher, late of company I, thirty-
third Iowa volunteers, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. WITCHER: The petition of Ira J.
McGinnis, of Virginia, praying the removal of
his political disabilities. . .
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of citi-
zens of Scranton, Pennsylvania, in favor of
conceding belligerent rights to the Cuban
patriots.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 21, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newmak,
D.D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is an error in the
Journal which I desire to have corrected. By
the Journal itappears that the bill' (S. No. 051)
for the protection of the settlers within the Fort
Ridgely military reservation, introduced by me
yesterday, was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, whereas it should be "the
Committee on Public Lands," to whieh it prop-
erly belongs. I ask that that correction be
made. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal will
be so corrected.
smithsonian institution".
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state, as the recess commences to-mor-
row, that there is a vacancy of one Senator
appointed among the Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, thelateSenatorfrom Maine,
and the law of 1846 requires that these vacancies
shall be filled by the Senate in the same man-
ner that committees are appointed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HAMILTON presented the petition of
Ethelin H. Robb, widow of John Robb, de-
ceased, praying compensation for services ren-
dered by her husband as acting Secretary of
War, for which a judgment was rendered by
the Court of Claims against the United States
for the sum of $2,876 73; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN. I present the petition of the
heirs of John Rice Jones, deceased, concern-
ing unsatisfied private land claims in the State
of Illinois. The petitioners allege that their
ancestor during his lifetime was the owner of
several tracts of land in the State of Illinois,
which afterward were sold by the Government
inadvertently; that they were not acquainted
with the facts at the time, and did not learn of
them until the decease of their ancestor; and
they pray that they may have I he opportunity
to locate an equal amount of land elsewhere on
lands that may be subject to sale at private en-
try. There are several papers connected with
the memorial and also the lorm of the bill. I
move that the petition and accompanying papers
be referred to the Committee on Private Laud
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Mary B. Walker, widow and execu-
