1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2519
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and requires
the Postmaster General, in settling and adjust-
ing the matters and accounts of Timothy Baker,
late postmaster at St. John's, in the State of
Michigan, to pay him the sum of $685 62,
being a sum of money paid by said Baker on
a judgment against him in favor of the United
States, which said sum consists of commissions
that should have been allowed said Baker upon
said claim.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report accom-
panying the bill be read.
Mr. FERRY. I will state to the gentleman
that this is the case which was before the House
last week. Objection was marie by some gen-
tlemen to the bill then reported on account, of
interest being allowed, if the gentleman had
listened to the reading ot' the bill he would
have seen that it has been modified 111 that
respect.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdraw the requestfor
the reading of the, report.
Mr. FEiiRY. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEOKCE W. KEYES.
Mr. FERRY, from the same committee, also
reported back with the recommendation thatit
do pass, the joint resolution (H. R. No. 128)
for the relief of George W. Keyes.
The question was 011 ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and requires the Postmaster General, in set-
tling the accounts of George W, Keyes, post-
master at Olivet, Michigan, to allow him a sum
not exceeding $106 50 as indemnification for
a like amount belonging to the post office fund,
and stolen from him by burglars, and which
amount has been paid to the United States by
said George W. Keyes ; provided, that it shall
be proven satisfactorily to the Postmaster Gen-
eral that funds belonging to the Post Office
Department to the amount of $100 50 were
stolen by burglars, and that said George W.
Keyes was not guilty of neglect in the custody
thereof.
Mr. FERRY. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
D, B. ALL15S AND COMPANY.
Mr. TWICHELL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to report a bill for the relief of D. B. Allen &
Co., but as there is a bill from the Senate pre-
cisely similar to it on the Speaker's table, I
ask that that bill be taken up and passed.
There was no objection; and the bill (S.
Mo. 487) to provide for the payment of D. B.
Allen & Co. for services in carrying the United
States mails, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time. It
appropriates the sum of $21,543 for the pay-
ment of D. B. Allen & Co. for carrying the
United States mails between New York and
San Francisco in 1864 and 1865, during the
suspension of the overland mail service on the
overland route, in full payment for tile ser-
vice.
Mr. CULLOM. I would like to hear some
reasons for the passage of this bill.
Mr. TWICHELL. This is a claim for car-
rying the mails by steamer during the inter-
ruption of the overland mail service by Indian
disturbances in 1864 and 1865. The claim was
for $210,000. The committee report in favor
of allowing $21,543, The bill has passed the
Senate three times. It was before the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads dur-
ing the Thirty-Ninth Congress and the Fortieth
Congress, and the committee voted to report
it, but had 110 opportunity to do so for want
of time. The bill comes up again this session,
and we have reduced the allowance to this
amount. The American Mail Steamship Com-
pany had a contract for carrying the printed
matter; the Overland Mail Company had a
contract for carrying the letter mails. The
overland contract was for §840,000 a year,
and the contract of the steamship company for
carrying the printed matter was §150,000 a year.
The committee propose to pay them by this
bill for carrying the letter mail at the same
rate per pound that they carried the printed
matter for; 110 more and no less. The actual
weight of the mails carried is given by the
postmaster of New York, and the actual num-
ber of letters carried is also given. Postmaster
General Creswell recommends the allowance
of this sum.
Mr. BOYD. The gentleman says this bill
has been before the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. I can find 110 member
of that committee here except the gentleman
who knows anything about the bill. I have
attended all the meetings of the committee and
I have never seen this bill.
Mr. TWICHELL. There can be no ques-
tion between the gentleman and myself on that
point. It was the unanimous vote of the com-
mittee that a bill similar to this should be re-
ported.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a question ?
Mr. TWICHELL._ Certainly; I shall be glad
to answer any questions.
Mr. HOLMAN. The General Post Office
laws ordinarily would permit the Postmaster
General to adjust this class of claims. I would
ask the gentleman why this claim against the
Government was not paid by the Postmaster
General ?
Mr. TWICHELL. The Postmaster General
recommends its payment. It was recom-
mended in Mr. Dennison's time, but they did
not feel authorized to pay it without an appro-
priation by Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is a recommenda-
tion that it be paid?
Mr. TWICHELL. Yes, sir; I will send up
the letter of the Postmaster General.
Mr. CULLOM. Is there a written report in
this case?
Mr. TWICHELL. There is.
Mr. CULLOM. Is this Senate bill the same
as the bill which the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads agreed to report?
Mr. TWICHELL. It is precisely the same.
Mr. CULLOM. Other members of the com-
mittee do not seem to know anything about the
bill.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask that the House bill
which I was instructed to report may be read.
The Clerk read the House bill, which is pre-
cisely the same as the Senate bill. _
Mr. CULLOM. I make the point of order
that the bill before the House makes an appro-
| priation and must have its first consideration
i in Committee of the Y/hole.
I The SPEAKER. The point of order would
( have been a good one if it had been made in
' time, but the bill has been discussed.
Mr. TWICHELL. I send up the report of
the committee and ask that it be road.
The report was read.
Mr. CULLOM. Is this a report to the House?
Mr. T WICHELL. It is a report, to the com-
mittee and the House,
Mr. CULLOM. For this session?
For this session.
Mr. BOYD. Ihe records of the committee
show that this bill was referred to the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. T#i-
chell] as a sub-committee for report to the
committee. That report, so far as I kbow,
has never been received by the committee, and
without some further investigation I would be
unwilling, as a member of that .committee, to
say that it is a report of the committee. That
is the way I stand in regard to' it.'
Mr, TWICHELL, I am surprised that the
gentleman now questions the course th$t has
been pursued. The gentleman is mistaken in
some respects. This bill was referred to
myself an a sub-committee for report, and I
reported upon it to the committee. The chair-
man of the committee then told me, in presence
of the committee—I am not certain that a
formal vote was taken—to report the bill to
the House; to which no objection was made.
I understood that it was the unanimous report
of the committee.
Mr. BOYD. It may have been so, but I do
not recollect anything about it.
Mr. TWICHELL. That is so. Let the
letter of the Postmaster General be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Post Office Department,
January 27, 1870.
Sib : Referring to your note of the 22d instant., in-
closing several papers ill relation to the claim of 1).
B. Allen & Co. Jor mail service between Sew York
and San Francisco in 18Gf and 1865, and among them
a bill, now before the Senate Committeo on Post
Offices and Post Roads, providing for the payment of
©3,000 to that company, anil asking, " if by t.lie rules
which would govern at the Department said Allen &
Co. could justly claim the amount named in tho bill
for the service performed,"your attention is respect-
fully erilled to the report of the Postmaster General
to Mr. D. C. Moltuer, of June 11, 1866, communicated
to you on theitth instant, which gives two modes ol
computing this compensation:
Tho first, stating it at 321,/i43, is doemod to be in
strict conformity to the spirit, if not to the exact
letter, of the law of July2,1836, which provides" that
110 additional compensation shall be mado to any
mail contractor so astliatthecompensationfor addi-
tional regular service shall exceed tho exact propor-
tion which tho original compensation bears to tho
original services stipulated to bo performed." In this
case the weight of the mails earned by ships during
the suspension of the overland service was ascer-
tained, and also the weight earriedby the ships both
before and after tho suspension,and this amount de-
ducted from the other gave the bulk and weight of
mails thrown upon the ships in consequence of the
overland interruption, and pay for this extra balk is
cast at the same rato as given for the regular legiti-
mate mails.
The other process of computation, by which the
sum of $10,387 is arrived at, is by considering tho ex-
tra mails as first-class fast freight, and calculating
them at tho company's rates for that description of
freight, namely, sixteen dollars per one hundred
pounds; but as mails are not usually shipped as
freight, and as it is.urgodthat mails are ofmore value
than ordinary merchandise, it is suggested that tho
larger sum, or $21,543, be allowed.
Th e papers submitted by you are herewith return ed.
Respectfully, <£0.,
JOHN A. J. CRESWELL.
Postmaster General,
Mr. TWICHELL. And I have also a letter
from Postmaster General Dennison.
Mr. BOYD. I move that the Senate bill be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Twichell] yield for that
purpose?
Mr. TWICHELL. I have no objection to
that at all. Our records ought to show what
was done in this case.
Mr. BOYD. I do not find a single member
of the committee who knows anything about
it except the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. TWICHELL. _ Let the Senate bill be
referred to the committee.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGING THE MISSISSIPPI AND MISSOURI.
Mr. FERRY. I have been instructed by
