1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
whether any such ofiioer has aoqaiesoed iaor offi-
cially passed upon and accepted any nomination
knowing it to be of th« character indicated; and
also to inquire and report in regard to any money or
other improper consideration in the premises.
REPORT OF I'A HIS EXPOSITION.
Mr. TWICIIELL. I have a resolution which
I desire to have adopted. I send with it to the
Clerk's desk a letter of the Secretary of State,
and ask that both be read.
• The Clerk read as follows:
Dkpartmbnt op State.
Washington, February 23,1870.
Dear Sir : I have yours, requesting a copy of a
part of the report of the Paris exposition. I should
be pleased to comply with your request if it were
possible. The number of copies at the disposi-
tion of this Department is limited, and we have
been obliged to decline many requests similar to
yours. The document is a very valuable one, much
more valuable than many things that are printed by
order of Congress, and would be well worth reprint-
ing by order of the House if such things are to be
continued. _
Your, very truly, J. C. B. DAVIS.
Hon. Giniry Twichell. M. C.
The resolution was as follows:
Iteaolved, That there be printed eight thousand
copies of the report of the Paris exposition, five
thousand for the use of the House, two thousand for
die use of the Senate, and one thousand for the use
of the State Department,
Mr. KELSEY. I object to this resolution.
We have too much printing done now.
frbkdmen's bureau.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask unanimous consent :
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time: j
Retolved. by <Ae House of Representative!, That the !
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau be, and he ;
is hereby, directed to furnish this House at an early
day with a full and detailed statement of all moneys ;
drawn from any fund at his control as Commissioner
and turned over to or expended on account of How-
ard University and the freedmen's hospital ia the
District of Columbia, whether for land, buildings,
and building materials, rendering a separate account
of each, both for the university and the hospital,
with the names of the persons or firms to which these ,
payments were made, and all moneys paid on ac- .
count of the falling of the first hospital building;
also what amount ot' bonds, other than Government .
bonds, of any corporate association or associations I
he has pnrchased, and what use or disposition has
been made of the same or any of them; and that in
addition the Commissioner be, and he is hereby,
directed to furnish this House with copies of all con-
tracts and accompanying specifications for the erec-
tion of the buildings on the university grounds and
upon the grounds occupied by the freedmen's hos-
pital.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider the
votes by which bills and joiut resolutions have
been referred or recommitted since the expira-
tion of the morning hour; and I also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Before the vote is taken
upon my motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the Indian appropriation bill I move
that the general debate npon that bill be limited
to one hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I now insist on my motion
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
thestate of the Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mercur in the chair.) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the first special
order, being House bill No. 1169, making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th June, 1871,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The House has ordered
that all general debate on this bill shall cease
in one hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that the first reading of
the bill be dispensed with.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the exam-
ination which I have given to the Indian sys-
tem, necessitated by the particular charge of
this bill which has been given to me, has con-
vinced me that the action which the House took
at the spring session in refusing further to ratify
Indian treaties was judicious. I trust that by
the action of the House upon this bill at present
as well as in the form which it may assume
after its passage in the Senate, this attitude "will
be maintained.
I believe that the system of Indian treaties
has led to more mischief to the Indians, more
wasteful expenditure of the funds of the Gov-
ernment, has given more opportunity and
encouragement to speculators and sharpers to
prey upon the Government and the people,
than any system which human ingenuity could
devise. By one feature of the treaty system
we have been buying lands over and over again
from the same tribes; that is, we have bought
the lands, acknowledging the ownership of the
Indians in them where any particular tribe
might be located. We have moved them upon
unclaimed lands, and then, with the progress
of emigration, have bought those lands again.
We have removed them still further to the west,
and again bought those lands, lands not cir-
cumscribed in extent by the necessities of the
Indians, but given in immense quantities be-
cause the land wa3 open, and afterward bought
back at so much per acre.
The Indians have not been benefited by this
course, for, as a general rule, especially in the
treaties made prior to the last few years, it has
been provided that the compensation to them
should be paid iu the shape of coin annuities,
or annuities in money, generally divided among
them per capita. The meney thus paid has
generally been wasted on objects deleterious to
themselves, producing no benefit to them, for
they do not know the value or use of money,
but making great drafts upon the Treasury.
Under the treaty made by what was called the
Indian peace commission the Sioux Indians,
numbering some twenty-two thousand, have
had assigned to them within the last few years,
although the treaty was rejected so to say by
this House, a territory nearly as large as the
State of Iowa; a territory almost in the very
path of present emigration, a territory unques-
tionably rich in mineral wealth, a territory
which, with a population that would render its
advantages available, would furnish the founda-
tion for a great State, nearly as large as the
New England States all together. This system
is no advantage to the Indians. It fosters their
roving habits, as it gives them an opportunity
to follow their natural tastes, and does not tend
toward their civilization or advance them one
step in the scale of progress.
Furthermore, sir, these more recent treaties
which we have rejected have contained pro-
visions which I would characterize as ridiculous
were it not that they entail large expenditures
upon the Treasury. By the treaties made by
the peace commission with the Sioux Indians
and a number of other tribes, a species of
uniforms was provided for the Indians, clothing
which they never use, which fetters their move-
ments, which they cannot be induced to adopt,
which makes them look and feel ridiculous,
which they destroy almost as soon as it is fur-
nished to them. Yet under those treaties
thousands and thousands of dollars are to be
appropriated out of the Treasury for such
objects.
1 hold in my hand an extract which I have
cut from a letter published in the Chronicle
of this city. The writer gives a description of
a scene which occurred under his own observa-
tion in the distribution of such clothing as that
to which I have referred to one Indian tribe.
I do not know the author of the letter, but as
his statements correspond with those made to
me by the Indian Commissioner, and with the
information which I have derived from other
sources, I believe them to be sufficiently au-
thentic to justify me in asking the Clerk to
read them to the House, as an illustration of
some of the features of those treaties which
this House has heretofore condemned, and 1
trust it still will.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I also witnessed an issue of clothing to tho Pen-
nytaker band of Indians. This was exceedingly
interesting. The agent, Mr. Tatum, had the cloth-
ing for the band piled out near his agency buildings,
Jhe Indians coming up turned it over to tne
chiefs. Asey-habit, (Milky-way.) Tosha-way, (Silver
Brooch,) and Asey-Too-Yet, (Dirty Man.) They
formed the band in a circle, tho warriors on the
right, and next to them the smaller boys, then the
women, and lastly the girls. They all satdown cross-
legged. The chiefs would throw a coat or a hat to a
man; he would try it on, and if it did not fit pass it
along until it suited somebody or got to the boys.
The latter got nearly all the largest hats and coats,
and looked quite ludicrous in their new outfit. Pants
were distributed without choice. These Indians never
wear pants, but cut the seats out and wear the legs
as leggins, held up by straps extending to a waist-
belt on the outside. The calico was divided out
equally among the women. During the issue there
was a constant uproar, dogs barking, papooses cry-
ing, horses neighing, old squaws screaming, and
bucks grumbling and talking. They ail seemed satis-
fied when they got their red blankets on and moved
off, a gay looking cavalcade, toward their camps."
Mr. SARGENT. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
suppose that extract is a sufficient commentary
upon such features of our Indian treaties. But
there is another feature which I look upon as
exceedingly obnoxious, if it is not dangerous in
its character. It is the duty of the Government,
so far as it may be possible, to induce the
Indians to settle upon reservations, to plow the
ground and sow seed, and to prepare themselves
for the more civilized pursuits of life. Now
there are large estimates, to my mind enormous
ones,in the "book of estimates,"which are sent
in to us under provisions in our Indian treaties
for large sumB of money per capita, for provis-
ions and clothing of the description to which I
have referred, to be distributed to Indians who
are rovingat large, and over whose conduct, sir,
we have no control and no guarantee that they
have been or will be peaceable toward the
whites. They may be the very Indians who
enacted deeds of merciless cruelty of which
our people have some time reason to complain.
I further object to these treaties npon the
ground that it would seem they are gotten up in
the interest of men who have demands against
the Indians, or who pretend to have such, for
former depredations, and which are to be paid
withoutbringing their claimsto Congress, where
the evidence may be sifted npon which the
claims are based. I believe, sir, that many of
the Indian wars we have had have been started
in the first instance by speculators for the very
purpose of getting up a pretense for a new
Indian treaty.
I find on page 149 of the "book of esti-
mates," referring to the " Blackfeet, Bloods,
and Piegans," a provision like this, which is
not at all singular in-its character:
"Pay of such person as may be entitled thereto
such sum or sums as the said tribes of Indians may
bejustly indebted to byreason of such persons hav-
ing furnished goods, provisions, or supplies, or by
reason of depredations committed on tne property
of such persons by said Indians, $75,000."
There are hundreds of thousands of dollars
which creep into the "book of estimates"
under provisions of treaties like this, and the
Government has appropriated millions of dol-
lars upon no more evidence than is furnished
by an item like this in the estimates. If the
Government is to pay this money, and that
certainly is the theory of the appropriation, is
it not proper that the Government should
examine the evidence; that it should be sifted
by some committee or the Court of Claims,
and not act on a gross amount, a round sum,
always suspicious, reported in the " book of
estimates," to find its way into an appropria-
tion bill? Under the theory of the bill which
I report from the Committee on Appropria-
