1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
tions we do away with every semblance of
treaty provisions since 1807—'I think I am cor-
rect in that date—when this I^ouse refused to
appropriate for Indian treaties. We have
broken the continuity of the old plan of Indian
appropriation bills, and we have appropriated
only a certain necessary sum for the tribes
which need assistance, in many cases a much
smaller sum than would be required by the
treaties. We have also given the Interior
Department, much more discretion than here-
tofore in the expenditure of the money.
We do not propose that Indians roaming at
large, for whose conduct and good behavior
we have no guarantee,-shall receive annuities.
But if they will come in on the reservations,
if they will behave themselves, then we believe
we have made ample provision for them under
this bill. This is in the iuterest of humanity,
and although the expenditures are cut down
several millions from what they were last year,
and over a million below the estimates, it is
my opinion, fortified by that of the Indian
Office, that with proper economy the Indian
department can be administered, and peace
preserved among the Indian tribes, ana that
the Indians at the end of the next current year
will be in a better condition of civilization and
comfort than they are at the present time.
But, sir, this disposes of only a part of the
question; what shall we do with the treaties
which have heretofore been ratified, and under
which we have been making appropriations for
so many years? I say to the committee, and
I ask attention to this fact, that the Committee
on Appropriations are compelled under the
rules of the House to make appropriations
under statutes as they find them. We are not
the Committee on Indian Affairs. It would
irajjpse too great & burden on the Committee i
on Appropriations to be compelled to revise
the whole Indian system. We have from ten
to twenty appropriation bills to prepare, involv-
ing large amounts, and a multitude of items.
It would be impossible for the Committee on
Appropriations to discharge this duty, and also
to attend to its ordinary business.
And furthermore, with reference to these
former treaties, many of them contain provis-
ions for permanent annuities, to which the
faith of the Government is pledged as strongly
as it can be to any payment. It would be mere
repudiation for us to say to the Seminoles, to
the Creeks, to the Cherokees, to the Chicka- j
saws, and to other such tribes whom we have !
induced to leave the regions now covered by i
om cities and farms ana go to the West upon ;
the promise e£ permanent annuities being paid
to them—-I say it would be repudiation of the
worst form, and most disastrous and mean, con-
sidering the defenseless character of these par-
ties, for ns to refuse to make these appropria-
tions.
I see but one escape from the burden resting
upoa ns; and I am not entirely sure in my
own mind whether that is an escape or is
proper, but I would like to suggest it for the
consideration of Congress. An idea has oc-
curred to me from tie study I have been able
to give to the subject, ahd it is this : when
these treaties were originally made with these
tribes they were large and powerful, and very
numerous. We made promises to them of
annuities—I will say, for convenience of fig-
ures, an annuity of $25,000 to a single tribe.
At the present day, by disease, by wars among
themselves, by the fact that the mortality
among them is greater than the births, this
tribe has become largely reduced in numbers,
so that now probably the $25,000 is paid to
five hundred or one hundred Indians. Now,
is there any principle involved in continuing
the annuity at that amount in such a case?
Have the representatives of this Indian tribe,
these few survivors, a right to the whole amount
of the annuities originally promised and thus
far paid ? If it shall be just, in the judgment of
Congress, that we shall pay pro rata henceforth
upon these annuities, then it must be done by
a special bill; by independent legislation. It
caunotbe introduced into this bill, which is not
open therefore to objection for making those
appropriations.
; There ia another plan which might possibly
, be adopted with benefit to the Indian ; and that
is the appointment of a reliable and intelligent
commission to consult with the Indians where
ever they may be found, and ascertain if they
are not willing to consent to the doiugaway with
the demoralizing practice of paying money to
them per capita, so that the money appropri-
ated to them may be expended directly by the
Government for beneficial objects—for goods
sueh as they need, for agricultural implements,
and for better facilities for education. I believe
that if such a commission were appointed,
embracing such men as William Welsh, of
Philadelphia, and many of the gentlemen who
composed the commission authorized under the
j! bill of last spring, a great deal of good would
; be done. But it is a question for Congress to
I consider, and which cannot be treated on this
appropriation bill.
1 believe that our policy toward the Indians
should be humane. As a mere matter of policy
it is cheaper to feed them and civilize them
than to fight them. Our present system, un-
fortunately, is not civilizing; it is too warlike
| toward them. At the present time there are
| in all the Territories where there are Indians
; military posts, maintained at the expense of
I millions of money, which is chargeable, per-
haps as much as any items in this bill, to the
Indian service. I do not believe that these
j military posts have a beneficial result either
j upon the character of the Indians or the safety
of the settlers. I could show the House, if I
had time, by the report of the Indian commis-
sion, by the statements of Vincent Collyer, the
: secretary of the commission we authorized last
spring, and from T)ther sources, that there
are many kinds of demoralization introduced
among the Indians by the soldiers at these
military posts. In a statement which comes
to us this year in the report of the Indian Com-
missioner it is shown that upon one occasion
in the Cherokee country, on the Sabbath day,
when the Indians were assembling in their
church for their devotions, a band of soldiers
who had just been paid off, drunk and howling,
rushed through the primitive streets of the vil-
lage frightening the Indians and almost causing
a riot. These are not the examples which civil-
ization should set among Bavages. I fear the
ease is not a singular one, nor of the worst
character.
But further, sir, I say that our treatment of
the Indians with the strong hand, and the read-
iness with which soldiers can be launched
Against them, leads to acts of cruelty, and has
done so within the last month or two, at which
oar children will blush. If there is a parallel
in all our history of the massacre of Glencoe,
which, in spite of the eloquent pen of Macaulay,
stains the memory of William of Orange, it
was found in the mountain fastnesses of Mon-
tana a few day since, when scores of women and
children—children in their mothers' arms—
were murdered by our soldiers. The reports
which come to the War Department, and which
have been published in the papers, speak of
this matter very coolly, and say that one hun-
dred and seventy-three Indians were killed,
forty-four lodges destroyed, and a large amount
of winter provisions and three hundred horses
captured. Who were those Indians ? Of what
age and sex? I send to the Clerk's desk to
be read a letter from Vincent Collyer, secretary
to the board of Indian commissioners which
we authorized last spring, a gentleman whom
I believe to be above suspicion and disinter-
ested in his motives, addressed to Felix R.
Brunot, the chairman of that commission, who
resides at Pittsburg. I ask that it be read, to
show who were these one hundred and seventy-
three Indians who were killed in Montana.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op Interior,
Board op Indian Commissioners,
Washington, D. C., I<\bi-u<ny2:2.
Beak Sih: Atlast the sickening details of Colonel
Baker's attack on the village ot the Piogims, in Mon-
tana, on the 23d of January last, have been receiveil.
Of the one hundred and thirty-seven killed only ill—
teen were what might be called fighting men; tliatW,
men between the «gea of twelve and thirty-seven
years. Ten were from thirty-seven to sixty yuarrf,
and eight additional wero over sixty, in all thirty -
i three. There were ninety women killed, fifty-live or
1 over one half of whom were over forty years ofa.se,
and the remaining thirty-five were between twelve
and forty years. Lastly, there were fifty children
undertwelveyearsofage killed. Many of them were
in their parent's arms. The whole village had been
suffering for over two months past with small-pox,
some half dozen dying daily. The facts were re-
ceived to-day from Lieutenant W. B Pease, United
States Army, the agent of the Blackfeet, and is
indorsed by General Sully, United States Army.
With regards, faithfully yours,
VINCENT COLLYER, Secretary.
Felix R. Brunot, Chairman, Pitttlurg.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I think
no one can hear the details stated in that letter
without believing that I am justified in saying
that there was rivaled the massacre of Glen-
coe. In that famous massacre in Scotland it
was alleged that a certain barbarous clan came
down from the mountains to the lowlands as
marauders, and sometimes murdered the peo-
ple and drove off their cattle. It was contrived
that in the depth of winter the English troops
should creep upon their village and take them
by surprise. And when that order was carried
out, instead of taking them prisoners and try-
ing them for any violations of law of which
they might have been guilty, or restraining
them from lawless actions thereafter, they were
murdered in cold blood. Now, by the plan
of campaign against these Piegan Indians, it
was contrived, as stated in the order, that they
should be approached in winter when the snow
was on the ground, that they should be ap-
proached stealthily and surrounded, so that
there should be no escape.
This plan being carried out, they were then
murdered, men, women, and children, and most
of them women and children.' Sir, no laurels
can be gained in such a war, and I regret that
the hero of the Shenandoah valley and of Ap-
pomattox Court-House should have been be-
trayed into beingthe sponsor of a deed like that.
Sir, we deal with these people with ruthless
hand. I have no doubt that there are instances
of aggression on the part of the Indians; that
they sometimes murder, that they often steal
horses and cattle; but I also know that the
whites are oftener the aggressors upon them ;
that these poor Indians are frequently driven
to desperation by starvation; that the tide of
emigration pours through their territory, de-
stroys their game, circumscribes their means
of living, and finally, their rights invaded and
themselves oppressed, they are driven by sheer
desperation to right themselves as far as they
may, and often use desperate and bloody means
therefor. I say that it is the duty of this
strong Government to see that they are pro-
tected from the aggressions of the neighboring
whites; that they are not allowed to starve in
the deserts and the mountains where we have
driven them; that we should be more kind
and humane toward them, and that, if neces-
sary, the sum of $40,000,000, expended for
military post3 and military operations among
them, should be invested in giving them cattle
and other means of subsistence.
Mr. PAINE. I ask my friend from California
[Mr. Sargent] tovieldtomeforafew moments.
Mr. SARGENT. I will do so.
Mr. PAINE. I have asked my friend to yield
to me for this reason : I listened to the article
which he caused to be read, purporting to be
signed by Vincent Collyer, secretary of the new'
Indian commission. I also heard the gentle-
man say that he was sorry that General Sheri-
dan should have been in any way instrumental
in that massacre. Now, i have no personal
knowledge of the facts in this case. I do not
