4408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
It is that of an old man living in the State of
Alabama, who was a soldier in the war of 1812;
who has his honorable discharge ; who adhered
to the Unionthroughouttho darkest days ofthe
rebellion; who carried in liis pocket the passes
of Union generals whenever they got into that
neighborhood; who had taken from him all the
available stock on his little farm, and holds in
his possession to-day the certificate of the com-
manding general of the Army who took them
that they were taken for public use and turned
over to the quartermaster's department. And,
sir, that man comes asking for compensation.
We ought to tell him to-day whether he is or is
not a citizen of the United States, having borne
arms through ono war in defense of the flag,
and placed his aged body agaiust the enemies
of the flag in another.
That, sir, is the question which is presented,
because it comes to that. If these men are
citizens, they have a right to payment guaran-
tied, just as you or I have, whatever may be
the difficulties that surround the claim, or what-
ever may be the dangers that others not enti-
tled may receive payment; and we ought to
consider that when we give a negative answer
to the question whether men living in the
rebel States during the war, and who were
undoubtedly loyal citizens, we also affirm
another side of the proposition, namely, that
the men who were within the rebel lines are
exempt from the penalties of treason if those
who were within the rebel lines cannot claim
the guaranties of the Constitution. One result
follows from the affirmance oftlie principle as
well as the other. If 1 may not claim the con-
stitutional guaranties of protection for my prop-
erty where I stood up for the flag within the
rebel lines, neither is the man within the rebel
lines responsible for his acts against the Gov-
ernment. The two principles must go together,
and must stand or fall together. It is highly
important, as I said when I rose, that we here
and now give an answer to that question, so
that these men may determine whether they
shall vex the ear of Congress by their claims,
and that we may determine whether we will put
in our time examining them or not. Justice to
them, justice to the country, justice to our-
selves, requires that we meet this question and
settle it here ; and I shall be very glad if the
amendment offered by the Senator from Oregon
shall be considered as a test question, and that
if the Senate is willing to pay these claims it
will vote down that amendment, and if unwill-
ing to do so, adopt it.
Mr. STEWART. I think that the question
whether we shall pay these claims at all is the
first question in order. Upon that question
there are certainly two sides. Parties living
in the South were practically during the war,
as is well known, exempt from taxation as far
as the General Government was concerned.
What property was preserved for them was
preserved to them by the taxation of the loyal
States and by the sacrifices made by the loyal
people to prosecute the war.
Tkese are the two considerations that enter
into that question; and when you have determ-
ined them it does seem to me that a subject
so grave as this should merit a little consider-
ation as to how you are to ascertain who shall
be paid. I undertake to say, and my princi-
pal objection to this measure, is that there is no
machinery in the bill whereby you can ascer-
tain whether the parties you pay were loyal or
not. I dare not risk such a bill as this. It is
open to any amount of objection. The first
section provides that—■
All claims for quartermaster stores actually fur-
nished to the United States within the States of
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida,
(jci.i'sui, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Texas, andieeeiptcd for by the proper otticcrs
ri'ci'i'.-incr the same, or which may have been taken
Tlicein for the use of the United States without
giving such receipt-
that is, taken as iheArmy progressed through
the South v.iihout. giving receipts—
may be submitted to the Quartermaster General
accompanied by such proof as each claimant can
present as to tho facts in his case. And it shall bo
the duty of the Quartermaster General to cause such
claim to be examined; and upon such examination
he shall decide what sum, if any, is duo thereon.
Now, mark you, in the first place it provides
for such testimony aa the claimant can pro-
duce, and requires the Quartermaster General
to decidc upon the sufficiency of that evidence.
There is no provision for the United States pro-
ducing any evidence, no chance for them to be
heard at all. The war is over now ; specula-
tion is rife, and if any person appears to contest
these claims he does it voluntarily. It is made
the duty of no officer to get counter-evidence,
and it is an unthankful task for one living in the
same community to appear to resist these claims.
I very much doubt if the honorable Senator
from Alabama before me [Mr. Spekcer] would
want to undertake the job voluntarily, without
pay, of contesting the claims that will come up
from his State. 1 protest that if wo are to enter
upon this work we enter upon it with such
machinery that both sides can be heard, and
that only those who adhered to the Govern-
ment should he paid. Is it not fair to presume
that there are plenty of men in the South who
were engaged in the rebellion who would be
willing to get affidavits, and could get affidavits,
showing that they had furnished supplies to the
Army coming under the description given in
this bill, and who, perhaps, could get affidavits
that they were loyal? Affidavits are cheap.
Ex parte examinations are constantly subject
to abuse.
It seems to me if wo are to turn this matter
over to any other tribunal it should bo some
tribunal that is guarded like the Court of
Claims, some tribunal where the Government
of the United States will have a representa-
tive, where the citizen could be called on by
the Government to give evidence, where, if he
did give evidence, he would not be tiealed as
a volunteer and persecuted by his neighbors.
This will not do. It opens the door wider
than any hill [ ever heard of.
ilr. IIOWE. Does the gentleman know
that the Quartermaster General and the Com-
missary General settle just such claims as this
in every other State of the Union ?
Mr. STEWART. I do know that.
ill-. HOWE. And we pay the bills, what-
ever sums they find to be due?
Mr. STEWART. I do know that.
Mr. IIOWE. What authority has the Sen-
ator for saying this bill opens the door wider?
Mr. STEWART. I have this authority, that
in the rebel States there is another element of
evidence that does not apply in the loyal States.
Mr. HOWE. What is that?
Mr. STEWART. In the loyal States the
mass of the people adhered to the Govern-
ment, and in the loyal States you pay, as a
matter of course; but in the rebel States we pro-
pose to pay only theloyal men, as I understand.
Mr. 110 WE. We propose to pay only loyal
men in the non-seceding States.
Mr. STEWART. But does the Senator pre-
tend to say that the investigation of these
claims where you have got the question of
loyalty involved would be as difficult in Wis-
consin as it would be in Alabama ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. And docs he pretend to say
there would be an equal number of disloyal
claimants in Wisconsin as in Alabama?
Mr. HOWE. No.
Mr. STEWART. Would that question arise
there ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes.
Mr. STEWART. If it would arise there it
would be popular there to come forward with
the evidence. If a rebel in Wisconsin came
forward with a claim the whole people would
rise up and furnish evidence; whereas if a
rebel in Alabama comes forward with a claim
nobody dare give evidence against him. The
cases are practically entirely different.
Mr. IIOWE. Does the Senator know that
the Quartermaster General and the Commis-
sary General settled just such claims m Ten-
nessee and West Virginia?
Mr. STEWART, I know they have settled
some of those claims, and probably made a
great many mistakes; but does not the Senator
know that it was a very different thing to settle
these claims two or three years from opening
the question now to all the rebel States with-
out guard; and does it not seem easy to make
the proper machinery ? Is it not better to have
the Government of the United States repre-
sented? Would it not be better to provide for
trying these cases? Would it not be more sat-
isfactory to the loyal men? I say that if we
are to pay these claims, it is the duty of some-
body to frame a bill whereby both sides shall
be heard in the determination of this question,
for it is surrounded by practical difficulties.
If a proper bill can be prepared, so that only
those who were loyal, who adhered to the Gov-
ernment, and that question can be fairly ascer-
tained, I will vote for a bill; but f never can
vote for a bill whereby it is determined by ex
parte evidence; and wherever you require the
Quartermaster General to decide upon that ex
parte evidence——
Mr. A BBOTf. I presume the Senator from
Nevada does not understand that all these claims
are paid on certificates or receipts of quarter-
masters.
Mr. STEWART. I understand right the
reverse from the reading ofthe bill itself. The
bill says, " And receipted for by the proper
officer receiving the same, or which may have
been taken therein for the use of the United
States without giving sueh receipt." That is
the trouble.
Mr. ABBOTT. It is precisely the class of
claims that are paid in all the loyal States under
the general law as it stands. There is no new
door open at all.
Mr. STEWART. I have sufficiently ex-
plained the difference.
Mr. NYE. It' my colleague will yield to me
a moment, I should like to ask the Senator from
North Carolina, it' this is precisely within the
rule ofthe Department, what is the necessity of
the proposed law?
Mr. ABBOTT. Because it does not apply
to the States formerly in rebellion, excepting
the State of Tennessee.
Mr. NYE. My friend from Wisconsin says
the same rule applies in Wisconsin as in the
rebel States.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Court of Claims, as ihe
Senator from Nevada very well knows, is not
open to citizens of the States formerly in rebel-
lion.
Mr. HOWE. I beg leave to correct the Sen-
ator from Nevada. I did not say that the same
rule applied to Wisconsin as to therebei States.
I have been trying to get the Senate make the
same rule apply to the same class of men in
one State as in another.
Mr. STEWART. If it be true that there is
no more difficulty in distinguishing between
the loyal and disloyal in Mississippi and Iowa ;
if it is just as easy in Mississippi to find the
loyal men as it is in Iowa; if it is just as easy
to determine that question there, then I do not
want to hear any more about the difficulties
attending loyal men in the South. If those
who can give evidence will be just as free to
come forward, very well. Suppose an improper
man comes forward who has been a rebel and
presents a claim, if there is no more danger
of exposiug that fact in Mississippi than in
Iowa then the cases are parallel. But I hear
constantly from Senators of the South that it
is impossible to get evidence to convict crim-
inals there charged with murder, for the reason
that if they do testify they are liable to be mur-
dered themselves. I hear constantly of that.
If they are iu danger in giving evidence to
punish crime that is daily committed, when
punishing that crime is necessary for their own
safety, for the protection of their own firesides,
; 1 do not think thai they will feel at liberty to
i ofiei or. deuce to tell you who was loyal and
