5352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
and territorial business, and everything else'.
The Federal Government, in other words, has
absorbed all the business of the country, and
we have to talk about it, and that is what
makes the book so big; so that, if you will
only reform the politics of the country, the
Globe will come within a proper compass.
Now, I think it just and right that a commis-
sion should be appointed, to be composed of the
learned gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
the President of the Senate, and the Speaker
ot'lhe House of Representatives, to see whether,
if possible, some reform cannot be made in this
business; but, sir, I cannot forget that there
are many important matters that come to
us alone through the columns of the Globe, of
more than ordinary interest and value, for our
information. Only the other day in reading a
speech of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, I found a most important
table, which I propose to bring specially to the
attention of the people this fall, as it shows
the present Administration has actually made
a mistake of $32,000,000 in the estimates of
the Government last year. It is worth all the
Globe costs us to have the information go out
to the people that this is so bungling and prof-
ligate an Administration. I give that, how-
ever, by way of illustration, and not to make
any political point. I now yield the remainder
of my five minutes to my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to say, in reply to my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] that I have no more affection for
the Congressional Globe than lie has and
anticipate no more fame from it in the future
than he does. It is, notwithstanding, the best
report of the legislative proceedings we have
ever had, and I believe the best that has ever
been known in the world, while what the
gentleman would substitute for the Congres-
sional Globe is the very poorest. For, sir, I
defy any man to find a more ridiculous cari-
cature than is made of every man upon this
floor in the report of our proceedings as they
appear in I lie Associated Press, and especially
the New York papers. I have been libeled
every time I have been alluded to, until at
length 1 requested the reporter, as a matter of
favor, never to notice me again. I believe it
is due to the reporter to say that they take his
reports which go from here into their editorial
sanctum, and cut them and carve them, and put
the parts together to suit the convenience of
their columns, and so let them go into the
papers. Such caricatures go out into the
world as the reports of the proceedings of this
body. I have been appalled at some exhibitions
of myself in the columns of the Associated
Press. Yet, it is these defective and unfair
reports which my learned friend from Ohio
would substitute for the accurate Congressional
Globe, the reports of which are made by the
most skillful and efficient stenographers to be
found in any country. Why, sir, I pronounce
it a nuisance, this telegraphic reporting that
wo have of our proceedings. Let us face this
thing like men, and either say that the outside
world shall have no knowledge of our debates,
or that they shall have that accurate transcript
of our proceedings which these official reporters
give to the world.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment, to enable the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] to renew it.
Mr. HOAR. I renew it pro forma. Mr.
Speaker, it seems to ine that this is one of the
most important questions, in its relations to
public education and to civil government, that
can possibly be presented for the consideration
of the American Congress. The effect of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gaiipield] will be to deliver up, bound hand
nnd foot, the political sentiment of this coun-
try into the hands of a. few newspapers of our
great cities, and to deprive the Representa
tives of the American people of the power,
under their own direction, of communicating
an authentic version of what they say in debate
to their constituents and to the country at
large, and to substitute for these imperfect,
garbled reports of the representatives of par-
tisan newspapers. That would be the effect
of abolishing the Globe altogether. We have
already taken, in abolishing the franking priv-
ilege and in abolishing the exemption from
mail dues of local newspapers, a great step in
that direction.
Equally objectionable, it seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, is the proposition to abolish the pub-
lication of non-delivered speeches. The pub-
lication of these non-delivered speeches is the
mode by which the Representative communi-
cates to the public, forming public sentiment,
which acts back upon Congress, the results of
his labors, his thoughts, and his reflections on
great political questions.
There are many political questions which
are not debated in Congress at the time when
legislation takes place, and cannot be under
our forms; and he who conceives an important
public reform makes a speech or writes it out,
and it appears among the reports and is pub-
lished broadcast over the country. The news-
papers take it up, and perhaps years after-
ward it comes back and is stereotyped into a
statute. There were three or four speeches of
this kind, which I might name as having been
delivered at the present session of Congress,
speeches which go through the entire expanse
of our country through the publication of the
Congressional Globe. The speech of the gen-
tleman who usually sits on my left [Mr. Wil-
liams] in regard to the power of Congress
over the railroad tariff system of this country ;
the speech of the gentleman behind me [Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin] on the power of
Congress over the telegraph system ; the speech
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Puos-
REii] in regard to the relations of the national
Government to the education of the people;
each one of those speeches was a speech de-
livered in ordinary debate. But they were
speeches addressed to the intellect and under-
standing of the country, there to have their
effect; and when this effect has been had there,
then the Representatives ot the people will
carry out the public conviction thus produced
in laws enacted here perhaps years hence.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if you strike out from the
legislation of this country the great measures
which have been inauguiated, conceived, and
published in this way, you do the country an
injury a millionfold greater than the cost of
publishing these speeches.
[Iicre the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the propo-
itions of my colleague [Mr. Garfield] to be to
abolish the official publication of reports of
debates in this House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At the expense,
of the Government.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course at the expense
of the Government. It, means, sir, and it means
nothing else, that there shall be no official
reports of the proceedings of this House. The
gentleman undertakes to summon, in aid of this
absurd proposition, the practice of the Parlia-
ment of England. I ask my colleague now to
refer to his authority for saying that on any
day during his life the Parliament of England
has permitted the publication ol a report of the
proceedings of either House without the con-
sent of Parliament.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Nobody says
that.
Mr. BINGHAM. Butthegentlemau'sprop-
| ositiou and suggestion involve it. It means this,
! sir, and it means nothing else, that the members
' oft hi, Ilouseareto he reported according to (he
I i\-ipi ice or a'-cordmpr to tiie prejudice, it maybe,
i nt any ri poiter who for the time being may be
j in its g-jlleiics, and that each member is to bo
I held responsible to the country for what is
thus published, or to spend his time in correct-
ing the errors which may enter into those very
imperfect reports, or, as my friend from Illiode
Island [Mr. Jekc-kes] suggests, into the cari-
cature thatis made from day to day of reports
of the debates of this House.
It is not for my colleague [Mr. Garfield]
to say to me, in support ot a motion of this
sort, that complaints may be made of granting
leave to a man to publish in the Globe what he
has never uttered upon this floor, or that com-
plaint may be made of speeches written out
beforehand and read on this floor. I never
read a speech in Congress, and I never asked
leave to have one printed in the Globe which I
did not actually deliver. Therefore, remarks
of that sort cannot apply to me.
But what I desire more especially to say is
this: that a better and more accurate report of
the debates and proceedings of a deliberative
assembly never has been made than that which
has been secured here by the present regula-
tions of this House. It is no matter what men
say about it outside ; I say the mutilated reports
of the public press are no witness, and that the
reports made by the reporters at the table of
the House, area witness of what is done here. I
undertake to say, here and now, without fear of
contradiction, that the debate which now takes
place here, and which the gentleman intimates
is not a legitimate debate, is as legitimate a
debate as any that ever took place in any year
of this Republic, in any legislative body of this
country. I will not consent to allow state-
ments of that kind to go uncontradicted to the
country. I say there is open, manly, and direct
debate and consideration here that will do
credit to the present Congress, that would have
done credit to any recent Congress, and that
would not suffer in comparison with the legiti-
mate debate and consideration of any preceding
Congress of the United States.
So much for the statement thrown in for the
purpose of supporting this miserable propo-
sition, that the American people shall only
know what their Representatives say and do
in Congress by the caprice or the accidental
attention of the representatives of the press,
here. I am in favor of the largest liberty of
the press, and of its representatives making
such reports of our debates and proceedings as
they have opportunity to make. But I deny
either the sense or the reason of the proposi-
tion that a deliberative assembly like this shall
not have its own official record of debates and
proceedings for which, and upon which alone,
members shall be asked to hold themselves
responsible before the public.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not rise now because I
have any especial desire to say anything which
shall go into the Globe; but because I want
to make a practical suggestion to the House.
We of this Congress have made a contract with
the proprietors of the Globe to report and
publish the debates and proceedings of thio
Congress. We have entered into a written
contract for that purpose, which contract has
been approved by both Houses of Congress.
Now, it seems to me to be absurd for us to
undertake to bind and limit the next Congress,
and to say to them that they shall not make a
contract with whom they please and m their
own way for the same purpose. AH this seems
to me to be a sort of moral lecture by mem-
bers ot this House, in the shape of resolutions
and speeches, to the next. Congress, and an
endeavor to bind them hand and foot in this
matter. \\ e have agreed upon a stipulated
price to be paid for stipulated reports, and all
this lecturing which will be putinto the Globe
for the next Congress will receive precisely
that attention to which it is entitled.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. As I see my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. pAWiis) u
anxious to mov.' the previous ipte-;ion soon,
before he uoes so 1 wish !o U2aifi r-'iU the a'teu-
lion of the House to the proposition which I
have submitted. It is not to abolish the Globe
