2520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
tlie Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to report bagk, witlf the recommenda-
tion that the same da pass, a bill (EE. R. No.
197) to authorize the construction of certain
bridges across the Mississippi and Missouri
rivers.
The Clerk began the reading of the bill; hav-
ing read two sections,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Enough of this bill has been read to show that
it is not a private bill. 1 therefore object to it
i as not being in order under this call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
SUIL LETTINGS.
Mr. FERRY. I have here a public bill; I
think no one will object to its passage now after
I have made a brief explanation of it. It is for
the purpose of doing away with the expense of
malting a copy of the post office mail lettings
to be sent to Congress at each session, for mem-
bers will find upon examination tbat the copy
is never touched. The law provides that besides
filing ail the bids made for mail service a copy
shall be made and kept in the Department for
reference, and that another copy shall be sent
to Congress at each session. The copy for
Congress is a needless expense. I ask leave
to report the bill for action now.
The title of the bill was read: a bill (II. R.
No. WO) to amend an act passed July 2,1836,
entitled "An act to change the organization of
the Post Office Department," &c.
Mr. FERRY. I havo been instructed to
report that bill back with a substitute.
No objection was made ; and the report was
received.
The substitute, which was read, provides for
the repeal of so much of the twenty-fifth section
of an act entitled "An act to change the organ-
ization of the Post Office Department, and to
nrovide more effectually for the settlement of
the accounts thereof," approved July 2, 1836,
as requires the Postmaster General to report
to Congress copies of all offers made for car-
rying the mails.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman state the
object of this bill? 1 did not quite understand
him.
Mr. FERRY. The law now requires that
not only shall tho original proposals be filed in
the Department, both those rejected and those
accepted, but also that a bound copy of them
shall be kept there, and also that a transcript
of ttfe same shall be sent to Congress at each
session. The copy sent here lies untouched
the year round, and the object of this bill is
to repeal so much of the law as regards the
copy to be sent to Congress.
ilr. DAWES. Is tho copy at tho Depart-
ment open to inspection by tho public?
Mr. FERRY. It is. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under tho opera-
tion thereof the substitute was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask the indulgence of
the House for a single moment. After what
has been said by my colleague on the commit-
tee [Mr. Boyd] in reference to the bill recom-
mitted a few moments ago I would like to
make a brief explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman at the close of the morning hour
that he may ask consent to make a personal
explanation. The statement of the gentleman
at the present time would interrupt the busi-
ness of the committees,
IIELEN AND IIELOISE LINCOLN.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, reported back, with
amendments, a joint resolution (H. R. No-
85) for the relief of Helen Lincoln andSeloise
Lincoln, and for the withholding of moneys
from tribes of Indians holding American cap-
tives.
The joint resolution was read. The pre-
amble recites that the Kiowa Indians, on or
about the 5th day of January, 1868, captured
in Cook county, in the State of Texas, two
female children, whose family nameis unknown,
aged about three and five years, after having
murdered tho parents and all tho known rel-
atives of the children ; and that the children
have recently been recoveredfrom saidlndians,
and are now in the care of J. H. Leavenworth,
United States Indian agent, and are without
any means of support. Tho joint resolution
directs the Secretary of the Interior to reserve
from anymoneys due or to become due to said
Kiowa Indians the sum of $5,000 for each one
of said children, and to invest the same in
United States securities, and to use from time
to time the incomo from those securities in such
manner as he may deem expedient for their
maintenance, education, and support until they
attain the age of twenty-one years, when tho
principal shall be paid them ; and tho elder of
said children is to be hereafter known as Helen
Lincoln, and the younger as Ileloise Lincoln.
The second section authorizes and requires the
Secretary of tho Interior to withhold from any
tribo of Indians who may hold American cap-
tives any moneys due them from the United
States.
Tho amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
Strike out tho second aeotion of the bill.
Strike out in tho preamble the words "United
States Indian agent."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from Kansas why the sum of
$5,000 has been fixed in this bill?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will state that
a bill precisely like this was passed by this
House without any hesitation during the For-
tieth Congress. These two little children were
recovered by Colonel Leavenworth from the
Kiowa Indians on the plains a year or a year
and a half ago. They had been captured by tho
Indians somewhere in northern lexas. They
havo no knowledge of their parentage or family
connections, and are now under the care of
Colonel Leavenworth, being entirely dependent
on him for support. I do not know that any
special principle has influenced the committee
in fixing the sum of $5,000; but that sum has
been deemed no more than a just and sufficient
sum to provide for the care of these little girls
until they arrive at such an age that they can
care for themselves. Their ages are three and
five years respectively.
Mr. MAYNARD. From the statement which
has been made we can know nothing of the
circumstances under which these children were
captured by the Indians. We do not know
whether the responsibility for the act rests upon
the tribe generally or upon individual members
of the tribe. 1 would not do any injustice to
those who are not responsible for the act. It
seems to me that, under the circumstances,
$5,000 for each of these children is a large
allowance.
Mr. VAN HORN. The tribe recognized
their responsibility in the matter by negotiat-
ing with the United States authorities in refer-
ence to these children.
The joint resolution was ordered to bo en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The lot.tor motion was agreed to.
MBS. FANNIE KELLY.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The Committee
on Indian Affairs have directed me to report a
bill for the relief of Mrs.- Fapnie Kelly; but
as a Senate bill precisely similar is now on
the Speaker's table, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that it be considered in lien
of the House bill.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
666) to compensate Mrs. Fannie Kelley for im-
portant services, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
The bill proposes to pay Mrs. Fannie Kelly,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $5,000, for valuable
services rendered the Government in 1864, by
giving information to Captain James L. Fisk,
in charge of a train crossing the plains, and to
Major House, in command of Fort Sully, of
the evil designs of hostile Sioux Indians while
she was held in captivity by them, the sum to
be taken from any appropriation which may be
hereafter made for the benefit of said Indians.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask the Clerk
to read the report of the Senate committee in
reference to this bill.
The report was read. It appears that in the
summer of 1864 Mrs. Fanny Kelly left Kansas
with her husband and ten or twelve others for
Montana Territory. With a view of entering
into trade, Mr. and Mrs. Kelly took merchan-
dise and other properly with them valued at
$0,500. About two months after they left
home, while in camp, three days' journey west
of Fort Laramie, a mixed party of Indians,
consisting principally of the Blackfeet band of
the Sioux Indians, came into their camp, ap-
peared friendly, and asked for supper. While
the party was preparing supper the Indians
fired upon the men, killed three, dangerously
wounded two, and took Mrs. Kelly, Mrs. Lar-
rimer, and two children captives. Mrs. Lar-
rimer and the two children soon cscaped iu
the night, but Mrs. Kelly was held a captive
nearly five months, and during that time was
treated by the Indians only as savages could
treat a woman. During her captivity she
learned something of their language, by which
she understood their designs toward the whites.
In the month of September in that year the
Indians iu whose hands she was a captive at-
tacked and corraled a train of one hundred
wagons, in charge of Captain James L. Fisk,
of the United States Army, prior to which
they had made an attack, captured two ivagons,
and killed thirteen of liis men. While thus
corraled they compelled her to write to Cap-
tain Fisk and tell him to go on, as they would
not hurt him ; but she interposed a few worus
telling him that she was a white woman, and
begging him to release her, to which he replied
that ho would give three wagon loads of goods
for her release. The Indians directed her to
request Captain Fisk to send the wagons to the
hill. Mrs. Kelly, while seeming to do as di-
rected, wrote to Captain Fisk and begged him
not to break up his train, as it was their inten-"
tion to capture it and murder his men. This
warning induced Captain Fisk to keep his train
intact, and according to his verbal statement
saved it from capture.
In the latter part of November Mrs. Kelly
became convinced that they were near a town,
and bribed an Indian to carry a letter to the
place, which proved to be Fort Sully, by which
she gave warning to Major House, command-
ing, by stating that the Indians, upon the pre-
text of delivering her up, contemplated an
attack upon the place, and told liini to bo
guarded, as they were making all kinds of
threats: upon which orders were given to put
tho fort in order to resist an attack. A few
days after this Indians to the number of ten
or twelve hundred appeared, only ten or twelve
of whom were permitted to enter the fort with
Mrs. Kelly. The others were kept at a distance
while Mrs. Kelly was delivered up to Major
House.
Officers of the'sixth Iowa cavalry, who were
