1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
which is at this moment the subject of corre-
spondence between the Government in Wash-
ington and that in Paris, and^ it is important
that the rale of Congress on this subject should ,
be detefmined.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. i,
Mr. HOWE. If the bill passes the Senate
between this and the hour we take a recess
has he any sort of hope that the Almighty will ,
permit it to pass the HouseofRepresentatives? ;
Mr. SUMNER. Well, had it been passed
when I moved it the other day I have 110 doubt
itwould be passed finally before the separation. t
Mr. HOWE. Did it pass then ? >
Mr. SUMNER. It did not; but I wish that j
the Senate should doits part now, and I believe j
that its passage through the Senate will tend to j
settle the question; that it will be in the nature
of notice to these parties and they will govern
themselves accordingly. _ Meanwhile there are
great property interests in question which are
now in suspense.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to
suggest that if that tendency is what he aims
at that is already secured, since the Senator's
speech tends in the same direction toward
settling the question, and goes just as far, per-
haps, toward it as would the passing of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Not so far as a vote of the
Senate passing the bill. But, sir, let the Sen-
ate do as they please; I move that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of the bill, and
I would say that it is an important measure of
immediate practical concern. I see no reason
why it should be postponed until after our
recess: and there are many reasons why it
should be acted upon before we separate. If
it cannot be acted upon by the other House
the conclusion of the Senate will exercise an
important influence upon the course of our
Government; it will be in the nature of an
effective notice to France.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I shall not
resist the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, but he will allow me to apologize 
Mr. SUMNER. No; no apology.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not resist it, simply be-
cause I know that that is the worst possible
method of expediting business. The Senator
has moved this bill, and the Senate must con-
sider it, and I hope they will commence the
consideration of it. as soon as possible. I wish
to say that 1 thought it a vevy fair thing to
allow the Senator from Oregon to move the
reference of a bill ; but I was not altogether
unselfish in favoring the side of the Senator
from Oregon. I have been in an agony here
for the last week. Like himself I have had a
bill lying on my table. It is a bill that has
passed the House of Representatives; it is a
bill that has passed the Senate in Committee
of the Whole, and the merits of it have been
really determined by the Senate. It was suf-
focated in the last days of the last session by
a motion to proceed to the consideration of
executive business. There are a great many
parties interested in it. It is a private claim,
Mr. President; 1 am bound to make that con-
fession. If it were not a private claim I should
not be on the floor in reference to it, because
that is all the business I have here to attend
to, and I think I have some rights in the morn-
ing hour, because the Senate well knows that
it is only in the morning hour that the Com-
mittee on Claims can be heard at all; and so
it has always seemed to me a little ungracious
for this peculiar kind of business to be jammed
out of the morning hour by these Hercules who
can have the Senate whenever they see fit to
move for it. I do not allude now to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, as he well knows;
but, after all, he ia so much like a Hercules
that I was in hopes he would consent to let us
have a fair chance, now and come in when the
others do.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts moves to proceed to the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 115) relating to telegraphic
communication between the United States and
foreign countries.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, ifyouplease,
one word in reply to my friend from Wiscon-
sin. Why not take up my bill, the bill of the
Senator from Oregon, and then the bill of the
Senator from Wisconsin—take up all three?
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator allow me
one word?
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. RAMSEY.
Mr. SUMNER.
Now let me conclude-
Just a word.
but I wisli to be heart! on the ques-
to-
Why not take up all three ?
The Senator complains of me because I press
this bill. It is the only measure that I have
pressed during this session.
Mr. DRAKE. Is it the only one you will?
Mr. SUMNER. It is the only one I have
pressed, and in pressing it I am acting simply
as the representative of a committee of this
body. The bill has already passed the Senate
onec. It was reported at the last session by
the committee and is now before the Senate for
action. Am I wrong in pressing.it? The Sen-
ator seems to chido me. He thinks I demand
too much. Not at all. I am representing him ;
I am representing the Senate of which he is such
an honorable part; I am only trying to do my
duty representing the public interest: that is
all. In this matter I can have no personal con-
cern. I hope, therefore, the Senate will pro-
ceed with it and dispose of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is evident that all the
time spent upon this bill, inasmuch as it can-
not pass the other House before _the adjourn-
ment, will be time lost; and then in the execu-
tive branch of the Senate there is a monstrous
sight of business awaiting our action. I there-
fore move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
bill referred, and I know it will lead to no
debate, a bill introduced by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Minnesota is not debatable.
Mr.SHERMAN. Ihopehewillwithdrawit.
Mr. RAMSEY. If I do I can never get a
chance to make it again. The Senator Irom
Massachusetts will get the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, you have the floor.
I simply ask that the bill in regard to the
filThe VICE PRESIDENT. If by unanimous
consent the Senator from Minnesota can be
regarded as remaining 011 the floor, he yielding
it informally, as the rules are to be enforced
strietly, the Chair will recognize his motion as
being pending, and the Chair will now hear
the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. "SHERMAN. I move that the bill (S.
No. 285) to amend the banking act and to pro-
mote the return to specie payments be taken
up and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made.
Mr. HOWE. Is that the bill introduced by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner?]
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; I wish it referred
to the committee. The Senator can speak to
some other bill. I want this bill before the
committee.
Mr. HOWE. If the motion is to refer the
bill introduced by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts1 ""
Mr. SHERMAN. The_ Senator from Wis-
consin can speak to a motion to recommit or
to something else. I simply desire to have it
before the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know how the Sen-
ate can entertain a motion to recommit when
it has been committed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin objects, and the bill will not
now be referred.
Mr. HOWE. I have 110 objection to the
reference,
tion of reference.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not take it up
m Mt^SHERMAN. I should like to have the
bill before the Committee on Finance, where
we are considering the very subjectnow.
Mi. MORTON. Why not hear the Senator
fr°Mr^O We" But if I undertake to speak to
the motion now I shall interfere with a great
deal of business which the Senate is ambitious
°f Mi^ SHEr'm AN. If there is any difficulty
about it I withdraw my motion. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that there is objection to the motion
of the Senator from Ohio. The question recurs
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and (at thirty-six
minutes past twelve o'clock p. m.) the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After an hour spent in executive
session the doors were reopened.
MESSAGE i'K02I 'i'HE HOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 605) making appropriations to par-
tially supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870, in which it requested the concurrencc
of the Senate.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 18th
instant, approved and signed the bill (S. No.
283) to remove political disabilities of certain
persons therein named.
IIOOSE BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 93) to distribute the
number and rank of Government employes
among the several districts and Territories
was taken from the table, read twice by its title,
and referred to the joint select Committee on
Retrenchment.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (H. R.
No. 079) making a temporary appropriation for
the prosecution of the work upon the improve-
ment of the Des Moines rapids in the Missis-
sippi river, and the bill (H. R. No. 695) making
appropriations to partially supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] that the Senate
resume the consideration of Senate bill No. llo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed that motion
fell when the Senate went into executive session,
and I desire to call up Senate joint resolution
No. 85.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion was
pending when the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. It is precisely
the same as when a motion is made prior to
the Senate taking a recess in the afternoon,
and on the reassembling of the Senate at half
past seven o'clock the Senate resumes the eon
sideration of that motion. It would only fall
on an adjournment of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Chair
would be correct with regard to any business
that was up; but there was nothing before the
Senate except a motion to get something up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion was
pending. It would fall with the day if it had
not been decided upon; but it does not full
