1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5353
or to cut short the report of our debates which
arc made forthe Globe; but it is tovest power
in the Speaker of this House and in the Presi-
dent of the Senate to devise with thepublishers
of the Globe some means which shall be satis-
factory to Congress for limiting the amount of
irrelevant matter which shall be published in
the Globe, and which makes it impossible for
members to easily read and understand what
of importance is included in the reports therein
published. For my part, it is not my wish
nor my desire to do away with a full and ample
record of the proceedings of this House; for
that would not be desirable. But I desire to
have a record which tfte country will read;
which will not be too voluminous for posterity
to search through. Above all, I desire such
a record that members of Congress can, during
the twenty-four hours, find time to read the
daily proceedings, as we cannot find time to
do while the Globe is so enormous in size as
at present.
Let me here say in justice to the press of the
country, aud especially the Associated Press,
that whenever Congress shall do away with the
present voluminous record, then in this coun-
try, as now in England and in France, or to a
still greater extent, will the whole press, with-
out distinction of party, do justice to the abil-
ities, whatever they may be, of members here.
Justice will then be done to the unspeaking
talent, the silent members, as well as those
who frequently address the House in debate.
In the British House of Commons at the pres-
ent day there is a far better opportunity for a
humble member of the body, especially one
acquainted with manufactures 01' agriculture,
or versed in any specialty whatever, to obtain
the ear of the House, than in this body, where
necessarily the great mass of debate is absorbed
by those of us who are most accustomed to
addiess public audiences. Hence here, more
than in any other deliberative assembly m the
world, are the capable, intelligent, learned,
but silent members, denied their fair opportu-
nities.
Besides, sir, the present mode of publishing
the debates in Congress involves to a very great
extent a fraud upon the people of the United
States, and a fraud which the people cannot
long overlook. In former years when mem-
bers of Congress wished to address their con-
stituents by means of the press they did it
through the columns of the Intelligencer, or
some other newspaper; they published letters
with their names appended; and the official
record was not crowded with speeches, spoken
or unspoken, designed especially with reference
to the constituency of the member making
them. More than this, there is a practice
which should be known to the country, which
does injustice to the ability and learning of the
members of this House, and which tends to
degrade them before the public. Men without
capacity, without the ability to write speeches,
incapable of embodying the English language
into any decent literary production, but who
have money in their pockets, seek the assist-
ance of the highest literary talent of the coun-
try. our most distinguished lawyers or other
professional men, aud by their aid are enabled
to record in the pages of the Globe pretended
speeches such as the most able and eloquent
men on this lloor who have not their special
fields of study cannot produce. Such a prac-
tice is unjust to the abilities of this House; it
is unjust to its silent learning. We of this
body do not occupy before the country the posi-
tion which the Senate does, the position which
we might occupy if we had a fair, honest, read-
able record of debates.
I repeat that I do not propose to abolish the
Globe altogether; hence I hope the vanity of
llii-House will not. feel itself offended by my
piopObifion, I do not propose to strike oul a
tnis-Jp ppd-ch. I simply propose that through
aut liori^edorgans of the Senate and the House,
acting in connection with the publishers of the
Globe, we shall establish such a snperx ision
over therccord of proceedings that by the omis-
sion of matter unworthy of preservation we
may reduce the Globe to readable dimensions.
By the adoption of this system we shall do away
with the practice of recording in the Globe
almost every movement or gesture of members.
We shall eliminate from the record of proceed-
ings the .unimportant matters, thereby improv-
ing that record for every desirable purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all debate upon
this paragraph be now closed.
The motion was agreed to.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Brooks, of New York.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the following:
And that the Index of the Congressional Globe
shall for the present and each succeeding session of
Congress be inserted only in the last volume pub-
lished for caeh session.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say 
The SPEAKEli. Debate on this paragraph
and the amendments thereto has been closed.
The amendment of Mr. Lawrence was not
agreed to.
The question again recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Brooks, of New York.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "with
the publishers of the Globe."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not see
any objection to that amendment. I accept it
as a modification of my proposition.
The question being on the amendment of
Mr. Brooks, of New York, as modified,
The House divided; and there were—ayes
42, noes 79.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move the following
amendment:
Insert after line ninety-two the following:
Kor ceiling with iron laths under tho copper roof
of the Hall of the House of Representatives, and for
additional <?lass panels, flues, doors, and apparatus
for improving; the lighting and ventilating of said
llali, to be expended under tho direction of the
architect of the Capitol, §15,000.
The House divided 5 and there were—ayes
76, noes 32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Miscellaneous:
To meet a deficiency in the appropriation for the
legislative expenses of the Territory of Montana,
$10,000.
jb'or printing the journal of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Montana for the second and
third sessions of the year 186(5, &t,3(>2 70,
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to insert the
following:
For balance in full to John P. Bruce, for print-
ing for the third session of the Montana territorial
Legislature, $700 00.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
load this bill down with private claims.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
GO, noes 55.
Mr. FOX demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Fox and Mr.
Hoar, were appointed.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order for me to explain the amendment?
The SPEAKEli. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to state to
the House, Mr. Speaker, and you will under-
stand it, as will every other printer now present,
that this is the difference between the price of
composition in the West and the price of com-
position in the East. The estimate made by
the Department was according to the rate paid
for composition in the East, where composi-
tors then received from thirty to forty cents
per thousand in greenbacks, when at the same
time, to my certain knowledge, one dollar per
thousand in gold was paid for composition in
the Territory of Montana. I know this man,
John P. Bruce, well, and I know that he is
justly and honestly entitled to this money.
Mr. DAWES. What does the Department
say about it?
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I will say to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations that
the Department did not allow it, and merely
on the ground that they believed compositors
in Montana received only the same wages as
compositors in the East, when the faet'really
was they were paid three times as much. I
know of my own personal knowledge this
amount is due, and I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the House to under-
stand that this is a claim which the Depart-
ment declined to pay.
Mr. BECK. Just allow me to say one word
on the matter. Mr. Speaker, I have made a
thorough examination of this claim. As has
been correctly stated by the gentleman from
Montana, the Department cut the account down
and allowed payment only according to the
rates for composition paid in the East to com-
positors, when in reality the price was three
times as much. It is an honest claim against
the Government, and ought to be paid.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For a deficiency in tho appropriation for the legis-
lative expenses of the Assembly of the Territory
of Idaho, for rent, furniture, wood, storage, oil.
and candles, printing, stationery, and incidental
expenses, $3,100.
Mr. SPINK. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional paragraph:
_ To pay the increased compensation of the chief
justice and associate justices of the Territories of
New Mexico, Washington, Wyoming, Arizona, Col-
orado, and Dakota, under the provisions of the act
approved June 17, 1870, 810,000.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that this is
merely offered to carry out the provisions of
the law, which I hold in my hand, approved
17th June, 1870. By that law it is provided that
the salaries of the chief justices and associate
judges of several Territories shall be increased
to $3,000 a year. There has been no appro-
priation made for carrying out the provisions
of that law, and I offer this amendment for
that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For rent of office of the surveyor general of Wyom-
ing, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses, 52,000.
Mr. DAWES. I offer an amendment, to
come in after the paragraph just read:
For compensation of the surveyor general of tho
Territory of Arizona, $3,000; for clerks in his office,
$3,000; torrent of office, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, -$2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I offer also the following
amendment, to comeiti as an additional para-
graph :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay for
the use and occupation by the late department of
education of a portion of the building located on
the corner of G and Eighth streets, in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia, from November
12,1868, to April 16,1869, $127 78.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ment, making an appropriation which is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Interior, and
which the Committee on Indian Affairs have
considered and believe to be absolutely neces-
sary.
The Clerk read as follows :
For tho removal, with their consent, under the
direction of the President, ot the Kansas tribe ot
Indians, and for their resettlement oil binds belong-
ing to tho United States, in the Indian territory south
of Kansas, $50,000, to be reimbursed to cite United
States troui the proceeds of sales of the lards of said
Indians, m Kansas; which lands shall boiumedtaLeiy
opened to setticmeni, and shall be sold to actual set-
tlers only, said settlers bein^ beads of families, ami
over twenty-one years of ase, in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and si vry acres to ea'-h setf ler :
said lands to be appraised by thiee disinieresteit
appiaisers, to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Inleiior, and subl as atoresant to aetuulsottlei s only,
at the apprised value, under such i emulations .is
