266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
during the day. It is at the pleasure of the
parliamentary body to determine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope -the tele-
graph bill will not be taken up, but that the
Senate will allow us to proceed with the joint
resolution for the recognition of the State of
Virginia, which is a matter that ought to be
acted upon.;
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator gays the joint
resolution for .the1 recognition of Virginia is a
matter which ought to be acted upon. Now,
I have a suggestion to mako in regard, to that.
That resolution is a very important one. I pro-
pose to move a substitute for it which I have
not yet prepared, for it was only a few minutes
ago that I saw the resolution. It was laid on
our tables this morning. I was not aware of
its character until since 1 came into my seat
to-day. The Senator will see, therefore, that
he is pressing his resolution very closely. I
have not the substitute prepared which I wish
to offer. The Senator whispers to me that I can
prepare it in a moment. He is mistaken. The
Senator says it is important to act on the Vir-
ginia resolution. 1 say it is important to act
on the telegraph bill; and instead of taking
time in discussing the order of business I hope
the Senate will proceed -with the telegraph bill
and bring it to a conclusion. .
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senate will not
proceed with that bill, but will take up the Vir-
ginia resolution. The telegraphic bill is a mat-
ter that will lead to a great deal of discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. No, 110.
Mr. STEWART. And I must say that my
views in regard to the importauce of the tele-
graph bill in its practical working have been
very much modified. 1 belicveif thereshould
be 110 legislation on the subject there will be
110 great harm done. The chance for a mo-
nopoly is not so great as may at first appear.
There are so many countries in Europe that
if they have a telegraph company for each
one there will bo plenty of competition. I
do not think that subject needs very much
regulation, llere is a question of whether a
State shall be represented. The Committee
on the Judiciary have come to the conclusion
that Virginia is entitled to representation ; that
she has complied with all the requirements.
That seems to me to be in the nature of a priv-
ileged question. We are about to take a long
adjournment for the holidays, and I believe
that this resolution in relation to Virginia is
the most important question that can come
before us. If it is true that Virginia is enti-
tled to representation we ought not to delay
it for a bill that will involve discussion and
which can be acted upon at any time. The
right of a State to be represented is of para-
mount importance, and X believe we can pass
the joint resolution in u very little while, i
hope the motion to take up the telegraph bill
will be voted down.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts will suspend for a mo-
ment. Before this debate progresses further
the Chair must again state, as he did a few
days since, that in his opinion the object of
the eleventh rule, as it is now amended,- is to
have the Senate come to a vote on the ques-
tion whether they will or will not take up a
subject which it is moved to take up. and not
to debate it prior to the action of the Senate
upon that motion. The Chair thinks that even
111 accordance with the suggestion of the Sen- ■
ator from Massachusetts that a brief statement
might be allowed, the debate has already ex-
tended to tlm latitude that the rule will allow.
^ Mr. SUMNER. I do not propose to debate
tne merits, but I believe I am in order if I reply
to the objection which the Senator from Ne-
vada has made, not touching the merits. He
asks that the Senate proceed with the consid-
eration of the Virginia resolution. Now, I am
persuaded that my friend was not aware of the
statement I made a moment ago that I pro-
pose to move a substitute to that joint resolu-
tion ; that I have not yet prepared the substi-
tute ; that I was not aware of the report of the
committee until since I came into my seat this
morning. I never saw the joint resolution
until a few moments ago, and I understand the
Senator would press me, therefore, to act on
the joint resolution when I tell him I desire to
move a substitute which I have not yetprepared.
Mr. STEWART. That is a most ordinary
thing in the consideration of measures in the
Senate. If the Senator from Massachusetts
develops a state of case which shall satisfy
the Senate that there ought to be a substitute
for the joint resolution, of course there will be
plenty of time given to prepare it. That ques-
tion comes up in the course of business con-
stantly. If the Senator has objections to this
joint resolution, and shall state them so as to
satisfy the Senate that there ought to be a sub-
stitute for it, time can be granted to prepare it.
But inasmuch as this joint resolution is the
report of a committee, and it is a question of
the title of a State to be represented, it seems
to me it ought to have a hearing at an early day
and should have precedence over ordinary busi-
ness that is not pressing—business that cannot
be got through with before the adjournment
any way—while this joint resolution, if the Sen-
ate passes it to-day, will probably go through
before the holidays.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I do not
propose to discuss the merits of the Virginia
resolution, but to state my objections to taking
it up at the present time. The first objection
is that we have not had time to consider it.
I desire further information in reference to
Virginia. I have observed in the papers that
the House Committee on Reconstruction—and
I may allude to this—have had committees
| before them and have received much inform-
| alion as to the condition of Virginia. That
! information has not been accessible to me. I
| desire, therefore, to obtain it before we act. 1
can state further, that several members of the
Committee 011 Reconstruction in the House
informed me last evening that they had 110 idea
of taking up the Virginia bill and no expecta-
tion of action 011 it by the House before the
holiday recess. Therefore, what do we gain
by pressing it upon the Senate to-day when we
adjourn to-morrow? I merely allude to that to
show that even if we take it up to-day there
is no prospect of its passing through before the
holidays. Why press it upon the Senate when
really the Senate is not prepared to act? I
had no expectation that it would be called up
to-day, and did not suppose it was the intention
of the J ndiciary Committee to press its passage
before the holidays. I hope, therefore, it will
be laid over.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. I dislike exceedingly on
a question like this to have to say anything more
abou t it than simply announce what is the meas-
j me I desire to call up. But there isapersist-
1 eney 011 the pari of certain Senators in making
statements that it is not fair should go to the
Senate without being corrected. Now, the
Senator from Nebraska states that he has not
information. Well, here is a published docu-
ment, published and laid on our tables for days,
containing in detail the papers relating to the
election in Virginia.
Mr. SUMNER. Laid on our tables to-day
for the first time.
|j Mr. TRUMBULL. I saw it yesterday. This
| report was made by the Judiciary Committee
I yesterday.
j Jilr. SUMNER. My copy was laid 011 my
i table to-day.
; Mr. TRUMBULL. This report from the
| committee was made yesterday, and to-day is
! the second day afterward. This subject was
' introduced in the very first days of the session.
The President's message called our attention
to it and the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
to.v] at a very early day introduced a bill for
this purpose ; and this is a question of the
highest privilege, whether a State in this Union
shall be represented in Congress when she has
complied with the conditions prescribed by
Congress. If the Senate do not think proper
to consider it let them vote down the proposi-
tion. The Committee on the Judiciary did
think it proper to report it and have it consid-
ered, and my information is very different from
that of the Senator from Nebraska, who says
that it will not be considered in the other
House. I have been informed to-day by gen-
tlemen who are interesting themselves in this
matter that if the bill passes the Senate in all
probability it will pass the House.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, undoubt-
edly the Committee on the Judiciary, when
they reported the bill which it is now proposed
to take up, were of opinion that the people of
Virginia had complied faithfully and without
any evasion with all the requirements of the
reconstruction acts. I take that for granted,
but I do not happen to be a member of that
committee, and am therefore deprived of the
information which must have been laid before
them. I would desire a little more time to
consider this matter and to look into the papers
before we take this bill up for consideration.
As has been remarked by the Senator from
Massachusetts, I have seen but one document
on this subject, and that was laid on my table
this morning. It is a House document bearing
date December 11,1869. I believe that is the
only one which has been presented to the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. It has just been printed.
Mr. HOWARD. But this moment printed
and distributed. I have not had time to read
a single page of this document. I should like
very much for an opportunity to consult it, and
also to consult various other sources of inform-
ation as to the compliance of the people of
Virginia with the reconstruction acts. I feel
every disposition, for one, to readmit Virginia
into the Union whenever she shall show to us
that she has faithfully complied with the re-
quirements of the reconstruction acts. I will
be among the first to do that; but at present I
am without proper information on this subject,
and during the discussion of so important a bill
a? this is certainly not a very favorable time to
look into documents to ascertain the evidence
in the case. I hope, therefore, the bill will not
at this moment be taken up.
Mr. HOWE. The motion is to proceed to
the consideration of the telegraphic cable bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
motion.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do not suppose it will be in
order to move to consolidate the Committee on
Foreign Relations with the Committee on the
Judiciary, and so I shall not move it; but I
rise to make a single suggestion, which is that
111 my judgment if we are ever going to get
along with the business of the Senate we must
adopt this rule: that whichever of these com-
mittees moves a bill that shall be the bill to be
first considered, and that we must sternly frown
down every attempt to get up a collision be-
tween the two committees. I shall vote to take
up the bill moved by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts because he first moved, not because I
think there is the slightest consequence in the
world whether we consider either of these bills
to-day or before the recess.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary whether
any other papers are to he laid on our desks
relating to Virginia except in regard to the
administration ofthetest-oathiri Virginia? That
is all I find.
Mr. IRtlMBULL. There is another paper
on the Senator's table, if lie will look, showing
the ratification of the constitutional amend-
ments; and there is another paper on his desk. -
laid there soino time ago, from the President
or the United States, stating, in so many words,
that Virginia nad complied in all respects with
the reconstruction laws.
_ Mr. THAYER. Is there any information
in relation to the election which took place in
Virginia?
