564
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Ho. 03? Reps.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Stevenson.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
tendent, &c., and voted for and elected by the
same persons who voted for me, were duly
commissioned by the Governor of Missouri,
this same distinguished and unscrupulous sec-
retary countersigning the commissions. Under
these commissions the officers named are now
in the discharge of their duties in the county
of Monroe.
legal mokstbosity.
Tims showing, sir, that the registration
ordered by Mayo and conducted by Spring-
steen, Scott, and Pelsue was legal and fair and
valid so far as county officers were concerned ;
hut illegal, unfair, and void iu reference to
candidates for Congress, and so far as it con-
cerns them ought to be disregarded and ignored
for fraud.
If the members of this House, the jurists
and the judges and the lawyers of this House,
can sanction this legal monstrosity and justify
it before the country in order to retain in his
seat a usurper here, let them do it; let ihem
do it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWITZLKll. My time being out, I put
on the airs and assume the tricks of a Congress-
man by asking leave to piint in the Globe.
l_ Laughter.]
No abjection was made.
Louisiana Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. J. E. STEVENSON,
OK OHIO,
In the House op IIeprksen'tatives,
July 2, 1870.
Tlio House having under oonsklorntion tho con-
tcstocl-elcwtion caso of l>:imill vs. from tho
third cojiKrc.^tonal distlicl of Louisiana—
Mr. STKVKNSON said:
Mr. Si'Rakkii: As we draw to the conclusion
of this business I feel obliged to say what 1
have not from delicacy said before, that there
is no reason for the manifest difference be-
tween the majority and minority of this com-
mittee, or which will account for the grave
departures from the facts almost constantly in
these cases by my colleague on the committco
from the State of Indiana, [Mr. Ivmtn,] ex-
cepting this, that by his misfortune he was not
present during one whole week when nearly
one hundred witnesses were examined in the
State of Louisiana; and ho has not smee been
able to catch up with the committee. That is
a fact which cannot be denied.
Mr. KKUR. i do deny it.
Mr. STKVliNSON. That you were absent
for a week?
Mr. KJiltil. No, sir; but that one hundred
witnesses or half that number were examined
during my absence.
Mr. STliVRNSON. That is my estimate.
Mr. KliKlt. ]<'orly-sevcn witnesses were
examined during myabsctico, but my attorney
was present and took memoranda of what wp.s
testilied to, and I know it as well as the gen-
tleman docs. Only three of tho forty-seven
were called by Mr. Bailey and six by Mr. Dar-
rall from this district, and all tho othcus were
from other districts, and testified concerning
other districts.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not yield to the
gentleman. I may have oveicstimated the
number of witnesses examined iu the absenec
hi the gentleman from Indiana—and 1 now
remember that we did relax our efforts some-
what during that week in consideration to
h:m—but he admits sufficient, to sustain my
point. He admits forty-seven witnesses. It
i" \ cry difficult for one who falls so far behind
in such an investigation to recover his ground.
The material fact is, as 1 have stated, and he
has never caught up with the rest of tho com-
mittee. That is the most charitable supposi-
tion I can make for him. When he states that
the massacre in St. Landry was the fault of
the Republican leaders he states what is utterly
untrue, and he knows it; or if he does not
know it, he ought to know it if he understands
the ease as he claims to. The testimony shows
the contrary of his statement:
Preparations for Riot.
"New Orleans, JuneO, 1869.
"J. J. Bcauchamp sworn and examinod on behalf
of Mr. Dnrrall.
" To Mr. Stevenson :
"I reside iu St. Landry parish, and have resided
thoro for forty years, i was chairman of tho board
of supervisors 111 that parish at tho last registration.
I was in the town of Opolousas when tho riot took
place. I took no part m it. About nine o'clock in
tlio morning I learned that Mr. Bentley was killed ;
shortly aitcrward I hoard that howas only wounded.
I saw that theio wasagrcat deal of excitement, and
I went back to my room and stayed in tho building'
the greater part of that day. I saw persons running
about the streets with guns. There was a great deal
of excitement. Tho court-houso bell rung a little
after ten o'clock. 1 saw Mr. Durant; he was tho
tfroncb editor oi tho Progress, isaw him twice that
day; once about eleven o'clock and onco about live
oViock 111 the evening.
" Qacs-tion. When was ho killed ?
"Anxmoi'. [only heard that he was killed just about
<1 usk tho bjuuo day. lie was killed just outaido of
the corporation of Opelousas, probably a mile from
the court-house. Ho 1 understood.
" Qtif /s(ten. l>id yuu understand that ho was killed
by a mob?
"A mwer. That is what I understood.
"Quretfon. Bid you hear of anybody clso being
killed or injured in the town of Opelousas?
1 beard of a colored man who was shot
in tho town that night, and who escaped. 1 heard
of fourteen negroes who wove takonout. of jail and
shot. Thcro was otio colored nism killed just below
the town on the I'aillet place. 1 heard the iitst alarm
about ten or hi teen tin mi t es after nine o'clock. There
were a great many pooplo toward ovening riding
mound; L cannot tell how many there wine; tliey
canm lium \arious pari** of tho parish._ There were
sonic ( hoi c fi 11111 about tw"! ve miles oil'. Thei e was
\ ory grout exeii enietit. Next, morning 1 saw from
three to four hundred men a round in the court-house
square, and at the hotel opposite. There were some
011 lhe gcillery and t'oint' fitting on the steps. They
were from vaiions part.- of the parish.
" Quraitan, iiomo witnesses have stated that thcro
weio about two thousand white people in the town
on tho second day ?
"Answer. Thcro may have been.
"Qncntion. llow do you account lor tho fact th.itso
many persons gathered there m so short a time ?
"Answer. X had anon very few present beforehand,
which mndo ino think that everything was ready for
that affair.
"(Juration. T>o you think that there was any organ-
ization to send word and to bring these men in?
1'es, sir.
'\iu< ti<>n. What prepar.it ions did you see ?
'M/jsiw. I had >ecn Mr. I'allord. who lives in tho
house adjoining mine, making ca rtndge-hoxrs, pistol -
cartridges, Arc. lie had been \ cry busy at it lor a
couple of weolcs. I did not sco any boxo.-, of arms,
but 1 understood from sovesal parties that.boxes of
revolvers had boon received. 1 saw mjself some of
the pisttds. They weio new ones. Tin-y weie not
exactly tho (Jolt pistol, but were what is called tho
police pistil—a live-shooter revolver. 1 understand
that they were sent ui> by tho boat from this city.
The first importation, X think, was fifty. 1 did not
hear how many came by the next importation. X
understood that, thcio wore two importations.
"Question. I'iom tho best lnfoiuiatiun you could
got, how many poisons wero killed or wounded in
that riot ?
"/Ittxtcjr. I judge from two to thrco hundrod, but
it is impossible, 1 suppose, to find out the exact num-
ber. There was no judicial investigation and no
coroner's inquest, that I know of.
"Question. Utiiv many v. hiU* poisons ueie injured?
"Answer. There wero two killed and two or three
wounded. Tho white men who were killed were Mr.
Durant and a Mr. Dearborn. Mr. Dearborn was a
Democrat. Captain Aitiy was wounded very seri-
oujly. ile was one of tho parties who went out to
Paillett's placc. He was a,new comer in tho parish.
I do not know what, his politics were. 1 do noi know
that any lighting took pliec on tho second day. I
know that killing was kept up for several days
around through tho country."
Jh'omning of Riot and (Imduct of Parties—Colored
Man—Tlle J'eace-Maker.
" New Orleans, June 7, 1S69.
" J. II. Overton sworn and examined on behalf of
Mr. Bailey :
"i ir^ido in Opeloivsns, and have resided there
since 18-'V>, I am. n. lawyer by profession, and have
been judge of the district court for sixteen or seven-
teen years. I am a Democrat, in politics, and liavo
been a Democrat over since I cast a vote, fifty-odd
years ago.
"To Mr. Stkveksos:
" I am seventy-two years of age.
"Question. You are over tho fighting age, accord-
ing to the custom of St. Landry 'I
"Answer. Oh, yes ; I had 110 arms, but I went to
the store and got a gun to defend my own fireside. I
was armed for that emergency. Some prominent
freedmcn in the town were very much excited. They
announced that this thing had to come oft', and that
it had better come off immediately; that we had
broken the treaty, and that it was a conflict which
was inevitable. They invited the conflict by sending
out couriers through the parish to bring in colored
men.
" Question. The terms of tho peace arrangement
were broken by this attack upon Mr. Bentiey ?
"Answer* I do not think that they were broken at
all. I thought that tho treaty covered the case that
occurred. That was a conflict between two persons.
Mr. Bentley had gone to a justice of the peace and
had made an affidavit. X thought that it would havo
terminated there, and that the matter would havo
been left to tho adjudication of tho authorities.
" Question. Was that your understanding of the
treaty, that men on tho Democratic side had a right
to beat a Republican, and that all tho Republican
could do was to go and complain before a magistrate ?
"Answer. Yes; all that he could do was to go and
complain. Of course ho was not to involve every-
body in a difficulty between two persons, whether a
Republican or a Democrat had been the aggressor.
" Questioji. Were not the men who attacked Mr.
Bentley themselves piominent citizens and parties?
to the arrangement?
"Answer. They didnotbelongto thotreaty-making
power. They were represented by thetreaty-making
power.
'* (Juration. Do you justify their breaking the treaty?
'VlHSKvr. No, sir, by no means.
"Question, Do the people generally justify them ?
"Anntnpr. I think not. Mr. Dickson was arrested
under the allidavit of Mr. Bentley and entered into
recognizance.
"Question. But Mr. Bentley was run off from tho
parish, so that he could not stay and prosecute
them ?
"./In&wr. lie could not.
"Qnrfitwn. Has anybody prosecuted them ?
"Anvicer. Not within my knowledge. I suppose
that tho information has been filed against them, but
J do not know that fact. I take it for granted that
the district attorney has dono his duty. He does not
belong to the Democratic party.
"Qupniion. Was it not the duty of tho Democrats
themselves for them to see that that man was prose-
cuted lor having broken through tho bargain ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Have they dono it?
" Anxtnpr. They had him arresred.
"Question. And then thov ran the injured party
off. What do you think of that?
X did not approve of that thing.
"Question. You have stated what was reported
against the colored people as to their own bad inten-
tions; do you know what was reported against tho
white peoplo among the colored people ?
"Answer. J do not.
"Question. You know nothing of their side of tho
stor.v ?
'Mnwr. No, sir.
"(Jurithoti. ILive you never taken any pains to
inform >ouioHl' as to thoil side of the stoiy ?
"Answer. Although,/ was chairman of the Demo-
cratic committco, yet X never had anything to do
with the rough-and-tumble of the campaign. <
"Question. Are there not eolored peoplo living in
Opelousas as well as white people?
"Anxmer. Ceitainly, sir. The servants in my fam-
ily aic all colored, and the servants in thesurround-
ing families are also colored. X think that at that
time there were more colored people than white
people in the town of Opclousas.
"Question. Suppose it had been rumored among
tho colored people of the parish that the white peo-
ple of Opelousas wore killing tho eolored peoplo,
would the colored people of that parish have been
justified in arming and coming into tho town to tho
number of two thousand?
Answer, 1 think that probably they would.
"Quofttiun. Did they doit?
"Answer. No, they did not do it.
"Quedwn, Would tho while peoplo of that parish,
on hearing that the colored people weie killing tho
whito people in Opelousns be justified in arming to
the extent of two thousand, and in coming into
Opelousas?
'VIvjvuvt. Yes, and vice versa. It is a bad rulo
that does not work both wavs.
"Question. But the fact is that the colored people
did not come in.
"Aniic/r. No, sir: and I think that the principal
reason why they did not come there was that a man
named Himms, a Republican, a colored man, and a
very intelligent man indeed, immediately, when
those courieis went olf to say that the whites killed
Bentley and were about to drive the frcedman away,
was pai ticularly active in mounting his horse and m
going 10 theneighboring plantations and preventing
the colored people from coming into Opelousas.
"Question. Do you know ol any white people who
rode about on tho neighboring plantations to prevent
white men from coming in armed?
"/Insjro-. No, sir.
"Question. Do you not think it would havo been
