3466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
manufacturing beer. We propose to furnish
that, us far as may be by the protection of
barle}-, from our own farmers.
So far as malt is coucemed, which is but
barley in its changed form, that is a profitable
busiuesa, as it probably always has been, and
the maltster can well afford to help competition
between the home-grown and the producer in
the British provinces by paying a little some-
thing for his barley and a little something more
for his malt, the rule being to protect the man-
ufactured article a little beyond the raw ma-
terial from which the manufactured article is
produced.
Now, sir, these brewers have not had much
to complain of, yet they have and do still com-
plain. They have always advanced their own
product beyond any burden we have laid upon
it, always beyond any tax we have levied.
They have formed combinations for the pur-
pose of adding now a dollar and then another
dollar on every cask or part of a cask of beer.
I know it is usual in this country to pay great
deference to the lager-beer producer. I nave
the deference of the gentleman from Chicago
for the lager-beer producer. I have all that
deference; but I believe they can afford to bear
the burdens of the country as well as other citi-
zens. It does not make any difference to the
brewers, however, what burden we impose, for
they do not bear it, but it comes at last upon
the consumer. The competition among brew-
ers themselves has the effect to bring down
prices, just as competition does between the
producers of other articles. I have stated they
had nothing to complain of, because the ail
valorem duty on barley was only 20 per cent,
and the duty on malt only 20 per cent.; and
therefore the articles which they mostly con-
sumed have had less protection than other like
articles produced in the United States; that is,
the production of barley in the United States
has had less protection from the competition
of the foreign production brought into the Uni-
ted States than wheat and some other articles.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, «f New York. I move to
amend the amendment so as to bring the duty
down to 10 per cent. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
call the attention of the House, first, to the very
important fact that there has been a large
decrease within the past year in the consump-
tion of beer. This is to be accounted for by
the high price of malt liquor; yet with this
fact staring us in the face, the proposition of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is to raise the duty on barley, and to
increase the dirty on malt 10' per cent, addi-
tional. In other words, it is proposed to de-
stroy this one means of revenue from the
brewers, for the brewers of the country famish
one of the largest sources of revenue which the
Government has. It is a cut-throat process
throughout, with the vain idea of protecting the
farmer. In reply to that, let me say that in a
large portion of this country the barley which
is raised is not the barley which the brewers
desire. It is not until we reach the high north-
ern latitudes of northern Iowa and Minnesota
that that species of barley is produced which
the brewers desire to .have; and the conse-
quence is that Canadian barley always com*
mauds in the market 10 or 15 cents more per
bushel than the barley of Ohio, or the barley
of southern Indiana, or the barley of Penn-
sylvania. An increased duty, therefore, is a
high tax, first, npon all the brewers of the
country, and then upon all the consumers of
malt liquors, and lastly upon an immense
population of Germans in the United States,
with whom this is a most favorite drink.
Mr. Chairman, if this proposition increasing
the duty on barley 5 cents a bushel and the
duty on maltlOper cent, advalorem is adopted,
and if this bill becomes a law, there will be
one universal outcry from every German in
New York, Philadelphia, Buffalo, Cincinnati,
Toledo, Chicago, Omftba, Richmond, Virginia,
and elsewhere—one universal outcry from
every German as he, with his /row and frau•
Irities, sits at table and demands his swei lager,
drei lager, veir lager for himself and his wife
and children. [Laughter.]
I hope the majority of this House will have
some respect for the large German population
of the country to whom beer is both victuals
and drink.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. I always listen with pleasure
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means when discussing any question. He
always interests me, even when 1 disagree with
his logic and his vietos. The gentleman [Mr.
Schenck] has done me the honor to say that
I knew something of this article of beer; and
when I admit that, he must allow me to say
that as a beverage, as a promoter of temperate
habits, it is infinitely preferable to Dayton or
any other whisky. I venture to say that there is
no one branch of business in this country that
has advanced more rapidly within the last few
years than this branch of business. Through-
out the United States there is an immense cap-
ital invested in the business, and the business
is legitimately and honestly carried on. The
argument presented by the gentleman for these
various tariff duties is that he would protect
thehome manufacturer and the home producer.
He would not make a Chinese empire of this
country and shut us out from all intercourse
with the balance of the world, but only bo far
restrict that intercourse as justice to home
industries requires. He says that under the
tariff as it now stands the home production has
grown to be about equal to the consumption.
If that is so it shows clearly that the present
rate of -duty is high enough, and that there is
no necessity for this increase. His statement
was that it had advanced so rapidly that it
would soon become equal to the home con-
sumption. That fact shows clearly and incon-
trovertibly that the present tariff is high enough
and that there is no occasion for adding 50 per
cent, to the duty.
The gentleman says further that the brewers
are very shrewd men, and that any tax levied
upon them they add to the cost of the article,
selling it for a dollar or so more a keg. Let
me reply to him that in compelling them to do
that you reach the pockets of the consumers;
and hence in this attempt to increase the tariff
upon this article he is taxing both the manu-
facturers and the consumers. You propose by
this increase of duty on malt to add just so
j much to the immense taxation to which this
| kind of business is subjected. I voted, Mr.
Chairman, against the increase of the duty on
barley because the gentleman alleged that the
present tariff gave it such adequate protection
that the home producer was now substantially
supplying the demand. Now, if it is true, as
stated by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that the present rate of tariff
is such that it is bringing this product forward
in such a manner that it will soon supply all the
demand, there is no excuse for this additional
tax, and I tell gentlemen that they are striking
pt a very important business interest, and which,
if oppressed, will make itself felt in this land,
and so connected with the customs, habits, and
taste of a large portion of the citizens of this
country that it must he fairly and not oppress-
ively dealt with.
Mr. KELLBY. I move to ame'ndthe amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I desire to
say that I am taking no part in the discussion
of these agricultural questions, though I have
voted for each amendment that proposed to
increase duties.
Mr. N1BLA.CE. I thought the gentleman
claimed to be the especial representative of
the western agricultural interest.
Mr. KELLEY. I was going on to show that
I am, and I was going oirto remark that we
are not legislating for this year or for the next,
but we are legislating with reference to the
general policy of the country; with reference,
not to the interests of  few people who are
within certain geographical limits or those lim-
its themselves, bnt to the future of our country.
And I have voted for each increase of duty
upon agriaultural products because I believe
the Canadian, or other provincial exporter,
pays the duty and will feel it. I believe that
by enabling our own farmers to diversify their
industry, and to raise barley, by securing them
a market for it, we shall benefit them. And I
believe that, by our pursuing this course, the
people of the British provinces, comparing
their want of prosperity with our abundant
prosperity, will continue to emigrate to this
conntry as they have been doing, and will
finally find out that their only prosperity in the
future is under the stars and stripes and the
Constitution of our country. It is on this
ground that I maintain the duty on coal, and
on this ground that I shall vote for this duty
on barley.
Nearly one hundred thousand British sub-
jects have come from the provinces to us this
year. And if we make these high duties on
all their articles of production, one hundred
thousand more will come every year, and the
lean masses left behind, unable to maintain
their Government, and observing the beneficial
effects of a protective system, in contrast with
the Government influences which are impover-
ishing them, they will, as I have said, add their
territory to ours, and give us free trade through
their entire region. And then the American
citizen will have, without duty, Canadian bar-
ley for his beer, and the New England States
will have their own coal supplies lying upon
their borders in Nova Scotia. And the great
maritime and commercial enemy of our coun-
try, England, will not have a frontier extend-
ing from the eastern promontories upon the
Atlantic to Puget sound and the Pacific ocean
from which to harass us in war or in times of
intestine trouble. It is not, therefore, on the
mere question of protection, but with reference
to broad and statesmanlike views in regard to
the future limits of our country, its future
peace and general prosperity, that I shall vote
for every increase of duty which will make the
British subject north of the dividing line pay
into our Treasury a price for enjoying the
benefit of our markets.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that nil debate
now cease on the pending paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was on the amendment of Mr.
Brooks, of New York, to strike out "80" and
insert "20."
Mr. RANDALL. The amendment will make
the duty the same as under the present law—
will it not?
Mr. JUDD. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from New York that my motion to strike
out the paragraph will leave the duty as it is.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my amendment.
The question was put on Mr. Judd's motion
to strike .out the paragraph; and there were,
on a division—ayes 60, noes 46; no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Brooks, of New
York, and Mr. Negley.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes 71.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I now move to amend the
paragraph by striking out "30" and inserting
"20."
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 55, noes 62.
Mr. JUDD demanded tellers.
Tellers were orderedand Mr. Jcdd and Mr.
Maynabd were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 69.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend by
striking out " 30" and inserting "25."
