i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; it is full and
complete. lu this very document that the
Senator has before him he will see tables of
the number of votes given, the list of members
elected, from what counties, and all about it.
Mr. THAYER. As to the manner in which
that election was conducted, as to whether
there were frauds committed or not, as to
whether any portion of the people of Virginia
were deprived of the right to vote or not? I
have not found that yet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will read
what is in the papers 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to
a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont will state his point of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order, and I feel at liberty to do it inasmuch as
it is against my chairman. My point of order
is that the rule expressly prohibits any debate
■upon the merits of questions that are proposed
to be considered; and certainly debate as to
what the state of things in Virginia is or is
likely to be is distinctly upon the merits, and
I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order. As the Chair has
stated previously to the Senate, the amendment
to the eleventh rule was made in March, 1868,
for the express purpose, as the Chair under-
stands from Senators, he not having then been
connected with this body, of preventing a de-
sultory debate growing up as to which of rival
propositions should be taken up; and the Chair
has desired to enforce the rule. He has yielded,
however, to Senators who had been long con-
nected with the body, who suggested that some
brief latitude of debate might be allowed. But
the Senate has seen that not only one bill, but
two bills, have been incidentally discussed un-
der this motion. The Chair sustains the point
of order ; and the Chair, if the Senate desires
him to do so, will enforce the rule, as he has
stated his opinion of it previously to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make a request
of the Senate, which is that I be allowed to
make a report from a committee and to make
a single remark in explanation of the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending this
motion the Senator from New York asks
unanimous consent to be allowed to make a
report from a committee, and make a remark
explanatory of it. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
NINTH CENSUS.
Mr. CONKLING. The Committee on the
Revision of the Laws, to which committee was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 424) to provide
fortakingthe ninth census of the United States,
have instructed me to report it back ; and the
remark which I beg to make is suggested by
the fact that this report returns so soon after
the bill was committed to the committee. The
explanation of this somewhat hasty action ap-
parently is found in this : the act of 1850 con-
tains this very brief section :
" If no other law bo passed providing for the taking
of tho eighth or any subsequent census of the United
States on or before the 1st day of January of any
year when, by the Constitution of the United States,
any future enumeration of the inhabitants thereof is
required to be taken, such census shall in all thing3
be taken and completed according to the provisions
Of this act."
Thus, during the recess which has been |
ordered, namely, on the 1st of January, the 1
provision which I "have read will obtain and j
operate ; and the committee felt bound to dis- |
charge itself from any responsibility which !
might stand in the way of the action of the ;
Senate seasonably. Therefore, I have been '
instructed to report back the House bill with- i
out amendment, and to report it favorably. I
ought to say that the committee—myself among
the members of it—has examined the bill with
3uch care as the time would enable us to be-
stow. I have gone through it myself carefully
and have gone through other things connected
with it. I am not prepared to say that it is
just such a bill as would have been originated
in this body.
There are two questions which stand in
front of it; first, whether it is to be divorced,
as the House of Representatives has divorced
it, from provisions in reference to the appor-
tionment ; and second, whether in taking the
next census we are to discard the marshals as
an instrumentality and create officers on pur-
pose to perform the duty. Those are general
questions. The other questions concerning it
are matters of detail, relative to schedules and
to other things which fall within the purview
of the act.
Now, Mr. President, in conclusion, if in truth
it be too late for the Senate before the recess
to act upon the bill, if in truth the judgment
of the Senate is such that it ought not to be
accepted in substance as it stands, then the
Senate will feel the fact that something else
will be necessary in order to prevent the oper-
ation of the act to which I have drawn atten-
tion ; and should it be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate that that direction be taken, a joint resolu-
tion suspending the operation of ihat actperhaps
might be proposed by the Senate and by the
other House ; and then after the recess, should
it be the further pleasure of the Senate that
the committee should bestow further examina-
tion and care upon the bill, of course the com-
mittee will be ready to perform any duty which
may then devolve upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. The hill reported by the Senator
from New York will be placed on the Calendar.
It will require unanimous consent to debate
this proposition, another proposition being
pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senatorfrom
New York takes his seat I desire to ask him
whether in the statute of 1850 there are any
provisions of that law practically toward tak-
ing the census that would go into operation
other than the one he has read ?
Mr. CONKLING. I think there are ; and
I beg to make a general suggestion to the Sen-
ator. it is said by those who seem to be skilled
practically in the subject that were this bill a
law now, the 1st of June being the time as of
which the census is to be taken, there would
be too little time with the utmost diligence to
make the preliminary arrangements. They say
that, for example, the preparation of blanks,
the printing of tabular statements and forms,
the transmission and all that, would require
all the time that will intervene between this
moment and the 1st of June, so that it is said
that various sections of the bill relating to the
preliminaries to be observed would operate
practically as early as the 1st of January, and
indeed they ought to operate sooner were they
permitted to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that be so it furnishes,
I think, some reason why we should act, but
tho provision of the statute which the Senator
from New York has read I do not think fur-
nishes any reason in the world why we should
act. The declaration that the census shall-be
taken under that act unless Congress determine
otherwise before the 1st of January is like such
a provision in any other statute, and can be
repealed or extended to the 1st of February or
any other time. That does not stand in the
way at all. There is no force, as it strikes me,
in that provision of the statute; but if there are
provisions in the act of 1850 of detail which
would go into operation and embarrass our '
action afterward—other than that clause which •
he read, that the census must be taken under
that act unless Congress directs otherwise I
before the 1st of January—then there may be -
some reason why we should act.
Mr. CONKLING. I am inclined to think ,
that is the practical state of the case. 1
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President  !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator I
from Massachusetts desires unanimous consent
to speak on this question. The Chair hears no
objection. . A, ,
Mr. WILSON. I wish to express the hope
that this bill will be recommitted to the com-
mittee and that they will take abundant time
to examine it carefully, and if necessary to do
it report a resolution suspending the existing
law, which we can at once put on its passage
it so that no action shall be taken under the old
: law. I do not think this bill, as imperfect as
we believe it to be, ought to be hurried through
the Senate. We ought to be. careful what we
are about. There is an immense quantity of
officers to be appointed under this bill; it in-
volves great patronage, and if we can avoid
any of it we ought to do so. I hope the bill
will be recommitted; and I make that motion
with a view that if it be recommitted to this
committee they will feel that we expect of them
to carefully examine it and report it after the
recess.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to my friend
that his motion of course will imply) if not an
instruction by the Senate, the sense of the Sen-
ate that we are to give the bill that examination
which can be given only after the recess; and
the committee, thus instructed by the Senate,
of course would not feel, as it feels now, that it
is taking the responsibility alone of impeding
action lor which there seems to be a pnblic
demand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont desires unanimous consent to
speak on this proposition. Th e Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I looked
at this act of 1850 last evening somewhat care-
fully, and I did not see anything in it which
requires immediate action on the part of the
Secretary of the Interior, to whom the act of
1850 commits the general charge of this cen-
sus matter. The act of 1850 provides for con-
cluding the census—the reports by sub-mar-
shals and all that sort of people—by the 1st of
November. Undoubtedly as a matter of con-
venience the Secretary of the Interior would
use reasonable diligence in commencing his
duties, if he understood that he was to act
under the act of 1850; but I feel very sure that
the Secretary of the Interior would not, with
this bill pending before us, take any hasty
steps to incur expense until he should be sat-
isfied that it was the intention of Congress not
to take any further action upon the subject.
So that I do not think, from the examination
I made of the act of 1850, that it is necessary
even to suspend it; but if any gentleman thinks
it is, of course there is no objection to that.
I entirely agree with what the Senator from
Massachusetts has so well said, that this is a
subject too important in the present condition
of the country for us either to refuse to do
anything, leaving the act of 1850 to stand or
to pass this House bill without the most care-
ful examination by the committee, and upon
their report without the most careful consid-
eration by the Senate. I hope, therefore, that
by general consent this bill may be recom-
mitted with the expectation that the commit-
tee will, as early as they can, give us the ben-
ent ot their opinion upon it.
11 i, ^r' S'^NER. Mr. President, if I may
ii bave th®sa™e indulgence as others for one
moment I will say that so far as I understand
:j the existing legislation it becomes important
! ?ne °f tw0 00urses : first
! pass the bill which has come from the House;
, or, that failing, to provide for the suspension
: efLStlig laoW on the object to the time
I p oposed by the Senator from xN'ew York, the
'I wL°t, J,e?r"aiT. or some later day, within
"ich period the proper legislation may be
I f "SUMmated. Unless I have been misin-
, tormect the Senate must now do something
either on the bill itself or by way of a post-
?!tte existin2 law of Congress,
j-oat is all I have to say.
