1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4411
from Ohio and the Senator from Indiana are
thoroughly well informed on that question. I
know very well that the States have paid such
claims, and the impression was on my mind
that the General Government had paid some
portion of those claims. I do know that the
line has not been very distinctly drawn between
the property taken by our forces and that taken
by General Morgan's forces. My experience
some years ago in the Ohio Legislature gave me
knowledge of that fact.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Nevada
who sits furthest from me [Mr. Nxe] alscf
made insinuations that this was an entering-
wedge for other claims, and that the glut was
to be driven afterward, meaning the payment,
I presume, of rebel claims. 1 do not think
that the Senator would wish deliberately to
insinuate that the friends of this bill have any
glut to follow it. I certainly have none. I
want simply this, that the Union men of the
South shall be put upon the some footing as to
claims against the Government that Union
men everywhere else are put. That is the
wedge and the glut both; and it is the only
proposition.
Recognize the principle, and then you may
devise the means as carefully as possible for the
ascertainment of the fact of loyalty; but say to
these friends ofthe Government, say to your sol-
diers there, say to the widows of your soldiers,
say to the orphans of your soldiers, whose smoke-
houses and whose corn-cribs were entered by
your armies and emptied, that you recognize
your obligation to pay them ; say to the poor
colored man ofthe South who has alwaysbeen
loyal, about whom there is no taint or sus-
picion of disloyalty—say to him whose cabin
was entered and the last shoulder of bacon
taken, that you mean to pay him as soon as
you can find out the fact you owe him; but do
not tell him, and do not ask us to go back to
our people and tell these soldiers and these
orphans of soldiers whose husbands and whose
fathers were in the Army of the Union, fight-
ing to save the country, while other soldiers of
the Army were despoiling them of their goods,
"You are public enemies, and we recognize no
obligation "to pay you; you have no standing
in our courts." Do not ask ns to go back to
our people and stand upon that proposition!
Nor do I think there need be any danger in
the northern States. I think I know the people
of the North well enough to know that they
are generous enough, they are just enough,
they are warm enough in their sympathies for
these loyal men in the South to say that they
are willing that they should be put upon the
same footing as themselves, and that their just
claims shall be paid by a just Government.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, at this late
hour of the night I am not disposed to protract
this discussion. I think I liaye heretofore said
as much on the subject as it is becoming in me
to say, so far as the principles on which this
bill claims to rest are concerned.
The honorable Senator who has just taken
his seat has echoed loudly and frequently a
remark which I made in & previous discussion
of this bill, to the effect that as a general
proposition the people of the southern rebel-
lious States had no standing in court. N ow,
sir, what I meant may be very easily conceived
by the honorable Senator, and certainly was not
misunderstood by the other Senators in the
body. It was just this: it was the principle
which William Pitt laid down when he was
appealed to to compensate and indemnity the
loyalists of the American Revolution who atter
the close of that struggle applied to the 1 ar-
liament of Great Britain for indemnity on
account of losses which they had sustained m
the prosecution of the war. Helaid down the
principle ia that memorable discussion that
the claims of the loyalists were not based upon
right. Why? Because they were inhabitants
of a country which was at war with England ;
they were in contemplation of public law tech-
nically enemies of Great Britain, as were all the
people of the colonies then at war with Great
Britain.
Mr. HOWE. Wfll the Senator allow me to
ask a question?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Did William Pitt assign any
such reasons for his opposition to the payment
of the claims of the loyalists? Did he ever
make use of the allegation that the American
loyalists were enemies of Great Britain?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that he
used that precise expression, but it is impos-
sible not to see that the conclusion to which
Mr. Pitt arrived in that discussion rested upon
the principle itself that they were inhabitants
of an enemy's country at war with England.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
put one more question?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Was not William Pitt speak-
ing of losses which the loyalists sustained by
the conduct of the rebels, and not speaking of
property taken by the British Government of
its own friends?
Mr. HOWARD. He was speaking generally
upon the claims of the loyalists which were
made to the Parliament of England. They
were ultimately classified into various classes
and a small portion of them paid. There were
a great number of classes of claims; I cannot
now undertake to detail and describe all the
classes of claims.
Mr. HOWE. But cannot the Senator say
what the fact was, that there was no class of
claims which included property destroyed by
the American rebels? No class of the claims
covered property destroyed by the American
rebels.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that that
was the fact, nor do I believe that it was.
Mr. HOWE. It was.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the Senator, if he
asserts it, will find himself mistaken if he looks
at the record. That is not according to my
reading of the whole case.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator from
Michigan will allow me, I will state my recol-
lection.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Kentucky will have an opportunity. I
do not propose to occupy the time but for a
moment.
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish to state to the Sen-
ator that my recollection is that William Pitt
both advocated and voted for the payment of
the claims of those loyalists, and that they
amounted to £50,000,000.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no.
Mr. ABBOTT. That is my recollection of
the history of the thing, and 1 shall be glad to
refresh the memory of the Senator by and by
if this subject continues.
Mr. HO WARD. He certainly did advocate
the payment of a certain portion of the loyalist
claims finally ; but lie put it on the ground not
of strict right, but as an act of generosity on
the part of Parliament toward that class of
Americans who had remained true and loyal to
the Crown during the revolutionary war.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that I have read with great care
that whole debate, and my lecollectiou is that
it was put through the whole debate by Mr.
Pitt, Lord North, and others, on the ground
of equity and right.
Mr. HOWARD. So far as Pitt is con-
cerned the honorable Senator is entirely mis-
taken. I do not remember upon what ground
Lord North put it, but I know very well that
Pitt did not put it upon the ground of right,
but expressly said that it did not rest upon
strict right. Upon that I cannot be mistaken.
I have not the volume before me, nor is it
necessary that I should refer to it.
Mr. SCOTT. With the permission of the
Senator from Michigan, I should like to ask
him a question. Did Mr. Pitt during that
entire debate over assert that until the making
of the treaty of peace the American loyalists
ceased to be British subjects?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that he did.
That was not necessary. But does the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania intend to have
it inferred from his question put to me that a
state of war in all its phases, with all its inci-
dents, its obligations, and rights on both sides
did not exist between Great Britain and the
Colonies? Was it not war?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly, it was war; and I
suppose that if the war had terminated other-
wise than as it did the American loyalists
would have fared better at the hands of the
British Parliament. Their rights as British
subjects would have been recognized.
Mr. HOWARD. That is very likely. But,
Mr. President, I have often said in the course
of this long-protracted discussion that there
were certain classes of loyalists at the South
during the late rebellion to whom I felt dis-
posed to make compensation for their losses.
And now I beg to propose an amendment to
this bill. It now reads, in the first section :
That no such claim shall be allowed except for
property properly designated as quartermaster's
stores, of which the United States has had the uso,
nor unless due proof shall bo presented.
There I propose to insert these words:
Establishing one of the following averments in
favor of tho claim, to wit: first, that the claimant
served in tho Army of tho United States during some
part of tho war of the late rebellion, either as a vol-
unteer or a drafted man, and never served in the
army of the insurgents, andnevor intentionally gavo
aid and comfort to the rebellion ; second, that tho
claimant during tho said war had actually rendered
valuable sorviceorgiven useful and valuableinform-
ation in aid of tho Army of thoUnited States in sup-
pressing,said rebellion and for tho purpose of sup-
pressing the same,and had neversorved in thearmy
of the insurgents, and never voluntarily gavo aid or
comfort to them.
And then I shall move to make the second
section correspond with the first by inserting
words after the word "presented," in line six-
teen of the second section, so as to make it
read, "unless due proof shall be presented of
one of the foregoing averments."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate at this time is on the
amendment moved by the Senator from Ore-
gon. The amendment of the Senator from
Michigan will be in order afterward.
Mr. HOWARD. I will send this amend-
ment to the Chair, and the Clerk will please
note where it is to come in. This narrows the
question down to such persons in the rebel
States as actually served in the Union Army
during some portion of the war and never
served in the rebel army, and never intention-
ally gave aid or comfort to the rebellion. That
is the first class.
The second class is those who did serve in
the Union armies some part of the war, or
who did render valuable service or gave valu-
able information in aid of the Union Army
during the war and for the purpose of suppress-
ing the rebellion. This last averment will in-
clude almost the whole of the loyal people of
'East Tennessee and a very large proportion of
loyalists throughout the rebel States; and I
think that if we extend our compensation to
these classes, and limit it to these classes, we
are going quite far enough.
The amendment does not contemplate pay-
ment to a man who has remained neutral in
the insurgent States, but extends the compen-
sation to those loyalists there who were not
neutral, but who were active or did something
to promote the cause of the nation, who did
something to aid the operations of our armies
there, by serving in the Army or rendering
some service which directly promoted the cause
of the nation in putting down the rebellion.
Now, sir, complaint is made that we speak
of the people ofthe southern States as enemies.
Sir, when I use that term I beg to say that I
use it in its technical, legal sense, without in-
tending to impute to all persons resident in the
southern States during the war the offense of
