1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5855
Agricultural Department, $1,110, or so much thereof
as is ncccssary: ProvideThat their annual com-
pensation is not increased thereby beyond theamount
fixed by law.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the paragraph just- read the following :
For services performed in the Patent Office under
direction of the Commissioner of Patents, from Au-
gust 1,1865, to April 1,1869, by clerks and assistant
examiners, acting as assistant examiners and exam-
iners, at the rates fixed by law ior the respective
grades in winch such services were performed, the
sum of $10,754 41: Provider!, That the compensation
thus paid shall not exceed that received by those
duly enrolled as examiners and assistant examiners
duiing the same period.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay William Fisher, of SanJose, California.tor
supplies furnished seamen and marines of the Uni-
ted States Navy who were employed with the Army
during the Mexican war in conquering California,
$3,075.
. Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order
that that paragraph is not germane to this bill,
as it is not in accordance with existing law.
Mr. BECK. This matter has been passed
on by the proper Department $f the Govern-
ment. but the money was not paltl because Mr.
Field, the Assistant Attorney General, failed
to give his approval to it. It was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and that com-
mittee, after giving the facts a thorough exam-
ination, reported this appropriation for the
payment of the claim. I believe it to be per-
fectly legitimate.
The SPEAKER. It does not appear any-
where that this is in accordance with existing
law, and the Chair therefore sustains the point
of order.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, this fact does
appear in the record, that former appropriations
were made by Congress to pay this class of
claims.
The SPEAKER. There does not appear to
be any existing law for the payment of this
claim, and that, of course, leaves him to pre-
sent his claim as any other private claimant.
It is clearly not in order to a general appropri-
ation bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
To compensate the widow of the late W. J. Hubard
for the statue of Washington executed by him, said
sum to be in full of alldemands for said statue, $2,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make the same point
of order on that clause—that it is not germane
to a general appropriation bill, as it is not in
fulfillment of existing law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. D AWES. Will the gentleman hear the
history of the case?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do notcare to hearthe
history of the case. I know that this is not
(lie place for such an appropriation, aud there-
fore I have made the point of order and the
Chair has sustained it.
Mr. DAWES. The bill having been gone
through with, I shall demand the previous
question on ordering it to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for the purpose
of moving to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BECK. I move to suspend the rules
in order to insert and adopt the following
amendment to the pending bill:
To pay William Fisher, of San Jose, California, for
supplies funiished seamen and marines ox the u in ted
States Navy who were e.niployed with the Anny
during the Mexican war in conquering California,
$3,075.
The House divided; and (here were ayes
40. noes 39; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Beck and Mr.
Benjamix.
The House again divided ; aud the tellers
reported—ayes eighty-three, noes noteoun(ed.
So (Two thirds of a quorum having voted in
the alliimative) the rules were suspended, and
the amendment was adopted.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of adopting an
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know what it is or
what is its effect.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. It is a matter
which has been agreed to unanimously by the
Committee on Indian Affairs. It is approved
by the Secretary of the Interior and by every-
body who has examined the subject. As the
gentleman well knows, the Committee on
Indian Affairs have not been called this ses-
sion and they will not be called this session.
It is a matter of public interest and does not
involve the appropriation of any money. I
appeal, therefore, to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to let me have an opportunity to
present it to the House. It is a matter of
justice and ought to be acted on.
Mr. DICKEY. Why was it not put in the
Indian appropriation bill?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Because it has
come in since the Indian appropriation bill
was passed.
Mr. DAWES. I hope it will not be put in
the bill; but I will allow the gentleman to
move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CLAliKB, of Kansas. I move to sus-
pend the rules, for the purpose of adding the
following to the present bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For the removal, with their consent, under the
direction of the President, of the Kansas tribe of In-
dians, and for their resettlement on lands belonging
to tho United St'-ites, in the Indian territory south
of Kansas, i>50,000; to be reimbursed to the United
States from the proceeds of sale of the lands of said
Indians in Kansas; which lands shall be immediately
opened to settlement, and shall be sold to aetualset-
tlers only, said settlers being heads of families and
over twenty-one years ot age, in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres to each settlor.
Said lands to be appraised by throe disinterested
appraisers, to bo appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, aud sold as aforesaid to actual settlers ouly
at the appraised vatuo, undor such regulations as
the Secretary of tho Interior may prescribe ; and all
moneys received from tiie sale of said lands in Kansas,
with the exception of the expense of remova.1 and
resettlement, shall be held by theUnited States for
the benefit of said Indians: Provided, That the six-
teenth and tmrty-sixth sections of said lands shall
be reserved to the State of Kansas for school pur-
poses: And wrovided alno. That if any of said lands
are not occupicd by actual settlers at the expiration
of one year lioin the approval of this act, it shall be
the duty of tho Secretary of the Interior to offer the
same forsale to the highestbidder foreash.in quan-
tities not, to exceed one scction to any one person,
and at not less than the appraised value.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think that the
amendment ought to be adopted, but I will
yield to the gentleman to move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The amendment of the
gentleman from Kansas proposes that these
lauds shall be "immediately" opened to set-
tlement. I would suggest to him that that set-
dement ought not to take place until after the
Indians shall have been removed. It would be
better to leave out the word "immediately.''
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. 1 am willing to
accept thogentleman's suggestion. But I may
remaik that the lands are to be disposed of
under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Interior may, in his discretion, prescribe.
Mr. CONGER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to give the sixteenth and the thirty-sixth
sections of these lands to the State of Kansas
without any compensation?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will not insist
on that if objection is made. But in every case
of this kind lauds have been reserved for school
purposes. I do not think the gentleman will
persist in objecting to this.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules and agree to the amendment;
and there were on a division—ayes twenty,
noes not counted.
11 So the rules were not suspended, aud the
amendment was not agreed to.
'! Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
|| hU',|>emie<i, Mid that tlu- hist paragraph in the
|: bill be agreed io, as follows :
it To com ocl)-'ate Hi" w idow oi (he !ai ' W ,T. Iluba.i <1
li for the muue ot Washington ex emed by him. said
ke *n ^u11 °f demands for said statue,
#2,000.
The rules were suspended, and the paragraph
was agreed to. ,
Mr. DAWES. I now move the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading
of the bill as amended.
The previous question was secouded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read- the
third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I have here a short bill to
provide for paying the expenses connected with
the recent visit of Indian chiefs.
Mr. BINGHAM. The remainder of the day
is devoted to receiving reports from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I cannot yield
any of my time.
message from the senate. •
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution of the following
title, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 109) amendatory
of the joint resolution for the relief of certain
officers of the Army, approved July 20, 1866.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, House
bills of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 1897) for the relief of
Lot T. Bayless, administrator of Lieutenant
Marcus W. Bayless, deceased ; and
An act (H. li. No. 2180) t.o establish a port
of delivery at St. Joseph, Missouri.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 169)
amendatory of the joint resolution for the relief
of certain officers of the Army, approved July
26, 1866.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed joint resolutions and a bill of
the following titles, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 195)authorizing
the Midland Pacific Railway Company to build
a bridge at or near Nebraska City, to connect
its road with other railroads;
Joint resolution (8. R. No. 233) authorizing
the Secretary of War to donate certain build-
ings to theSt. Aloysius Relief Society of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 226) for the relief
of Richard P. Hammond; and
An act (S. No. 477) to amend an act entitled
"An act for a grant of lands to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad in said State," approved
May 12, 1864, and to grant lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from O'Brien county,
Iowa, to the Missouri river.
message fr05i the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Private
Secretary, informed the House that the Pres-
ident had approved and signed bills of the
following titles:
An act (H. U. No. 2000) to declare the con-
struction of section fifty-five of an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof." appioved June 3, 1864, aud the acts
amendatorv thereof, and to amend the same;
An act. (II. R. No. 2276) to provide for the
paving of Pennsylvania avenue :
