3468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
only as foreign productions, but as foreign
productions coming little, if at all, into com-
petition with uuything produced in this coun-
try. As the gentleman from Alabama has
explained, so tar as oranges are concerned, it
may be there is a fruit raised in this country
entitled to be considered in whatever duty we
impose on products coming from abroad.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Take orauges out of this
paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. Treating these as fruits
which do not come into competition with any
thing at home, the committee thought it better
to put a low rate of duty, to produce from them
whatever revenue we can, and at thesametime
put them within the reach of the people of this
country as products from abroad, which are
not the products of our own farms or soils in
any way. 1 trust, as the gentleman's only ob-
jection is in reference to the article ot oranges,
he will confiue whatever amendment he offers,
with a view to the protection of the orange
interest in Florida, to oranges, and let the rest
stand at this reduction of the duty to 10 per
cent, ail round ou the fruits we do notproduce
in this country.
Mr. F1NKELNBU11G. I ask whether the
gentlemau does not recognize all these articles
as luxuries, and whether, as such, it would not
be proper they should be subjected to a rev-
enue tariff of '25 per cent. ? Ought we not to
reduce the taxes on the necessaries of life and
increase them on the luxuries ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not regard them par-
ticularly as luxuries. I think ihe use of these
articles is common and general throughout the
country wherever they are within the reach or
means of our population.
Mr. MAYNAliD. Allow me to suggest to
the chairman of th« Committee of Ways and
Means that pineapples are largely produced
in Florida; aad it is a production which is
largely increasing, the production this year
being much greater than last year, and last
year's production was greater than that of the
year before.
Mr. SCHENCK. I make this explanation,
■feeling indifferent about the whoie matter:
we propose to put a half dozen different com-
modities now imported at a half dozen different
rates of duty all at one small duty, so as far as
possible to place them within the reach of our
people, as they do not compete with anything
raised bere. The objection of the gentleman
from Alabama is that this does interfere with
the production of oranges and the new orange-
growing interestof Florida, and therefore it was
that I suggested he should confine himself to
that. As regards the pineapples, I did not know
that they were grown to such an extent; but
if 1 might be allowed to express an opinion, I
would say that 1 do not think there is a good
pineapple to be had unless brought from near
the equator, from Guayaquil or other such
localities.
Air. COX. I move to strike out the par-
agraph. The Committee of Ways and Means
can certainly thank me, if th«>y do not assist
me in this motion, as striking out the section
leaves the tariff as it is upon these articles of
luxury, oranges, lemons, limes bananas, &c.
The present bill reduces the tariff on all these
fruits exeept on mangoes. The reduction is
10 per cent, ad valorem on lemons, limes,
bananas, and grapes, and 15 on oranges, plan-
tains, lemons, &c. Having an aesthetic sense
of the congruities, 1 desire to keep the tax
high on grapes, oranges, and lemons. My rea-
sons are that grapes, oranges, lemons, bananas,
&c., are a production of this country, and
may be said to be in their infancy, and being
an infant manufacture, the infants naturally
banker after them. The census of the United
States develops the fact that there are under
twelve years of age a certain number of chil-
dren of both sexes. These children 1 desire
should grow up to bebealthy and loyal, friends
of the flag and of American industry, but if the
oranges of Algiers and Sicily, and the grapes
of Malaga, or the bananas of St. Thomas and
San Domingo are allowed to come in at the
cheap rate of 10 per cent, ad valorem, our chil-
dren are placed under greater temptations to
contract those diseases which are incident to
the inordinate consumption of fruit. Why,
therefore, should pig iron and peanuts. Besse-
mer steel and brandy, corsets, &c., pay rates
somewhere about 100 per, cent, when only 10
per cent, is given to protect these toothsome
fruits ?
But it may be said by some of these imprac-
ticable free-traders that there is no home pro-
duction. I tell them, as my friend from Omo
[Mr. Schenck] has said, that in Florida, Lou-
isiana, and California, the orange blooms in
the mid-winter air; and if a proper protection
of, say, five hundred and sixtv-odd per cent,
were given to lemons, that tenderest of all
fruit, it would be thoroughly protected against
the frosts of winter, and gentlemen might have
the privilege of flavoring their whisky with letn-
onsgrown within our own beloved borders.
Mr. Chairman, I represent two interests in
my own district which seem to be diverse, but
which will unite upon this question. The
Fifth avenue and the Bowery are happily uni-
ted in my person. The one raises oranges,
grapes, and lemons under glass, while as an
article of consumption there is no locality in
the Union where more peanuts are consumed
than in the dramatic precincts of the Bowery.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to make one remark here?
Mr. COX. On this immense question I
cannot be interrupted. [Laughter. J
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order. Is it in order to discuss peanuts on
this paragraph ?
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will show him the connection between
peanuts and this paragraph. Sir, peanuts are
taxed specifically 1 cent per pound, unshelled,
to protect North Carolina. This is an imposi-
tion on my Bowery constituents. As they grind
this "fruit of the earth" there mingles with
the pleasant music of its cracking the gnash-
ing of indignant teeth. But, sir, they are will-
ing to submit to this extortion, provided their
ricn neighbors of Fifth avenue shall be pro-
tected in their efforts to diversify industry by
.raisingoraoges, lemons, and grapes under glass.
The peanut consumer knows that the million-
aire, to produce grapes and oranges in the hot-
house, must use Pennsylvania coal; that the
manafacture of the pipes and glass and pottery
will be greatly enhanced, and the peanut boy is
willing to sacrifice himself for home industry.
He knows that the foreign orange and grape is
made by natural, and consequently gratuitous
heat, while the New York orange or grape is
made by artificial, and therefore expensive
heat; but patriotism impels him to keep out
the half-priced orange of better quality from
Spain or Cuba that he may enjoy the luxury
of paying two prices for patriotism and pro-
tection.
Let us therefore keep up the tariff on oranges
as well as peanuts; but if the House refuses
to do this by voting down my motion I shall
indignantly move to place this article on the
free list.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to strike out the
word " oranges." This will have the effect of
leaving the duty on oranges at 25 per cent., as
at present. The State which I have the honor
to represent is the only one in the Union for
which the Creator ordained the beautiful bless-
ing of a tropical climate without the intoler-
able heat of an equatorial region, with a soil
bo fertile in its peculiar adaptability to the
growth and culture of almost every variety of
the tempting fruits and exotics of the distant
tropics that they have sprung spontaneously
from her gentle bosom, and covered her for
centuries with perennial loveliness, without the
aid of the hand of man and almost without the
eye of man to behold. Florida is an elder
sister State in the family of the Union; the
first and the oldest settled country on the con-
tinent of North America, and yet, to day her
cultivated industries are as infantile, her terri-
tory is as new and undiscovered, and her im-
mense susceptibility of advancement, i nliuence
and resources are as unfamiliar to the people
of the country as are those of New Mexico or
Nevada.
The Almighty is not responsible that this
great nation is dependent upon foreign lands
and other climes for the healthful and delicious
luxuries of tropical fruits and plants, rare birds
and flowers, and a healing, genial climate, to
gladden the eye and lip and soul of man. He
has placed them all within our borders, has
given them all for our possession if we will but
reach out the hand of acceptance and convert
them into luxurious commodities. They are
there in that the most "southern State of tho
Union in all their primitive beauty, temptation,
and perfection, awaiting the practical appre-
ciation, utilization, and possession of our citi-
zens.
"Theorange, lemon, and tho Iimo
Amid their verdant utnbrago countless glow,
With fragrant fruits of vegetable gold."
Mr. Chairman, you must not be surprised
that this wonderful land has so long lain idle
and neglected under the uncertain fog of tra-
dition, or has not asserted her place in the
family of the nation. Gentlemen must not
wonder that this land of flowers, this ever
green land, where the wild flowers never cease
to unfold their petals, has not cast her cornu-
copian garlands at the feet of the nation, or
that Florida has not more widely extended
her Italian inducements to the afflicted of our
people. The damning barrier of slavery loomed
in the way, and ignorance, superstition, and
indolence hung their blighting folds around
her borders. But now, under the protection
the Government has given to that peculiar and
beautiful interest, the tropical and semi-trop-
ical products of Florida will hereafter be quoted
in the markets of the North and of the whole
country more favorably than those from the
Mediterranean, South America, or the West
Indies, which becdme unwholesome and unpal-
atable by distant transportation. I hope the
motion of tho gentleman from Ohio, to strike
out the paragraph, will prevail.
Mr. SCHENCK. The interest thatthe gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] takes in the
rising generation I can very well understand.
I do not know that he does much in that direc-
tion himself, but everybody knows that he is a
rising young man. [Laughter.] I am sorry,
however, that be did not retain that speech
upon peanuts, upon which subject I know he
was prepared, until a more fitting occasion.
[Laughter.] There is nothing about peanuts
in this bill. Having discovered that, I suppose
he found it necessary to explode upon oranges,
for the speech must be got off. [Laughter.]
But I marvel very much at the opposition that
I meet with from that quarter more than I do
at that which comes from Florida, for there I
understand there is an interest which it is sup-
posed is to some extent interfered with by a
reduction of the duty on some of these fruits.
The Committee of Ways and Means is exceed-
ingly unfortunate. If we attempt, to raise duties
there is such a howl as almost deafens us, to
say nothing of the consequences which some-
times follow in the votes given; if we try to
lower duties it seems that we are just as unfor-
tunate in this attempt to please anybody.
Now, the motive which operated ou our
minds in regard to these fruits was simply this:
here are a number of fruits, commonly used
throughout the country by almost all classes
of our people; for there is hardly any one so
poor that he does not have a little amount of
lemon in his drink. We supposed that inas-
much as they were not produced in this coun-
try, and that therefore when burdened with a
duty it was so much added to the price to the
consumer, which is the case with regard to
