268
i congressional glo&e.
december 21,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single
word-—-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the Senator from Vermont
proceeding.
Mr. MORRILL, of. Vermont. My impres-
sion is that the power to print blanks ought to
be suspended, and, therefore, that it would be
well to pass a joint resolution suspending the
operation of the act of 1850 for at least thirty
days.
Mr. CONKLING-. I can say to the Senator
that I iiave such a resolution prepared if it be
the pleasure of the Senate to recommit the
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire, how-
ever, to make another suggestion, and that is
that we ought to have this bill at the very
earliest day after we resume our sessions here,
and to act upon the suggestion made by the
Senator from New York, I should hope he
would be able to do something better; that is to
say, that the committee would bo able to take
up the bill and examine it during the recess
and report it on the first day of the session after
we next assemble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
if there bo no objection, upon the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. wil-
son,] to recommit this bill to the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws.
The motion was agreed to.
Xhe VICE PRESIDENT. The question
lecurs on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. siumxeu,] that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. CONKLING-. If I may still intrude a
moment, under the suggestion of Senators I
offer for tho consideration of the Senate, being
instructed by the Committee on tho Revision
of the Laws to do so, a joint resolution, and I
ask that it be considered now. 1 presuiffe it
will take but a moment.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 88) sus-
pending existing provisions of law for taking
the census. It is as follows:
.^hat all existing provisions of law
i elatinR to tho taking thoconsus required by tho Con-
li^l,'^0 i iut ibtat0!i bo> nd tho samo are
of F&alxA fx 1870.1,0"'t"011°d u l« «" ^ * >■
The joint resolution was road three times,
and passed.
hxkcutivk communications.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of tho Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to law, statements
showing tho number of desks, tho number of
clerks now employed in the War Department
and its bureaus, the number employed durin<*
the: fiscal year ending tiie 30th of June, 18g'j!
and the amount of compensation paid; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and bo printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a report of
tho Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
m compliance with a resolution of the Senate
ot the loth instant, information in relation to
orders in restoring the lands in California pre-
viously withdrawn for tho uses of the Southern
iraeihe railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
telegraphic ocuan caijlbs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. So**™,] that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
rmlm' "le telegraphic cable bill.
I he motion was agreed to; there beinn- oil
a division—ayes 21, noes 19: and the Sen°ate,
as m Committee of tho Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 115) relating
to telegraphic communication between the Uni-
ted States and foreign countries.
Mr. SILWARI. I move that the Senate !
now proceed to the consideration of executive I
| The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an
| amendment pending to this bill offered by the
I Senator from Massachusetts which the Seere-
I tary will state, after which the Chair will en-
| tertain the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
| The Secretary read the amendment, which
; was, in section one, line three, to strike out
the word " whenever" and to insert the word
"all," and after the word "communication,"
in the same line, to strike outthe words "shall
hereafter be established;" so that the clause
will read:
That all communication between theUnited States
and any foreign country by moans of telegraphic or
magnetic lines or cables laid in any part thereof, &c.
The VTCE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment is now pending, but the Senator from
Nevada moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and, after a
quarter of an hour spent in the consideration of
executive business, the doors were reopened.
telegraphic ocean cables.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
115) relating to telegraphic communication
between the United States and foreign coun-
Tlie VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. sumner. 1
Mr. THURMAN. What became of my
, motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
still pending.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I believe I shall not press
tliat motion. Upon fuller consideration I am
satisfied that Congress has some power of regu-
lation in regard to telegraphic communication
with foreign countries, more, I am inclined to
think, under tho war power than under the
powerto regulate commerce. There are some
provisions in the bill to which I am opposed,
but they can as well be discussed in open Sen-
ate as in committee, and I therefore withdraw
the motion to refer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio withdraws the motion to refer the
bill and pending amendment to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and the question recurs on
' the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
\ chusetts.
ji Mr. CONKLING. I wish, Mr. President,
|| that I could have the attention of the Senate
|| for a few moments, and especially the attention
! of the Senator from Massachusetts, with regard
1 to this amendment.
j! Mr. SUMNER. You can have mine.
; Mr. CONKLING. I am obliged to the Sen-
J ator for saying that. And first of all, I should
!i ,e to assure the Senator that I have no oppo-
sition to this bill. I am clear with him upon
the question of power, and with him I agree it
is appropriate and timely to exercise now the
power which this bill implies. I object, how-
ever, to the amendment of the Senator, and I
will endeavor in a very few words to tell the
Senate why.
The Senator announces the bill as if it were
a bill from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
So no doubt it is ; but the scope of his state-
ment is such as to impress tho Senate with the
idea that this amendment is also in some sense
the product of that committee. I think I can
show the Senate, and I think the Senator from
Massachusetts will not differ with me, that the
effect of the amendment is to take a bill which
the committee intended to look and act in one
direction and turn it around so that it looks
and acts in an opposite direction also.
The bill as it passed the Senate, and as it
was matured by the committee, provides that
all telegraphic companies, all proprietors of
ocean cables which should thereafter be laid,
' f,Ubjt°ut0 c^rtain regulations estab-
lished in the bill, lhat was deemed at the
time by the Senator and by the committee
adequate for the whole purpose. It is ade-
quate to the whole purpose now, says tho Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, excepting that one
event has happened. What i3 that? The
French company has laid the French cable,
touching the coast of Massachusetts, and it is
nccessary to provide for that. So I think-
and if we mean to provide for that I ask the
Senator why we should not say so ; and why;
for the purpose of saying so, we should adopt
a provision which, in my opinion, contains the
element of_ repudiation and bad faith toward
every existing corporation?
Now, let us see if this is not so. There is
now the New York, Newfoundland, and Lon-
don Telegraph Company. There are other
companies not only existing and recognized by
Congress but created by Congress. When I
say "created," I mean not technically, but I
mean, in the language of a letter I have from
the president of one of these corporations, that
Congress guarantied that upon which the funds
were raised which laid these cables and which
led to one of the most remarkable achieve-
ments of the genius and enterprise of man.
Thus I say that these corporations and these
enterprises were not only constructively sanc-
tioned^ but created by Congress. Now, the
proposition of the amendment is that the bill
shall not continue to speakforward as to those
hereafter to come into existence, but that it
shall speak backward also, and shall impose
arbitrarily upon all of these parties whose rights
are vested those conditions which the Senator
denominatesacode. Let me take one of them.
Here is a provision in the bill:
It shall be at all times within the power of Con-
gross to determine the rates to be charged for tho
transmission of messages and communications over
any such lino or cable, .mil to fix and establish such
rules anu regulations m relation thereto as it may
mage necessary.
In other words. Congress or the Govern-
ment, standing now as one of the two parties
to subsisting agreements, arbitrarily, without
the consent of tho other party, without any
complaint of the other, without any evil to be
remedied, may interpose, and hereby does vir-
tually interpose and change entirely the con-
ditions which subsist between the parties to this
contiact.
i16o ^ ^rS' s(,a',ec' proposition the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts was of opin-
ion that the second section answered it; that
the second scction of the bill exempted such
corporations as those to which I allude from
its operation. Since that time the honorable
Senator and myself have gone over the bill
together, and I think he now agrees with me
that the second section, so far from exempting
them, only subjects them still further to other
conditions not contained in this act. So that
the amendment of the Senator stands uoon the
nrst section of the bill and all the effcct to be
derived from that; and it is to make the bill
applicable not only prospectively to these par-
ties, or to parties hereafter to come into exist-
ence and in possession of their rights, not only
apphcableto the French cable to which it ought
to apply, those in interest having gone on in
derogation of the clear rights of Congress to
speak and to act and laid their cable, but that
it shall apply also to parties with whom we
have now perfectly satisfactory relations, who
nave done nothing and omitted nothing su^est-
mg the necessity of legislation, but who "stand
m entire good faith with vested rights, we our-
selves being parties. I venture to suggest to
the honorable Senator that in lieu of his amend-
ment meaning to hit the case of the French
cable language like this would accomplish his
whole purpose, to come in, if von please, at
the end of the bill: "
thtl!ihuVldedf'l''iher', Th-,at tbis act shall apply to
lTmlS ™ <|n0wn ?s„% Frcncl1 cable, heretofore
landed on the coast of Massachusetts.
Or if that be not the most appropriate de-
scrjption, then such a designation as does point
to this cable. But I humbly protest as a prin-
