2524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
raent, the justice of which will I think bo ad-
mitted by the Committee of Ways and Mi-::;is
and by the House. I moveto add to the clu.<so
just read the following:
On corsets or manufactured cloth, woven or mado
in patterns of such size, shape, or l'orm, orcut in such
manner as to be lit for corsets, S3 per dozen.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not like to raise a
point of order, but under the ruling of the
Chair yesterday in reference to an amendment
I offered that amendment is not in order.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will say in regard to
the point of order that they are cotton goods.
Mr. ALLISON. They are not cotton shirts
or drawers.
Mr. KELLOGG. They come so near to it
that I do not think the gentleman's objection
is well taken.
The CHAIRMAN. So far as the knowledge
of the Chair extends the amendment relates
to the same general subject as the clause of
(he bill.
Mr. KBLLOGCr. I do not think the objec-
tion is good. There are reasons which I think
will satisfy the committee why this specific
duty should be adopted. This article of cor-
sets is now almost entirely imported. I will
call the attention of the committee to page
121 of Mr. Wells's report for proof of this
fact, audi know the gentleman from Iowa will
agree that that is good authority.
"Corsets.—This urticlo is imported chiefly from
(rei taaiiv, but is produced to a limited extent in the
United Strifes. Tho average importing cost of cor-
sets made of'iinen or cotton, as reported to tho Com-
missioner liv the appraisers m Mev,' Yorlf, is twelve
Kildurs, or SI 80 pur dozen. The present duty is 3)
percent, ml valorem, the equivalent specific ol which
is> SI GS per dor,oil."
Twenty years ago, in 1850, and for ten or
fifteen years, this article of corsets was imported
almost entirely from France, until manufac-
tories were established in Germany. An asso-
ciation of weavers was formed, and now there
are at Wurtemberg, Germany, some 15,000
corset-looms, owned by about twenty different
manufacturers. Every one of those manufac-
turers has a corresponding house in New York
under another name, but really identically tho
same house in interest. 'They uniformly con-
sign these goods to their own houses in New
York at an invoice price of $4 per dozen.
Gentlemen can see that it makes no. earthly
difference to them whether they put these goods
down on the invoices at $4, or $10, or $16 per
dozen, except so far as the duty is concerned.
Now, tho actual cost of the higher grades
of this article in Germany is §l(i per dozen.
During the last year some 000,000 dozen cor-
sets were imported into this country from
Wurtemberg at a uniform valuation of $-1 per
dozen. They were consigned by the manufac-
turers in Germany to their own houses in New
York at their own prices; and as far as they
were concerned they might just as well have
been invoiced at SI per dozen. During the
same time some 20,000 dozen corsets have
beea imported from England at an average
valuation of §10 per dozen ; but they are an
inferior article. The average valuation of these
articles is about 80 per dozen. Mr. Wells
leeommends an average duty of 50 per cent.
nd valorem on that importation, although the
actual cost of eoisets when imported from
KraiiCi; is more than three times $4 SO per
dozen, and labor was cheaper then than it is
now. I propose aspecific duty of $3 per dozen,
winch is less than "0 per cent., for the purpose
of prevent ing this fraudulent system of consign-
ing goods to this country at this undervalua-
tion. Everybody who knows tho value of this
article knows that corsets cannot ba made at
$4 per dozen or even for twice that sum.
1 hope that gentlemen on both sides of this
Hall will say that if our Americau women will
wear these corsets we will give our American
girls an opportunity to make them. During
the war there were lour establishments in New
Haven for manufacturing corset3, doing busi-
ness with from 500 to 1,000 gills : but now three
of those factories have stopped, and the other
gives employment now to only about CO hands.
There are other establishments in my district
that would go on with this business if they
are not entirely crushed by these German im-,
porters. I hope that my amendment will be
agreed to.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of opposing this amendment, but simply
for the purpose of saying that this bill was
prepared before the subject of the gentleman's
amendment was brought to the attention of
the committee. Wo thought tho parties who
explained it to us made out a very strong
ease. Still tho committee have not themselves
embraced corsets in what they have done.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to say a singlo
word.
Mr. SCHENCK. We only signified to tho
parties that they might have the subject brought
forward in the shape of an amendment, as lias
now been done.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to say that in
the bill reported from our committee during
the last Congress this item of corsets was in-
cluded. The committee had then examined
it, and regarded it as entitled to the consider-
ation proposed by this amendment. I think
the amendment is a proper one, and I was not
aware that the subject had been omitted from
this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. Imovctoamendtheamend-
meiit by striking out " §3 " and inserting ",§2."
Mr. KELLOGG. Ohl do not; that is no
protection at all.
The amendment of Mr. Allison' was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on tho amendment
of'Mr. Kellogg, it was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether he intends to let the Q cents
per pound remain upon cotton shirts, drawers,
&c.V I understood that the committee had
agreed to strike that out.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have looked at the rec-
ord of the committee on that subject, and I
find that there was a proposition to strike out
the 5 cents per pound, and also a proposition
to strike out the whole and insert 40 per cent.
ad valorem; but no action was taken in the
committee upon either motion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman state the difference bctwoeu the duty
fixed by existing law on these articles and that
which will be imposed under this bill'?
Mr. SCHENCK. The present duly is 35 per
cent, ad valorem, and tho 5 cents proponed
in thia bill is just that much additional.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then we pro-
pose to add 5 cents per pound on cotton shirts,
drawers, &c. I hope all the cotton shirts and
drawers in this House will rebel against that
proposition. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out. in the pending paragraph the words
'•Scents per pound and;" so that the para-
graph will read:
On cotton shirts and drawers and other articles
knit or woven oa irames, 05 per cent, ad valorem.
It seems to ir.e that articles of the character
enumerated in this paragraph, articles used to
so great an extent by persons engaged in the
laborious pursuits of the country, ought not
to be subjected to a higher duty than 85 per
cent. I understand that this is the rale of duty
under the present law ; and the question is now
presented to us whether on common cheap
shirts, &c., used by every laboring man in the
country, the duty shall be increased.
if I understand tho public voice with rela-
tion to tho tariff, ifc is in favor of a reduction
of duties, not an increase. In spite of this
public sentiment in favor of a reduction of
duties, it is proposed that on these articles of
universal use there shall be an increase to the
extent of 5 cents per pound. I trust that if
there is to be no reduction of tho duties upon
these articles of universal necessity there will
be at least no increase. I think that the Rep-
resentatives of the'people iri this House_should.
hear some other voice than that of the'manu-
facturer alone; thiit our legislation should be,
to some extent, controlled by the demands of
the whole people rather than by the demands
of those interested in higher protective duties.
Thirty-five per cent will give sufficient protec-
tion to the American manufacturers of these
articles; and it is a high enough duty for the
purposes of revenue. It seems to me that not'
one additional cent ought to be imposed on
these articles.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment. It will be observed
that the rate of duty proposed in the bill upon
these articles is very much below the average
of the tariff duties. The Committee of Ways
and Means propose to raise b.y this tariff not
less than §1(30,000,000 per annum. Assuming
the imports to amount to $400,000,000 an-
nually, which has been the amount for the last
year ortwo, and which is as high an aggregate
as wo can fairly expect, an average of 40 per
cent, of duty will be required to furnish the
neccssary revenue. In other words, 40 per
cent, would bo the rate if we fixed a uniform
or level duty upon all articles. But a great
many articles are put upon the free list; and
hence it is necessary, in order to reach the
average, that the duty upon some articles
should be raised above 40 per cent. But on
the articles named in this paragraph the aver-
age duty realized under this bill will not exceed
40 per cent. I should prefer, so far as I am
concerned, to strike out 5 cents per pound and
35 per cent, ad valorem, and fix the rate at 40
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman what amount of duties will in the
judgment of the Committee of Ways and
Moans be raised by this bill ?
_ Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. We think
that the tariff as proposed in this bill will yield
an annual reveuue of about $100,000,000.
Mr. IIOLMAN. About $100,000,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. About
from $150,000,000 to $100,000,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Reducing the aggregate
from $180,000,000 to $150,000,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. About
$100,000,000. I think that is one of tho
lowest rates, as it stands, upon any one of the
textile fabrics.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Did not the
chairman of tho Committee of Ways and Means
rj ate that the lowest amount of reduction would
not go beyond $22,000,000? He said at first
tho committee calculated the reduction would
be $20,000,000; but that further calculation
showed the reduction would be $22,000,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
closest calculation, based upon the imports
of last year, gives a reduction of about
$22,000,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. That would
not, reduce it to below $100,000,000.
_ Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. About
$158,000,000. There is an impression that
imports will fall off. I say under this tariff
the committee consider from §150,000,000 to
$100,000,000 would be a fair estimate.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman from
Inaiana to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will, if the gentleman
will renew it.
^r- M ARSHALL. I icnew tho amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I do not see any necessity or
propriety for increasing the existing duties on
any of these fabrics. Indeed I think the changes
should be in a descending scale on all of them.
I do not agree with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who I know has
studied this question very thoroughly, that the
interests of the revenue require increase of du'y
on any articles whatever. The revenues are
increasing at such a rate at this time we will
have a surplus of over $100,000,000. The actual
receipts at this time far surpass the estimates
