1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2525
of the Department. The receipts for tlxe cur-
vent year on internal revenue is at the rate of
20 per cent, in excess of the revenues for the
same time last year. In other words, we re-
ceived last year of internal revenue $160,000,-
000. At the present rate of receipts for the
current fiscal year they will amount to $190,-
000,000. And the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, if this Congress discharges its duty
to the country, will be much less than the esti-
mate made by the Treasury Department. Ac-
cording to the statement of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
we can, and ought to in justice to the country,
cut down the appropriations a great many
million dollars, The difference between the
expenses and receipts of the Government will
then amount to considerable over §100,000,000
for the current and next fiscal year.
In my judgment the taxes could be reduced
at least §80,000,000. There is no necessity,
there is no propriety, there is no justice in this
movement to increase the duty on any article
whatever. The existing tariff upon these arti-
cles is higher than under any former tariff
since the organization of the Government.
Under the tariff of 1857 it was only 15 per
cent. Under the tariff of 1840 it was 20 per
cent. Under the tariff of 1801 it was only 30
per cent, and under the tariff of 1842 it was
but 80 per cent. It is now 35 per cent. I can-
not conceive there is any exigency of the coun-
try, or of the manufacturer of these articles
that would justify the increase of the tariff at
this time. The country is demanding a reduc-
tion of taxes. They are demanding I hat some
of the burdens now depressing the people shall
be taken off. I do not think justice to the
manufacturers, justice to the country, our duty
to the people of any part of the country, or to
the Government, requires at our hands to in-
crease the tax on any one of these articles.
This will be a specific increase ; and I do not
think that the temper of the country, the tem-
per of the people on this class of legislation,
will justify this House or this Congress in in-
creasing the duty on any one of these articles.
It is with reluctance I repeat remarks I have
heretofore made on this class of legislation. I
shall not go into the discussion of the principles
of their protective duty, nor of the principles
of protection, nor of the principles of a tariff
for revenue. I believe thisincreaseis justified
by neither one consideration nor the other.
[Here the. hammer fell.]
.Air. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, 3 am surprised at my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall,] 1'orthe amendment he has offered :
but 1 am more surprised at his want of gal-
lantry on this occasion, unmarried man as he
is. [Laughter.] Why, what have we just
done? We have taxed every woman in the
country an additional 25 cents on her corsets,
which will involve an additional cost to every
woman on the ligatures around her body. And
after we have done that I am astonished at the
want of gallantry displayed by my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] in getting up and
objecting to the 5 cents a pound on his own
cotton shirts and drawers.
Mr. MA11SHALL. It is on record that I
opposed the increase of duty on the corsets.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am glad
that that is oil record, for the sake of the gen-
tleman's character in the estimation of the
ladies. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG. The additional duty on
corsets was for the benefit of the American
ladies, by giving them a chance to make thorn
at home.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The Amer-
ican ladies do not make the corsets at home.
The corsets are made by machinery by the
gentleman's constituents and mine, who will
by this bill get from 35 to 50 cents additional
from the western and southwestern ladies on
their corsets. All right! Under the general
system of robbery and plunder corsets should
be taxed as well as other things. I am glad
wo have got corsets in the hill. We will have
the ayes and noes on the corsets, and let the
country see all about it. [Laughter.]
My colleague"from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleve-
land,] a Democrat, after some hours' speak-
ing, succeeded in getting the duty reduced on
spool-cotton thread. We are making converts
on the other side. The chairman of the Com-
raitteeof Ways and Means consented to that
reduction. My argument on seamstresses yes-
terday had an excellent effect. But my col-
league from Illinois, recrcant bachelor that ho
is, unfaithful .to the duties he owes to the softer
sex, declines to carry out the precedent of in-
creasing nominally 25 cents on corsets, actually
50_ cents, and stands bythe old duly on cotton
shirts and drawers. He does not want the
additional 5 cents a pound puton those articles.
The whole thing is ridiculous and not worth
arguing about.
The question being put on Mr. IIolsian's
amendment, renewed by Mr. Marshall, there
were—ayes 25, noes 42 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Brooks, of New
York, and Mr. Matstaud.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 52, noes 02.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
On lace of every description, composed of cotton
or tiax, not made up by tho ncecUo, id per cent, ad
vidortm.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ha ve a verbal amend-
ment from the committee to propose. 1 move
that the words "madeup " be struck out and
in lieu thereof the word "prepared" inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, KELLOGG. I do notpropose often to
offer amendments raising duties on any articles
above the pointatwhich they are put in this hill
as reported from the committee. But hero we
have one or two that are luxuries—lace and
lacc shawls and scarfs—and the duty on lace
of every description is precisely the same duty
as that upon the thread of which it is made.
Now, this thre.al is of the veiy finest quality
made, running from 201) to 300; and none of
it is made in this country. The manufacture
has commenced within the last three or four
years, and as the tariff now stands there is
no protection whatever on this thread late.
Although it may be made by machinery, still
it requires the superintendence of American
skilled operatives, skilled men and women, to
watch and tend the machines. And 1 think
the price oflabor being so much higher in this
country than in the Old World, that we should
give some little protection to American labor
when engaged in Lhe manufacture of what every-
body concedes to be a luxury. This lace is now
made to a small extent, and will be made to a
larger extent, giving employment to our own
people, if they can have some little protection
ovej: and above the duty on the raw material
which they use. There is nothing less than
No. 200 in the way of thread that can be used
by these manufacturers, and nothing of that
kind is made in this country, and certainly
nothing appears in the last imports as paying !
any duty. I therefore move to strike out " 40" j
and insert "50." I
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to oppose the i
amendment proposed by the gentleman from j
Connecticut, [Mr. Kellogg,] and in doing so j
I want to call the attention of the committee to I
the fact that upou every material thing relating j
to cotton in this bill we have proceeded step by j
step to increase the duty over and above the
existing law. We passed, first, a provision in
18G1 giving protection to cotton manufactures;
in "18r>2 we passed another; in 18G4, another;
and oil March 3, 1805, we passed still another
bill giving increased protection to cotton man-
ufactures. By the vote that we have just taken
we have not only increased the duty upon cot-
ton shirts and drawers, but I call attention to
the fact that we have increased it upon "<3ther
articles, _ which includes all* cotton hosiery
imported into this country; and if you will torn
to your repqrts you will see that wherever thee
has been any material importation of any arti-
cle it is proposed by this bill to increase the
dutyupou it. Now, if tbe gentleman from Con-
necticut desired, ashestates, to protect his con-
stituents who are manufacturers of lace, why did
ho not propose in the paragraph just' passed
to reduce the duty upon cotton thread, which
we have increased by this bill, .and thus give
protection indirectly to the manufacturers in
his district? He tells us now that we do not
make this particular thread in this country at
all, and yet we have taxed it 40 per cent, ad
valorem, and for tho purpose of compensating
the women engaged in making lace we are
called upon to increase this duty to 50 per
cent, ad valorem. Now, I desire to say to the
committee that I for one shall vote against this
increase of duties on cotton goods. Gentlemen
who are voting here paragraph after paragraph
to increase the duties on these articles may
take the responsibility. I have no doubt they
are ready to do so ; 1 am not.
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw the amend-
ment to enable the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciiexck] to rejiew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it merely for the
purpose of correcting my colleague's figures.
He is exceedingly unfortunate in referring to
cotton thread, ou which he says we have raised
tbe duty.
Mr. ALLISON. I referred to the paragraph,
" on cotton shirts, drawers, and other arti-
cles," which includes cotton hosiery. I call
the attention of the chairman of the committee
to the fact that by the very wording of the
paragraph he includes cotton hosiery, which
was not included before. The words " other
articles knit or woven on frames" include
cotton hosiery.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman's refer-
ence to thread was a mistake. I do not know
why wo should go back to that, but I suppose
ho did it for the purpose of illustrating his
argument. If the gentleman will look at the
returns ho will find that the average invoiced
valuation of all these threads included in that
paragraph is 22} cents per pound. The present
tariff classifies them into those which are charged
at the rate of 40 per cent, ad valorem,, and
those which are charged 4 ceuts per skein of 840
yards, and 30 per cent, ad valorem in addition.
Now, in order to tell what that amounts to, it
is necessary to know something about a skein.
The average weight of a skein, as we ascertain
bythe table given in regard tot he hanks,bundles,
and numbers that go to make a pound, is four
fifths o fa pound; 4 cents upon a skein, therefore,
being 4 cents upon fourfilths of apotmd, is just
5 cents a pound; and 5 cents a pound added
to 0s cents, which is 30 per cent., would amount
to 11;; cents, and 11 j} ceuts is a little more than
50 per cent. The average invoice valuation is
221 cents, so that by reducing all to one class
of 40 per cent, ad valorem, we have kept under
it some that are now 40 per cent, ad valorem,
and lowered others. And we have lowered it
just in proportion to its quality, and left the
greater advantage of protection to the finer
qualities, because the coarser tho thread the
more it will weigh. The 4 cents per skein is
in addition to the 30 per cent, ad valorem. The
reason the committee fixed the rates on lace as
in these two paragraphs, the one at 4!) per cent,
and the other at 4.3 per cent.—being higher than
any other—was simply that they were disposed,
if they made any increase ofrates, to do^it upon
articles of luxury. Lace of both kinds, auvanced
here in one paragraph to 40 per cent., and in
the other paragraph, on the better qualities, to
45 nor cent, ad valorem, presents the fact 01
an advance upon articles which in some sense
arc purely luxuries. Thar, is the reason the
distinction was made, while no such advance
was made as the gentleman charges.
[Here the hammer fell.]
