1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
ciple and as an instance of its application
against Congress arbitrarily interposing and
casting off obligations to which it i_s a party,
particularly when there is no necessity and 110
practical excuse for it.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know that this
bill was coming up to-day. I had my attentiou
called to the subject the other day, and pre-
pared an amendment which I wished to submit
to the Senator from Massachusetts before offer-
ing it in the Senate. I supposed the object of
the bill was simply to affect the French cable,
nothing else. I have prepared an amendment
which I should like to have read, and I shall
perhaps offer it as a substitute for this amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
Mr. POMEROY.
Mr. SUMNER.
information.
The Secretary.
I offer it as a new section.
It can be read by way of
The amendment proposes
to strike out the whole bill——
Mr. POMEROY. No; my amendment is
by way of addition to the bill without the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONKLING. Leaving the bill
stands from the committee ?
Mr. POMEROY. With this additional sec-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us hear it.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment ; which was to insert as an additional sec-
tion the following:
And he it further enacted, Thfifc a? the President of
the United States gave permission to land a French
cable upon this American soilonlyupon the express
condition that this English-French Cable Company,
or France, should secure the same privilege of land-
ing and enjoyms the uso of an American cable upon
French soil, and such reciprocity not being secured,
the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby; authorized and directed to cause to be re-
moved the said French cable from the .jurisdiction
and waters of the United States, and the working
and operating of said French cabieshall cease within
the jurisdiction of the United State? until n satisfac-
tory treaty on ocean telegraph cables shall beimide
and ratified between the Government of Franco and
the United States, or some other concession from
France effected equally satisfactory.
Mr. SUMNER. Though the amendment of
the Senator from Kansas is not strictly in
order at this stage, it is in order to comment
serious question when Congress has declared
itself. It is on this account that I have pressed
this bill now before our adjournment, anxious
that the will of the Senate, at least, if not of the
other House, should be known to the French
Government, so that they might take it into
consideration in* determining their conduct;
and I believe there is no occasion to go further
than the provision of this bill. Anything be-
yond that is surplusage. It is throwing upon
the President a needless duty; and I am almost
j disposed to think it has in it something a little
i vindictive in character. There is no occasion
; for it. A milder proceeding is perfectly ade-
| quate, perfectly suflicieut; and I need not re-
j mind you, sir, that all that philosophy ever
] asks is a sufficient cause. This is all I have to
I say on the proposition of the Senator from
i Kansas.
i And this brings me to the remarks oftheSen-
| atorfrom New York. He objects to theamend-
i ment which I have moved because it makes
| the bill applicable to "existing cables. Why
i should it not apply to existing cables? First,
| is there any objection in the Constitution or
i in any principle of public law? I submit that
as it |; there is not. I submit that it is clearly within
; the competency of Congress, if it sees fit, to
] make a system of regulations ; or, as I called it
■ the other day, a code applicable to all the
: cable telegraphs of our country, whether those
I already existing or those which may hereafter
! be made. Does any one doubt that we may
I do it? Does any one doubt that it is consist-
entwith the Constitution and with just prin-
ciples of public law? 'The Senator from New
York, while he objected to it, failed to assign
any specific reason of Constitution or of public
law which bore 011 the question. I submit that
there is 110 adequate reason of either. The
power of Congress over the question is
plenary.
Itonly remains, then, that weshould consider
whether it is expedient to exercise this power.
On that head it seems to mc that the reason
is conclusive. Here are cables, one at the
South, another not yet landed at the North,
another already landed on the coast of my own
State; shall Congress discriminate between
them ? Shall it say that the cable already
landed at the South shall have a system of reg-
upon it, and I submit that it is perhaps going |[ ulations, or, as I have, called it, a code exclu-
toofar; it is certainly going beyond theoriginal
object of the bill. That object was to provide
a system of rules for the government of cable
telegraphs, and not to go beyond that. Now
the amendment of the Senator contemplates
executive action extraordinary 111 character,
being nothing else than the uprooting, if I may
so express myself, of the cable so far as it has
planted itself in our soil.
Mr. POMEROY. That is so.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that is
so. Itisso. Is that expedient? Is it advisable
by legislation to take any such step ? It seems
to me that the bill before the Senate goes far
enough; it accomplishes all that is desirable ;
and I will read the clause to which I refer,
which is as follows :
Provided, That the privileges conferred by this act
shall not be enjoyed by any company or persons
whose line or cable, by its connections or otherwise,
terminates in or extends to any foreign country in 1
and by which similar privileges are not conferred
upon companies incorporated bythoautliority of the
united States, or of any State of this Union.
There is an express provision to defeat the
operation of auy cable landed on our shores
proceeding from a country which does not
allow reciprocity with us. What more can you
desire ? Does not that go far enough ? The
Senator by his amendment says no. He wishes
that the President should transport himself
near Plymouth Rock and there destroy the
landing and the works there erected. I do not
think it advisable that we should go as far as
that. I think we had better lay down our rule
of action, trusting to the intelligence and com-
ity of France to take the proper course with
regard to it. 1 do not believe there will be any
sively for itself, while other cables are to be
jl brought under a general system such as is now
j! proposed? I submit that such a proceeding is
i'; not expedient. I submit that a better prac-
ji tice, abetter policy would be to subject all the
j! cables to one system. I think nobody can doubt
|j that it would be better to have them under a
jS system at once uniform and universal, unless
I: there be some claim of equity, or justice, or
} policy even, so strong in favor of the southern
cable as to gipke it inexpedient for Congress
to exercise -tbjis power.
I submit that there is no such claim, no such
equity ; it cannot be established ; while on the
other hand all the considerations of equity and
of public policy are in favor of the system that
is uniform and universal. I think the Senator
from New York, if he examines the existing
statutes carefully—indeed, I have had the ad-
vantage of looking over them with him, and with
his assistance—will see that there is no pro-
vision in any of them which is essentially in-
terfered with, I may say impaired, by thesystem
now proposed. I believe, therefore, ifCongress
undertakes to legislate 011 tlie subject it had
better treat them all alike, have one system,
one code applicable to all, which, however,
may hereafter be amended by Congress. It
will always be within the reach of Congress if
experience should justify a change.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Massachusetts whether he
intends this amendment to ajiply to all tele-
graphic communication with foreign nations?
It occurs to me that under the present phrase-
ology it applies as well to the telegraphic com-
munication between this country and Can-
ada and New Brunswick to those lines lliftt
were completed before there was any ocean
cable laid as well as to ocean cables, .the
original intention was to make the bill appli-
cable to ocean cables.
Mr SUMNER. If the Senator will read on
he Will see "by means of telegraphic or mag-
netic lines or cables laid in any part thereof in
and over the waters, reefs, islands, shores, and
lands within the jurisdiction of the United
States.'1 m . . -
Mr. MORTON. That simply confirms my
statement, I think.
Mr HOWARD. ItcoverstheCanadawaters.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes.  
Mr. HOWARD. The dividing line is water
for many hundreds of miles.
Mr. MORTON. It is equally applicable to
lines connecting with Canada as to ocean cables.
I supposed the original purpose was to control
ocean cables.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it was. No one
is more aware of it than the Senator from
Indiana, as we had the advantage of his coun-
sels in the committee on the subject.
Mr. MORTON. I simply suggest that the
bill now is broader in its operation than was
intended by the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask tlie Senator
is there any reason why cables with Canada
should not be subject to the same regulations?
Mr. MORTON. I am not prepared now to
discuss that question, but will simply answer
by saying that the original intention was to
prepare a bill applicable to ocean cables, one
end being in this country and the other end on
the other side of the Atlantic and passing
through an ocean or sea. Whether it would
be right to apply these regulations to tele-
graphic communications already existing with
Canada is another question, which I am not
prepared to discuss now.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not sorry that the
Senator has presented the question. It is an
interesting one. I ask is it not expedient that
the national Government should assert and
should excrcise that power, making it applica-
ble to the telegraphic communications with
Canada so long as Canada is a foreign country ?
Read the regulations; are they not reasonable?
Is there one of these five regulations to which
any Senator can take exception ? Is there one
which is not just, whether in our relations with
France, with England, or with Canada ? Sup-
pose they are applicable to a land communica-
tion with Canada; admit it; is it not expedient
j for the nation at this moment to assert that ju-
j risdiction? I cannot doubt that it is; nor do I
I see way danger, any hardship, or any possibility
j of abuse or difficulty growing out of it. I am
inclined to think, if the Senator will pardon
' me, that the very fact that this bill is applica-
ble to the communications with Canada is an
additional recommendation. If the Senator
looks over these regulations he will see that
j they fit the case; that they assert a power which
j we ought to exercise in our relations with any
1 foreign jurisdiction.
! However, sir, this whole question is in the
j hands of the Senate. The object of the com-
j mittee and my own object has been to mature
j a measure that should be just and beneficent,
j that should guard the public interests, and
' adequately represent the dignity of the nation.
It seems to^ine that that dignity is in a certain
sense assailed when a foreign Power which
offers no equivalent of reciprocity calmly lands
a csMe on our shores, not asking permission
of the nation. And I am very glad that this
question has occurred on the coasts of my own
btate. _ The cable there, I know, acts by the
authority of a statute of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. While I shall never fail in
honor to the State that I represent here 1 shall
not fail in proper criticism when I think it
assorts a jurisdiction which does not properly
belong to it. This, sir, belongs to the nation ;
it is the common property of the whole coun-
try; and the whole country, whether on the
