1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4413
the Senate Chamber who have not answered
to their names.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They cannot
answer after the vote lias been announced.
The Chair announced the vote that there were
IB in the affirmative and 18 in the negative.
Mr. DAVIS. I make the only motion", then,
that is in order, that we may have a roll-call
to show that a quorum is not present, that the
Sergeant-at- Arms be instructed to invite absent
members to attend.
. The FEES I DING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin made that motion. The Sen-
ator frorn^ Massachusetts then moved to ad-
journ, which takes precedence of the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin, and is in order.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn,
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS — Mfcssrs. Boreinan, Carpenter, Corbcit,
Dr: ko, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Howard,
McCreery, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Scott, Stewart,
Sumner, Williams, and Yates—16.
NAYri — ilcssis, Abbott, Da-vis, Fowler, llarrh,
IIowo, Lewis McDonald, Pool, Vratt, Hiee, Ilobeit-
son, lloss. Spencer, Sprague, Thayer, Waincr, and
Wilson—17.
ABSENT — Me'drs. Ames, Anthony, Dayoid,
Brotfnlow. Buckingham, Cameron, Cto^erly, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Crasin, Edmnnd.s
Fenton, Feny, Flanagan.Giiberf. Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Pat-
teidon, Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Seburz,
Sherman, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Viekcrs, and Willey—39.
So the Senate refused to adjourn—no quorum
voting.
Mr. SUMNER. As there is no quorum, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts renews the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. ROBERTSON, I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator waive the
motion for a moment, while I ask the consent
of the Senate to an agreement to take this bill
up for the next evening session and proceed
with it to a close ?
Mr. SUMNER. We cannot do business
without a quorum.
Mr. HOWE. It is objected to, then ?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks that by unanimous con-
sent an agreement be made to consider this
bill at the next evening session. Is there any
objection to that understanding?
Mr. STEWART. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada objects.
Mr. STEWART. I object, unless the bill
can be perfected.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: and (at ten o'clock
and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 14, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain cf
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 2201) to amend the natu-
ralization laws, and topunish crimes against the
same, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
TRADE WITH BRITISH PROVINCES.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 327) relative
to trade with British North American provinces
was read twice by its title.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to put that joint resolution on its passage
now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause an inquiry to be made
for the information of Congress relative to the
extent and state of trade between the United
States and -the several dependencies of Great
Britain in North America, and authorizes him
to designate & suitable person to make such
inquiry.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. AMES. I present a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi, praying
for an appropriation and grant of lands for
rebuilding the levees of the Mississippi river,
with a letter from the Governor, transmitting
the same. I move that the resolution be road,
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The resolution is as follows*
Resolution memorializing Congress on the subject
of reclaiming overflowed lands on the Mississippi
river.
Wheieas tho delta, between the Mississippi and
the Ytizoo rivers contains; an immense body oL' land
unsurpassed in richness; and bocausc of ihesc further
considerations, namely, that UiOoO lauds Ho at rho
very heart ol' tho American cotton zone; that while
tho nehestuf the cotton uplands uo not yield au
average of half a bale to tho acre, the lands lying
between the Mississippi and the ¥uzoo yield an avei -
age per acre of a lull bale ; that with tho exception
of some tracts found seal tercd thiough it at a level
above ordinary floods the agricultural industry of
the country had been excluded from that luxuriant
waste by inundations of the Mississippi: that to such
an extent had all the places available lor settlement
under ljh.it prate of the case been settled before I35J
that the live river count ica which produced forty-two
thousand bales of eottomn that year had produced
even ten years previously so many as thirty-nine
thousand bales; that tho Government of the United
States, seeking to convert the immense areas of rich
lands winch had remained thus useless into an ele-
ment of wealth, gi anted them to the State of Missis-
sippi in trust for the reclamation by lovee^ ; that the
following statement will show tho results of that
grant ou the production oi live counties already
referred to.
fJale$.
In 1810, before the grant, the counties being
nnlevced   3l>,000
In 18">0, before tho giant, the counties being
still uiiieveed  4-, 000
In 1860, after the grant, the counties having
been leveed  150,000
That tho policy of promoting tho construction of the
levees of the Mississippi by resources of the Federal
Government is thu^ shown to hove proved sound in
our public arithmetic, lor lhe luxuriant lands which
j emained for the decadc previous to tho gi ant by the
United States, uncultivated wastes, had in ten yeais
after the conversion of the grant added to the com-
merce of the country ono hundred and fourteen thou-
sand bales oi cotton, and to the income of the coun-
tiy $'>,000,000; and whereas previously to the grant tor
the reclamation of )ho hr>ds contained between the
MibSis.Mppi and the Yazoo tho^c lands had remained
on the hands of the Government unsalable; and
because of these furtherconsiderations, namely, that
from the day on winch the donation nmde by the
Government had given assurance of their reclama-
tion they became valuable m themarket, that their
sale yielded thenceforth large sums of money, and
thatthcinvefdmentof thosesums in the construction
of levees had made the lands thus sold an available
basis of credit for the completion of the work; that
after the conversion of tho Federal donation, after
the exhaustion of local taxation :tnd local credit, the
people who had gone into the alluviums oi tho Yazoo
in expectation of thehnal succcssot thereclamation
found themselves a3 a body-corporato, on its accom-
plishment, not onlv without further rerources at
their disposal, but also in debt to the capitalists at
the North and the South to the la-i t limits of their
powers of payment; aim v.horeas, bringing home to
them the disasters of war, under a form of spccial
hardships, military necessity demanded that the
great impiovement in whose <.,on>truction the people
of the delta had bejorno, utterly exhausted be de-
stroyed; and becausc or the farther considerations,
namely, that norwiohstaaduig it? wonderful produc-
tiveness as a. field for cotton the country lying be-
tween the Mississippi and the Yaaoo has. as a result
of the war, reverted back to substantially the condi-
tion of waste fiom which ii had been revdaimed^ and
that the people wlio have, as a consequence, neon
ruined with it are not only now. as they were pre-
vious to thegrantoi the Federal Government, face to
face with the impossible task of building now levees
without money or credit, but arc excluded from the
execution of tho^e works still more absolutely by a
formidable debt; that, unprotected by levees now,
as it was o")gin;iliv, ihocuttoa planting of tho tract
lying between the Mi^si-^ippi and the Yaxoo i^ now,
as it wa«lhon, reduced withm the dimensions of those
squall aiea> oi.in exceptional elevation,which present
reasonable hope of saving the capital invested m ttie
crop from the destruction of midsummer floods; and
because of those further considerations, namely, that
apart from the loss consequent on thostoj>£>age of the
rapid rate of increase of production due to tho levee,
tho actual loss incident to itsdestruetionwill a&ount
this year, as compared with i860,.to eighty thousand
bales; that this deficit couseauejit on the-.want of
levees iu the State o f Mississippi represents, at prices,
a deficit in the income ot the country to the amount
of $S 000,000 in gold; that the work of improvement,
which will place the people of the tract bounded by
the Mississippi and Yazoo in a position to add mil-
lions of dollars to the gold inoome of the country,
will, if carried out, now that it is.impossible of exe-
cution otherwise, by the assistance-of the General
Government, prove still more than it did in the past
a sound measure of financial pohey; that this great
immediate result in the construction of the levee is
but theinitial term of along progression ot results of
tho same importance: that this progression will not
have reached iisiinal term,until three fourths of that
delta of incomparable productiveness given to tho
plow, the wisdom of tho construction of the icvec by
tho aid of the General Government shall have been
. put in proof by an addition to tho annual surpluses
; of the nation to the extent of between one and two
million bale-? of cotton: Therofore,t
Ho it rffolvcd b'f the Jjcgiilaturc of the State of Mis-
fiwuippi. That adhering to the national policy which
gave Mich great ic.^ulrsto the wear!oh ot the nation,
by the cnn-.trufMon of tho levees of tho Mississippi-
Yazoo delta; that policy, now that no other means
remain tor the reaeoomphsbmeut of those great re-
sult*, demands that the Congress of the Unitod Slates,
in tender care for this great enterprise, in the spirit
of comprehensive statesmanship, shall appropriate
i-J,000,000 from the public Treasury, and five million
acies ot land from the public domain, to aid, by the
restoration ot thoo levees, in tho conversion of the
immense resources of that delta into national sup-
plier of gold.
ilcnohvd. That thoClovemorfonvardacopy of this
preamble and the>e resolutions to his Excellency the
lircfidcnt of the United States, to c.iohof our Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress: and that
ho urge said Senators and Kenrcsentatives, in an
address, to bring the same to the attention of Con-
gress at the earliest period.
Passed tho house of representatives Anril 27,1870.
F. 11 JMUNKLIff,
/Speaker of Jlome of JIvprescntative*.
Parsed tho senate April 10,1870.
n. a POWERS.
of the
Approved May 2«°>, 3870.
J'refiident of the Senate.
J.L. ALCORN.
Governor.
oitkje of Srcflftr.TATfY of St\TE,
Jackson, Mississippi.
I, James Lynch, secrctaiy of Slate, do certify the
act hereto attached, entitled "A resolution memo-
rializing Oongie®? on tho puhject of reclaiming
overflowed lands on the Mississippi river," ap-
proved May 2.'!, 1*70, is a true and correct copy of tho
original now on file in this ofFico.
Given under my hand and the great seal of tho
rT r t State of MiSMfMppt hereunto affixed,
^T>* "1 this lid day of June. 1870.
JAMES LY.N0U, Secretary of tit ate.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to'be printed.
Mr. HPENCEti presented a memorial of
j members of the bar of Elyton, Alabama, re-
! moustrating against any change in the judicial
districts in that Slate; which was. referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE. I desire to present several con-
current resolutions of the Legislature of Cali-
fornia, the first of which asks that Congress
devote the military reservation known as Fort
Jones, in Siskiyou count,y, to that county for
educational purposes. I move its reference
to the Committee on Public Lands, and that it
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does it relate to
a military reservation?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Such subjects
have generally been referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. COLE. Very well; let this resolution
be referred to that commil.iee, and printed.
The VICE PHESiDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. COLE. I also present aconcurrent res-
olution of the Legislatureof California, asking
that the navy-yards of the country be placed
upon a purely civil basis, to use the language
of the resolution, which I suppose means to
reduce the expenses from a war basis to a peace
basis. 1 move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and be printed.
Ttie molion was agreed lo.
Mr. COLE. I also present a resolution of
the Legislature of California, in relation to the
