1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3469
those things which are not produced in the
country, that if we lowered these duties from
25 and 15 and 10 per cent, to a uniform rate
of 10 per cent., it would meet with acquies-
cence all round. We have not been fortunate
in this because we discover that it does inter-
fere—aud I presume that is a fact—with an
interest growing up in one at least of the south-
ern States. I suggest, therefore, a compromise
upon this matter. If oranges and lemons and
pineapples are produced in Florida, certainly
they do not and cannot produce to any extent
at least, aud I think not at all, bananas, plant-
ains, mangoes, or cocoanuts. They will not
grow where there is even a touch of frost.
1 propose, therefore, that gentlemen shall
confine their amendments, if they will, to
oranges, lemons, and pineapples. Put them,
if they will, at their present rate of duty, 25
per cent, ad valorem, or whatever other rate
of per cent, the Committee of the Whole will
sustain them in; and then leave the other fruits
to remain at 10 per cent., as we have here pro-
posed. Surely there is no reason for putting
bananas and plantains and cocoanuts, which
now bear a rate of duty of 20 or 25 per cent.,
at a higher rate of duty than 10 per cent., so
that they may be brought within the reach of
our people; for whatever tax you put upon
them in the shape of duty is added to their
price. I might make an argument in favor of
a higher duty on grapes, because, although we
do produce grapes, even in my own State, still
the grapes that are imported into this country
do not come in competition to any great extent
with our grapes, being of different kinds—white,
Muscatel, and other grapes. However, I do
not think it is worth while to make any ques-
tion upon that. We are willing to have the
duty upon them reduced from 20 per cent, down
to 10 per cent. If the compromise I have in-
dicated shall be accepted by gentlemen, I will
be content to say that oranges, lemons, and
pineapples, fruits which we do produce, shall
be put at some higher rate of duty.
Mr. BUCKLEY. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenok] proposes also to have the
proviso retained, that will be perfectly satis-
lactory to us.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly; I propose to
retain the proviso.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Then I will modify my
amendment ia accordance with the suggestion
of the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. I would also ask the gentle-
man to include in his amendment pbwpaws
and persimmons. [Laughter, 1
Mr. SCHENCK, I think no other gentle-
man is interested in them.
Mr. COX. And also insert alligators, which
are a product of Florida and an infant in-
dustry which should be protected. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HAMILTON.- I move to strike oat the
last word of the paragraph, simply for the
purpose of making this remark: some of the
constituents of almost every Representative
upon this floor are to-day in the State of
Florida engaged in the cultivation of tropical
fruits, especially the orange. I venture to
say that there are now engaged in this pursuit
in that State; people from almost every other'
State in the Union. Since the close of the
late war at.least 400,000 orange trees have been
transplanted from the forests into the orchards.
For information, I will say that the sour and
bitter orange grows in countless numbers in
the forests there. They are transplanted to
orange groves and orange orchards and grafted
with the sweet orange, and they bear fruit in
three or four years after they are grafted. And
one orange tree ia fall bearing will on the
average bear 4,000 oranges a year. I am will-
>ng to accede to thesuggestion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schbnck,] and accept
the amendment he has indicated.
Mr, SCHENCK. The amendment I suggest
ts to put at 25 per cent, ad valorem oranges,
lemons, pineapples, and grapes, because those
articles we produce, and leave bananas, plant-
ains, mangoes, &c., at 10 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Schenck,] to insert "huckleberries" in his
amendment, for there is a large trade in them.
[Laughter,]
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will show us any
importation of huckleberries into this country,
there might be some reason in his request.
Gentlemen make merry over this matter; yet
$500,000 of revenue is now derived from these
fruits. I have drawn up the amendment I
indicated, and will read it. It is to strike out
all of the pending paragraph except the pro-
viso, and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
On oranges, lemons, pineapples, and grapes, 25
per cent, ad valorem; and on limes, bananas, plant-
ains, sh&ddooks, mangoes, and cocoanuts, 10 per
cent, ad valorem.
And then leave th§ proviso to stand as it
now reads in the pending parauraph.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I regret
that the serious chairman of the, Committee of
Ways and Means has permitted this proposition
to be turned into a joke. I regret that we have
lost the valuable services of the gallant leader
of the free trade party upon suchaserious prop-
osition as this; that.he has gone out trifling
after peanuts, goue down joking on the Bowery,
upon a proposition like this. Here we are
revising the tariff system and proposing to
relieve the people from a part of their bur-
dens. Here are articles necessary to the suste-
nance of life and Jo the health of the people,
fruits which ought to be used in ten times the
quantity they now are. For the sake of the
health of the people they ought to be cheap
These fruits are produced in great abundance,
and they ought to be as cheap in every home-
stead as the apple, the peach, the pear, or the
plum. They ought to be abundant all over the
land. Yet we propose to put on them a high
duty. By our absurd system of importation,
we require them to be stopped at the border,
delayed at the custom-house, so that when they
reach the interior about, one half of the pur-
chase is lost by the spoiling of the fruit,
These articles ought to go on the free list.
If anything ought to be free these ought to be
free for food and medicine. Yet it is pro- !
posed that the material articles named in the !
paragraph—oranges, lemons, pineapples, and |
grapes—shall be placed at a high rate of duty, j
while the rest of the paragraph, the mere husk
and rind, isleft unchanged. And why? Because !
the Representatives from Florida and other |
southern States tell us ia eloquent and beauti-
ful language that they are now grafting sweet
oranges on sour orange trees, and that in two
or three years those sour orange trees will I
begin to bear sweet oranges. What are the
people to do in the meanwhile? At least let
us have these things free until those sour
orange trees begin to bear sweet oranges. If
we go on at this rate some of us will be hanged
on these sour orange trees. [Laughter.] Now,
I hope the committee will either strike out
this entire clause, with the view of putting these
articles on the free list, or else stand by the
Committee of Ways and Means in its first good I
thought in favor of the people, and put down
the duty to 10 per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to j
call the attention of the chairman of the Com- :
mittee of Ways and Means to the fact that the j
proposition in its present form raises the duty i
on grapes, limes, &c.
Mr. SCHENCK. Limes are pat down to 10 i
per cent, in the amendment as now offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will be
read. j
The Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man from Ohio is light as to limes, bat the
diity on grapes is raised.
Mr. ASPER. I wish to put a question to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. If the duty on these articles be re-
duced does he expect that by reason of an
increased importation the revenue will be
kept up?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think there will be an
increased importation.
Mr. ASPER. And that the revenue will be
kept up.
Mr. SCHENCK. So I think. Mr. Chair-
man, I move to close debate on the paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Buckley, as modified, there were—
ayes 66, noes 26; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Buckley and
Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
The committee divided; aud the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend by striking out "grapes," so that the
duty on this article may continue as it is under
the existing law, 20 per cent, ad valorem.
Malaga grapes are an important commodity
for the use of the sick.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise the point of order
that the Committee of the Whole has by a vote
inserted grapes, and the motion to strike out
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by trans-
ferring pineapples and grapes from their pres-
ent place to the latter clause of the paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. The committee has just placed them
in a certain category, to be charged at a certain
rate of duty, and other articles at another rate
of duty. The gentleman proposes to undo all
we have done.
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be done.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to be heard a moment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed.
Mr. CONGER. . I am speaking to the point
of order. Thecommitteehavedecided to place
26 per cent, upon certain articles. These things
have not been inserted in the clause as they,
were in the clause before. They have not been
relatively changed except by the insertion of
25 per cent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point of order
that the question is not debatable. The point
of order has been decided and there has been
no appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
point to be well taken.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
insert after "grapes" the words "Malaga
grapes, or grapes used by the sick."
Mr. SCHENCK'. How can they tell at the
custom-house they are to be so used ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I pot that-
in argumentative^
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Cox's
motion, to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. COX. As the gentleman from Ohio has
convinced me these articles should be placed
upon the free list, I withdraw my motion to
strike out.
The Clerk read as follows:
On dates, green or ripe, 2 cents per pound: on
Zante or other currants, and prunes and plums, 2}
cents per pound; on raisins, figs, dried apples, dried
peaches, and other dried fruits, 3 cents per pound.
Mr. ROGERS. In the last line I move to
strike out "3"-and insert 411 cent." Iam
opposed to a high tariff upon dried apples.
[Laughter. ] I understand some people, per-
haps in Ohio, eat them, and then take hot
water to swell them for a filling meal. [Re-
newed laughter.]. A duty of 3 cents is more
than, they ought to be called to bear, and I hope
my amendment Will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose, Mr. Chairman,
it will be wholesome to kaow what we are
