1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1581
my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise not for the pur-
pose of debating this question so much as to
enter ray protest against these sweeping con-
demnations of the Governmentand its officers.
I for one, if I stand alone, avow my approval
of the sentiment expressed in the orders of
General Sheridan. They express the senti-
ments of war, and I have always believed, and
believe now, that in war the most vigorous
policy is not only the best policy, but is the
most merciful policy. General Sheridan says
we must strike a blow with telling effect, and
that is the only way to make war. When we
fight the Indians we must fight to kill. I will
join the gentleman in any way to make peace.
I will join the gentlemau in any measure to
preserve peace; but war should be made war;
and if we are to hold our soldiers on the
defensive to be attacked, if we are to hold our
soldiers on the defensive aud let the Indians
come up and attack them and then get into
the wilderness, and never follow them, there
will be no end of Indian wars. These savages
who themselves never care for age or sex,
these savages whose women and children make
war on white women and children, these sav-
ages who dance for joy around the burning
stake, these savages whose women and chil-
dren are instruments and demons of torture to
white women and children, are only to be
warred upon, when you war at all, by a war of
extermination.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I renew the amend-
ment in order to have my time extended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has recog-
nized the gentleman from Ohio on the right,
[Mr. Mungen.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Chairman, I have not
hitherto interfered with the discussions in the
Committee of the Whole on any of these bills.
But I cannot help remarking that I was not
aware that my mild and gentlemanly friend
from the Cincinnati district [Mr. Stevenson]
was so bellicose, so bloodthirsty as he seems
to be. The spirit shown by the gentleman has
astonished me to some extent. But when he
appeals to General Sheridan as an authority,
I wish to call the attention of the gentleman
and the House to the higher authority of Gen-
eral Sherman, who is a much better general than
General Sheridan, notwithstanding the latter's
fabulous ride which has been referred to.
General Sherman, who was at the head of
the peace commission among these Indians,
raid this to us and to the world: " If you want
an Indian war. change the policy and throw the
management into the hands of the Army offi-
cers, and you will have it." In looking at the
accounts of the inhuman sacrifices of those
"savages," who were women and children, I
cannot see in it any mercy or justice or human-
ity or Christianity or any godlike attributes.
As for the savages who murder and destroy our
women and children, I would fight them to the
last, but I would not torture even them; and I
certainly would not jump upon a little Indian
child, having the small-pox, and kill it.
Mr. STEVENSON. For fear of the small-
pox, I suppose?
Mr. MUNGEN. No; I have had it, [laugh-
ter,] and I attended to the boys in the Army
when they had it; and it is suggested to me
that that is what my friend from the Cincinnati
district did not. So much for that.
Now, as regards the question of another col-
league from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] I will ask
the gentleman to examine the treaty of 1835,
and to examine the cases one after the other—
and I will be happy to point them out to him—
where the validity of title under these treaties,
which the gentleman from Cincinnati calls paper
walls, has been recognized to the fullest extent
by the Supreme Court.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not use the
expression "paper walls."
Mr. MUNGEN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. The expression was used by the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent.] If they
are paper walls, they are the kind of walls
whicn Republican legislation lias been punch-
ing holes through. Ever since the Republican
party had power the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States itself seems to be but a paper wall;
the decisions of our courts seem to be but
paper walls j everything is a paper wall when
it suits the convenience of that party and when
they desire to get a semblance of legality for
anything they may do. But this kind of stuff
i will not do. Gentlemen know well, if they have
, read the history of our country and the decis-
ions of our courts, that the titles of these lands
in the Indians are as sacred as the fee-simple
of the man who purchased land and got a
patent for it signed by Thomas Jefferson, or
Andrew Jackson, or James Madison. I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read a passage from
i Peters's "Treaties between the United States
and the Indian tribes," giving a decision of
the Supreme Court.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] is recognized by the
Chair.
Mr.VOORHEES. The passage can be read
out of my time.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The Indian nations had always been considered
as distinct, independent political communities, re-
taining their original natural rights, as the undis-
puted possessors of the soil, from time immemorial;
with the single exception of that imposed by irre-
sistible power, whicn excluded them from inter-
course with any other European potentate than the
first discoverer of the coast of the particular region
claimed; and this was a restriction which those
European potentates imposed on themselves aswell
as on the Indians. The very term ' nation,' so gen-
erally applied to them, means ' a people distinct
from others.' The Constitution, by declaring trea-
ties already made, as well as those to be made, to be
the supreme law of the land, has adopted and sanc-
tioned the previous treaties with the Indian nations,
and, consequently, admits their rank among those
Powers who are capable of making treaties. The
words 'treaty'and 'nation' are words of our own
language, selected in our diplomatic and legislative
proceedings, by ourselves; having each a definite
and well-understood meaning. We have applied
them to Indians as we havo applied them to other
nations of the earth. They are applied to all in the
same sense."
Mr. VOORHEES. My sole object when I
rose a short time ago was to call the attention
of the House to a practical matter. It is too
late in the day, too late in the age in which we
live, to question that Indian treaties have power
to protect the Indians in certain rights. But
I rose in a higher interest than the mere treaty
power. My attention had been called to a let-
ter signed by Vincent Collyer, who, I under-
stand, is a gentleman connected with onr sys-
tem of Indian affairs at this time, in which he
stated that he had waited until he had discov-
ered the details of what he denominated the
horrible massacre of the Piegan Indians; that
they were not in a warlike attitude; that they
were not on the war-path; that they were not
in arms or marching at all, but were in their
lodges; and that in mid-winter,when the small-
pox was carrying them off at the rate of a dozen
a day, they were assailed in this helpless con-
dition, and ninety women and fifty children
were slain, besides a number of old people
and non-combatants.
I say that that is a circumstance that calls
for the marked reprobation of this House. I
should be amazed, if anything could amaze
me, that any gentleman could be found here
to enter even a partial plea for such a mon-
strous transaction. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stevenson,] who has come to the rescue !
of those engaged in this barbarous line of con- I;
duct, cites the fact that the Indians in their j
warfare kill women and children. I suppose
he means by that that a race of barbarians, a
race of savages, unchristianized and uncivil-
ized, are to be our exemplars ; that we are to
turn Indians because the Indians set us an
example; that because they do wrong we are
to do wrong. Sir, we are of a higher type of
humanity. Our advantages have been greater
than theirs, and in our contact with them we
should set them an example of peace and good-
will rather than follow their example of blood-
shed and horror.
When this Administration came into power
I was gratified at one thing connected witli it.
that it declared a pacific and benevolent policy
toward the Indians. It selected from among
the Quakers men of integrity and character
and sent them among the Indians, in a spirit of
peace, to endeavor to render them peaceful in
their relations toward the Government. Now,
what a curious spectacle it will be to see the
President of the United States upon the one
hand welcoming his Indian agents in their
peaceful garments and broad-brims coming to
tell him what they have done as missionaries
of a gospel of peace and of a beneficent Gov-
ernment, and upon the other hand welcoming
this man, General Sheridan, stained with the
blood of innocent women and children! Let
gentlemen who sustain this Administration
explain this anomalous piece of conduct on
the part of the President; let them explain how
it comes to pass that on the one hand he estab-
lishes a pacific and benevolent and humane
policy toward the Indians, and upon the other
hand welcomes and sustains a man who strikes
in mid-winter at sick and dying women and
children, at people who were not at war but
who were at peace, according to the report of
his own officials of his own appointment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. It seems to me that the
debate is taking a wide latitude not warranted
by the part of the bill now under consider-
ation. We are discussing a mere formal amend-
mfent. If the question shall arise hereafter
whether or not it is proper to make appropri-
ations to carry out the treaties which the House
rejected last spring, why then a discussion on
that point may be in order. At present I must
beg of the committee that this mere formal
part of the bill may be passed over without a
discussion which has no relation to it.
I move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 46, noes 18.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Mercur re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the special order, being the bill (H. R.
No. 1169) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th June, 1871, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of the Bpecial
order all debate on page 2 of the bill be closed
in five minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the motion must be confined to
the pending paragraph.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order. It is not competent to close debate
except by paragraphs, unless under a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no object in merely
closing debate on the pending paragraph, and I
withdraw my motion.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his Secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed joint resolutions
and bills of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 34) to sell or
exchange the site ofthe custom-house in the city
of Nashville, Tennessee, that a more suitable
location may be obtained;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 133) for the re-
funding of hospital money collected of the
whaling bark Hamilton;
