2526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I am in
favor of this bill generally, but especially so
where it increases the duties on imports over
the present existing duties. In that respect I
differ entirely from my friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.] I claim to be a protectionist; and
while this bill is under consideration I will be
always found voting for an increase of the
duty upon every article which is manufactured
abroad and imported into this country to the
disadvantage of American industry ; and had I
been in Congress in 1812 I should have voted
for the protective tariff of that year, which in
its day was ample and satisfactory. Now,
would my friend l'rom Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
have voted for that tariff? The gentleman does
not answer, so I presume from the way he
argued yesterday, that had he been in Congress
at that time he would have voted for the tariff
of 1842. He may not know it; but perhaps
if he will look a little deeper into himself, and
reflect a little more on the subject, he might
find that he wants to be for a protective tariff,
and not for a tariff for revenue merely.
There is one thing I will say here: if we
enact this tariff into a law we will be doing
what the manufacturers and producers of the
country are asking us to do, and what the con-
sumers of the country are willing for us to do.
But I would have been belter satisfied if the
Committee of Ways and Means had not added
so many articles to the free list as they have.
I think that any gentleman who wants a tariff
for revenue, or who has the views of my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison',] might be satisfied
with this bill, with its long list of articles on
the free list, giving up too much to the anti-
protectionists, in my opinion, to the disadvan-
tage and the positive injury of those engaged
in the manufacture of American goods. 1
would also go further, and I hope that wo will
yet have an opportunity to do it. I would
enact a clause in this hill doing away with the
warehousing system. I would do more—and
perhaps the Committee of the Whole will do
it when they come to the tax bill—I would go
for the repeal of the income tax, now consid-
ered so inquisitorial; that tax which is felt as
so oppressive by many a man to-day all over
our broad land. Then, with this tariff bill
enacted, with an increase upon some things
upon which the committee has recommended
a reduction, with the repeal of the warehousing
system, with the relief that would be afforded
by a repeal of the income taxs and added to
them all a law permitting imported goods to
be sent immediately from the port of entry to
their place of destination and consumption, I
think our country would march on to its des-
tined greatness with greater rapidity.
[llere the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I renewed the amend-
ment merely for the purpose of replying to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.] Hav-
ing done so, I will now withdraw it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to reduce the
rate of duty to 35 per cent, ad valorem. I
merely wish to say that I suppose I am under-
stood as being opposed to every increase of duty.
As I have heretofore said, I do not think there
is anything in the present condition of the
country that requires or demands at the hands
of this House, or of Congress, an increased
duty upon any article whatever.
When I was up awhile ago I opposed the
increase of 5 cents per pound upon shirts,
drawers, and other articles, and I was also
opposed to the duty on corsets. I supposed in
both cases I was acting in behalfof the ladies of
this country. When I opposed the duty on
corsets, I certainly understood that my vener-
able friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
who has had a large experience on this sub-
ject, [laughter,] agreed with me that this tax
was oppressive and unjust to the ladies of the
country. And in my innocence, when I op-
posed the increase of 5 cents per pound on
" cotton shirts, drawers, and other articles,"
1 thought that was also an attempt to increase
 the duty upon articles worn by the ladies? of the
country. That was the impression I enter-
tained in my juvenile innocence. But my an-
cient friend from New York gets up and tells
the House and the country that the ladies do
not use these nameless articles, ''shirts and
drawers," or "other articles" of any kind,
1' knit or woven.'' ^Laughter. ]
Now, I am always glad to be corrected by
the gentleman from New York. But on this
point I think he is, notwithstanding his exten-
sive experience in the matter, mistaken. I
believe that both these duties are unjust, not
only to the ladies, hut to all classes of people,
men, women, and children. Both these duties
contemplate an increase of taxation, which is
already so oppressive that the whole country is
crying out. I do not think this Congress will
find itself justified by the common sentiment
of the country in any increase of our tariff
duties. The universal demand all over the
country i3 in favor of a reduction of taxes.
Hie revenues of the Government are at this
time $100,000,000 per annum in excess of the
expenditures. The people of the country, who
have been oppressed by taxation and embar-
rassed in their business by high duties, are
demandinga reduction of their burdens. Under
these circumstances I do not see how any gen-
tleman on this floor can feel justified in voting
for an increase of duties upon any articles
whatever. The sentiment of the country is in
favor of a reduction, not an increase of the
taxes which are oppressing the people.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I desire to give notice
that I shall have to call gentlemen to order if
they continue to indulge in this general debate.
The question now pending is with reference to
increasing the duty on lace beyond what the
Committee of Ways and Means propose.
Mr. MAYNATU). I move to amend the
amendment by inserting "50" instead of
"35." 1 hope the committee will bear in
mind that the article we are discussing is an
article of luxury, an article which is used only
by wealthy people, or at least by people who
have means to expend upon that which is no
part of the necessaries of life. Lace, as I
understand, is not an article of necessity. It
is neither food nor clothing. It is an article
of ornament used by those who have the
means to invest in articles of ornament; and
if there are any articles which will bear a duty
this certainly is one of them. By looking at
the table of imports I find that in 1807 the cot-
ton laces imported into this country amounted
to over $2,000,000 ; in 1868 the amount was
a little less than §2,000,000; and in I860,
$2,135,230 05.
The manufacture of laces is an industry which
has sprung up in this country. The persons
engaged in it are those who have not large cap-
ital, who have nothing but their own skill and
sufficient money to buy the thread with which
to work. A great many women coming here
from abroad, who have in their own country
acquired skill in this kind of work, avail them-
selves of that skill to make a livelihood. A
great many small, delicate industries involving
this class of labor have sprung up in this coun-
try; and this is a class of labor which, as 1 re-
marked yesterday with respect to other branches
of labor, we ought not to discourage. Women
emigrating to this country from Germany, from
France, and in a great many instances from the
north of Ireland, pursue here this delicate work
to which they have been trained; and I submit
that they ought to be encouraged by our legis-
lation. I am surprised to hear an economical
gentleman, a man who denounces all kinds of
extravagance and high living, who is in favor
of protecting the interests of the great body
of the population, propose to reduce a tax or a
duty, whichever he may choose to call it, upon
such an article as this. I trust the amendment
will prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Mayn'Aim's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to strike out "40"
and insert "45;" or rather I propose an in-
crease of 5 per ccnt. Now, Mr.Chairman, I
think on this kind of luxury, of which we import
$'2,000,000, and which we are just beginning to
manufacture in this country, we ought to have
the right to have 5 per cent, ad valorem pro-
tection. This' committee have also fixed the
duty on cottou thread, which we are obliged to
import here, at 40 per cent. All I ask is to
fix this duty at 45 per cent., so as to give the
American manufacturer the benefit of a 5 per
cent, protection. The duty reported by the
committee on lace shawls and lace scarfs im-
ported is 40 per cent. I think the Committee
of Ways and Means ought at least to concede a •
protection of 5 per cent, upon the raw material
in favor of those who are seeking to establish a
new manufacture in this country.
The question recurred on Mr. Kellogg's
amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes twenty, noes not counted.
No further count being asked, the amend-
ment was rej#cted.
Mr. MARSHALL, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
On lace shawls and laoo scarfs, of cotton or flax, or
cotton and flax, and on all lace articles of the same
materials wliero lace is the material of chief value,
prepared by tho neodlo, either by maohine or by
hand, 45 per cent, ad valorem,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish the
committee to understand, and I presume the
Committee of Ways and Means will assent to
what I say, the rate of duty on these articles in
this paragraph is 30 per cent, aclvalorem. They
now propose to make them bear a duty at the
rate of 45 per cent, ad valorem.
The Clerk read the next paragraph of the
bill, as follows:
On all manufactures of cotton, or of cotton mixed
with any other material or materials, not otherwise
provided for, 33 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, on page 8, line one
hundred and sixty-two, after the word " other-
wise" to insert the word "herein."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts I move
to insert after the word "valorem," in line one
hundred and sixty-three, the following:
Provided, Cotton webbing, galoons, and laee,
whether made of elastic or not, used in tho manu-
facture of shoes or other covering for the feet, shall
pay a duty of 5 cents per pound only.
I desire the attention of the committee to
this amendment. Cotton webbing and elastic
laee with which shoes are bound are used largely
in tho manufacture of cheap shoes, and espe-
cially in the manufacture of cheap shoes for
women's wear. This elastic is put in, as every-
body knows, with a gore, so as to enable the
shoe to be put on without tying. Those elas-
tics are made in this country to a small extent.
You will see there is a large rise on them in this
tariff. As they go into the consumption of
everybody in the country we are in fact levy-
ing a great burden of taxation on the laboring
class of the people. These shoes are made
very 1 argely in the district I represent. We are
now being run down in that business by works
established in Canada, at Montreal, where there
are large manufactures, and where they can
get that class of goods.
The amendment I offer is in favor of the
consumer as well as of the manufacturer.
The manufacturer must charge in his shoes,
of course, this article, whatever it costs him.
What he has to pay for it the consumer has
to pay back to him Not only do we lose that,
but, we are driving out from this country this
trade mto the neighboring country of Canada.
It will not make as much as one half, nay, not
as much as one quarter in the revenue, as it
protects the consumer and the manufacturer.
1 trust we may have this reduced. Put on a
specific duty of 5 cents per pound and leave
off the 35 per cent, ad valorem. 1 am speaking
