4414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
sinking of the United States steamer Oneida
by the British ship Bombay in the harbor of
Yokohama, Japan, asking Congress to take
steps to ascertain what fault was committed on
the part of the officer of the British vessel, and
also the meaning of the words of the American
captain at the time of the sinking of the vessel,
as follows: "I asked for more boats, and they
were not allowed me." I move the reference
of this resolution to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I also present a resolution of
the Legislature of California, in relation to the
bill introduced by Mr. Julian in the House of
Representatives in regard to the method of des-
ignating swamp lands, asking that no action be
taken by Congress on the subject that will in-
terfere with the vested rights of persons claim-
ing and owning such lands. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Public Lands, and
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I present another resolution,
passed by the Legislature of California some
time ago, asking Congress to take favorable
action immediately upon the establishment of
a line of mail steamships between San Fran-
cisco and Melbourne, Australia. This resolu-
tion instructs the Senators and requests the
Representatives from that State to give atten-
tion to this matter without delay. The res-
olution has but just now arrived, though it was
passed by the Legislature of that State a month
or two ago. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I present another resolution
of the Legislature of California relative to the
subject of the importation of Chinese females,
and asking that some action be taken by Con-
gress to prevent the importation of Chinese
females of immoral character, and that action
of Congress be had requiring a passport from
the American consuls in the ports of China to
be given to all females of the Chinese race
who leave those ports. I move that the res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I also present a joint resolution
of the Legislature of California, asking an ap-
propriation of $350,000 to improve the harbor
at Wilmington, in the southern part of the
State of California. This, it will be remem-
bered, is the sea-port of Los Angeles, from
which are exported nearly all the products that
are exported from the southern part of Cali-
fornia, and into which all the' supplies for that
part of the State are landed. The harbor is
receiving damage at present, and there is great
necessity that some repairs or provisions for
preserving the harbor be made there. The
facts are fully set forth in this resolution. I
move that it be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of
the Board of State Commissioners of Public
Charities of the State of New York, a board
established in 1861, representing the eight
judicial districts in the State, praying for the
repeal of the existing legacy and succession
.tax. I move the reference of the petition to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. 1 also present the petition
of a large number of importing merchants of
the city of New York, relative to the seizure
of books, papers, and merchandise, as now
ju-acticed under the act of March 2,1867. They
ask that that act may be repealed, as also the
scct ion dividing a part of such proceeds Detween
ceriain revenue officers, and that the whole of
such proceeds be received into the Treasury of
the United States. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present the petition
of a large number of umbrella manufacturers
in the city of New York, who petition for relief
from the present, as they allege, unjust discrim-
ination against them, in that the present tariff
on alpaca umbrellas is fifty per cent, duty,
while the duty on alpaca cloth is only thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem. I move the ref-
erence of this petition to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of John
V. Crutz, John W. Motley, William S. Hiser,
William B. Young, William A. Wilson, Philip
B. Williams, T. J. Iiendley, Ezekiel S. Talley,
and Abraham D. Burnett, all of Virginia, pray-
ing for the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Virginia, praying for the removal of the polit-
ical disabilities imposed on James Jennings and
Abraham D. Burnett; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the petition of um-
brella manufacturers of Philadelphia, calling
attention to the discrimination made against
them under the present tariff, from the fact that
alpaca umbrellas are admitted at fifty per cent,
duty, while the alpaca of which they are manu-
factured pays thirty-five per cent, ad valorem
and fifty cents per pound weight, making a
duty of eighty-five per cent. They allege that
this maybe remedied by levying on umbrellas
imported from abroad no lower rate of duty
than that imposed on the alpaca piece goods.
1 move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions of
Henry J. Anthony, W. B. Lawrence, William
Douglass Anderson, Priestly E. Willis, and
Rowan Paff'ord, of South Carolina, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present a memorial signed
by the mayor of this city and by the city coun-
cil and aldermen, asking that before Congress
shall adjourn the bill to pave Pennsylvania
avenue may be passed, and also the bill to
ereet a new jail, the bill to improve the river
channel, and the bill to complete the Wash-
ington aqueduct, now pending before Congress.
The bill to pave Pennsylvania avenue has passed
the Senate. The other bills are not before the
Senate. If they are before the House we may
wait until they come here. I therefore move
that the memorial be printed, and lie on the
table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
Ann Gleeson, of Jackson, Louisiana, praying
compensation for certain cotton seized by
United States troops in Louisiana in the year
18G3; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
the New Mexico Mining Company and others,
remonstrating against the extension of the
chartered rights of the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company, and praying the adoption
of such measures as will secure the speedy
construction of a railroad to the Territory of
New Mexico ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a letter
of the Cherokee delegation of Indians, trans-
mitting an address of the grand international
council of Indians inhabiting the Indian terri-
tory, adopted on the 4tli instant, asking a strict
observance of treaty stipulations on the part
of the United States ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
REPORTS or COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order to ask for the
consideration of a bill now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, by unani-
mous consent; but the morning business is not
yet concluded. If there are no further peti-
tion, reports of committees are next in order,
Mr. BAYARD. There is a bill on the Cal-
endar entitled "A bill (S. No. 843) to' confirm
the title of the heirs of Gervacio Nolan, de-
ceased, to certain lands in the Territory of
Colorado," which has been reported favorably
by the Committee on Private Land Claims. I
think it will take but a minute to act upon
it, and I should like to have it taken up and
disposed of now.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not interfere with
the Senator's motion as soon as Senate resolu-
tions are disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are next in order.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 886) authorizing the Secretary oftheTreas-
ury to settle the accounts of Colonel James F.
Jaquess, have had the same under considera-
tion, and have directed me to report it back,
with the recommendation that it pass, with an
amendment, filling up a blank in the bill, and
accompanied bya written report and testimony,
which the committee ask may be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report and
the testimony will be ordered to be printed, and
the bill will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was recommitted the bill
(H. R. No. 1669) for the relief of Harriet E.
Parker, have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment and recommend its passage.
I should tike to have it go on the Calendar of
to-day's business from the Committee on Com-
merce. It is a short bill.
The V1CEPRESIDENT. That will depend
upon the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 987J to renew a certain grant of land to
the State of Alabama, reported it without
amendment, and gave notice that to-morrow
he \vould present a written report in connection
with the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1828) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal "year ending June 30,
1871, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, submitted an amendment, in-
tended to be proposed by the committee to the
bill (S. No. 115) relating to telegraphic com-
munication between the United States and
foreign countries; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the same committee,
submitted an amendment, intended to be pro-
posed to the bill (H. R. No. 1604) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 989) to amend an act passed 2d of March,
1831, entitled "An act allowing the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into Wheeling,
Vicksburg, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Nashville, and Natchez to be secured and paid
at those places;" whiclrwas read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 218) authorizing the First
National Bank of Fort Smith, Arkansas, to
change its location and name; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed,
