1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to the present
consideration of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will go upon the Calen-
dar.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. McCREERY. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 1041. ]
Mr. SUMNER. There is an obvious reason
why that bill should not be proceeded with now.
Tlio chairman of the Committee on Disabili-
ties is not in his seat; and I know from some-
thing I heard him say yesterday evening that
he wishes to be present when this bill is
called up.
Mr. McCREERY. Precisely, if it please
the Senator from Massachusetts; but the gen-
tleman from whom I expect the strongest oppo-
sition is in his seat, and if he is inclined to
discuss the bill at all the probability is that
the chairman of the select Committee on the
Removal of Disabilities will come into the
Chamber before the conclusion of the debate.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident from what
was said yesterday that the bill has never been
reported on.
Mr. McCREERY. I will make a statement
of facts which are true, and for the truth of
which I will appeal to the Senator sitting on
my left, a member of that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky that on a
motion to proceed to the consideration of a
bill, which can be agreed to by a majority, the
merits of the subject cannot be debated.
Mr. McCREERY. I do not wish to discuss
the merits now. I expect to discuss the merits,
if any discussion is had, on the bill; but I ask
for the present consideration of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I .shall vote against pro-
ceeding with this bill. And without going into
its merits at all, I remind the Senate that the
chairman of the committee having this subject
in charge is not in his seat; that I understand
from him that this bill has never been before
the committee; that it concerns persons who
at this moment are holding office in violation
of law 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that is debating the merits.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I am not going into
the merits. I am only saying why we should
not proceed with the bill now ; that is all. I
hope we shall not proceed with it now.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
entertained by the Chair, and can be decided by
a majority vote without debate on the merits.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know how I
shall vote on the bill of the Senator from Ken-
tucky; but the Senator from Kentucky made
an appeal to the Senate yesterday to get up his
bill, and made a statement, and I do not feel
that I can vote against allowing him to get up
the bill. I think the Senate ought, by unani-
mous consent, to allow him to get up his bill,
or at any rate to do it by vote. Let him bring
his bill up, and then we shall see what it is.
The Senator told us, as we all know to be true,
that he has not been troublesome in the Sen-
ate and has never asked to bring up a bill, and
1 think the Senate should now allow him to
bring his bill before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from lvontucky.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1041) to relieve, cer-
tain persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
MiH'isdment of the Constitution of the United
S'aies, and for other purposes.
The Chief Cletk read the bill.
Mr. McCREERY. I wish to suggest a cou-
ple of amendments to the bill. In the fifteenth
line the name " Laudon Carter" should be
" Landon Carter.''
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be cor-
rected, being a clerical error.
Mr. McCREERY. In line twenty-eight the
name "JohnT. Hazelieg" should be "JohnT.
Ilazelbrig.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is also a
clerical error, and will be corrected.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky whether the name of John
Rodman is in this bill ?
Mr. McCREERY. If it is not it ought to be.
Mr. HOWARD. I know that gentleman
very well.
Mr. McCREERY. Yes, sir; "John Rod-
man, Franklin county,'' is in the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Clerk please
read it?
Mr. McCREERY. It is in line forty-two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That name is in
the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask the Senator,
also, who is the Mr. McCreary, whose name is
in the bill?
Mr. McCREERY. J. B. McCreary is a
cousin of mine, and resides in Madison county,
Kentucky. He is a young man ol' as much
intelligence and talent as any I know of—a
moral, upright gentleman.
Mr. HOWARD. The reason I inquire is.
that a person of that name was in Canada and
was acting under the direction of Jacob Thomp-
son during the war, and he left a very sad
record behind him.
Mr. McCREERY. J. B. McCreary has no
sad record, no record that he or any relation
or friend of his need be ashamed of. I know
him well. He is a young man of moral, up-
right deportment in society, and a man of
standing and character.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that this Mr. McCreary was not in
Canada under Thompson?
Mr. McCREERY. I do not think he ever
was. I know him very well, though we live
in different portions of the State. I never
heard of his being in Canada. I am certain
of one thing, and I state it on this floor, that
J. B. McCreary has no bad record. He took
part m the rebellion, or he would not be here
as a petitioner; but beyond that no man on
this floor can point out a flaw in bis character.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what the
record of this particular man maybe; but I
know that the person whom I mentioned as
being in Canada and acting under Jacob
Thompson was connected with the schemes of
burning northern towns and cities, and scat-
tering pestilence, and doing all sorts of mis-
chief along the frontier. lie was the confiden-
tial friend and secretary of Thompson himself.
Mr. McCREERY. If anything dishonor-
able can be charged to that McCreary 1 am
satisfied that James B. McCreary is not that
man.
Mr. D RA K E. When this bill was introduced
I put the question to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky whether any of the parties named in
the bill had been holding office in the State of
Kentucky in violation of the terms of the four-
teenth articleofamendmenttothe Constitution
of the United States, and the Senator declined
to answer the question, which is with me, aside
from information received otherwise, conclu-
sive evidence that this bill does contain the
names of men who, in utter and contemptuous
defiance of the fourteenth article of amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, have
been holding office m the State of Kentucky,
and never presented their petitions here for the
removal of their political disabilities until the
enforcement law was passed, and they expected
then to find the hand of the Government put
upon them; and then it will be remembered
that the Senator from Kentucky became im-
mediately the vehicle through which suddenly
numerous petitions from Kcntnckians, to be
relieved of llteir political disabilities, were pre-
sented to tne Senate.
Now. Mr. President, I say that I never will
vote to remove the political disabilities of'any
man who has held office in defiance of that
amendment until Congress enacted a law that
wonld put the hand of the Government-upon
him ;_ and, sir, I do not expect that two thirds
of this Senate can be tound to vote to remove
the political disabilities of any such man, most
especially any such man in the State of Ken-
tucky, the most defiant of all the States in the
Union, not excepting the worst of them that
actually went into the rebellion. There is to-
day, in my judgment, more of the spirit of the
rebellion abidingin the State of Kentucky than
there is in any two of the States that actually
wont into the rebellion ; and I do not propose
to be found here voting to minister to that rebel
spirit in that State.
Beyond all this, Mr. President, I was in-
formed yesterday by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities
that the names of the men named in this bill
had all been before that committee, and the
committee had refused to report in favor of
any one of them ; and now the Senator from
Kentucky, in despite of that action' of the com-
mittee, brings in a bill with all the-rejected
names from Kentucky which that committee
refused to recommend for the favorable con-
sideration of Congress, and asks the Senate by
a two-thirds vote to relieve them; and among
them are men—how many I do not know, the
Senator from Kentucky would not, answer how
many of them there are—that have held office
in contemptuous defiance of the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. President, I never will vote for this
bill.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President, I am glad
that it is entirely within my power to answer
every position taken by the Senator from Mis-
souri. While I did expect some degree of
opposition from that honorable member, I did
not expect that he would commit an assault
upon the State of Kentucky. As one of the
Senators from that State I am proud to say
that she needs no defense at my hands. Ken-
tucky will bear his taunts and assaults as she
may, but she would not thank one of her Sen-
ators to rise on this floor and attempt her
defense.
The gentleman says that not one of these
names is reported by the committee. I think
1 can read about twenty names 
Mr. DRAKE. I have been so informed.
Mr. McCREERY. Well, sir, commencing
on page 21 of the bill reported by the commit-
tee, and running on to page 23, you will find a
goodly number of them ; you will find in that
general bill thirty-three of these names. Then
you will find in a bill reported by the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] on the 15th day
of April, forty-three names from Kentucky.
These are the facts in regard to this matter,
and here are the bills.
Mr. DRAKE. Forty-three of the names in
this bill ?
Mr. McCREERY. Forty-three names from
Kentucky in the bill reported by the Senator
from Mississippi on the 15th of April last.
Mr. DRAKE. Are they in this bill?
Mr, McCREERY. No, sir ; they are not all
in this bill; but thirty-three of those names are
in this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. And are the names that are
in those two bills included in this bill now
before the Senate?
Mr. McCREERY. Every one except one
or two whose disabilities have been removed
before. I have been impelled by other causes
than those the gentleman ascribes to me in
bringing up this bill at this time. The bill
reported by the committee is of such length
that I have been under the apprehension that
the Senate might never reach it.
The gentleman says I was very industrious
in presenting petitions after tho enactment of
the enforcement bill. Sir, forty-three of these
names had been reported before the passage
of that law. and came here within less than
