1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tions are concerned? These conditions are
new: there' is no reciprocity in regard to these
conditions. Therefore, if we attempt to en-
force-them on our side, the lines must be sus-
pended until they consent by law to enforce
them on that side.
. Mr. DAVIS. - Which conditions ?
Mr. MORTON. The conditions of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator from
Indiana does not bear in mind the terms of the
bill. The proviso to which he has called atten-
tion, that the privileges of this act shall not be
enjoyed by any company, &c., refers to these
words, " the consent of Congressisherebygiven
to the laying and maintaining of telegraphic or
magnetic lines or cables between the United
States and foreign countries," &c., i mmediately
preceding the proviso. There is no question
about the rules and regulations. It is not
necessary that the Canadian Government or
the British Government should give their con-
sent to these rules and regulations. There is
no necessity for any reciprocal legislation of
Canada in order to put this bill in motion.
Mr. DAVIS. The meaning of the bill as
expressed by the Senator from Massachusetts
is my comprehension of it.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; I have not any
doubt about it.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not suppose the
amendment I introduced would meet the en-
tire concurrence of the committee or of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I examined the
bill with some care when it was reported, and
I thought it entirely correct, operating as it
then did prospectively, applying to all cables
which should be laid after its passage. In that
shape I can see no objection to it now ; but the
amendment of theSenatorfrom Massachusetts,
in trying to meet the case of the Freneh cable,
makes all the provisions of this bill retroactive.
• Heharnessesin existing corporations that have
come into operation underexisting laws. While
it might be very desirable that a law like this
should have been in operation at the time those
various companies were organized and their
cables laid, still it had not then been enacted,
and I do not know how you are to put a har-
ness on them which shall deprive them of rights
which they have under your previous laws.
Mr. President, the provisions of this bill
are, as I think, mostdesirable and most admir-
able as provisions of law for all companies
organized after its passage to construct ocean
cables; but for the life of me I cannot see how
you can enforce it on companies organized
before its passage if it conflicts with their rights.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow meto ask my friend,
does he doubt the power of Congress over, for
instance, the Florida cable; for that is the only
one that is practically in question?
Mr. POMEROY. This applies to them all.
Mr. SUMNER. The Florida cable is the
only one which has been laid under any exist-
ing act of Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not doubt the au-
thority of Congress, if it chooses to pay the
damage, of doing anything.
Mr. SUMNBK. But can there be any dam-
age? Will the Senator be good enough to look
at the five conditions and see if any detriment
can spring out of them? They are all benefi-
cent.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts to one
of these provisions and letliirn answer me how
he can enforce it.
Mr. SUMNER.. I will.
Mr. POMEROY. It is the last clause of the
second condition. That condition is, " the
United States Government shall at all times be
entitled to the use of any such line or cable,"
&e., and then the last clause says " and sueh
messages shall be entitled to take precedence
of all other messages.'" I should like to know
how you can make a message from the Govern-
ment of this country take precedence of a mes-
sage from the Government of some other
country by any law you can enact. What au-
thority have we to say that the messages from
the Government of this country shall have pre-
cedence over those of England or France, or
Canada even?
Mr. SUMNER. Messages that go from this
country. I hope we have that power.
Mr. POMEROY. It does not say messages
that go from this country; it says "such mes-
sages;" that is, the messages from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, any messages
offered by our Government to the line. We
have a right under this provision to a tele-
graphic operator of our own, and we say all
such messages shall take precedence over all
others. Where is the authority for that?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator understands
perfectly well that an act of Congress cannot
operate in a foreign country.
Mr. POMEROY. No; but it is controlling
this line.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it is eon-
trolling the line. It controls the line within
the jurisdiction of the United States, not out-
side of that jurisdiction. Its telegraphic oper-
ator, for instance, in Paris will be subject to
French law, and under this bill the telegraphic
operator within the jurisdiction of the United
States will be subject to the law of Congress;
and should it not be so? Will the Senator from
Kansas say that a foreign Government may
enter within our jurisdiction and require its
messages to go before those of our Govern-
ment? Certainly not. The provision is sim-
ply, "and such messages shall be entitled to
take precedence of all other messages." Is it
not right? Should it be otherwise? Should
not the Government of the United States, if it
has occasion to use these cable telegraphs, be
able to say, "Our message shall go first?"
You understand well it cannot say that in
France; it cannot say that in England; but in
the United States it can say it.
Mr. POMEROY. No one better than the
Senator from Massachusetts understands that
a line or cable of this kind is one and indivis-
ible. It is a line at both ends, and the two
operators are working in harmony with each
other. The operator in England may have a
message from the Government of England and
he notifies the operator on this side who comes
within the law of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. The operator on this side says that
message cannot be received because he has
one from this Government, but the operator
on the other side replies, " I have one from
iny Government." " Well," the operator on
this side says, '1 the law requires that ours shall
be sent first." Now, I should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts how he is going
to enforce this statute?
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator whether he wishes to abandon the
rights of his own country in his country?
Mr. POMEROY. Not a bit of it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is what he proposes
to. do.
Mr. POMEROY. I only referred to this to
show the difficulty the Senator would have in
enforcing the provisions of this act.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does not the Senator from
Kansas know that the two currents pass each
other without interruption? [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. No_, sir, I do not. My
attention was called to this subject by the mes-
sage of the President of the United States. The
President recited in his annual message to the
two Houses of Congress the correspondence he
had had with the French cable company, and
in a most unmistakable manner gave us to un-
derstand that they had laid their cable on our
i soil without complying with the conditions
i which had been required of them, and he dis-
tinctly suggested to us that there should be
some remedy.
Now, I am not going to quarrel with the
provisions of the bill. As I have said, if they
were only to operate prospectively I should
not object to it, nor should I object to its being
made to hit the French cable; but when it is
i made to apply to all others, those which are
' now existingunderpreviouslegislation, I think
it objectionable. The amendment strikes at
the case of the French cable, and nothing else,
because that is the alarming case before us.
That company have undertaken without regard
to the conditions imposed by the President to
land and operate a cable in this country on our
soil; and my amendment proposes, as they
have not complied with wbat the President
required, that the cable shall be taken up until
they do. It is known to the President, I have
no doubt—it is known to Senators, at any rate
that the company and the emperor of France
both refuse to make any reciprocity, and that
the emperor of France within the last fourteen
days has signified most unmistakably that it
is a matter.with the company and not with the
Government, and that he will not interfere.
With that knowledge before U3 are we going
to pass over it by only requiring of the French
cable company what we require of all others?
I think the French cable <jn this- soil should be
legislated upon in ah entirely different manner
from others. The other companies got their
rights here; the others were organized under
our laws, and they got the right to land before
they landed their cables, and complied with all
the conditions we required at that time. There
is no complaint about them. The President has
not called our attention to them; but he has to
the French cable company. 'We are called
upon especially to act in that regard; and my
amendment only goes to this extent: that the
President of the United States shall cause that
cable to be taken up so far as its landing on
our shores is concerned, and that it shall so
remain until some concession from France is
had giving us reciprocity—giving us the same
rights that we accord to them. If those rights
are never conceded, then I propose that they
shall never land. The amendment I have
offered goes to this extent, no further. . It hits
the French cable case; and then to the bill as
it came from the committee, applying to ali
companies that "may hereafter be organized. I
see no objection.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, when
the Senator from Massachusetts introduced his
bill a few days since I understood him in ex-
plaining it to say that it referred to the future
and was not retroactive in its provisions. Tnis
morning I understand that it covers all com-
panies established heretofore.
Mr. SUMNER. When I called it up on the
first or second day of the session I moved tin =
amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am aware of that.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to say that is
quite true, and yet nothing is more noticeable
here than the shifting grounds upon which this
amendment is put. When the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts offered it I called
attention to its now conceded effect, and so
impressed was the Senatorfrom Massachusetts
with that objection that he rose instantly and
denied thatit had that effect, saying that section
two exempted from its operation existing cor-
porations and was put there for that purpose.
Now, when it turns out by general concession
that it does speak backward and does impose
new conditions upon these existing parties and
deprive them of existing rights, the Senator
turns around upon a broad doctrine ofjustifica*
tion and says, " Yes, accepting that interpreta-
tion, which before^ denied, I undertake to argue
it upon that ground." Now, it is fair that we
should understand that there has been an
entire revolution here in the real bearings of
the question.
Mr. PATTERSON. I understand the mat-
ter _as the Senator from New York has just ex-
plained it. When the bill came up a day or two
since, the Senator from Massachusetts stated
that is was not retroactive, that it looked to
the future and the future only, and said that
the provisions of the second section of the bill
guarded it from any retroactive action. Now
it this amendment is to make the bill apply to
