1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3471
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment. Many years ago, and
not a great mauy either, the price of potatoes
in Maine and Massachusetts was 15 cents a
bushel. When I was at college in Maine I
happened to know that potatoes were a shil-
ling a bushel always in the fall. Now, having
n protection of over 100 per cent, on those j
prices, I agree that they are sometimes as high i
as 40 and 50 cents, at times when they should 1
be only 12 or 15cents. The potato is the food '
of the poor man, the mainstay of the p6or
man, and I am not for raising the duty upon ;
that article of food. I do notyield to the argu-
ment that we are to put on this duty as a retal-
iatory measure against New Brunswick, Nova
Scotia, Prince Edward Island, and New-
foundland because of their course during the
war. No raids came from there. No confed-
erate cruiser could ever enter a port at Prince
Edward Island, where we get a very large
proportion of our potatoes from, or of New-
foundland. Outside of the British port of
Halifax, where the British army and navy have
their stations, the people of Nova Scotia sym- |
pathized with us. Our enemies were the Cana- ;
dians, the Dominion; and Nova Scotia is now |
trying to get out of the Dominion, and New-
foundland and Prince Edward Island have
both refused ever to join it.
But, sir, I leave that wholly outside, as I do
the idea that Boston "sucks" anything of
Maine. Why, sir, a father in Maine says to
his son, "You have got a pretty poor inherit-
ance here, my boy, but if you will only leave
here and go down to Massachusetts there lie
riches for you to enjoy." That is the instruc-
tion that every man in Maine gives to his sons,
and they come down into Massachusetts, and
grow fat aad rich, and Maine men are so plenty
in Massachusetts that it was only the other
day that the graduates from a Maine college
held their annual meeting in Boston, because
more of them resided there than could be found
at home. So that I by no means agree to that
argument. Bat I am quite serious on the ques-
tion of this immense protection on potatoes,
for upon the actual cost of the article it is
nearly 100 per cent.
When my friend from Maine [Mr. Peters]
rose and moved to increase the proposed duty
on potatoes, I was about to rise and move to
decrease the rate to 10 cents per bushel. Sir,
the potato enters into all our labor; it goes
into all our manufactures; it is of interest
to the working man and working woman of
New England. We go to the provinces for
our potatoes, but not for our cereals. We do
not raise in New England enough of this staple
article of the food of the poor man. Maine
doesnot raise near enough of this article forour
use; she will not do it; she has more profita-
ble work in her lumber forests; and I hope
that this Congress will inaugurate measures to
give her more profitable work in her ship-yards
than she has in raising potatoes. The only
crop of Maine that is of any profit is that of
hay, for I .am quite sure that 1 have seen the
wharves of Boston at certain seasons of the
year covered with the pressed hay of Maine. I
had supposed that hay was the most valuable
crop of the State of Maine. And I think if
my ffiend from Maine [Mr. Peters] will exam-
iue the statistics of his State he will find that
hay is the most valuable crop of Maine. It
may be a failure in some years, but not often.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the duty 16 cents
per bushel. We have just adopted an amend-
ment increasing the duty on oranges for the
benefit of Florida. I do not see why we should
not benefit the State of Maine as well as Flor-
, ida. In Maine the potato is their all. They
raise potatoes in Maine; they raise oranges in
Florida. Let us serve them all alike. -
By this bill we have given protection to every
conceivable manufacture and mechanical in-
dustry. Now, when we have reached that por-
tion of this bill in which the State of Maine
is interested, that grand old State, lying away
up there in the northeastern portion of this
Union, comes here askiiig for a little protection
upon her potatoes, and we find the city of Bos-
ton coming in here and resisting it, which is
the most surprising part of it.? As the gentle-
man from the Bangor district [Mr. Peters]
says, this potato interest is the only interest,
or at all events it is the first interest we have
reached in this bill which affects the people
of the State of Maine. The gentleman from ;
Maine says potatoes are used by the poor; that !
they are the food of the poor. Well, we are
all for protecting the interests the poor man. i
The poor man plants potatoes, the poor man
hoes potatoes, the poor man digs potatoes, and
sometimes he raises mighty poor crous of them.
Mr. CREBS. And on very poor land, too.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was in the State
of Maine some two years since and traveled
about a little with my friend from Bangor,
[Mr. Peters.] I had an opportunity of test-
ing the potatoes of Maine, and I cheerfully
bear testimony on this floor to the quality of
Maine potatoes; they are the best 1 ever ate.
Now, let us be a little generous and give pro-
tection to the potatoes, which are the oranges
of Maine, as we have given protection to the
oranges of Florida. And when any of you
members of this House visit the State of
Maine my able friend from that State will take
you to the house of some farmer in his district,
who will set before you some of these huge,
mealy potatoes, which make the mouth of a
western man water merely to think of them,
although there is no water in the potatoes.
And then he will point with pride to them as
one article of the glorious State of Maine which
is protected by the legislation of Congress. I
am for the potato.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth.] I recollect very well, with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
when potatoes could be purchased in Maine
for 15 cents per bushel; but the crops of po-
tatoes of that day were not like the crops of
potatoes of to-day. Five bushels of potatoes
could then be raised where one is raised now.
The labor expended by the farmer in cultivat-
ing a bushel of potatoes and getting it to Ban-
gor pointed toward Massachusetts to be sucked
in by that maelstrom which absorbs all the
labor, all the property, all the profits of Maine
to enrich Boston and its environs—-the actual
cost of the labor necessary to raise a bushel
of potatoes, if you allow the farmer but 25
cents a day for the sweat of his brow, is 40
cents.
I know that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] has taken some interest in
one of the lower provinces, and has introduced
measures looking to reciprocity. I know the
argument has been used before the Committee
of WayS and Means that the only way to bring
in the shore or maritime provinces is by this
moderate system of taxation upon their pro-
ductions. Now, I tell gentlemen that those
provinces cannot be brought in in this way.
They must have our markets. They pay us
now $7,000,000of revenue. Without our mar-
kets for their productions they must die.
Mr. KELLEY. That is true.
Mr. PETERS. The only question is whether
they shall enjoy our markets with taxation or
without taxation; for if they are to have our
markets with taxation, then the result is annex-
ation. But just as long as we feed them, just as
long as we toll them, just as long as we give
them the privilege of bringing the products of
their untaxed labor in competition with the
products of our taxed labor, they will hold off.
Why, sir, before the reciprocity treaty of 1856
the argument was 
Mr. NIBLACIC. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. PETERS. I have no time to yield to
the gentleman. Isee his facetious countenance
and f know that some fun would come if I
would yield to him; but he must sit down for
the present. [Laughter.] In 1856 the argu-
ment was, "If. we make the treaty with the
provinces it will bring about annexation and
while annexation was talked of the home Gov-
ernment was declared willing to let them go
and become a part of our great and grand
national American family. From the very
moment we gave them the privileges of the
reciprocity treaty not a word more was heard
about annexation until the present time. To-
day you hear all through the provinces that
same cry. Some of them are ready to wheel
in. Are you now going to let thern get back
reciprocity in this nibbling way? Are you going
to let them import at low rates their large pro-
duction of potatoes (because they raise them
in immense quantities) and afterward give them
the same privilege with reference to lumber
and other articles in which my constituents are
interested ?
A Member. And coal.
Mr. PETERS. I think the duty on coal is
too high. I am willing to feed them on coal.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ICELLEY. Why feed them on either
coal or potatoes? [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butleb] says that Maine can-
not supply Boston with potatoes. Why, sir,
she can wersupply it. She can raise ten
times more potatoes than she now raises if you
will give her proper protection against the
Canadian laborers, who pay no taxes, who sup-
port no schools, who go to no churches, and I
might almost say who wear no clothes, for
of all the mean-looking men I ever saw on the
face of the earth, even in the streets of Bos-
ton, these Nova Scotians whom I have seen
on some of the coasters are the meanest. Are
you going to put the farmer of Maine on a level
with such people? -
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yet you
Want to annex them.
Mr. PETERS. Yes, I am in favor of bring-
ing them in and improving them. Let Massa-
chusetts suck them into her maelstrom. She
has sucked from Maine almost our very life-
blood. She sucks away even our population,
and among them she took the honorable gen-
tleman [Mr. Butler] from one of our colleges,
and made him her boasted and best lawyer.
She is a terrible sucker. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I renew it. Mr. Chairman, it
is very evident that the potato interest, whether
of the State of Maine or elsewhere, unless per-
haps that of the province of New Brunswick,
was not represented before the Committee of
Ways and Means. The potato interest of
Maine is not very important so far as its mag-
nitude is concerned. It is nothing compared
with the great interests which have come berfe
and stayed here during the session, which have
made atmospheres about the Committee of
Ways and Means and about the House and about
this Capitol. But it is an interest which is of
some vitality to those engaged in raising this
product of the earth. In one of the counties
in the district I represent, bordering on the
Penobscot river, for years there has been &
very considerable amount of this production
shipped from there to other portions of the
United States. They have been shipped in
competition with the product of the province
of New Brunswick. The price has been raised,
but not from the duties, as intimated by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] but
as everything else has gone up. Now, sir,
these small farmers are only able by combin-
ing together, three or four or half a dozen of
them, to load a vessel at our wharves and to
send it to Boston. These men wish to be pro-
tected if you keep on high protective duties on
other articles which they are compelled to u«e
and which are produced elsewhere. We have
imposed high duties upon the shoes which they
Wear in the fields when tbey plant and hoe and
