1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4415
Mr. HARLAN submitted an amendment,
intended to be offered to the bill (S. No. 477)
to amend an act entitled "An act for a grant
of lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of a railroad
in said State," approved May 12, 1864,and to
grant lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from O'Brien county, Iowa, to the Missouri
river ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 219) giving construc-
tions to the acts of Congress granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in building railroads;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lauds, and ordered
to be printed.
cuban affairs.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and lie is hereby, requested, unless in his judg-
ment it is incompatible with the public interests, to
transmit to the Senate all information in possession
of the Gov eminent showing that during the hostili-
ties in Cuba any American citizens have been exe-
cuted without proper trial, or any American vessels
have been seized upon the high seas; or the property
of any American citizens has been confiscated or
embargoed, with full particulars in each case; and
to state also what steps, if any, have been taken m
reference thereto.
charges foe ocean telegrams.
Mr. POMEROY. I introduced yesterday
morning a resolution, and I ask that it may be
reconsidered in order to change the phrase-
ology of it. It directed the Attorney General
to inquire into a certain matter relating to the
Ocean Telegraph Company, and I think it is
improper to direct the Attorney General, as
his duties are prescribed by law. I ask that
the resolution be reconsidered so that I may
have it directed to the President, and he can
refer it to whom ho pleases. I did not notice
the phraseology. It was handed me and I
offered it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas asks that the resolution he offered yes-
terday directing the Attorney General to rrfake
a certain investigation shall be reconsidered
and changed so as to request the President to
have the investigation made. If there be no
objection the phraseology will be changed.
The Chair will state, however, that the resolu-
tion has been sent to the Attorney General.
Mr. EDMONDS. Then it cannot be done,
and 1 object.
Mr. POMEROY. I will move, then, that a
resolution bo sent to the Attorney General
requesting the return of the paper for the pur-
pose indicated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is suggested
to the Chair that the Senator might oiler his
resolution aud ask that it be treated as a sub"
stitute, and then that the Attorney General be
requested to return the previous resolution.
If there be no objection that order will be
made. It is so ordered.
rkdtjCtion op tiih army.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to submit the report
of the committee of conference on the Army
b'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that two Senators have asked unanimous
consent to take up bills; but the Senator from
Massachusetts has risen to a higher question,
which is to submit a report ot a committee ot
pfiTrfprp nop
Air. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will not insist on that now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware has asked unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the bill to con-
firm the title of the heirs of Gervaeio JNolan,
deceased, to certain lunds in the Territory ot
Colorado. Is there objection?
Mr. DRAKE. Before we proceed with that
I suggest that an order be made for printing
the report of the committee of conference ou
the Army bill. As it cannot come up to-day,
I suggest that it be printed.
Mr. WILSON. ■ I am certainly willing that
it shall be printed and come up to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made. The report of the committee of con-
ference will be printed, and it will be presented
to-morrow.
gervacio nolan.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware asks unanimous consent to take up
the bill reported by the Committee on Private
Land Claims confirming a land title in Col-
orado.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
843) to confirm the title of the heirs of Ger-
1 vacio Nolan, deceased, to certain lands in the
Territory of Colorado was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to con-
firm to the extent of eleven square leagues the
grant to Gervaeio Nolan, late of the valley of
Taos, deceased, approved by the surveyor gen-
eral of New Mexico October 8, 1861, and des-
ignated as number forty-eight in the transcript
of private land claims in New Mexico, trans-
mitted to Congress by the Secretary of'tlie In-
terior on the 12th day of May, 1862, but being
now within the limits of the Territory of Col-
orado. The exterior lines of the claim of eleven
leagues as confirmed are to be adjusted accord-
ing to lines of the public surveys as near as
practicable, but in a compact form, and the
claims of all actual settlers falling within the
limits of the located claim shall be adjusted to
the extent which will embrace their several set-
tlements, upon their several claims being estab-
lished either as preemptions or homesteads,
according to law, and for the aggregate of the
areas of claims so established under the pre-
emption or homestead acts the heirs of Nolan,
or their legal representatives, shall be entitled
to locate a like quantity of public lauds, not
mineral, according to the lines of the public
surveys, and not to excced one hundred and
sixty acres in one section; but such location
must be made within the bounds of the ori-
ginal grant by the order of Cornelia Vigil to
Gervaeio Nolan. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office is to cause the lines ot
the public surveys to be run in the regions
where a proper location would place the Nolan
claim, and the expense of the same shall be
paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated; but before the con-
firmation provided for by the act shall become
legally effective the heirs of Gervaeio Nolan,
or their legal representatives, are to pay the
costs of so much of the surveys as inures to
their benefit respectively, and all actual set-
tlers whoso claims may be adjusted as valid
shall have a right to enter their improvements
by a strict compliance with the preemption or
homestead laws.
Mr. IIARLAN. Is there a report with the
bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. If there be one I hope
it will be read.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a report. This
bill lias once passed the House of Represent-
atives, and a report was made in the House
of Representatives at considerable elaboration,
which was adopted by the Senate committee,
and met their unanimous approval. It is with
the papers at the desk, and had better be read
for the information of the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is a long report.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is a long report I will
be content to have a brief statement of the case
by the honorable Senator from Delaware or
any other member of the committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that this is
one of the claims in New Mexico that were
submitted under an act of Congress to the sur-
veyor general of that Territory, and approved
by him and reported to Congress. The bound-
ary of the original grant embraced an extent
of country exceeding eleven leagues, and this
bill confirms the grant for eleven leagues, ac-
cording to decisions heretofore made by Con-
gress, and also by the Interior Department;
and the bill requires that the representatives
of the grantee shall locate within three months
the boundaries of these eleven leagues, and
notify the Department.
One object of this bill, and one reason for
its immediate passage, is that there are a large
number of settlers, I think three hundred set-
tlers, upon the land covered by the exterior
boundaries of this original grant, _ and they
cannot obtain any title from the United States
while the grant remains in an unsettled con-
dition and its exact boundaries not defined.
The object of this bill is to enable those set-
tlers upon the lands to obtain a title from the
United States; and the Senator from Iowa
will observe that the bill particularly guards
all the rights of settlers on these lands, and
simply provides that the representatives of this
grantee shall locate somewhere in the neigh-
borhood the eleven leagues to which they are
entitled under the grant. There is no doubt
about the genuineness of the grant. The evi-
dence upon that subject was entirely satisfac-
tory to the committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I notice that this bill pro-
vides for an appropriation of money from the
Treasury for surveys. Under existing law the
claimants of private land claims defray the
expense of the survey. Is there any reason
why this claimant should not pay the expense
of the survey in this case ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that the bill
provides that in the first place the money shall
be paid for the survey from the Treasury, but
that before the title is confirmed that money
shall be refunded to the Treasury Department
by the representatives of the grantee in this
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
1iarbou of dulutii.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 7G3. , , ,
Mr. CASSERLY. I object, because that bill
will take up a considerable portion of time. It
is a bill which, in my judgment, inaugurates an
entirely new policy in reference to grants of
lands, and it ought to be discussed at length
in the regular session of the Senate. I do not
wish to delay it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will probably
find that there are amendments which modify
the present draft of the bill as much. It may
not be as objectionable to hi in finally.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
the bill to be taken up? I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Lands to move cer-
tain amendments. If the Senator will allow
those amendments to bo made, then perhaps
lie may desire to have the bill printed as
amended, and he will then be better able to
determine whether his objections lie to the
bill or not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
that course.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President—-
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The bill will be
taken up subject to a demand for the regular
order. Does the Senator from Missouri object ?
Mr. DRAKE. I want to appeal to the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, as it is probable this bill
of his will give rise to debate, to let me have
a private bill passed which has been hanging
before Congress for ten or fifteen years.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let me have the time 1 am
reasonably entitled to in this matter. J have
the floor, and 1 beg the Senator not to take it
from me. I have been struggling for weeks to
get this bill up. „ ,, ,
Mr DRAKE. i think the first mention that
was made of Duluth here was the other day,
when its instrumentality was to slaughter the
franking privilege bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Senators who have a better
