APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Ho. of Heps.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Stevenson.
4 1st Cong....2d Sjsss.
all. The Republicans could hold no meetingsthere,
and all the leaders of the Republican party had
been driven from the parish, while the vest were
compelled to join the Democratic clubs in order to
save their lives.
" Question. Was there any protection afforded the
Republicans, whatever, in that parish by either the
civil or military authorities ?
"Answer. There was none at all. Armed men pat-
rolled the parish continually who belonged to the
Democratic clubs, and I know of their killing six
prominent Republicans. All others were completely
intimidated.
"Question. Could you givo this evidence in that
parish?
"Answer. I could not. It would be impossible for
me to return to the parish until there is some fur-
ther protection afforded Republicans there. I know
of some six or eight prominent Republicans who aro
here now, and, like myself, aro unable to return to
their homes."
" P. Tonkin,being duly sworn, deposes and says:
? "Question. Whcredo you reside?
"vliwoer. In the parish of Lafayette, where I am a
registered voter.
"Question. How long have you lived there ?
"Answer. I was born aud raised there.
"Question. To what party did you belong at, iho
timo of tho congressional election held in last
Kovember?
" Answrr. To the Republican party.
"Question. Are you well acquainted with tho
Republicans of that parish ?
"Answer. Yes, sir: well acquainted.
"Qtu.i/ioH. Do >ou know of any throats or outrages
being made in tluit parish toward or on Republicans
to influence their votes at the congressional election
in i ist Novi mber ?
" Yes, sir; 1 know of a dozen or more Re-
publicans being killed; and threats wei o made to kill
all the other llepublieansunless they would vote tho
Domoeratic ticket; and there was no protection
alfoided any Republican from either tho civil or
military authorities.
"(Juration. Were any leading Republicans allowed
(o remain in the parish during tho elections?
",! ,ikvv'i\ No, sir; nil tho leaders were either killed
or com Polled to leave,
"OitfNfii/ti. How niiiny colored men would have
voted the Democratic ticket in that parish through
choice ?
'Miniru-. 1 only know of but lour in tho wholo
pne-h; all tho otheis I firmly believe would have
voted the Republican ticket had they been allowed
in \ i je as thev u [shod.
" From what, you know of tho relative
strength of the two parties, which would have hud a
majority had there been a fair election ?
"Answer. The Republican party would havchada
majority of at least one hundred at tho election held
in N ovember last, and they would have voted for tho
icgular Republican nominee, Hon. C. R, Darrall.
" Quest i<>n. Could Republican meetings bo hold or
Republican tickets be distributed before the elec-
tion?
"A hum'. Since tho riots begun no meet ings could
he held, nor could nny uno there distribute Repub-
lican tickets, as the Democratic loaders would have
killed iinv Republican who was lomtd with tickets,
vr who was Known to openly favor Republicanism.
"OwvfutH. State in what mnimer thoeol"ied peo-
ple weio compelled to vole at the Into congressional
election.
They were brought by armed men to Iho
polls and Were compelled to vote the Demociatic
ticket, and tin* was the easo alt ovei the parish.
Tho eolcoed men were compelled to join clubs b>
t'oiee a.rid were then given certihcales of protection.
tThe ono juven to witness is hereto attached.)"
"A lexnnder K lymaud Francois, jr., sworn :
" Question. Where did you reside during tho last
year?
1 n Veimilion, pnri.-b of Lafayette: am
n native of the State , 1 was iustice ot the peace in
{•aid parish; elected by tho Republican part} ; my
lather is a senator iu the Si,a,to Legislature from t hat
^"mitorial district,.
"Qin'h'iou. What was the condition of things iu
that pan? h during tho last > oar?
"Aitwrr There was great excitement; the Demo-
eiafx had secret armed organisations; they killed
fome o( th<' Republican leader.-, and on tho ITf.h of
October witness was compelled to leave to save my
lite ; tho Republicans could not have held nny pub-
lic meetings without danger of being killed; they
w«'r«  compelled to vote the. Democratic ticket; t hey
were not allowed to \ote tho Republican ticket: it
v.ould have been impossible lor them to have at-
<"j'ipted it: heard the l)em<>orats {-ay that they wcro
^v-mixed expies<ly for the purpose of keeping the
ji e<'d ji<Mi from voting the Republican ticket; there
v, i- no f-v tnty for any of the prominent leader to
V[ :y !)• , ha! pai'-h, ^ |
(jm^tion. Did not these Democratic organiza- ;
'i .in - keep the colored p90ple in complete subjection ? I
"Jtrwr. They did; it the Republicans had been i
p"i mired to vote freely, as they dcsiiod, they would
h.ive had a minority in that parish; they all would
h.-ve \ oUd for i>r. Dairell for Congress, theRepub-
hc:ui nominee ; w itm^s is even now afraid to return
to \!)«*parish.
Was there any protection for the Repub-
h viJ. < in that parish, cither civil or military?
"Anncer. Nono whatever."
" Roman Andrez:
"Question. Where doyoulive?
"Answer. In the parish of Lafayette; I was there
last fall. T belong to the Republican party: was a
registered voter. The Democrats in this parish dur-
ing last fall killed a number of Republicans,* know
of three colored people that they killed—my mother
and father and brother. Killed my brother because
he was a Republican. They shot at me, but I made
my escape.
"(Juration. Had tho Democrats there armed organ-
izations?
"Answer. They had.
"Question. Was it possible for tho Republicans to
hold meetings?
"Answer. They could not without danger of being
killed oi otherwise maltreated. They openly de-
clared that those who would not vote the Democratic
ticket should be killed. A great many freedmen wcro
compelled bytho Democrats to aetwith them, to the
number of abour, one thousand, who otherwiso would
have voted the Republican ticket, and for Dr. Darrell
for Congress.
"Question. Were you compelled to leave the parish?
■"jDjauvj*. T was, because f was well convinced that
they would carry their threats into execution, and
kill mo. My brother who wns killed was tho flag-
bearer of tho Republican club at tho time he was
killed.
"Question. Do you think tho Republicans oould
have then voted the Republican ticket?
"Ansux1/-. No; not without protection."
"K (I. Wilkins:
14 Question. Where do you reside?
" Answer. In tho city of Now Orleans, nt present.
"Question. Where were you at tho lato congres-
sional cdection, in .November, 1.SG8?
"Answer. I was in Vermilionville, parish of La-
fayette, as chairman of tho board of supervisors of
registration there. I arrived in the paii^h on the
7th of October, IMS, and left Lhero the 7th day of
December following.
" Question. Do you know of any outrages or acts of
violence or throats being made tow nrd Republicans
by the Democrats in that parish ?
" Answer. Yes. sir; such things were of daily occur-
ence up to tho date of tho election. On account of
these threats of violence, A.'c., no Ropuhlican meet-
ings could be hold, neither could there be any ticket
distributed lor the Republican party, as 1 know of
thioo Republicans being ordered to leave tho parish
for having attempted to distribute tiekots, and no
man there could openly profess to bo a Republican
with safety to himself.
" Question. I n what political condition did you find
the parUh when you went there, on account of these
threats ot violence?
" /! n*wrr. A eomplote reign of terror existed thore,
and t am satisfied tho colored pcoplo da,red not do
otherwise than vote the Demociatic ticket.
*' Question. Was theic uny piotection, either civil
or mil it ary, n horded the Republicans of that parish ?
'Miimh/t. No, sii : none whatever.
" Question. Would jou loel sale to go to that par-
ish and give this e\ idenco openly?
" ,ln«nv/\ No, sir; L would not do it at all under
any consideiation.''
"Foiluno Riard, being duly sworn, deposes and
"Question. Where do you reside?
".U.s'cv/-. In Lafajette parish, of which 1 am a
nati\c, and am now in this city claiming my seat as
one of the senators elected lrom that distaiet. I
led the piuish on thoI2tl  day of October, IMS.
"(Jiiestion. Wha.i was the condition ot things in
that pori.di as icgards political atfair3 when you left
there?
"Answer. There great political oxcitemcnt oil
the. p.ut of flic Demociatic parly, who had secret
organizations in clubs throughout the parish. Out-
rages were committed upon the Republicans; some
of them were murdered, while others were compelled
to leave tho parish, and 1 myself hud to escape from
tho paiish in order to savo my life, and I consider
my life would bo in danger to return now. From
what I kuew and undeistood in the parish ilwastho
determination id' these Democratic organizations to
pte\ cut tho Republicans from voting at the general
ejection unless they would vote tho Democratic
t ielwl. And witness fin thcr states that he ,mw a let-
ter after the election stating that *1,000 votes in this
box lor .Seymour and Blair, and none for Grant and
Col (ax; buckshot has kept, rho Republicans away
and witness states furthermore, from his own knowl-
edge and reliablo information, a large number of
freedmen belonging to tho Republican party were
eompolled by fear of violence and by intimidation
to vote tho Democratic ticket, and that this reign of
terror was so great that it would have been utterly
impo>sible lor the Republicans to have turned out
at all and voted the Republican ticket. If they had
been permitted to vote freely, and as they desired to
\ote, lion. C. J). Darrall would have received tho
er.tn'e Republican vote of that parish for Congress.
"Question. Fiom the information you have received
from that parish do you consider it would be safe for
the prominent Republicans who have left that pax isli
to return?
"Answer. No, sir; I am afraid myself to return,
although I have property in tho parish, and havo
been doing business thero for years."
" !). Smith :
"Witness further states ho is well aeciuainted in
the parish of Lafayette, having resided there pre-
vious to his settling in the parish of Vermillion, and
some of his sons vote in that parish now, and that he
is as well acquainted in that parish as with the con-
dition of things politically as he is with the parish of
Vermillion, and the same state of alarm and terror
and persecution did exist in that parish up to the
time of tho election in November last as existed m
the parish of Vermilion; and I am well acquainted
with the strength of the two parties in that parish,
and the Republicans would have had a majority had
there been a full and fair election.
"Quevtion. Who would the Republicans have voted
for lor Congress at the late election had they been
permitted?
"Answer. For tho regular nominee—lion. C. 13.
Darrall.
"Question. During all these outrages, threats, and
violence used by the Domociats has there been any
protection extended by tho civil or military author-
ities of the State to the Republicans there?
" Answer. None at all."
Vermilion J\irish.
"L. I. Tansey to Mr. Stkyen'Sox:
"I reside in Vermilion parish. I have been living
there a little over two years. I came there from
Raton Rouge. 1 havo beon living in this State twelve
or thirteen yeais. I was in the war—m the confed-
erate a.rmy. J wns supervisor of registration in Ver-
million parish last fall. I commenced my duties early
in October, I think. IwenttoLako Arthur and to
John Mow's, I went to LakeSnnonotte for the pur-
pose of swearing in tho commissioners ot election,
but to tho other two places 1 went as supervisor.
14 Question. What was the condition of thepari&h as
to peace and order during the canvass?
"Answer. X did not secagreatdeal of trouble. All
that I saw was merely that there was an organization
called the Kuklux which seoined to intimidate tho
people somewhat. J do not know that it existed m
the parish, but. 1 sawil. in the town of Abbeville, tho
paiirdi seat, where 1 live. This was piiur to the
election; I think it was in the latter part of Octo-
ber. I was in my bed when they first passed. My
sister-in-law, who was aleoping down stairs, called
to me to bee what was goingon. 'The town bells were
ringing and we thought it was an alarm of fire. I
was uneasy because my brother-in-law was not at
home, and his wife wa* not well. I looked out ot tho
window but, could nntsoo anything, and I went back
to bed. Afterward I heard the tramping of hordes
and boliovedthat it was sonic wild horses going about
at night. I remained quietly in bed until my siatci -
in-law again called to me to look out to see rrhat was
tho matter. 1 looked out and saw the forms of per-
sons on horseback, apparently covered with sheets,
or some white substance. Isaw two or three ot them
with torch-lights. 1 suppose thero were twelve or
liltecn of them m number. That is all that I saw.
1 ascertained next morning that it causcd a great
deal of consternation and fear in town, both among
the white pcoplo and black people. My sister-in-
law was ver> much frightened,and even the servants
in the house were frightened.
"Question. Did that force do anything that night?
"Answer. Nothing more than passing through. I
heard a volley of what I supposed to be pistol shots,
ten or twelve or more, and i concluded it was tho
same party who fired them.
"Question. Did you hoar of anybody being injured
or threatened that night in the town ?
"Answer. .1 heard that some gentleman said that
some horses had run over him and, L believe, had
displaced his scapula,, i did not hear of their visit-
ing anybody that night. That was the onlvtunel
saw any ot thorn. I cannot say that it was under-
stood that tho Kuklux existed in that pariah. I do
not know that it exited at all. It was simply rumor
prior to that time that it did exist. That was the
last I saw or heard of them m the parish. Prior to
that time I had heard of them appearing in different
parts of tho parish.
"Question, Was anybody murdered in the parish
pending the election?
"/I uiwcr. I heard of some three or four murders in
different parts of the parish. Two were murdered
at a place called Kulikmi. When I went to Lake
Arthur I heaid that two persons wore found mur-
dered there. They were colored pcoplo. i. do not
know the parties at all.
"Question. Did you know of any white Republicans
in tho parish ?
"Answer. I knew a few who told mc that tlicy wcro
Republicans.
"Que# tion. Do 3'ou know how they felt as to their
security in voting accoiding to thoirsentiments?
"Amber. They said they wore afraid to vote tho
Republican tiekct.
"Question. Do you know how the colored Repub-
licans of that parish felt on that subject?
"Answer. They told nie the same tiling. 1 did not
have much conversation with theui. >Somcof them
came to my house unsolicited, and told me that they
wore sorry that they could not vote the Republican
ticket. I asked them w hj, if they were independent
Americans, they should not vote, if they thought
proper, like other people. They told me they were
afraid to do so.
" To Mi. Kerr:
"Question. Do you not knowthafc it is not at all an
uncommon filing to hear shots discharged in that
«, country either by day or by night ?
"Answer. It iti a very common thins even in the
day time.
