2528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
cent, of the duty rightfully belonging to the
Government of the United States upon the
importations of wool On the skin, to the hurt
of this great branch of industry. I had sup-
posed that the gentleman, if in favor of any-
thing in this direction, was in favor of pro-
tecting the interests of the great producing
classes of this country; yet, from the best
information I can obtain, I undertake to say
that there are to-day more sheep in the island
of Great Britain proper than in the whole of
the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to amend this
paragraph in order that I way very briefly dis-
cuss this subject. I do not propose now to so
into a general discussion of the tariff, noreveu
of the wool tariff. But I wish to say a word
upon the proposition of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.] At the tiiW the
wool tariff of 1807 was enacted the annual
importation of pelts, with wool on them, as I
am advised, was about 250,000; last year there
was an importation of 2,COO,000 pelts, and that
accounts in part for the reason that the wool-
growirig interest is so much depressed as it is
now. We have in the United States nearly
40,000,000 sheep, and the question presented
to this Congress is whether that vast branch of
productive industry is to be crippled and broken
down, or whether it is to be maintained in tho
interests of the great West, of the great agri-
cultural States producing wool.
Now, [ cannot conceive of any reason for
adopting the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from New York, unless the object be to
si cure imported wool at cheaper rates than
American wool-growers can produce it. But
our experience shows that the encouragement
of American wool-growing will secure to our
people woolen goods cheaper than by relying
on the foreign market for wool. As bearing
on (his point I send to the Clerk to be read a
list published by A. T. Stewart, of New York,
imd Perry, Wendell, Fay & Co., Philadelphia,
showing that woolen goods are cheaper now
tlrjii before the war. From the currency price
v <• should deduct SO per cent., the premium on
unhl when this price-list was made. I ask the
Cit'ik to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
S^larcl woolen, A™,,
Jtnvine mixed, all wool.
doeskins,15tol3ounce3 80 to 85 e. 80 to 8-3 c.
itnson satinets,(.stand-
ard art)  50 to 55 50 to 55
Statibrdvillo satinets  GO to 05 GO to i;.>
Pimied satinets  25 to 62« 25 to 62}
10-4 Holland blankets,
1' pounds   S3 25 $5 00
Jl-4 Holland blankets,
4 nounds  $ 75 0 75
"Tulbott" It, i-jcarlefc
llannc'!, I (standard)... 23 30
"i'\ & C." twilled scar-
lct tlannel, r (stand-
ard)  31 45
Richmond, Kentucky,
jeans, (standard)   26 32*
Washington, Kentucky,
jeans  27 34
Palestro, Kentucky,
jeans  11 14s
fit. Lawrence plaids  21 to 22 23s
Liercs-ter tweeds, (stand-
ard)   623 05
Waterloo blanket
shan Is  8 00 7 50
Belvidcro 0-4 printed
table-covers  87? 92.1
Mixed and plain eash-
merettes    50 to 55 52s-to 00
"Hoys' all-wool cheeks 55 to GO 57 to 62
Bhawl,diagonal, all-wool
eassimeres, 10 to 11
ounces   80 to 85 75 to 80
Evans's double mixed
twist, 8 ounces, all
wool  75 80
Middlesex sackings  1 10 1 25
Middlesex doeskins  1 05 1 15
Middlesex shawls  7 00 7 00
Washington sackings.... 105 1 15
dienham sackings  1 05 1 10
Glonliaui repellents  1 15 1 20
Mr. LAWRENCE. Before the war our tariff
on wool was so low that wool-growl rig in this
country was almost abandoned. Our manu-
facturers relying only or mainly on the foreign
market for wool, in which they had to compete
with foreign manufacturers as buyers, were at
the mercy of the foreign producers or import-
ers. The importers having a monopoly of the
market, controlled prices to suit themselves, by
combinations when necessary. Bat the great
demand for Army goods during the war stimu-
lated the American production of wool, and in
1867 we found our flocks had so increased as
to be sufficient in number to supply more than
the ordinary demands of the people. There
was an over-production of wool. To prevent
the destruction of this great branch of industry
the wool-tariff of 1867 was enacted. And the
result is now, Mr. Chairman, that under exist-
ing laws we are furnishing to the people of this
country cheap woolen goods ; and it cannot be
claimed that it is necessary to admit wool duty
free in order to encourage the existing manu-
factures. If the tariff were removed two effects
would follow: first, we would annihilate the
wool-growing interest of our country, producing
more than $60,000,000 worth of wool annually ;
and secondly, we would give to the foreign pro-
ducer the control of the market. The prices
of wool would not be any leas to the manu-
facturer in a year after the new order of things,
and wo would export $00,000,000 in gold to
buy wool which we ought to produce at home.
Our industries divcrsilied by the homo produc-
tion of wool would sutler by the destruction of
our wool product, and foreign manufacturers
again, as in 1860, would control the market, for
woolen goods and put up prices, as then, to a
higher figure than now.
This is a subject of vast importance to the
people of the West; and I trust that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from New York will
not bo adopted, at least without due considera-
tion by the House. As I said before, I do not
propose now to go into a general discussion of
the tariff on wool ; but as this amendment is
indirectly an attack upon the wool tariff, and a
proposition to admit foreign wool nearly free
of duty when imported on the skin, it is to
that extent a proposition to repeal the existing
tariff laws, or rather practically to defeat their
operation.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the two
gentlemen from Ohio had done me the honor
to listen to or read the speech 1 made the other
day they would have seen it demonstrated that
under the high tariffs of England the prices of
wool have gone down, while under low tariffs
the prices have risen. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] refers to tho depression
of woolens. Thereby he admits the fall of
wool. Wool falling in price, woolens of course
decline.
Sir, 1 well recollect the history of the wool
and woolens tariff passed in 18G7. The argu-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bi.s'fi-
ham] was the same then that it is now. The
argument was that that tariff would raise tho
price of the wool of Vermont, Ohio, Pennsyl-
vania, Kentucky, and other States. Sir, there
is not a sheep on tho green hills of Vermont,
or upon the Alleghanies of Pennsylvania, or
upon the mountain ranges of California and
Oregon and Washington Territory, where sheep
are slaughtered by thousands and tens of thou-
sands, that does not in his dying moments
ejaculate both of these arguments-—Baa! baa!
[Laughter.]
Sir, at this very moment British ships are
preparing to land at the port of Boston wool
from the Cape of Good Hope, to be taken
through New England to Canada to be manu-
factured, that wool costing 31J cents, while
the American manufacturer pays for it 7C cents
in gold. These woolen goods manufactured
in Canada are coming into this country to a
very large extent, being either smuggled in or
legitimately paying the customs duties, and
in spite of the high tariff are underselling the
woolen manufacturers of Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, New York, and other States. You
have enabled England and Germany and Bel-
gium to obtain wool at one half the price at
which we obtain it for the manufacture of fins
goods; and you have driven the American
manufacturer into the production of only the
coarser goods.
The gentlemen from Ohio under the tariff
of 1807 have gained nothing but destruction
1'or their sheep, while the American wool man-
ufacturer is crippled, almost destroyed. I trust,
sir—no, sir; no I have no trust. We have to
go before the people on this issue. I trust in
nothing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
word "same," and in lieu thereof to insert
"similar." Mr. Chairman, I desire to keep
this provision in the bill virtually as it is. I
will not undertake to reply to tho gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] on that which
does not pertain to the question before the
House, and still less will I try with him the
powers of mimicry, for I should despair of
success, as he did it so naturally he might be
mist&ken for the very animal itself. [Laughter. ]
Thisisnotaquestionabouttariffonwool. The
committee have deemed it advisable not to inter-
fere with that, but to leave to the wool-growers
of the country the protection they now have.
Whatever temporary causes may raise ordepress
tho value of wool it is new doctrine for gentle-
men to be broaching that while a duty put upon
an article imported is sure to add always so
much to the cost to the consumer yet it does
not work that way with wool. That is what
they are continually contending. The people
who raise wool, the farmers of the West, the
owners of .sheep are satisfied to have that pro-
tection, and whatever depreciation there- may
he in the wool market they do not think will be
cured by abandoning the protection they now
have. But that is not the question before tlie
committee. Wool brought in in the ordinary
way is subjected to existing rates of duty. But
finding wool on the skin, or skins with wool on
them, can be brought in at a much lower rate,
at the low rate of 4 cents per pound, ingenious
people abroad andingenious importers at home
have been crowding the custom-houses with
wool on skins, thus bringing in wool itself under
a reduced duty, damaging all those who grow
wool in this country. And the object of the com-
mittee is simply to raise the duty on wool on the
skin to the samerate, according to its coarseness
or fineness, as protection given to wool after
shorn from the skin. That is the whole of it. It
is simply an attemptto prevent fraud, which be-
ginning in small performance has gone on grad-
ually increasing until during this last year there
was something like §500,000 worth in value of
wool on skins brought in at this low duty of 4
cents per pound, to the great disadvantage of
the honest wool-grower in this country. Here
is an opportunity for gentlemen who yearn so
much toward the agricultural interest, so much
for the farmer, so much for our own native pro-
ducers of raw material; here is an opportunity
afforded them by this proposition of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to protect them
against frauds which foreigners and importers
and others have been seeking to practice on
them, and during the last three or four years
successfully practiced on them. That is the
question before the House, and I cannot ac-
count lor the objection of gentlemen on-tho
other side except from their chronic habit of
making an outcry at wool on skin, which seems
to be one of the tenets of that party whenever
it makes its appearance. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I oppose the amendment of
my colleague, and I do so for the purpose of
answering further the remarks of the gentleman
fromNew York, [Mi-.Brooks.] Thegentleman
has i ntimat ed the effect of the act called the wool
tariff of 1867 wag to depress the value of the
home product of American wool. The gentle-
man forgot, when he made that statement., to
