4416
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
June 14,
recollection know that for weeks I have been
trying to get this hill considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand the Senatof from Missouri to
object.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not object. I only appeal
to the magnanimity of my friend.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a great deal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
763) granting lands to the State of Minnesota
to aid in the improvement of the harbor at
Duluth, Lake Superior, in said State, is before
the Senate as iu Committee of the Whole,
subject to objection.
For the purpose of aiding in the improve-
ment of the harbor of Duluth, at the west end
of Lake Superior, in the State of Minnesota,
by the construction of a breakwater in the
lake, external and parallel to Minnesota Point,
so called, and the opening of a canal through
Minnesota Point of sufficient capacity to admit
the passage of the laigest vessels navigating
the lake from the lake into the inner harbor in
the bay of Duluth, and to dredge and improve
the bays known as the bays of Superior and
Si. Louis, lying between Dulutli, in the State
of Minnesota, and Superior City, in the State
of Wisconsin, the bill grants to the State of
Minnesota, in trust for the Minnesota Canal
and Harbor Improvement Company, a com-
pany chartered under the laws of that State,
five hundred thousand acres of public lands, to
be selected by an agent or agents of the State,
appointed by the Governor thereof, from the
public lands of the United States nearest to
the harbor of Duluth and within the said State
of Minnesota, to which no preemption, home-
stead, or other valid right may have attached ;
but such selection shall notbe made from lands
designated as mineral lands; and the words
"mineral lands" shall not be understood to
mean lands containing coal or iron.
The second section provides that whenever
the Governor of the State shall certify to the
Secretary of the Interior that the company has
expended, in the construction of the canal and
breakwater, and in the improvement of the
harbor at Duluth, in accordance with plans
submitted to and approved by the chief of
engineers of the War Department before the
•works are begun, the sura of $250,000 of its
own funds, patents shall issue to the com-
pany for one half the five hundred thousand
acres of lands ; and whenever the Governor
of said State shall certify that the canal and
breakwater have been completed according to
the plans approved as before specified, and
that the bays of Superior and St. Louis have
been dredged, and navigation so improved in
the Bay of Superior that vessels of the largest
class navigating Lake Superior shall be enabled
to pass through the Bay of Superior from the
harbor of Duluth to the entrance to the Bay
of Superior between Minnesota and Wisconsin
points, near Superior City; and that the fur-
ther sum of $250,000 has been expended by
the company as aforesaid, patents shall issue
to the company for the remainder of the lands.
But the company is to expend for the purposes
and upon the improvements hereinbefore spe-
cified the en tire proceeds of all the lands gran ted
by the first section, together with at least
$250,000 of funds of the company derived from
other sources than the sale of any of ihe lands.
The third section provides that if the canal
and breakwater shall not have been completed j
and navigation so impioved in the Bay of Su-
perior as to admit the passage of vessels from
the harbor of Duluth through the bay to the
entrance thereof, as provided in the second
section, within three years from the passage of
the act, the lauds granted shall revert to the
United States.
The fourth section provides that the lands
granted shall be sold by the company within
five years from the issue of the patents for the
same, and that, ail the lands thus granted re-
maining unsold at the end of five years shall
revert to the United States ; and any person
who may, at the time the lands are offered for
sale, be in actual occupancy of any portion of
the'same, not exceeding one-hundred and sixty
acres, or one quarter section thereof, and cul-
tivating the same for agricultural purposes,
shall be entitled to purchase them at a price
not to exceed two dollars and fifty cents per
acre; but this privilege is not to be extended
to apply to lands mainly valuable for mining,
quarrying, or lumbering purposes.
The fifth section declares that the canal shall
be and remain a public highway, free from toll
or charge of any kind whatsoever.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Public Lands with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
to insert at the end of section two the follow-
ing proviso :
Provided further, That the certificates of the Gov-
ernor herein provided for shall be submitted to and
approved by the chief of engineers of the \Var De-
partment before they or either of theui is acted upon
by the Secretary of tho'lnterior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
proviso at the end of the fourth section in the
following words :
Provided, That this privilege shall not bo extended
to apply to lands mainly valuable for mining, quar-
rying, or lumbering purposes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Since the bill was re-
ported that amendment has been reconsidered
by the Committee on Public Lands, and they
desire to have the amendment rejected and let
the proviso remain as part of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as withdrawn.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 desire now to move some
amendments to the bill from the Committee on
Public Lands. I move to strike out of lino ten,
section one, the words "and improve" and
insert "a channel in each of;" so as to read
" and to dredge a channel in each of the bays
known as the Bays of Superior and St. Louis."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out the
words "and St. Louis" in the eleventh line
and insert the word " Duluth."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out of
lines twelve and thirteen the words "Superior
City, in the State of," and to insert " channel
of the St. Louis river between the States of
Minnesota and;" so as to read:
Ljing between the said Duluth, in the State of
Minnesota, arid the channel of tho St. Louis river
between the States of Minnesota aad Wisconsin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out the
words " nearest to said harbor of Duluth," in
lines nineteen and twenty of section one, and
insert " in the counties of St. Louis, Carlson,
and Lake ; " so as to read :
To he selected by an nsert or agents of said
State, appointed by the G-ovenior thereof, from tho
public tanus of the United ;^t<Ltes in the counties of
St. E.ouii, Carlton, and Lake within the said State
of Minnesota.
Mr. MORTON. Are these adjoining coun-
ties?
Mr. WJLLTAMS. They are counties right
alongside.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In section two I move
to strike out these words in lines five, six, and
seven, "in accordance with plans submitted
to and approved by the chief of engineers of
tho War Department before the works arc
begun," and to insect in lieu thereof these
words," theconstruction of piers, wharves, and
docks;" so as to read:
That whenever the Governor of said State shall
certify to tho Secretary of the Interior that tho said
company has expended, m the conn; action of said
canal and breakwater and in the improvement of
said harbor at Duluth and the construction of piers,
wharves, and docks, tin: sum of ^250,OfiU ;.f its own
funds, patents shall issue to -aid company foi eno
half of the said live hu mired thousand acres of lands.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose, as a matter of
course, such an amendment would be adopted;
but I shall object to the amendment at tbe
proper stage of this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state to the Sen-
ator that it does not make it unnecessary for
the War Department to supervise. It is sim-
ply a change of phraseology, as the Senator
will see when the amendments are completed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no change made
in substance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to insert in line
eleven, section two, after the word " certify,"
the words "as above."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. W7ILLIAMS. I move, iu line twelve of
spctir.n two. to insert after the word "plans "
the words " submitted to the chief of engineers
of the War Department."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. After the word "ap-
proved," in line twelve of that section, I move
to insert the words " by him."
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator to
say chief engineer " of the Army" instead "of
the War Department."
Mr. WILLIAMS. The phraseology is well
understood as it is ; but I do not care as to that.
It may be changed if that suits the taste of any
gentleman belter.
Mr. RAMSEY. I believe that is the proper
designation.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well. In section
two, line thirteen, I move to strike out the words
" Bays of Superior and St. Louis" and insert
the word " channels." In lines seventeen and
eighteen of the same section I move to strike
out the words "entrance to the said Bay of
Superior" and insert " channelof the St. Louis
river."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those amend-
ments will be regarded as agreed to, if there be
no objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In line eighteen, on page
3, after the word "between" and before the
word " Minnesota," I move to insert the words
" the States of." In lines eighteen and nine-
teen I move to strike out the words "points
near Suoerior City."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those amend-
ments will bo regarded as agreed to. if there
be no objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In section three, line
three, after the word " Superior," I -move to
insert the words "by dredging channels as
aforesaid so." In line five of the same sec-
tion I move to strike out the words " entrance
thereof" and insert "channel of St. Louis
river." In line seven of the same section,
after tho word '' granted," I move to insert the
words " and for which patents have not been
issued."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those amend-
ments will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In section four, line six,
I move to strike out the word " at" and insert
the words "prior to and at;'' and in "line nine
of the same section after the word "purposes"
I move to insert the word " only." These are
all the amendments that I propose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These amend-
ments will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, if the Senator from
California does not persist in his objection, I
should like to have the bill proceeded with and
disposed of.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood that the
Senator from Oregon suggested, and I assented
to his suggestion, that the bill should be printed
with these amendments. I should desire that.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I said if the Senator de-
sired it; and of course if he insisted upon it
the bill would necessarily have to be printed,
unless these amendments should obviate his
objections.
Mr. CASSERLY. They do not.
