1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4417
Mr. DRAKE. It is very evident that tiiis
bill is going over; and, as we have just five
minutes of the morning hour left, I should be
very glad to take up a bill for the benefit of
some constituents of mine.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Senator from Cal-
ifornia insist on the bill going over and being
printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
, demands the regular order. This bill will be
ordered to be printed as amended.
hull and cozzens and naylor. and co.
Mr. DRAKE. There is a little bill on the
Calendar authorizing the settlement of the
accounts of men who did work and furnished
materials for public buildings in Nebraska
when it was a Territory, which I should like
to have disposed of now. It will take but a
minute to pass the bill. It is House bill No.
6S9, reported by the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent to take
up the bill indicated by him.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 6S9) for the relief of
Hull & Cozzens and John Naylor & Co. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and settle the accounts of Hull & Cozzens,
under a contract with Mark W. Izzard, Gov-
ernor of Nebraska, dated the 28th of Novem-
ber, 1855, and the accounts of John Naylor &
Co.. under a similar contract, dated the 25th
of February, 1856, for furnishing materials for
the capitol buildings at Omaha City, in Ne-
braska Territory, and to pay to them any bal-
ance which may be found due them on their
contracts, not exceeding $3,500.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, to add to it the following
proviso:
Provided, That in making such settlement, and
before payment, he shall bo satisfied by the evidence
that thoir contracts have been faithfully tuIliHed:
that t.lie materials supplied by them were accepted and
used by the United States, and that the contractors
have not been paid the amounts due them either by
the United States or the State oi Nebraska.
Mr. TIPTON. I should like to understand
the nature of that case. I understand that it
is connected with an old contract for building
a State-house in the Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. HOWE. That is it.
Mr. TIPTON. I should have given attention
to it probably, and I should have looked it up ;
but I never have. I always supposed there was
u great swindle in building that State-house, as
there is generally in that kind of contracts.
I remember that the columns that were pur-
chased in St. Louis fell down, and one of the
first acts that I performed as a legislator and
member of the council was to se!l it lor scrap
iron, and it was carried over the river and
deposited in a foundery in the city, if there is
a city opposite Omaha.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Council Blufft.
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, Council Llufts.
Mr. DRAKE. They were not furnisaed by
Hull & Cozzens, I guess. I hope the Senator
will not object to the passage of this bill. it
leaves the matter to the Secretary of the treas-
ury, and the bill has been passed m the Louse
and reported by our Committee on Claims. ^
Mr. TIPTON. I feel certain that there was
money enough appropriated to buila that house
and finish it well at the time; but it nevei was
so finished, and I fear that the Government s
about to be called upon to pay a second bil
where there has either been a defalcation o. a
misappropriation of money. I do not under
stand it, and would rather have an opportunity
^TheVlCH! PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor object to the further consideration ot the
bill?
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, s^r.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill iN o.
m 41sx Cong. 2d Sess.-No. 2w.
Mr. DRAKE. Does that objection deprive
the bill of its position after it has been taken
up and is before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to
a demand for the regular order, unanimous
consent having been asked.
captain e. ii. uuc11anax.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to proceed to the Con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 758. It will take
but a moment. The reading of the bill will
give the whole history of it, and I think it will
pass without objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 758) for the settlement
of the account of Captain E. M. Buchanan,
late commissary of subsistence of volunteers.
The bill authorizes the accounting officers in
the Third Auditor's office of the Treasury De-
partment to close the account of Captain 13. M.
Buchanan, late commissary of subsistence of
volunteers, by entering credit for the sum of
$1,430 89, the amount which is shown to have >
been upon his body when murdered by guer- j
rillas on the 28th day of September, 1864, near
Cliarlestown, Virginia.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, so as to make it read :
That the accounting officers in the Third Auditor's j
oflice of the Treasury Department be, and they are :
hereby, authorized to close the account ot Captain j
K. M. liuehanan, late commissary of subsidence oi
volunteers, as they shall boliovo to be just and equit-
able upon all (he testimony that may he submitted,
claiming credit tor tho sum of 51,43b 83, the amount
which is alleged to liavo been upon his body when
murdered by guerrillas on the 28til day of beptember,
lSii'l, near Cliarlestown, ~V n'gmia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have passed a gen-
eral bill on this subject, which 1 think would
cover this case.
Mr. SCOTT. That bill has passed the Sen-
ate ; but on inquiry 1 am not at all certain that
it will pass the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that after
we have passed a general bill to cover all these
cases ol'commissaries and quartermasters and
paymasters, we ought not to take up the time
of the Senate in passing bills for special eases.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. SCOTT. I am not certain that the gen-
eral bill will cover this specific case.
Mr. CHANDLER. Suppose you examine
that point.
Mr. SCOTT. It will do no harm to pass
this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois object?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, I do not object;
but J state the fact.
Tile bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to b? engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
arkansas nivhr BRIDGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired. This is the day assigned by a
vote ol the Senate for the consideration of
bills reported from the Committee on Com-
m Mr? CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to tiie consideration of Senate bill
No 9-10
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
of the Committee on Commerce calls up the
bill indicated by him. The Chair will regard
it as before the Senate without a formal vote,
unless objection bo made.
Mr. RAMSEY. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds, I should like to ask what, next will be
in order when the business of this day is dis-
posed of? Does the bill for the abolition of
the franking privilege then come up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege is the first
of the special orders, and will be resumed when
the Senate has disposed of the business of uie
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY. I give notice that I shall
ask the Senate then to take it up and proceed
with its consideration.
Mr. DRAKE. Has not the Senator dis-
placed that by the Duluth bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He has not. It
still remains as the first bill on the Calendar
of special orders.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 949)
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Arkansas river at Little Rook, Arkansas.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments. The first amendment
was to strike out the fifth section after the
enacting clause, in the following words:
That the right to alter or amend this act. so as
to prevent or remove all material obstructions to the
navigation of said river by the construction of said
bridge, is hereby expressly reserved.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the bridge company aforesaid shall submitto
tho Secretary of War, lor his approval, a plan, with
the accessary drawings of their bridge, conforming
to the above requirements; and until the Secretary
of War at i prove tho plan and location of said bridge,
and notify tho company of the same in writing, tho
bridge shall not bo built or commenced; and should
any change bem.ide in the plan of tho bridge during
tho progress of tho work thereon, suoh change shall
be subject likewise to the approval of the Secretary
ol'War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert as an additional section the following:
Srcc. 0. And be it further enacted, That Congress
shall have power at any time to alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenateas amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, road tho third time, and passed.
rnESl duntial approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 14th
instant, signedandapprovedthefollowing acts:
A bill (S. No. 395) to establish the coL
lection district of Willamette, in the State ot
Oregon ; and
A bill (S. No. 554) to regulate credits to
prisoners for good behavior.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOTI814.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiep.sox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 93G) to provide for tho
compensation of grand and petit jurors in the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2092) making appropria-
tions for*the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 328) donating
condemned cannon.
water-gauges on tim mississippi.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 179.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R- No. 179)
authorizing water-gauges to be established and
observations to be made upon the Mississippi
river and its principal tributaries, with a view
to obtaining information required for the pro-
tection of the alluvial lands against overflow,
and for the improvement of navigation. It
directs the Secretary of War to have water-
gauges established, and daily observations
made of the rise and fall, of the lower Missis-
sippi river and its chief tributaries, at or m the
vicinity of St. Louis, Cairo, Memp]his, H,slena.
Napoleon, Providence, V.cksburg, Led Uvor
landing, Baton Rouge, and Carrollton, on the
