1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Louisiana Contested Election—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
"Question. Does not everybody up there keep arms
or carry arias?
uAnswer. I think that the majority of the people
carry arms with them as a part of their dress. They
think that they are not dressed at all if they have
not a six-shooter upon them.
"Question. It is a part of their daily habit?
"Answer. Yes, so far as I can say.
"To Mr. Stevenson:
441 voted the Republican ticket. I believe that
iny own vote was the only Republican vote cast in
the parish, I voted for Mr. DarraU. Idonotknow
whether the returns sent to the secretary of State
show that. I think that Mr. Darrall got more than
two hundred votes tor the senate in April, 1868.
" Question, llow do you account for his getting no
vote at. all at the November election ?
"Answer. I cannot account for it. The Repub-
licans spoke to mo about voting, and said that they
were afraid to vote. I saw no other reason for his
not getting as many votes as he got in the spring.
The people didnot seem to have changed toward him
at all.
" Piiultn Fontelieu, sworn a.nd examined on be-
half of Mr. Bailey.
"To Mr. Bailey:
"1 reside at Abbeville, in the parish of Vermilion.
I keep a billiardsaloon. bar-room, and liveiy stable.
1 aui acquainted with the people of that parish, I
come in contact with them a great deal. X was a
member of the order of the Knights of the White
Camclia. I believe the order numbered three or four
hundred in the whole parish. They had no arms
except their private arms.
" Question. Bid you vote for the constitution?
"Answer. No, sir; I voted againsc'it. In our par-
ish the white people arc not much better off than the
colored men in i egard to reading and writing. Prob-
ably tlnee fourths of the white people do not read.
" Qircition. How does the condition of things since
Ihewardown to the lastNovcmber election compare
■with the condition of things in that parish prior to
tho vvfij, as regards peace and order?
"Ansuw. There is a very great difference between
now and before the war. Before the war it was very
difficult to stay there, and now it is a very peaccablo
pl.ice, and is growing more pea.eeable every day. In
it was rather rough, especially on Sundavs.
There was more disorder in that place before the
war than there has been since."
"L.I. Tansey:
"Qi/pstion. Where do you reside?
I leiido in tiie parish of Vermilion; I
have resided in said parish nearly two years.
"Question. What State were you born in ?
"Answer. In New York, and have resided in Louis-
iana nearly twelve years.
" Quest ion. Bid you ever hold an office in the parish
of Vermilion.
"Answer. I was assistant assessor of internal rev-
enue of the United States, and also supervisor of
registration of voters ot said parish in 18GS.
"Question. Can you speak of the political condi-
tion of that parish m regard to peace and order dur-
ing the year 1868, up to the time of election?
"Answer. Witness states he heard of three or four
murders committed in the parish. Witness states
those murders created greatalarm and consternation
among the freedmcn.
"Question. Do you know if these parties murdered
were ftepublieans ?
"Answer. From what witness knows he believes
they were all Republicans.
"Quotum. Bo you know if the frecdmen were
Republicans by choice?
"Answer. Yes, sir; by choice 1 believe they wcro
ncaily all Republicans; and L believe that ihey would
Live voted the Republican ticket if not restrained
by intimidation or fear. 1 further state that I know
there was an organization there of Democrats called
the lvuklux, who I believed were armed, because I
heard a volley of ten or twelve shots fired close to
mv house at night, shortly after they passed, all of
which was gotten up, I believe, for the purpose of
intimidating tho Republicans there. I also believe
that if the frecdmen had voted the Republican ticket
that many of them would have been turned out of
employment and otherwise badly treated. I know
of no instance where any on frage or attempts at out-
rages were made by the freedmcn against the Dem-
ocrats of that parish; as a general thing, in every
instil nee they were very orderly and quiet."
" D. Smith :
"Question. Where do you reside?
"Aiwcn-. In the parish of Vermilion,whorc I have
resided for the last two years, about.
"(Juetfwn. What is your occupation?
"Attwer. Farming; I have lesided in this Stale
s'bout nine years; my State of nativity is North
1: nolina.
"( w^tu.n. Are you well acquainted with the con-
dition oi things in that parish during the last two
"Anwr. Yes, .sir; very well.
"Qw',tio/i. What is your politics ?
"A>vwer. L have always been a Union man, and
] eleni: to the Republican party.
• finest ion. What is the relative strength of tho
twj apolitical parties there if they had been per-
m'.rted to vole freely?
" Antivcr. The Republicans would be in the major-
ity.
" Question. Were you in the parish during thelate
congressional election?
" Answer. Yes, sir; I was in the parish and near
one of the polls, but did not dare to go the polls to
vote; the threats were such that I was induced to
believe my life would have been in danger had I
done so.
" Question. Were there any means used by the
Democratic party to intimidate and prevent the
Republicans from exercising their rightof voting?
4 Answer. Yes,sir; therewereorganizations,secret
and public, of the Democratic party; said organiza-
tions used threats and made declarations everywhere,
to my knowledge, that if the Republicans attempted
to vote the Republican tickct they would be either
killed or driven from the parish. From the best in-
formation I derived from persons in the parish hun-
dreds of the frecdmen were by force compel led to join
the Democratic party and vote the Democratic ticket;
from my knowledge of the condition of things in the
parish it would have been impossible for the Repub-
licans to have voted their ticket held in November
last. These outrages and threats of the Democratic
organizations produced such a panic and alarm
among the f'reedmen that many of those who were
not forced to join tho Democratic party left the
parish. Portions of the Democratic organization
were armed and patrolled the parish for some months
previous to the election.
" Question. For some months previous to the elec-
tion would it have been possible for the Republicans
to have held meetings in tho parish ?
"Answer. It would have been impossible without
dangor ot being dispersed and danger of being killed
by the mob."'
St. Martin—No valid returns and vote not claimed—
condition.
"V. E. McCarthy;
"Question. Where do you reside ?
"Answer. In the city of New Orleans, Louisiana.
"Question. State whether you were engaged in
canvassing at any time during the late congressional
election in November last in tho third eongrcbaiunal
district.
"Answer. Yes, sir; I was engaged by the Stato
executive committee, (Republican,) and addressed
various meetings at different points in that district.
"Question. Did you speak to any meeting, at any
time, in the parish of St. Martin, while you wore
thus engaged ; and if so, what occurred there?
"Ansxoer. Yes, sir; I spoke in St. Martin parish
in the last of September, 186S. This meeting was
largely attended by frecdmen from that and the
adjoining punches of Lafayette and St. Marys.
They were not armed, and were entirely orderly and
peaceable. Br. Pickct, a prominent Republican of
Lafayette, was assaulted and beaten by armed
men while on his way to attend this meeting. This
caused a disturbance at the meeting, and in a few
moments afterward over two hundred men, armed
with rifles and shot guns, belonging to the Demo-
cratic party, came to the place of meeting, and with
threats of violence, &c., dispersed the people there,
ordering every one to return to their homes. These
men pointed their guns at inc, but the more peace-
able ones restrained the others, and my lile was
saved. While there I telegraphed to Governor War-
moth of this disturbance, but received no reply. I
was forced to secrete myself in order to save my life,
and succeeded m escaping from the parish, finally,
in two or thiec days. A reign of terror existed there,
and no ozic felt safe.
"Question. Are you well acquainted in the parishes
of St. Landry, Lafayette, and St. Martin and St.
Mary's?
"Answer. Yes, Mr, I am, having thoroughly enn-
vassed those narislics at the spring election m 18GS,
and having particular friends there: and it was in-
tended by the executive committee of tho Repub-
lican party that! should canvass those parishes at
the general election in November last.
"Question. Bid you return to speak in any of these
parishes after thodisturbanco spoken of occurred in
the parish of St. Martin ?
" Answer. I attended one meeting in the parish of
St. Mary the week moviuus to the assassination of
Colonel Pope and Judge Chase, where much bitter-
ness was shown towaid me and other Republicans
who were with me. Wo had no protection there what-
evei from the threats of violence that were made.
After the assassination of Colonel Pope and Judge
Chase all the leading Republicans were driven from
that parish; and, to my own knowledge, this same
condition of things existed in the parishes of St.
Landry, Lafayette, and St. Martin. All of the lead-
ing Republicans ot those parishes where in this city
as refugees fiom their own homes. There was no
protect-ion ihcrc. either civil or military, aud we were
compelled to abandon tho-e parishes entirely m our
canva«s of the district." ,
"Oscar Rico;
"Question. Where do you re^ib;?
"Answer. I now reside in ew Orleans.
"Qucrd'ion. Have you ever been in the employ of
tho United States Government?
"Answer. I have been in the Army, and latterly in
the Freedmen's Bureau.
"Question. Were you ever assigned to duty in tho
parishes of Vermilion and Lafayette ?
"Aniwer. I was in charge of the Frecdmen s Bu-
reau lor the whole year iu the parish of Lafayette,
and both parishes from Juh\ 1SG3, to January. 1^C9.
"Question. Statu all you know of the condition,
politically, ot those parishes *incc July, 18US.
"Answer. Previous to. the disturbances and out-
rages in the parishes of St. Landry and St. Martin,
which were contiguous parishes, which disturbances
took place in September, 1868, the parishes that I
had oontrol of were comparatively quiet. After that
the Democrats of Lafayette and Vermilion par-
ishes commenced a system of terrorism, violence,
murder, and driving off all persons of the Repub-
lican party who took any active part in opposition to
the Democrats, under pretense that they feared a
rising of the colored people; they (the Democrats)
formed armed, patrols all over the two parishes. In
the parish of Vermilion these patrols committed
numerous outrages upon the freedmen, shooting,
killing, and drivingthem from their homes. Reports
were brought to me constantly from that parish of
the outrages committed there upon all persons said
to be Republicans.
"Question., Did you ascertain if those charges were
true?
"Answer. As far as it was possible for me to do so
I inquired into the facts, and was satisfied they were
true, as far as is in ray knowledge, of some of them
whom I knew; others I investigated and was satis-
fied that what had been told tnc was true.
" Question. Were numerous complaints made toyou
in your official capacity?
"Answer. Yes; numerous complaints were made
tome of art official character by the freedmen. that
these outrages and persecutions produced great terror
and alarm among them; many didfl.ee from the
parish in fear of their lives.
"Question. From your knowledge of things in those
parishes, would it have been possible for the freed-
men to have voted as they desired to vote at the
November election,for President and Vice President,
and member of Congress, without danger of being
mobbed and killed, or driven off.
"Answer. I do not think it would have been pos-
sible to vote the Republican ticket without incurring
those dangers. Many of the freedmcn came to wit-
ness before and at the day of election, alt of whom
were desirous of voting tho Republican ticket, and
asked my opinion what they should do. There seemed
a general desire to vote for Grant and the Republican
ticket, if thoy could do so with safety. My opinion
was that it was not safe for them to do so. I know a
number of the ireedmen who, for their own safety
and through fear, voted with the Democrats, against
their wish. Witness took no part in politics, and
done nothing but his duty in endeavoring to protect
the rights of the frecdmen. Witness states that tho
Democratic party before the election induced the
freedmcn, by acting on their fears, to sign papers
renouncing the Republican principles and declaring
they would not register a vote in future.
" Question. From what you know of the feelings
of the freedmen of those parishes, were they Repub-
lican in principle ?
" Answer. I believe they wore all, nearly to a man,
Republicans, and are now. Witness states that many
were threatened to be thrown out of employment if
they did not join and support tho Democratic party.
" Question. Was there any protection either by the
civil or military authorities afforded to tho Repub-
licans after these outrages ?
" Answer. Witness considers there was liono. I
officially informed the bureau at New Orleans of
these outrages. There was no military force sent
there.
" Qvesfinn. What State were you born in ?
'' Answer. Witn ess states that h e 1 ived in New Y ork
a long time until he went into the Army, and that he
did not in any manner interfere with elections or in
politics while acting as agent in the Freedmen's
Bureau.
"Question. Wcro tho freedmen, as a class, peace-
able and orderly ?
"Answer. They were; and Iknowof no instance
where they created any disturbance of any kind what-
ever, and know they never went around in armed
bodies for the purpose of creating disturbances dur-
ing tho whole time I was thcro."
The gentleman from Indiana would have the
House believe that the committee are seeking
to establish a new and strange doctrine in this
case. If this were true it might be answered
that we live in strange times when new devices
of wrong require new rules of right. But what
is the principle we seek to apply?
It is, that where parts of a district have been
so far under the control of violence and intimid-
ation as to prevent a fair election the pretended
election therein shall not he upheld, but the
returns from such parts shall be rejected.
Is tberc any novelty in that? The Congress
of the United States adopted it in the recon-
struction acts,aud this Rouse has recently re-,
aflirmed it in the bill to enforce the fifteenth'
article of amendment of the Constitution, and'
there is no other safe rule in such cases. The
gentleman seeks to maintain an exception to
the rule, that the violence and intimidation must
be actual and physical on the very day, at the
very time, and at the very place of the election ;
and must be such as to actually interrupt and
