1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3478
Mr. PLATT. I few that the gentleman from
Ohio, before I can get an opportunity to offer
this amendment, which is very important to
my constituents, will more to close debate on
this clause.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; I do not propose
anything of the kind, but the gentleman'®
amendment relates to a new article, and the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Booklet] rises
to offer some amendment on the subject of
rice, which has not yet been disposed of.
Mr. PLATT. With the understanding that
I shall have an opportunity to offbr my amend*
rnent and explain it I will not press it now.
Mr. BUCKLEY. In line five hundred and
ten I move to insert after the word " paddy"
the words "and uncleaned rice5" bo that it
shall read: " On paddy and uncleaned rice, 1
cent per pound."
The State of Georgia has no Representative
upon this floor to look after her interests, but
her citizens have some interests which we can-
not ignore. I propose by this amendment to
putin uncleaned rioe at the same duty as paddy,
and I do it for the purpose of moving to strike
out the next paragraph; so as to leave cleaned
rice as it now stands, at 2£ cents per pound.
The war nearly destroyed the rice planta-
tions of the South. War, which means destruc-
tion swift and sure, passed over that country.
The ditches were destroyed, the dikes opened,
and the sea let in on the rice plantations. Since
the war only about four tenths of the rice plant-
ations have been worked. The rice plantations
of alone Georgia would produce all the rice that
this country can consume. In 1869 there were
nearly 40,000,000 pounds of rice imported
into this country, worth $1,000,000, and afford-
ing a revenue of $896,610 65. Now, with
that large importation of rice I think we can
afford to let the duty upon cleaned rice remain
at 2J cents per pound, and make a reduction
on these inferior articles of rice. I offer this
amendment in behalf of a large class of our
agricultural people of the South who are now
seeking to provide themselves with homes and
with the comforts of life. This rioe is mostly
raised by the colored population of the South,
who are adapted to its cultivation, who are less
influenced by the malaria of those lowlands
than the whites are. It is in their inter-
est that I ask that this duty on cleaned rice
shall not be redaoed. .
Mr. 6 ABSENT. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUCKLEY. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. I would ask the gentleman
if the effect of his amendment would not be to
reduce the present rate of duty on rice ?
Mr. BUCKLEY. Not at all. It will be
noticed by the returns that very little uncleaned
rice is brought into this country, and still less
uf paddy. The amendment I have proposed
will keep the duty on cleaned rice about as it
is under the present law, while the reduction
it will make of the duty on uncleaned rice and
on paddy will be Very little,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
the mistake occurred about the peanuts of my
friend from Virginia [Mr. Platt] I was about
rising to move to reduce the duty upon rice to
1 cent per pound. Rice is another article of
cheap food for the poorer classes of the South
and of the North ,; for the poorer classes of
the entire country. Upon the showing of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Buckley] the
duty proposed here is almost at the rate of 100
per cent, for he Bays that the revenue derived
from $1,000,000 worth of rice was almost
$900,000. Indeed 2 cents per pound is eqnal
t0 100 per cent, ad valorem.
No w, if the manufacturers who have to stand
•o much of the obloquy of this bill, if there is
any obloquy attached to it, should ask for a
protection of 100 per cent., what would be
said? I wish to call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] and others
to the fact that I have not asked for any in-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 218.
crease of duty in favof of the manufacturer. I
have been steadily at work, whenever I could
see cause to do so, endeavoring to bring down
the tariff to what I believe to be the necessities
of labor and of life. It is true, as the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Buckley] says, that
most of the rice in this country is raised by
negro labor, but not by negroes as proprie-
tors. It is raised by negroes as hired laborers
in the unhealthy ricB fields and swamps. This
duty is one imposed wholly in the interest of
the capitalist against the laborer. I for one
will not consent to tax a staple article of the
food of the poor 100 per dent., as 2 cents per
pound on rice would be.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Rice is raised by negroes
usually on shares. They take their pay in
shares, and the amount of their wages is gov-
erned by the price of rice.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, the
shares a man would get out of a flint by skin-
ning it. I understand thoroughly that matter
of shares. They are hired to be paid in shares
of the crop, and as soon as the crop is secure
they are hunted off by dog and gun. Now,
sir, this duty upon rice is in favor of capital
against labor, and against cheap food, and as
such it never shall have my vote. And when-
ever I have the opportunity, I will move to
reduce the duty to 1 cent per pound on rice,
cleaned and uncleaned.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment so as to reduce the duty one tenth
of 1 cent per pound. This is another instance
ia which we have not been able at least to sat-
isfy all parties, if any, in an attempt to lower
the rate of duty. I admit that there is a very
large interest in this country in rice. I want
it to be borne in mind that we can supply all
the world, unless it may be the Indies, with
rice from this country. No rice is imported
on the Atlantic coast from foreign countries;
we get all we use from our own southern States.
Rice is imported on the Pacific coast, partic-
ularly sinoe the influx there of the Chinese
population, of whom it is, as is well known, a
staple article of food. The present duty upon
paddy is 1£ cents per pound j reducing that to
an ad valorem standard it is a very high rate
of duty, because the value of paddy, in 1868
at least, was only 90 cent* the 100 pounds, or
nine tenths of 1 cent per pound, ana it ip, per-
haps, even less than that now. It certainly
would bear th« reduction of duty which we
have proposed, to 1 cent per pound.
We have been told that there is no distinction
between paddy and uncleared rice which would
require the provision contained in the next
paragraph, ''On rice, cleaned or uncleaned,7'
&c. Now, the fact is, that there is a large
amount of rice imported into this country, es-
pecially by one large Chinese house, under the
Dretense that it is uncleaned rice, when in fact
it is to all intents and putposes cleaned lice.
In order to prevent this imposition practiced
at the custom-house, we a?e driveta, as the
gentlemen from California will understand
from the character of the importation there,
to designate paddy in the first place rice in
the hull, and then tousa the words cleaned or
uncleaned as to rice itself, which is not paddy,
which is not rice in the hull. We have there-
fore put cleaned andiinoleanedrieeat the same
rate, 2 cents a pound, in order to head off that
fraud.
This is a reduction of onehaif a eeut oti the
present duty, which is 2} cent*. In jnakintf
this reduction we have taken into consideration
the feet that the rice crop b&foM tke war was
large, and the price low; and even then the
duty afforded a very large protection, if pro-
tection be needed. We were willing to givfe
protection , which seems to be considered neces-
sary, to this product of the fields bf the Southj
bet sorely those interested in this production
cannot ask much more protection than this.
Taking 1868 as a standard—I have not the
returns for 18G9—the average value of rice was
then cents a pound, while the duty was 2J
cents, making a protective duty of 82 per cent.
ad valorem. Upon uncleaned rice, worth only
1J cents a pound, the duty was 2 cents—more
than 100 per cent. We now put all rice in one
category at 2 cents instead of 2J, leaving paddy
to be reduced in still greater proportion—from
lj cents to 1 cent. There might be some rea-
son for reducing this duty below that which the
Committee of Ways and Means propose; but I
do not thiiiik there can be any need on the part
of the rice-growers themselves for making the
duty higher.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I think, with tho lights
before me, that we ought'to look at this sub-
ject carefully before we come to any conclu-
sion. If there is no considerable amount of
rice imported into this country, then it seems
to me a duty of 2 cents a pound will amount
to a prohibition upon the importation. I am
not very familiar with the rice-fields of the
South, and am not prepared to say whether
there is or is not any considerable quantity of
rice imported, but I take it that there is a great
deal; and therefore, as I have remarked, we
should be very careful in fixing the rate of duty.
I have looked at this tariff question from the
time this bill was first brought up in this House
until now. My attention has been attracted to
many articles the duties upon which in ray view
preclude entirely the idea of a tariff, because
they are in their effect prohibitory. I think
some other members have come to the same
conclusion. Our object is, or should be, to
obtain revenue for the Government, and we
may defeat this object by these practically pro-
hibitory duties.
I am not prepared to say that I shall not
Concur in the recommendations of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means upon this subject,*
taking it for granted that they have more in-
formation on the question than 1 have. I regret,
however, that in the coarse of this debate the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] true to his instincts, cannot let the
foor, downtrodden people of the section which
represent rest in quiet. Whatever the ques-
tion before the House he must hurl his thunder-
bolts of wrath against those who are powerless
for defense. In the name of the American
people, and in behalf of all that is right, I pro-
test against these cowardly assaults upon unof-
fending people, who are not able to protect
themselves against the attacks of such an
enemy as the gentleman from Massachusetts
manifests himself to be on thi3 floor. Sir, it is
unkind, it is inconsistent with the eharacter of
a brave man, it does not accord with the view
whioh I have been disposed to adopt of the
character of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
for lam, whenever we are discussing on this
floor a proposition of this kind, to intimate
that the poor negro of the South is regularly
cheated out of his wages by those who hire him.
Such a charge is unkind and unjust to the
people of the South, and it is untrue in fact.
I cannot see* if we are to have peace and
quietness in this country, why men should
come into this House and throw these fire-
brands abroad for the purpose of keeping up
dissensions among our people; as has been
done by'the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] in the speech he has just made.
I protest against it in the native of the people
of this country. In the name of all that is
good, I protest against it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. ROGERS. In conclusion, Mr. Chair-
man, I say " Let us have peace." [Laughter. ]
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his amendment, mid I will
renew it;
Mr. SCHENCK. i will do bo if the gentle-
