iam
THE OOTORESSltaX GLOBE.
2-TS
porate. it m the presaat-biH, I have in .my hand
an amendment which I will read to him: .
But aojthing m this act shall be deemed to reaiire
the ifow York, Newfoundland, and London Tele-
graph'{tampany,* in case! it shall elect to extend its
cables to the United-States reaching any point north
of ,Cape Hatferas, to surrender any rights in the Brit-
ish colonies heretofore granted the said,company,
_ The.purpose of the- amendment, in a word,
is this: the New York,. Newfoundland, and
London Telegraph Company have made use
of the land belonging to the, British colonies as
a bridge-builder might make use of a pier when
crossing a long span; and the design was and is
to bring the cp.ble this way until it shall touch
our shores. It is not the purpose of the com-
mittee, or'I believe of anybody, so, to legis-
late as to require this company to surrender
those rights and opportunities in the British
possessions which it now enjoj's. Therefore
I submit the amendment which I suggest, at
the same time calling the attention o£ the Sen-
ator to joint resolution No. 12.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator-have that
referred to the committee at the same time ?
Mr. GONKLING. I send it up to be referred;
and I do it with, the request that the honorable
Senator and the committee will give it such
consideration and form as they deem advisable.
Mr. MORTON. There is another reason,
I think, why this bill should be recommitted.
There is matter commencing in the thirty-
second line of the first section which I imagine
has been overlooked by the committee itself;
as one member of the committee it never
occurred to me until now. The third condition,
beginning on the twenty-second line, authorizes
the Government to determine the price for
which Government messages shall be trans-
mitted, and the fifth condition authorizes our
Government to fix the price for transmitting all
messages without consulting them on the other
sidfe.
Mr. CONKLING. I have called attention
to that.
Mr. MORTON. 'I was not aware of that.
It says "it shall be at all times within the power
of Congress to determine the rates to be charged
for the transmission of messages and communi-
cations oyer any such line or cable." Now, for
our Government to assume to itself the power
to fix'the rate for the transmission of all mes-
sages, public and private, is a thing that ought
not to be conceded by the other side, and would
not be. I think the bill ought to be recom-
mitted, that that may be considered.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall make no objection
to the recommitment of this bill. This debate
to-day, which the Senate will bear me witness
I have sought to bring on now for several days,
has accomplishedin part the object I had in view.
I desired that this important question should be
opened to the Senate. I use language care-
fally whenl say "thisimportantquestion," for
it is very important. The Senate has already
found in what various directions it runs ; how
many different topics it opens; how it affebts
our relations with foreign Powers, and with
the neighboring colonies. It is important that
the Senate should know the character of the
questions involved. I have anticipated some
of these questions. Having given some atten-
tion to the subject, I was prepared to act upon
it at once, yet I am not surprised that other
Senators require time, and I am glad that the
committee will have another opportunity of
considering the subject and of reviewing their
past action. At the same time let me add one
word of explanation.
This bill, as the Senator from Indiana knows,
wag the subject of careful consideration in
the committee; and I may add that of all
Measures now pending before the Senate there
is no measure which has in it so much of the
labor and of the intelligence of the late Senator
from Maine (Mr. Fessenden) as this bill. It
in large part proceeded from him. The regu-
lations in their main features were drafted by
him, and they were afterwards carefully con-
41st Cons. 2d Sess.—No. 18.
sidered in the committee and, adopted there; -
The.bill, as the Senate-knows, has already (Sice,
passed this body,.but failed iri.the other Hquse
through want of time, was then reported-ag&ip,
at the last session to theSenate, and now comes
up on that repo.rt ;■ but when .reported- at the-
last session the French cable: had not landed-
As that cable has landed since, it, became im-
portant that the bill should be made applicable
to the French cable.
It was under' those circumstances, the bill-
being-on the Calendar, that I took-advantage,
of the counsels of a member of the committee
with whom I was able to consult When I called
up the bill, and it, was with his concurrence
that I moved the amendment that I did. I
moved it on my own-responsibility as a Senator
in concurrence with a member of the commit-
tee. I did not move.it as from the committee,
but I took the responsibility tinder the circum-
stances of the case, and as I believed the best
way of meeting the exigency. However, the
whole subject will go to the committee, where
I have no doubt it will be fully considered.
One word more. Allusion has been made to
the bearing of this bill on our lines with Can-
ada. The more I reflect upon that, the more I
am led to two conclusions. In the first place,
if it does bear on those lines so much the bet-
ter. In the second place, it does not bear on
those lines, and for this plain specific reason;
those lines are all in our country or in Canada.
Those in our country at the border line touch
the Canada line without traversing any neutral
country or neutral waters.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But this bill speaks of
waters and lands.
Mr, SUMNER. There is no neutral region,
land or water, between. [Mr. Edmunds rose.]
Let me finish. There is no neutral land or water
between the two lines; whereasbetween France
and the United States there is the vast neutral
ocean ; and that is the difference between them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if the Senator will
permit me to call his attention to his bill, the
express language of it is, " lands within the
jurisdiction of the United States." The utter-
most verge of our territory adjoining Canada
is certainly land within the jurisdiction of the
United States; and so the water is too. We may
say, on the Blackstonian definition of it, that
the law takes a dry view of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think if the Senator bears
in mind the distinction I have tried to present
he will see it is specific. There is an ocean
between France and the United States. There
is a neutral region between the two. There is
none between Canada and the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill does not speak
of any such thing; that is the trouble.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to state very briefly
a single consideration to the Senate. It is
obvious that if we have a right to prescribe
conditions in the matter of transatlantic or
transoceanic cables the country on the other
side of the ocean, at the other end of the cable,
has an equal right with us to prescribe condi-
tions. If we can prescribe conditions in respect
to the French cable, France has an equal right
to prescribe conditions. What good, then,
does an act of Congress do ? It settles nothing.
It is plainly a matter of treaty stipulation; and
the only mode in which you can arrive at a
definite, permanent, satisfactory solution of
this matter is by treaty. You cannot prescribe
conditions here that will be binding on France,
nor can France prescribe conditions that will
be binding upon us. It is a matter of conven-
tion ; and if therefore we are to have ocean
cables at all, the matter should be settled by
the treaty-making power. For that reason,
sir, I am opposed to this bill. I am also op-
posed to it because I see in it the declaration,
or rather the making of a precedent, under
which Congress shall assume to regulate the
tariffs on all the railroads, and, for aught I
know, all the canals of the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stew-
art.): ' The question is an the motion to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. With the pending proposi-
tion a«$ all the accompanying amendments.
Mr. GONKLING. And I suggest that they
alThe?RBSIDING OFFICER, The order
to print.wiil' W entered 'if there be nootgec-
tion. The vpestion now is on the motion to
recommit. " * - .
The. motion; was agreed to.
CLAIMS .or LOYAL STEAMBOAT OWNERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I.now ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
291, to encourage and promote thelnternational
Industrial Exhibition to be. held in Washington
city in the year 1871.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator does not expect
action oil that bill to-night. I ask him, there-
fore, to defer his motion and allow me to take
up a bill which I think can be voted upon with-
out any debate, the bill to which I referred
this afternoon.
Mr. HAMLIN. I know so well what are the
chances in the Senate that while-1, should very
much- like to accommodate my friend I very
much more want the bill taken up. I wish to
take a little of the time of the Senate in adopt-
ing some amendments to it, so that the Senate
can have the bill before them to-morrow as it
shall be amended. I hope the Senator will
allow me to do that.
Mr. HOWE. I thought the Senator agreed
to let me pass this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I eive way.
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Maine withdraw his motion ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do.
Mr. HOWE. Then I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 4.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion. (H. R. No. 4) relating to steamboats and
other vessels owned in the loyal States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution is before the Senate.
_ Mr. HOWE. This joint resolution was con-
sidered at the last session and reported to the
Senate.
Mr. CONIiLING. I should like to know
what it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that it be read at
length.
The Secretary read as follows:
u ™°lJ>?d< *«•. That the act of Jebruary 19,
1867, en titled An act to declare the sense of an act
entitled. An act to restrict the jurisdiction of the
Court of Clsiims, &c„ shallnot apply to norbecon-
strued to debar the settlement of claims for steam-
boats or other vessels taken without consent of the
ownoij or impressed into the military service of the
United States, during: the late war, in States or parts
ot states declared m insurrection: Provided That
the claimants were loyal at the time their claims
originated and remained loyal thereafter, and were
residents of loyal States, and such, steamboats or
other vessels were m the insurrectionary districts by
proper authority, namely, charter, contract, impress-
ment. f\r m _ _ _ * . ^ . 130
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
amendment the question is on ordering the
joint resolution to be read the third time?
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have some
explanation of it.
Mr. HOWE. This resolution passed the
House of Representatives at the last session
tChemLhflT-t0ntke SeDate' waa con8idered by
the Senate m Committee of the Whole ; some
amendments were proposed and voted down ;
mMtShnt° t th<? Senate without amend-
vofve'd^th^^^'i ?0W 11111011 raoncy is in-
T, the resolution ?
theTvS°WE' Th? Seeood Comptroller of
treasury says that the amount of claims
