1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
unless they hare the right to make uj> the defi-
ciencies beyond the limit. I hope, inasmuch
as this is simply making good to them what
is promised to them by their charter, that the
Senate cannot hesitate to give them this further
privilege. I think it is certainly a very import-
Hiit provision in regard to the credit of the com-
pany and their ability to raise money to carry
on the work. It is a vast undertaking, it is true;
it involves a vast outlay of money; but this
money will be raised chiefly by the sale or
mortgage of the lands placed ia their control
liy the Government of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I agree
measurably with what the Senator from Mich-
igan has said in reference to the importance of
this enterprise; but I submit to the Senate that
there most be some limit to land grants. The
Senator from Iowa and myself were upon the
Committee on Public Lands in 1864, when this
charter was granted, and this whole subject
was then canvassed in the committee. Until
the legislation upon the Paci&c railroad no
company or corporation ever got from Congress
more than twenty sections of land to the mile.
Indeed, they generally did not get that, even
where the bills called for it. Until the Pacific
railroad bill passed the Senate no corporation
ever got more than ten sections to the mile,
and until 1861 no corporation ever had over
sis sections to the mile. From time to time
we have been increasing the amount of public
lands granted to these various corporations, or
generally to the States for the benefit of certain
corporations.
In 18C4 it was claimed that Congress having
passedaPacificrailroad bill in which itgranted
both lands and bonds, here was an enterprise,
the Northern Pacific railway, that could be built
upon lands alone; and entertaining that view,
and being friendly to the enterprise, as Congress
was and I hope is, the Committee on Public
Lands—not the Comnyttee on the Pacific Rail-
road—did recommend the passage of a bill
granting forty sections of land to the mile; and
it was provided in that bill that the company
should not mortgage either its road or its lands.
It was distinctly understood and agreed that
this road should be constructed, as perhaps no
other ever was, and I do not know that one ever
can be, upon the stock of the company with a
land grant large and certain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas will suspend his remarks. The morning
hour having expired, the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment on Friday, being
the landing bill, is before the Senate, and the
Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOYVARD. I think we shall get through
with this bill in a few miuutes, if the Senator
from Ohio will yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already stated to
Senators, upon applications as to other bills, ;
that I will nor yield.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I move that the order
of the day be postponed for half an hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know how
the Senator can get the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg pardon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio is recognized when the special order
is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say to the
Senator from Michigan that I am in favor of
the passage of his bill, and at any time will aid
in passing it; but if I give way now to him, I
shall have to give way to others.
Mr. POMEROY. I am in favor of passing
the bill when it is put in the shape ii ought
to be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection now,
if there can be a vote taken without further
debate, to allowing the vote to be taken.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
tne, I will move that the order of the day be
postponed for half an hour.
Mr' * object to that.
Mr. SIEW4.RT. I think a rote can b®
taken now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio consent to allow the funding bill to
go over informally?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill fn. R. No. 1336) granting a pension
to Anna Ii. Snyder;
A bill (H- R. No. 1337) granting a pension
to Thomas Clair;
A bill (H. R. No. 1342) granting a pension
to Emma M. Moore;
A bill (H. R. No. 1343) granting a pension
to Ann Annis;
A bill (H. R. No. 1344) granting a pension
to Delilah Robertson, of Macon, Missouri; and
_ A bill (H. Ii. No. 974) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year endiug
the 30th of June, 1871.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No.
124) to amend an act entitled "An act for the
relief of Henry C. Noves."
The message further announced that the
House had passed a concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives in regard to
priuting additional copies of the eulogies of
the late Senator Fessenden, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the joint resolution
(S. _R. No. 117) to pass to the credit of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers the fund belonging to it for the relief of
sick and wounded soldiers ; and it was there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
committee service.
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, before he proceeds, I ask con-
sent to be excused from further service upon
the Committee on Education'and Labor, and
that the vacancy be fil ed by the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered; and the Chair
appoints the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Revels] to fill the vacancy.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to excuse
ne from further service upon the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities,
and that the Chair appoint some other Senator
in my place.
There being no objection, it was bo ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask to be excused from
further service upon the Committee on Mines
and Mining, and that the Chair fill the vacancy.
It was so ordered.
house bills llBTERRED.
The following bills were severally read'twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 1336) granting a pension
to Anna B. Snyder }
A bill (H. R. No. 1337) granting a pension
; to 1 homas Clair;
A bill (H. R. No. 1342) granting a pension
to Emma M. Moore;
A bill (H. R. No. 1343) granting a pension
to Ann Annis ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1344) granting a pension
to Delilah Robertson, of Macon, Missouri.
The bill (H. R. No. 974) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year j
ending the 30th of June, 1871, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
eulogies on senator fe8sbndev. !
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the j
Senate the concurrent resolution of the House
of Representatives in regard to printing addi- I
tional copies of the eulogies of the late Senator
Fessenden.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask that the Senate
concur in this resolution. It has been before
the Committee on Printing.
i By unanimous consent, the resolution was
j considered, and adopted, as follows:
1 Jletolved by the Houteof litpretenlativea, (the Senato
i concurring,) That there be printed tire thousand extra
I oopies of tho eulogies upon tho late Senator Fessen-
i den for the use of the House, to be distributed upon
the basis of a full House; and threo thousand extra
oopies for the use of the Senate.
removal op disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote of the Senate on concurring in
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 436) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
taxes on indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 19th instant, requesting to be in-
formed if any officer of the Government has,
contrary to the tenth article of the treaty of
July 19, 1866, with the Cherokee nation, en-
| forced or sought to enforce the payment of
taxes by Cherokees on products manufactured
in the Cherokee nation and sold within the
Indian territory; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
tiih funding bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The funding bill
is now before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that he allow the regular order to
be postponed for half an hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will lead to debate.
I must object to it on the ground I have already
stated ; and besides, at the close of my remarks
on this bill Senators desire very much to go
into executive session, and I Cannot encroach
upon that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
also state to the Senator from Michigan that
by the eleventh rule, which the Senate has in-
structed the Chair to enforce strictly, a motion
to postpone a special order or unfinished busi-
ness for half an hour would not be in order
unless by unanimous consent. They are now
generally postponed subject to demand for the
regular order.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 380) to
authorize the refunding and consolidation of
of the national debt, to extend banking facilities
and to establish specie payments.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the amendment of the
Committee on Finance be read. The amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance to strike
out all after the enacting clause and to insert a
substitute.
Mr. SUMNER. As the original bill has
never been read in the Senate I submit whether
on the whole we should not begin by reading
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator insists on
that let it be read.
MnSUMNER. If the Senator objects I do
not wish to press it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that it be read as
part of my speech. I wish to direct my remarks
to the bill itself.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection. I
merely wished to call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that the original bill, to which the
amendment of the committee as a substitute is
proposed, has never been read in the Senate.
When I come to consider it I may also claim
the same indulgence as the Senator now does.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should have no objection
but for the consumption of time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any Senatorcan
demand the reading of the original bill. The
