274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
filed there which would have to be considered
under this joint resolution is $398,373 27. He
"Theownersof these steamboats and sailingves-
sels resided at the date of filing their applications in
Maine, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia,
Ohio, Michigan-, Illinois, Minnesota, Missouri, Ken-
tucky,Iowa, Nebraska, and Wisconsin. ITromtheevi-
dence contained in said application said steamboats
and sailing vessels appear to have been taken by the
military authorities of the United States for the pur-
pose of Army transportation, and when, not lost or
destroyed in the service they were restored to the
owners. Application is therefore made for com-
pensation for the use, or in case of Joss for the value
of such vessels. Settlements of this kind of claims
prior to the passage of the act of February 19. 1867,
declaring the sense of the act of July 4, 1864, had
been made by virtue of the act of March 3, 1849. If
the sum necessary to*liquidate the unsettled claims
above mentioned be based upon the settlements
already made seventy-five per cent, of the gross
amount would be sufficient for this purpose."
That is the statement made by the Second
Comptroller, and that is the amount of money
involved.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to amend the bill
in the thirteenth line by striking out the words
"and were residents of loyal States."
Mr. HOWE. Now, let me say to the Senator
from North Carolina that there is another bill
which will by and by be moved, which will
provide, if the Senate agree to it, for the class
of claims which ho wishes to provide for by his
amendment, and the Senate, while this joint
resolution was in Committee of the Whole,
voted down the vory amendment which he now
offers.
Mr. ABBOTT. If there is another bill on
this subject to be brought up hereafter I will
withdraw the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina withdraws his amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to state in a single
w<>rd that I do not like the theory upon which
this joint resolution goes. It is too late for us
now, when the States are nearly all restored,
to pass a new law discriminating against loyal
American citizens wherever they may live. It
is now four years since the war ended, and if
we are to pass a bill saying that if a loyal man
lived Nortli his claim shall be considered, while
if he lived somewhere else it cannot be con-
sidered, I say the theory is wrong. It is an
entirely wrong theory on which to legislate at
this time. I supported all this class of legis-
lation during the war. I considered that these
people were committed to the condition of their
States, even if they were loyal and had to fol-
low the fortunes of their States, but to come
forward now, four years after the war, when
the States are nearly all restored and pass a law
affording relief to citizens who lived North and
not to those who lived South, I say is wrong
and it is too late to act on any such theory.
That is my opinion.
Iklr. WILLIAMS. I remember that when
this resolution was before the Senate at the last
session it appeared to me that it was objection-
able in one respect; and if the Senate will allow
me I will point out the objection which I took
to it at that time and to which I call the atten-
tion of the Senate now, and they can take such
action upon it as they see proper. The proviso
reads as follows:
claimants were loyal at the
e'aiuis originated, and remained loyal
1 ?<? ' u , were ,res'dents of loyal States, and
such steamboats or other vessols were in the insur-
d!stn?ts- by I"™1* authorUy, namely,
charter, contract, impressment, or in conformity
S' ;ulhS °rf reealatl0nJ established by the Secre-
oftVeUnftS satS. nd aPPr°Ved by Ul° Presi<ient
The objection that occurred to my mind to
fins joint resolution attlie last session was this ■
tlmt persons living in the loyal States, who
might be loyal citizens, could contract with
rebels to furnish them with steamships, or
bouts, or vessels, or whatever they were, and
while they were under that contract and used
by the rebels, if they were taken by the Gov-
ernment, the Government under this resolu-
tion would be bound to pay for those vessels.
I think the joint resolution is open to that con-
struction, and unless it is modified in some
way——
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me
to make him a suggestion right there ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes,'sir:
- Mr. HOWE. We had acts on the statute-
book which prohibited a boat or vessel from
going down there at all for any purpose, except
under specific regulations pointed out in the
acts. There must be a requisition, at one
time, by the War Department. They must go
down there for military or naval purposes.
There must be a special permission from the
Secretary of the Treasury; and every move-
ment was regulated by those acts of Congress
and by regulations of the Treasury Depart-
ment. I hold in my hand a volume of those
regulations, and this joint resolution only pro-
vides for boats which were down there in
accordance with the regulations.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume that is the view
of the resolution taken by the Senator, but it
will bear a different construction. Notwith-
standing there may have been regulations in
reference to vessels going from 'the loyal into
the insurrectionary States, it is possible that
vessels were there contrary to thoseregulations.
Now, it is a fact with which we are well ac-
quainted that men living in the loyal States
did attempt in various ways to make money
out of the war, and some may have attempted
to do so by furnishing rebels with vessels to
accommodate them in their military operations;
and this resolution provides, without qualifi-
cation—that is the language of it; I do not
know what meaning maybe intended or what
construction may be put upon it—that if a ves-
sel belonging to a citizen of a loyal State was
in the insurrectionary States under a contract
with that loyal citizen, and the Government
took that vessel, it is bound to pay for it, though
it might have been there contrary to the regu-
lations of the Department at that time, or
though it might have been there aiding the
rebels in their efforts to destroy the Govern-
ment. I think the Senator ought to modify
the resolution in some respect to meet this
objection ; otherwise, it is a measure for which
I am not able to vote.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and was road the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would he well
enough to have the joint resolution deliberately
read over.
. 'Hie VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read
in full on the question of its passage.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was passed.
revenue report.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
291, to encourage and promote the interna-
tional industrial exhibition to be held in Wash-
ington city in the year 1871.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. We had better not adjourn
just yet.
, Mr. ANTHONY. Before the Senate ad-
journal wish to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Printing, for the convenience of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts has moved that the Senate ad-
journ, and that is not debatable if the Senator
persists in the motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts withdraws it for a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw it.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
Irom Rhode Island asks unanimous consent
pending the motion of the Senator from Maine
to make a report from the Committee on Print-
ing. Is there objection?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection so that
it does not displace the pending motion to take
up Senate bill No. 291.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is merely to provide
for the printing of the report of the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate
should adjourn before the question is taken
on the motion of the Senator from Maine it
will not be the unfinished business to-morrow,
of course.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
extra copies of the report of the Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue, have instructed me
to report back the same with an amendment,
and to ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution, which was submit-
ted by Mr. Sherman yesterday, as follows:
, Resolved by tile Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed for the use
of the Senate live thousand copies of the report of
the Special Commissioner of the Revenue, and for
the use of the Treasury Department one thousand
copies, bound with the appendices complete.
The Committee on Printing reported the
resolution with an amendment, to insert the
following words:
And for the -use of the House of Representatives
twelve thousand copies.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
washington international exhibition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Maine,
[Mr._ Hahi.i ,] that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 291, in regard
to the international industrial exhibition to be
held in this city.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. A motion was made to ad-
journ, which was withdrawn for a moment,
and I suppose it is the understanding that we
are not to go on and consider the bill of the
Senator from Maine now. I therefore ask
unanimous consent to take up a little joint
resolution which we can pass in a moment,
and which nobody will opnose.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to it. This bill is
before the Senate, and if there is anything fur-
ther to be done here to-day let us proceed
with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine objects. The bill is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, and the Secre-
tary will report it in full.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 14.
Mr- SPENCER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
• ^r' ^EWART. I hope we shall not ad-
journ. There are several messages to come
irom the House of Representatives, and we
ought to wait until we receive them. I presume
we shall receive them in a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
During the roll-call, Mr. Clikto.y Lloyd,
Chief Clerk of the House of Representatives,
appeared below the bar with a message from
the House.
The Secretary having concluded the roll-call,
The, VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, before the announcement of the vote
on the motion to adjourn the Chair will receive
a message from the House of Representatives.
message prom the iiodse.
_ A message from the House of Represenfa,-
tives, by Mr Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the concurrent resolution of the Senate to print
in pamphlet form the addresses delivered iti
the Senate and House of Representatives on
Lp0ca®10.n of the announcement of the death
oi Hon. William Pitt Eessenden.
