2530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
tilings rest upon higher laws than any Congress
can enact—the laws of supply and demand, of
production and consumption. In turn, now, we
have an excess of cotton goods and complaints
of depression in that trade. These troubles,
however, are all beyond the reach of tariffs
and tariff duties. The l.iss we attempt to in-
terfere in these matters by Congress the better
for the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. The question before the
Committee of the Whole is a very narrow one.
It i* whether wool 011 the skin shall pay the
name duly that it would if clipped. That is the
whole question; nothing more, nothing less.
Is it wool? If so, should it not pay the duty
imposed on wool? That is the whole question
upon which gentlemen are hanging this dis-
cussion.
Finding that there was a flaw in the law, or
a misinterpretation in the customs department,
in consequence of which a few skins of wool
were admitted under a general law which
allowed that kind of wool to come in at a duty
of 4 cents per pound, importers ceased to clip
the wool and brought it in on the skin, paying
a duty of 20 per cent, on the valuation, as an
unenumerated article, instead of the rates fixed
under your law. Now, will you say to the hon-
est importer that he should not pay the duties
you have prescribed, but may import wool on
the skin? Or will you say, 011 the other hand,
to the dishonest importers, who, however crafty
and dishonest they may be, will continue to
make importations, that they shall pay the
duties required by your law? 1 reiterate that
that is Ihe only question.
Differing a little from the gentleman who
has just taken his seat, [Mr. Njbl.u-k,] while
admitting that he has made the fairest general
statement of the wool question that has been
made on tlmt side of the House, I myself
aflirm that the protective tariff on wool has
had precisely the same effect that a protective
tariff on everything else has had. Insuring our
market to the wool-grower has led him to raise
sheep and produce wool. So insuring our
market for pig iron has led to the erection of
furnaces and increased production of that arti-
cle ; and insulin," our market for Bessemer
rails has led to the building of rail mills, and
1111 increased production of that article. The
philosophy of protection has been illustrated
in regard to the raising of sheep, for it has
enabled our people to double the number of
their sheep in two years. Australia and the Cape
of Good 11 ope, great sheep-growing countries,
recognizing the immense demand for wool
made by our war, and the closing up of our
cotton-fields, went to raising wool, and pro-
duced a great excess of it. Audi ask gentlemen
what, price fbe American wool-grower would
be getting for his wool but for this tariff?
To answer that question I turn to the report
of Mr. Wells, so favorably received by the free-
traders of this House, lie says that in the first
halt'of the year J 807 the price of the Cape and
South American wool was 15,^ cents per pound ;
but in the spring of that year, the duty on wool
having been increased to 10 cents per pound and
11 pur cent, ad valorem, the price went down
to 13,4,, cents per pound. That was in the fall
of 1807 ; and in the year 1808 the price of Cape
and South American wool further declined to
101I1 cents per pound. So that if it were not
for that protection on wool the sheep of Indi-
ana would not be worth their food, would not
be worth killing; they would be valuable alone
for their tallow.
Mr. NIBLAOK. Will the gentleman allow
me one word?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. They are more valuable
now for mutton than for wool.
Mr. KELLEY. That is true as to the ex-
cess of sheep; but when in proper number,
according to the demand for wool, they are
more valuable now than they ever were in
Indiana or any of the other States of the Union.
Before I close, I want, to reply to a remark of
the gentleman from New York, who spoke of
the Chinese labor in California as the cheap-
est labor in the world. If he will refer to
the reports of the Bureau of Statistics he will
find that those Chinese are getting three times
the wages obtained by the laboring people of
Prussia and Belgium. The Chinese in Califor-
nia are receiving 90 cents a day, with rent, fuel,
and light; while in Belgium and Prussia the
native workmen are earning from 14 to 40
cents a day, without fuel or light.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACTv. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I do not care to discuss the
proposition now before the House, for I feel
110 particular interest in it. But I wi,sh to say
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kfj.lev] is right in his statement, that the
Chinamen now working in the woolen mills of
California get 90 cents a day, which is much
more than is paid to similar operatives in many
foreign countries. Bat while those Chinamen,
whose importation into this country was pro-
cured by just such legislation as this, are receiv-
ing 90 cents a day, there are, as appears from
newspapers on my desk, three thousand starv-
ing men walking up and down the streets of
San Francisco, and the ordinary police force
has to be doubled, trebled, quadrupled, to pre-
vent, the contents of the banks from being
seized by these white men who are starving for
bread. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
says, "Let us raise our tariffs to protect, the
skilled laborers of our country;" and at, the
same time he argues that these tariffs increase
the wages of labor, and that the increase of
wages stimulates immigration.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think I must raise a
point of order on the gentleman. I am afraid
we shall never get through this bill unless gen-
tlemen confine themselves to the question;
and the question at present is whether wool
011 the skm should pay a greater duty than
wool not on the skin.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am coming to the point
in my own way ; and if I do so it is, I appre-
hend, nobody's business, provided I do not
violate the rules of the House.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania makes
the two propositions 1 have stated ; and then
he allies himself with the class of jiolitieal
philosophers who preach that we must have
cheap labor to develop the resources of the
country. T say, with all proper respect, that
there is not a particle of sense in such doc-
trine. i do not want to denounce the system of
taxation by tariff bills, if taxation it be, be-
cause the Government must have revenue, and
I am willing to support a judicious tariff. I
expect to support pretty generally the bill be-
fore the House, as I have done thus far; but
if I could follow out my own views on this
subject I would certainly go for free trade.
While I support this measure I wish to say—
and I trust J may to this extent be permitted
to digress from the question immediately be-
fore the House—that I do not consider myself
to any extent responsible for the necessity that
requires the passage of such bills. I had noth-
ing to do with bringing on the war or creating
the present vast public debt; bnt I will give
my aid in helping the country through, and I
prefer to raise revenue in this way rather than
by direct taxation. I must ask pardon of the
House for having traveled somewhat outside
of the record. I felt called upon to make
some reply to the positions which have been
taken in this House by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania,
Mr. COVODE obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 serve notice upon the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covonn]
that if he does not confine himself to the ques-
tion of wool on the skirl I will raise a point
of order on him. [Laughter.]
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Chairman, as I am
located out on the border, and do not often
know what is going 011 in thispartof the House,
I came down here when I heard gentlemen dis-
cussing the wool question to see whether they
understood it, and I have heard a great deal
said by men who know little about the subject.
I happen to be the man who first convened
the wool-growers and the wool manufacturers
of the United States, or their representatives,
at New York, being one of the directors myself
of the National Wool Manufacturers' Associa-
tion. I invited Mr. Randall, the large wool-
man of New York, to meet with us and see
whether we could not devise some plan by which
harmony would exist in the legislation of the
country on the question of wool and woolens.
I was appointed a member of the committee to
meet at Syracuse and confer with the wool-
growers there for the purpose of hitting on the
tax and tariff we were requested to do by the
Commissioner of the Revenue. In that conven-
tion we proposed a tariff on wool and woolens
to compare with the internal revenue tax which
was being collected. We met at the St. Nich-
olas Hotel, in New York, and there we drafted
a bill and had it printed. That bill was after-
ward passed by Congress to protect wool and
woolens.
The gentleman thinks that bill did nothing
for the woolen interest. Let me tell him that
at the close of the war, when all the coarse
woolens of the Government were thrown upon
the market, we would have been left without
a market for waol if it had not been for the
protection afforded it by (he duty on foreign
wools. We ware disappointed in the results
from that tariff on foreign wool. The whole
balk of the coarser wools of South America
and elsewhere were kept out, and the conse-
quence was, those wools were bought up by the
English merchants at low figures and taken to
England, where they were manufactured after
being mixed with some 80 percent, of shoddy,
and those goods were brought into this market
and sold cheaper than the goods manufactured
here could be sold for. The consequence was,
the whole woolen market was depressed and
woolen goods were very seriously knocked
down in price. The increased tariff to-day i3
because woolen goods are made of this cheap
material mixed with shoddy 111 other countries
and sent in hero to the damage of the wool-
growers of this country more than if the wool
had been imported free. But the wool-growers
are recovering from that depression. During
the last six months the common quality of
wool we have been selling in the markets at 58
to 00 cents a pound. That is a fair and living
price for the wool-growers. But where are t.lie
manufacturers now? I have run a woolen-
factory over forty years, and for the first time
it is standing idle. It yields and produces
nothing.
| Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I have not risen for the pur-
pose of entering into this discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. WOOD. I move to strike out the last
word of the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his amendment, and
I will renew it.
Mr. COVODE. I did not move the amend-
ment,.
JOHNSON. I moved the amendment,
and if there be 110 objection I will withdraw it.
There was no objection.
Mr. WOOD. Irenewit. Mr. Chairman, I had
supposed the general principles involved in this
bill had been fully discussed, and that we would
be confined in the live minutes' discussion to the
details of the bill, debating each question as it
came up entirely on its merits. I have avoided
any discussion of the general principle of this
bill, for I well knew that the principle of pro-
tection in reference to this measure has been
determined on and well settled 011 the part of
the majority of this House. I have not risen
