3474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
man will move to close debate when he gets
through.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew th6 amendment
pro fofma. Mr. Chairman, I have recently
not taken any part in the debate upon this
tariff bill, and now rather reluctantly say a few
words, because I thereby prolong the discus-
sion. I wish to say to my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Buckley,} and other gentlemen
who desire to change the bill in this respect,
that the only part of the country interested in
this and the following paragraphs are the
Pacific States. That is the only portion of the
country which now imports rice. During the
war there was some rice imported into the
Atlantic ports; but since the war that import-
ation has entirely ceased. We are now ex-
porting Carolina rice, but the cost of trans-
porting Carolina rice to the Pacific coast is so
great as to preclude any market for it there;
and we have therefore to depend for our sup-
ply on the rice imported from the East Indies,
which we import to-day to the extent of
40,000,000 pounds per annum.
Now, in reference to the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Alabama, it will
have the effect to place uncleaned rice in the
same category as paddy, which it differs from
altogether. Uncleaned rice is merely rice
dusted, which may be cleaned by running it
through a fanning-mill, whereas paddy is un-
shucked or unhulled rice, requiring a careful
process for its cleaning. It is necessary that
there should be a distinction made between :
paddy and uncleaned and cleaned rice, for the
two latter are nearly the same, the uncleaned
requiring only to be run through a fanning-mill ;
to make it fit for consumption. Frauds have
been discovered at the custom-houses which :
this distinction is needed to prevent. The tariff j
is reduced a little on each one of these items, |
.and for one I feel like thanking the Committee
of Ways and Means for this reduction of the
tariff, so far favoring the people of the Pacific
toast. I tell the gentleman from Alabama that
the people of Georgia are not interested in the
change proposed. It seems to me if the gen-
tleman's amendment had any effect at all in
reference to the Georgia plantations the effect
would be rather unfavorable than otherwise.
In accordance with my promise to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I now move that debate on
this paragraph be closed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want the debate
closed just now, as I have promised to give
the gentlemen from Virginia an opportunity to
explain his amendment in reference to peanuts.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. PLATT. I move to insert after line
five hundred and nine—for peanuts occupy the
same relation to the agriculture of a portion of
the southern States, particularly portions of
Virginia and North Carolina, that potatoes oc-
cupy to the agriculture of Maine, as both are
planted and dug out of the ground—I move
after line five hundred and nine to insert the
following:
On peanuts, unshelled, 2 cents per pound; on pea-
nuts, shelled, 3 cents per pound.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
have a vote on my amendment, to strike out
"2" and insert "1" in the paragraph in ref-
erence-to rice.
The CHAIRMAN. The vote will be taken
on the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. PLATT. This interest is an important
one now. In a large part of Virginia and
North Carolina peanuts aTe planted and culti-
vated as potatoes are in Maine, and properly
demand protection. They are now protected
by a duty of 1 cent per pound, and we desire
to increase it to 2 cents per pound on unshelled
peanuts and 8 cents on shelled peanuts. Those
now imported come from Africa, and thus the
industry of the country which I in part rep-
resent is brought into competition with the
cheap labor of Africa. We raise, sir, a very
large quantity of this product in this eountry.
It is one to which the attention of our people
has been particularly attracted within the last
two or three years. It is a product which can
be raised in these States upon lands which
are ill adapted to the production of anything
else. A large number of people who have
been reduced, sadly reducedin circumstances
by the war, and who have been unable to ob-
tain the capital necessary to engage in the pro-
duction of other crops adapted to the country,
are able to produce this crop. It has thus
become, as I have said, one of the most import-
ant interests in our section of the country,
and one of those for which protection is most
desirable. I hope, therefore, there may be no
objection offered to the proposition I now sub-
mit. The interest is one which, so far as I
am aware, comes into competition with no
other.
Mr. LOGAN. I agree with the gentleman
from Virginia that peanuts ought to be pro-
tected the same as anything else. But I desire
to offer an amendment to his proposition for
the protection of a product of the newer parts
of the country. In regions through which I
have traveled, and in the part of the country
where I reside there are raised hazel-nuts,
hickory-nuts, black walnuts, and chestnuts.
There are large importations of these, which
come in competition with what we raise at the
West, and I desire that some protection should
be afforded to them as well as to peanuts.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to say in answer to
the gentleman from Illinois that peanuts are a
product which does not grow naturally. They
are cultivated and planted in precisely the same
way as potatoes are, and grow under ground.
But these nuts which the gentleman desires to
have protected are natural products, growing
without any labor.
Mr. LOGAN. It requires a great deal of
labor to gather them, and a great many people
make a living by it. In our part of the coun-
try it is, for a portion of the year, the principal
business of a large number of people, and I
desire protection for them.
Mr. MAYNARD. They are already pro-
tected by a rate of 2 cents per pound.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg your pardon; that rate
applies only to filberts.
Mr. MAYNARD. It applies to all nuts
not otherwise provided for.
Mr. STEVENSON. The provision referred
to by the gentleman from Tennessee would
cover peanuts.
Mr. MAYNARD. No; there is a special
provision for them, imposing a rate of 10 per
cent.
Mr. COX. I desire to say a few words on
this question.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to a point of order.
We are all anxious to hear the. gentleman from
New York on peanuts, but there is so much
disorder that we cannot hear him. I desire to
hear what the gentleman has to say on so
important a subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will please
preserve order.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, the Committee
of Ways and Means and the Committee of the
Whole having allowed the peanut question to
be raised here for the purpose of keeping out
what would give about half a million dollars
of revenue, and a rate which amounts to a pro-
hibition of the importation of foreign peanuts,
and as I have shown thatl have a special interest
in this question on the part of the consumer,
I hope I may be heard for a few moments, if
not by myself, at least by a letter which I have
in my possession, and which goes a good deal
further than showing that since the war the
peanut interest of North Carolina has been
adequately protected. Of course it was pro-
tected during the war by lines of forts between
the North and South. As regards the African
trade in peanuts, I believe that it is demon-
strable, and that it was proved before the com-
mittee, that it would do no good to raise the
tariff on this article. Though the peanut busi-
ness may be considered a very small matter,
it is not confined entirely, as gentlemen know,
to the mere eating of peanuts by the class of
people I described a little while ago. They
are used for oil and other purposes; and I
should like, if there is time enough in the five
minutes allowed me, to have a letter read,
without naming the writer or the party to whom
it is addressed.
If the people in the South who raise these
peanuts cannot do it without having a prohib-
itory duty—if with all the advantages of soil,
as has been stated on the other side, with all
the advantages of cheap labor, they cannot
raise this article, which enters very largely into
commerce, without a degree of protection which
amounts to prohibition—I think the better
course would be to take off the duty altogether
and place it on the free list. But, sir, they
actually export peanuts from this country to
other countries. I saw them consumed in
Spain, in the bull-ring. They were being
passed all round the ring. And these peanuts
came from North Carolina. This, too, was
in a country very near Africa. Nevertheless,
the peanut industry of this country has so in-
creased under the hot-house protection it has
received that the raisers of these nuts can
make money by raising them and exporting
them abroad without the additional protection
now asked for. I would like to have that letter
read if the House will listen to it patiently, for
this is a more serious question than gentlemen
suppose. The fact is that this tariff business
is made up of details.
A Member. Let the letter be read; your
time will be up.
Mr. COX. It will come in all right in my
next five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I knew the gentleman
would spread himself on this subject. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. We have to get up a tariff by
looking to details. I am not one of those gen-
tlemen designated by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] as the "pismires" or "grass-
hoppers" of this House. [Laughter.] But I say
to him that I would rather be a live ant 
Mr. SCHENCK. Than a dead uncle. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. COX. Than a megatherium or plesio-
saurus of the old red sandstone formation that
I spoke of the other day. [Laughter.]
Now, I ask to have the letter read. It is in
the interest of the consumers, and also in the
interest of the producers of North Carolina
and Virginia.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I would therefore ask your attention to the rate
of duty on peanuts. Before the war this article paid
a 10 per cent, ad valorem duty, and was then unable
to withstand the competition in the fruit trade of
the country with those raised in North Carolina and
Virginia; but the rate of duty enabled a sale at low
prices to the oil-crushers. During the war, and as
understood at the time as a war measure, the duties
were increased on nuts in the shell to 1 cent per
pound, gold, or 32 cents per bushel, which import-
ers were able then to pay, the receipts from the South
being entirely cut off; but since the close of the war
the case has entirely changed. The production at
the South has not only increased under what is vir-
tually a prohibitive duty, but the quality of the
southern nut is so much superior to the African as to
supersede it in consumption, at a difference in price
of upward of $1 30 currency per bushel of 32pounds.
Under these circumstances a return to the old rate
of duty on nuts in the shell would not seem unrea-
sonable ; otherwise the abandonment of the trade
seems inevitable. . „ . . „ ,
"The trade between the United States and the
northwestern coast of Africa is a valuable one to the
country, as will be seen by the annexed statistics,
from this port alone; and the outward shipments
consist almost entirely of our domes ticproductions.
And when it is taken into consideration that this
trade is mainly a barter one, and peanuts the staple
article in such exchange, and that the few brought
during the last season have been reexported or sola
at a material loss to the importer, itseems but equit-
able that such reasonable relief should be granted
as to enable their import and sale for oil-crushing
purposes and the full loading of the vessels home-
ward, which have been compelled to return either
in ballast or but partially loaded, the larger part of
the proceeds outward going to Europe to the mani-
fest detriment of American shipping and_trade gen-
erally, which I hardly think your committee desire
or intend.
