4418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14^
Mississippi, between the mouth of the Missouri
aud the Gulf of Mexico, and atorin the vicinity
of Fort Leavenworth, on the Missouri; Rock
Island, on the upper Mississippi; Louisville,
on the Ohio; Florence, on the Tennessee;
Jacksonport, on the White river; Little Rock,
on the Arkansas, and Alexandria, on the Red
river, and such other places as the Secretary
of War .may deem advisable ; the expenditure
for the same to be made from the appropri-
ation for the improvement-of rivers and har-
bors ; but the annual cost of the observations
is not to exceed the sum of $5,000 per annum.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading,"read the third time,
and passed.
draw-bridge in the great rigolet.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 878.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 878) to amend an
act entitled "An act to establish and declare
the railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
as hereafter constructed, a post road, and for
other purposes," approved March 2, 1808.
It proposes to amend the act entitled "An
act to establish aud declare the railroad and
bridges-of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter con-
structed, a post road, andfor other purposes,"
approved March 2, 1868, so as to require the
New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company to construct and maintain a
draw-bridge which, when open, shall give a
clear space for the passage of vessels of not
less than two hundred feet in the channel of
the Great Rigolet; and the draw-bridge is to
be located a distance of not less than two miles
from the east end of the Great Rigolet; and
the company are at all times to open the draw-
bridge, and provide all necessary and conven-
ient facilities for the safe and speedy passage
of all vessels requiring the same.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment in line eleven, to strike
out the words " two hundred " and insert " one
hundred and fiftyso that the clause will read :
Which when open shall give a clear space for the
passage of vessels of not less than one hundred and
lifty feet in the channel of the Great Rigolet.
Mr. MORTON. I did not hear that bill, and
I do not know what it is exactly,'except that
it refers to bridges.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. EUitus
in the chair.) The Secretary will again read
the bill.
The Secretary read the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was in the twelfth line, after the
word "located," to insert "in mid-channel,
with draw and piers in the direction of the
currents, and at," and in the fourteenth line
to strike out after the word "than" thewords
"two miles" and insert "a mile and a hall;"
so that the bill will read ;
Which when open shall give a clear space for the
passage of vessels of not less than one hundred and
fifty feet, in the channel of the Great Rigolet; ana
said draw-bridge shall be located in mid-channel,
with draw and piers in the direction of the currants,
and at a distance of not less than a mile and a halt
from the east end of the Great Rigolet.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Sf.o. 2. And be it further enactcd, That 'lie rail-
road company shall submit to the Secretary of War,
lor iiis approval, a plan with the necessary drawings
of their bridge, m a new location, conforming to the
above requirements; and until thebecretary of war
approve the plan and location of Paul bridge, and
notify I he com pnny oi the same in writing, the bridge
shall not be built or commenced; and should any
change bo made in the plan of the bridge during the
progress of the work thereon, such cnange shall be
subject likewise to the approval ol the Secretary oi
War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was to insert the following as an
additional section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That Congress
shall have power at any time to alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know what com-
pelling the company to build a bridge in a new
place means.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that the bill be
passed over informally, with the assent of the
chairman of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over informally if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none.
communication with vessels.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take np
Senate bill No. 800.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No; 800) to prohibit all
but certain officers boarding or leaving vessels
before entry at the custom-house.
Mr, CASSERLY. I should like to offer an
amendment to that bill, in regard to which I
consulted the chairman of the committee and
a member of the committee when it was last
up, and I should like to have the billlaidover
informally until I can find the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be informally laid aside.
appraiser at mobile.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 446.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 440) to appoint an
appraiser for the port of Mobile.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments, which if adopted would
make it read:
Beit enacted, &c„ That the President of the United
States, with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall appoint an appraiser for tho port of Mobile,
Alabama,whosedutiosshall bo thesame as thoseof
similar officers in other ports. And tho appraiser of
said port shall receive the compensation of $2,500
per annum.
Tho amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
consular system.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 676.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill "(S. No. 676) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States," passed
August 18, 1856, and for other purposes.
Mr. CHANDLER. By the recommendation
of the Department of State, the Committee on
Commerce propose to strike out in page 4,- line
eighty-seven, the words "Revel, $2,000;" so
as to strike out that consulate.
Mr. SUMNER. I think my attention has
been called to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a communication
from the State Department recommending that
it be stricken out. I can tell what the fees are
at Revel if the Senator would like to know.
Mr. COLE. I will state that the business of
that consulate amounts to nothing. I believe
for a long series of years it amounted to only
a few dollars, and the consul lately appointed
to that place came back and recommended that
the consulate be abolished. 1 know that to-be
a fact.
Mr. CHANDLER. The fees are absolutely
nothing.
j The amendment was agreed to.
I Mr, CHANDLER. Thecommitteelikewise
recommend striking oat on page-5, linenitiety-
four, " Nantes, $1,500." , ,
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator what has
become of Moscow, before he goes to that,? •
Mr. CHANDLER. Mosoowis'out. Itis-one
of those recommended by the State Depart"
ment to be left out. • .
Mr. SUMNER. That is inconsistent with
a letter I received only yesterday from - the
State Department, calling- my attention to the
omission in the consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill of an appropriation for the consul
at Moscow, and asking me-to look after it.
Mr. CHANDLER. That was evidently, then,
a mistake on the part of tKe State Department,
for the State Department prepared this bill.
The whole receipts at Moscow were twenty-
three dollars for the year 1868. There is no
business there for a consul, and the State
Department prepared the bill leaving out
Moscow. It is evidently a mistake on the
part of the Department to ask for that appro-
priation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. These are all the amend-
ments the committee propose. :
Mr. OOLE. I move an amendment on page
9, line -one hundred and ninety-six, to strike
out $1,500 and insert $1,000. The line now
reads, "Guayamas, $1,500." I move to strike
out $1,500 and insert $1,000 as the salary.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to state the reason for the change ?
Mr. COLE. I have a letter lately received
from the consul at that place, who makes the
request that the salary be left at $1,000. If it
is raised higher the effect is to prevent him
from transacting business; while with the sal-
ary at $1,000 he gets some "business from a
steamship line which yields him from five hun-
dred to one thousand dollars a year- It is at
the request of the consul at that place that I
move the amendment, and there can be no
objection to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that. The salary heretofore has been $1,000
at Tampieo, but I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Bnt the chair-
man must understand that^ the- Government
have an interest in the salaries of eonsuls. It
is the policy of the Government when a_con-
sulate arrives at a certain dignity to give a
salary for that office.
Mr. COLE. I think the business referred
to is entirely outside of the Government ser-
vice. It is business that he is enabled to trans-
act for the steamship company whose ships
touch there monthly. He is allowed to per-
form the duties of agent of that steamship
line.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Still my-friend
will see that after all it may come within; one
of the objections which the Government have
to a consul being engaged in business outside
of that which belongs to the Government. I
do not know but that this may be_ all right;
but I suggest it to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. There have been great
frauds on that border, and I suppose the De-
partment recommended the increase of the
salary for the very purpose of stopping the
consul from engaging in any commercial trans-
actions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was the
point I wished to come at. The question
whether a consul shall have fees alone or a
salary is not at the option of the consul. The
Government desires to secure certain services,
and they wish those services to be independent
of trade or independent of engagements with
other parties. Now, whether this is such a
cas,e as that I do not know, bnt what I mean
to say is, that it is not a matter of option with
the consul what his salary may be. It
be that the Government think it ought to- be
