1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2531
to arguo any proposition, but simply to address
u question to the distinguished gentleman from
Philadelphia [Mr. Kelley] who has recently
taken his seat after discussing this question.
1 expect to receive an answer from the gentle-
man.
Mr. KELLEY. I will endeavor to answer
the gentleman.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman whether
in his opinion the fifteenth amendment of the
Constitution does not sufficiently protect wool
on the skin? [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. It puts it on the free list.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I think, since the gentle-
man from New York has learned to abhor
slavery, he will protect wool on black skins.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. My colleague grossly ex-
aggerates, I think, when he states that the
streets of San Francisco are ranged by a mob
of three or four thousand men demanding
bread, and that the police force of that orderly
city has been doubled and quadrupled to pre-
vent the turning of banks into the streets. I
have seen no statements of that character in
the San Francisco press. The only danger that
there has been of a riot has been from the in-
flammatory appeals made by and to members
of the gentleman's own party against the Chi-
nese. The gentleman himself plays incessantly
on that string, and such music is ground out,
ad nauseam, by the organs of his party. Now,
■while I believe it would be injudicious to put
the ballot in the hands of Chinamen, that they
would not make the kind of citizens we want,
still they must not be hunted like wolves by
the gentleman's party friends. Humanity and
religion both cry out against that; even bar-
barians would not justify or commit atrocities
that sometimes disgrace civilization. I think
the Chinese should not be naturalized because
they are imperialists, not attached to repub-
lican institutions, and would be alien in feel-
ing and association. But who gave warrant
to any man or party to beat out their brains,
torture them, to deny them asylum, or to live
on God's footstool ? Let the gentleman beware
that the acts of outrage that his speeches lead
to and his party friends participate m do not
lead up to that undesirable end, the putting the
ballot in the Chinaman's hands. If it is the
only means to save them from foul outrage, as
it once was the only means to save the blacks
of the South, that means will be taken and we
cannot prevent it. I know the gentleman's
kindness of heart, and do not believe that in
his wild declamation he aims at cruelty. But
who shall tell the force of passion that may be
aroused in ignorant breasts?
I do not believe that there is the destitution
that the gentleman speaks of in San Francisco.
If there is it is partly because laboring men
will not leave the city to go to the agricultural
and mining districts, where work may be had.
In the gentleman's own district and in mine
there are many mining enterprises that fail
because the proprietors cannot afford to pay
the prevailing rate of $3 per day in gold for
labor. These districts are accessible from
San Francisco. I believe that every surplus
laborer in San Francisco could get $2 a day
in gold in the mines, or find diggings of his
own that would pay that much. I do not advo-
cate the reduction of the prices of labor.
Every man has a right to a living from his toil.
But when starving mobs are spoken of 1 direct
attention to the other side of the question.
Instead of stirring up riots against Chinamen
it would be better to invite the surplus labor
of San Francisco to the mining and agricul-
tural counties, where many enterprises await
development.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that, by unanimous
consent, there shall be no further debate on
this paragraph ; otherwise I shall have to move
that the committee rise, to obtain an order
from the House to stop debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman, be-
fore doing so, to yield mo a single minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will compromise by
yielding the gentleman the minute he asks.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
want to trouble the House by continuing this
discussion. But I want to be allowed a word
of explanation on a matter which is personal
to myself. Perhaps I overstated the case if I
said that the city of San Francisco had doubled
or trebled its force. I said more than I had
intended to say. What I wished to place before
the committee was, that the other evening there
were some three thousand men collected in
the city park at San Francisco, and that they
went from there to the city hall and demanded
of the county officers bread to prevent them-
selvesand their families from starving to death.
"Bread or labor" was their demand. They
were finally by good counsels induced to dis-
perse, after one of the county officers, who have
therightunder the laws to employ a greatmany
men, had stated to tliem that in three or four
days they should have labor. But they have
not got that labor yet. I have not any of the
San Francisco papers containing an account
of the affair, but I send to the desk to be read
an article from the San Joaquin Republican,
stating what took place, and making some
comments on it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Labor and Bread.—On Wednesday, for the first
time since the Mexican, standing in the mill-race
near Coloma, nearly twenty-two years ago, by the ex-
clamation ' Oro. Oro,' announced to tlio world the
discovery of gold in California, wo had a demonstra-
tion which cannot be called other than an appeal tor
bread from hungry men. On the day mentioned, a
crowd numbering between three and tour thousand
persons marched in a body, orderly but determined,
to the city halt, in San Francisco, and deela,rcd to
the municipal authorities they were hungry and
wanted bread; that they were witting to work, but
could not find employment. Is it so? Have we a
surplus of unemployed labor in our midst, lur which
we can find no means lor legitimate earning of
bread? In this land which it has been our boast
id capable of tarnishing subsistence for five million
people, while yet we have but five hundred thou-
sand persons, there are men, thousands ot men beg-
ging for employment and wc have nono to give 1
"Those who read up our history in far-otf coun-
tries, as furnished by our papers, must come to think
in this manner. Still the conclusion is a false one
and is drawn from premises unreal and chimerical.
San Francisco is the principal town of California,
but it is by no means California itsett. A diflerent
opinion pi e vails abroad, and it has been formed trom
the teachings of theSan ltYancisco papers themselves.
Bead the editorials of these papers trom clay to day,
and the conviction is inevitable that San Francisco
is the center of the world a.nd covers tile whole Pa-
cific coast. The result is that every man who starts
for California, whether a capitalist or a laborer,
whether a mechanic or a farmer, does not feel that
he has finished his journey until ho has landed in
San lfvaneiseo. This mistaken notion has filled the
city with people who are doomed to tho disappoint-
ment of finding it much smaller than they antici-
pated.
"There are many other causes for an accumulation
of surplus population in San Francisco, but wc have
given the chief one. The very men who are clamor-
ing for bread about the city hall arc ignorant ot the
vast resources of California, and always will remain
so until the daily journals of the citv, ceasing their
eternal clatter about digging down Rincon hill, the
Second street cut, the Montgomery street extension,
and tho Yerba Buena park, tell the people of tho
wealth of the country ; of its mines, which if they
will not yield fortunes will still reward the laborer
with wages double those ot the East; of the thou-
sands of acres of land only awaiting labor to yield
abundance; of the stock that may be raised and the
fruit that may be grown.
"Urge tiieclamorers tor bread togo in to the country
and earn it. Farmers want hands, and will pay them
for their labor. Tho land is waiting to be tilled,
and the man who wishes to work need not be idle.
Wealth cannot be acquired nor respectability main-
tained by laying around the free lunch-houses of San
Francisco. Go into the country and go to work, and
if you cannot till your own land then till that of
some oneelse until time, industry, and economy ena-
bles you to plow the soil your labor earned. It the
San Francisco papers willpointoutthese advantages
and urge the people to improve them, Mayor Selby
will have fewer occasions to address hungiy crowds
about the city hall."
Mr. JOHNSON. I have only another word
to add. I agree with my colleague that the
Chinaman has some rights. But I differ per-
haps from my colleague in one respect. I
do not think that the Chinaman has any rights
which we are not willing freely to accord to
him. I am not willing to give him the right
to the ballot; and there we agree. I am not
willing to- give him the right to live in this
country, because I know him, and my colleague
is'mistaken when he says that he is a useful
laborer in our country, for he is starving the
white laborers of California to death; he is
of no possible use to us.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let me ask the'gentle-
man a question. He is opposed to the immi-
gration of Chinese laborers because they bring
cheaper labor 
Mr. SCHENCK. I must rise to a question
of order. This question of Chinese labor and
Chinamen has nothing to do with the question
whether wool on the skin shall pay the same
rate of duty as wool that is shorn.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let me complete my
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call my colleague to
order if he wants to pursue tho same subject.
Mr. J OHNSON. I withdrawtheamendment,
Mr. SARGENT. 1 renew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let us have a vote.
Mr. SA KG ENT. I hope the gentleman will
give me the half minute he promised my col-
league, [Mr. Johnson'.]
Mr. SCHENCK. But he expanded it to five
minutes. I must move that the committee rise
for the purpose of closing debate if gentlemen
insist on pursuing this discussion.
Mr. SARGENT. I simply want to say that
tho crowd in San Francisco to which my col-
league has referred was in consequence of the
passage of an act by the Legislature providing
that a park might be improved. There was a
chance of employment on that work for two
hundred men, and many more applied, but
when they found that they were not to get
$-1 50 a day 
A Member. In gold?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, in gold. When they
found that they could only receive $3 a day, then
some of them who had been employed refused to
work. Such is the information I get from San
Francisco. I withdraw the amendment.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Brooks, of New York, to strike out the para-
graph; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
On flannels, blankets, knit goods, hats, and yarn,
composed wholly or m part of wool, valued at not
exceeding 40 cents per pound, ilO cents per pound;
valued at over 40 cents per pound and not exceeding
00 cents per pound, 30 cents per pound; valued at
over GO cents per pound and not exceeding 80 cents
perpound,40cents per pound; valued at over 80 cents
per pound, 50 cents per pound; and m addition to
said rates Uo per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
amend that paragraph by striking out "20,"
in line one hundred and sixty-nine, and insert-
ing ''5;" by striking out "30," in line one
hundred and seventy-one, and inserting " 10
by striking out "40," in line one hundred and
seventy-two, and inserting "20," and by strik-
ing out "50," in line one hundred and sev-
enty-three, and inserting "30;" so that the
paragraph will read as follows;
On flannels, blankets, knit goods, hats, and yarn,
composed wholly or in part of wool, valued at not
exceeding 40 cents per pound, 5 cents per pound;
valued at over 40 cents per pound and not exceeding
60 cents per pound, 10 cents per pound; valued at
over 60 cents per pound and not exceeding 80 cents
per pound, 20 cents per pound; valued at over 80
cents per pound, 00 cents per pound; and in addition
to said rates ot duty 35 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
1 submit that the gentleman can only offer one
amendment at a time.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. It is neces-
sary to amend the paragraph all the way through
in order to make it conform,
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the pomt of
order. ,
The CHAIRMAN. A division of the ques-
tion can be called for at any time.
