1870.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Naturalization—Mr. Johnston.
Senate.
Of course the application is nothing more
than a declaration that a man wants to become
a citizen. He goes into the court and makes
his application. The court does not hear any-
thing then ; the court does notdecide whether
he shall become a citizen then ; but that ques-
tion is to be decided by a future proceeding.
It seems to me to fee oppressive and unjust in
the very last degree that on that primary ap-
plication, when the court decides nothing, only
that they will allow the party hereafter to make
an attempt to become a citizen, the party
making the application should then be allowed
to be distuibed and harassed at that stage of
the proceeding by any one who chooses to con-
test it.
Further on in the same section we find this
provision:
And any attorney at law shall be permitted to
cross-examine any applicant, or his witnesses, and to
offer any counter-evidence conformably to the rules
or law.
That is, when a man makes his declaration
in court of intention to become a citizen any
attorney may cross examine the applicant him-
self, and may cross-examine all his witnesses;
and this upon the original application, when
nothing is to be heard except whether the
party shall be allowed to ask to become a citi-
zen. Surely it cannot be laid down as a prin-
ciple of the law of this country that a man
shall not bo allowed to make his application
for the assertion of his right; that the mere
asking, the mere demand to have the court
open to him, that the simple request to be
heard in court shall be denied except upon
such terms. Surely we do enough when we
allow parties to contest this right upon the
final hearing. But to authorize any attorney
at law, any pettifogger, any miserable little
hanger-on about the bar, to cross-examine the
applicant, to allow him to delay proceedings
and to cross-examine all the witnesses at that
stage of the proceeding, does seem to me to be
a most unnecessary, most cruel, and unusual
proceeding.
Not only one man has this power, but fifty,
perhaps. One lawyer may take it up and cross-
examine a man one day, and quit, and next day
another may take hold, and they may keep it
up in that way day after day, "one off and
'tother on," like Sairey Gainp and Betsey
Prigg, until they worry the applicant out and
drive him from the court.
There are on this floor two Senators who are
foreigners by birth, and I should like to know
how those gentlemen would feel coming up to
make a primary application of this sort if they
were attacked in this way by a bar full of petti-
foggers, delayed day after day by a cross-exam-
ination, offensive and annoying and trouble-
some, one after another entitled to take up the
thing until each member of the bar had had
his turn; compelled to stand there day after
day and week after week, until these legal
gentlemen were done badgering them.
The fourth section has a provision in regard
to furnishing by the State Department blank
certificates, and provides that the commission-
ers of the courts to be appointed all over the
country shall get blank certificates, to be fur-
nished by the State Department. Accounts
are to be kept of them, and the number, of
course, of those who are to be naturalized is
regulated by the number of certificates. If the
commissioner does not choose to provide cer-
tificates enough, if he is corrupt enough or pal-
try enough to take that mode of defeating nat-
uralization, instead of ordering five hundred
blank certificates he has only to order fifty, and
when the applicant comes to him and says he
wants to be naturalized he has simply to reply,
"I have no blank certificates," and the right
of naturalization, the right of becoming a citi-
zen of this great Kepublic, the right of voting,
the highest of civil rights that can belong to
any man, and the right of holding office, are
dependent upon the whim and fancy of the
commissioner, as to whether he will make an
application to the Secretary of State for blank
certificates enough to naturalize all who may
apply. If he does not, those who first come
get the certificates, and those who afterward
come fail, and this great right is lost in that
way.
The sixth section provides—
_ That every certificate of naturalization issued
since July 4, 186S, and prior to the date hereof, in
any city whose population exceeds one hundred
thousand, shall not bo evidehco of naturalization
unless presented by the person named therein to the
said court or commissioner of the district where the
said person therein named resides; and the court, if
satisfied on examination of the person so presenting
said certificato, or by other evidence, that the same
is genuine and has boon obtained without fraud,
shallindorse thereon the word "approved," and pla.ee
the seal and signature of the court or the signature
of the commissioner, as the case may be, thereunder.
And any certificate of naturalization issued since
the 4th of July, 1803, and prior to the passage of this
act, may be presented by theperson named therein
to the said court or commissioner of the district in
which he resides; and the said court or commissioner
shall, on examination of the person named in said
certificate, or on other evidence, adjudge and determ-
ine whether the said certificate is genuine and ob-
tained without fraud; and if the said certificate be
found so to be, then it shall be indorsed " approved
and if found not to be genuine, or to have been ob-
tained by fraud or unlawfully, then it shall be in-
dorsed " rejected," and be retained by the said court
or commissioner. And any certificate hereafter
issued or hereafter indorsed "approved," under the
provisions of this act, shall be conclusive evidence
of the naturalization of the person named therein
unless set aside as hereinafter provided. And it is
further provided that any certificate issued since
July 4,1868, and prior to the date hereof, and which
shall not have been presented and indorsed "ap-
proved" as aforesaid, shall bo open to inquiry as to
its validity when presented to be used at any elec-
tion or otherwise; and if the judges, inspectors of
elections, or other tribunal before which the said
certificate may bo presented, shall be satisfied, by
the examinationof the person named in said certifi-
cate, or by other evidence, thatthe person named in
said certificate has not resided in the United States
lor live years prior to the date of said certificate, or
that the same was obtained by fraud, or unlawfully,
or is counterfeit, then the said certificate shall bo
rrj ccted.
According to this provision, where aparty, in
pursuance of the laws as they now stand, has
obtained a certificate of naturalization, where
he has done everything the country has said he
is bound to do. where he has complied with
every requirement of law and has become a
citizen, where he has the vested right of citi-
zenship, that vested right may be taken away
from him. What difference is there in legal
contemplation between a native-born citizen
and one who has become a citizen by natural-
ization ? If a foreigner has complied with all
we say shall make him a citizen, if he has done
all the law required to him to do and he receives
the confirmation of a court, he is just as much
a citizen as if he had been born on the soil of
the United States, and his rights are as inalien-
able and as proper to be protected as the rights
of a native Congress would have the same
right to declare of me, or any other native-born
citizen on this floor, that I should have to
undergo some new or additional ceremony
before! would be entitled to vote, as they would
have so to declare in regard to a naturalized
citizen who has complied with all the require-
ments of the law. When we have solemnly
invested a party with these rights, how can we
afterward legally deprive him of them without
his default? It "is a right which belongs to him,
which no statute can take from him.
But that is not all. It authorizes any judge
of election to pass upon the validity of natu-
ralization papers. There are elections held all
over the country, and there are officers at each
polling place to conduct the election. Not
only is a court authorized to bring a man's
naturalization certificate before it and reject
it, but on the presentation of it at the polls
anybody may object to it, and then the com-
missioners of election are to erect themselves
into an appellate tribunal to decide whether or
not a court of competent jurisdiction, a United
States court or a State court, has properly
exercised its jurisdiction. It gives the com-
missioners of election jurisdiction to reverse
a court and to annul its orders. A voter
comes to the election poll with his certificate
of naturalization in his hand. He has been
solemnly adjudicated by a court of the United
States to be a citizen, and he has received from
the court a certificate of that fact; but when
he produces it at the polls the commissioners of
election are authorized by this bill to revise, to
review, to annul, to set aside, to destroy that
judgment of the courts of the United States.
The party having had his certificate, having
exercised the right to vote frequently under it,
cannot be expected when he goes to the polls
to bring a troop of witnesses withhira, to cer-
tify as to how he obtained his certificate and
to prove that he is entitled to it. An objec-
tion made then must be decided then—there
can be no continuance; the voter is taken by
surprise, while the objector can prepare in
advance. Then the commissioner of election
is authorized to deprive that man of his right
without his having had any notice that an
attack would be made upon him. He is to be
surprised into a trial of his right as a citizen
on the spur of the moment at the election poll
at the instance of any bystander.
This is entirely reversing all the rules of our
law, by which the judgments of courts aro
declared to be binding, and only reversible upon
a proper proceeding taken directly for the pur-
pose.
The seventh section is less objectionable than
the others, and I shall not comment upon it.
The eighth section is long, and I ask the
Clerk to j ead it.
The Secretary read as follows :
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the district attorney in any district shall be informed
in and by the affidavit of a credible pcr&on setting
forth the grounds of the belief of tho affiant that
some person therein named has in his or her posses-
sion or power a certificate of naturalization, or a
paper purporting to be evidence that such person or
any person has been admitted a citizen of the United
Status, and purporting also to have been issued by
some commissioner or court, State or national, hold"
ing ins or its sessions within the judicial district for
which such attorney acts, and that he verily believes
that such certificate was knowingly procured or ob-
tained contrary to the true intent and meaning of
the laws existing at the date tliereqt, or that tho
same is> false, forged, or counterioit, it shall behis
duty to apply t<> one of the courts of the United
States for such district for an order on tho party
holding such certificate or paper to appear belore
said court on some convenient day, to be named by
the judge thereof, and produce such certificate or
evidence of naturalization, and lodge the same with
the clerk, and to show causo why such certificate or
other paper should not be adjudicated false, forged,
fraudulent, or counterieit; or it the same be other-
wise invalid, why his or her admission as a citizen
ox the United States should not be abrogated and sec
aside: and thereupon it shall betheduty ofthejudgo
holding such court, on filing the affidavit aforesaid,
to grant such order, and to give directions tor tho
service thereof on the party wherever he or she may
be, as such jud^e may deem suitable and proper ;
and on such service being made it shall be trie duty
oi the party named in the order to appear 111 eouit at
the time specified and produce such certificate or evi-
dence of citizenship, lodging the same with the clerk
of the court, and to submit to an examination under
oath, lfrcQun ed by the district, attorney, touching the
genuineness oi such certificate or evidence of citizen-
ship, and t-ouchincr the right of the party to be ad-
mitted a citizen at the date thereof; ond it such party
shall fail to appear at the time specified in the order
and subum to the examination aforesaid, or it he or
she shall fail to produce such ceitificate or evidence
aforesaid, or to show that the same was not put, out
of his or her possession or power with intent to defeat
said proceeding, he or the shall be deemed guilty ot
a contempt, and shall be punched therefor by im-
prisonment until he or she shall comply with such
order or be discharged by the court. But it may bo
shown ihat such ceitificate oi other ev idence uf citi-
zenship has been irwt or destroyed ; and rhe district
attorney may produce any other competent evidence
to show that such certificate or other paper is not
genuine or valid, or that the party before the court
was not, at the date thereof, entitled to bo admitted
a citizen of the United States under the laws thereof
then existing; and the judge having heard the par-
ties shall find whether such certificate is or is nut
genuine or valid, or, if genuine and valid, whether
tho same was or was not knowingly procured or
