1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4419
$1,500, and that he ought to be restricted from
engaging in trade.
Mr. CHANDLER. At $1,500 a consul can-
not transact business ; at §1,000 salary he can.
My impression is that the G overnment proposes
to raise this salary for the very purpose of pre-
venting the consul engaging in'tralfic. Great
frauds have been charged on different points
along that frontier. 1 do not know, of course,
this man.
Mr. COLE. Now, Mr. President, the chair-
man of the committee is on the wrong track
entirely. He is talking about Tampieo and I
am talking about Guayamas, in the Gulf of Cal-
ifornia, and not the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg pardon of the
Senator. 1 got the wrong line. It was Tam-
pieo 1 supposed he was referring to.
Mr. COLE. 1 can vouch for the consul at
Guayamas, Sir. Willard, as a man beyond sus-
picion of dishonesty or fraud upon the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know nothing about
that case.
Mr. RAMSEY. I know him very well. I
have no doubt all that the Senator from Cali-
fornia says is correct.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But that does
not alter the fact. It is not a question of per-
son ; it is a question of policy. The Govern-
ment says that Guayamas ought to be put into
the class of $1,500 consulates ? For what pur-
pose. So as to exclude that consul from trade.
Now, my honorable friend from California says
the consul desires to be taken out of that class
so that he may trade. That is the point, and
that, I submit, is entirely against the policy of
the class in which ho is put by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Maine talks
about the Government. I do not know what
he means by the Government. I suppose the
Senate of the United States is a branch of the
Government and has the right to fix these con-
sulates as it pleases so far as its voice goes. I
do not know that there has been any contrary
recommendation made. I do not know that
the State Department has considered the sub-
ject. I simply know that the salary at that
port heretofore has been but $1,000, and the
proposition of the committee is to increase it
by §500, which will come out of the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will inform the
Senator what I mean by "the Government."
The law is—and that is the Government in this
country—the law is that consuls put in a cer-
tain class shall not trade. Now, this man is
put into a certain class. He is stationed at a
certain place, and the Secretary of State obvi-
ously by putting this party there thinks that
the consul residing at that place ought not,
under the law, to trade ; that the Government
ought to have his services exclusively. There-
fore if there is anything in that, while residing
at that place he ought not to have his salary
reduced.
Mr. RAMSEY. All the difference, then,
between the two Senators is this: that the
■Senator from California proposes to change
the Government 
Mr. COLE. Change the law.
Mr. RAMSEY. Change the Government.
The Senator from Maine says the law is the
Government. Now, the Senator from Califor-
nia proposes to change the Government by
changing the law. That will invoke the fealty
again and the devotion of the Senator from
Maine, and lie will be satisfied then with the
Government after the law is changed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That raises the
Question whether it is good policy to do it.
~ Mr. RAMSEY. I recollect now that on my
recommendation, a year or two ago, when Mr.
"Willard was first appointed to Guayamas ■
Mr. COLE. About two years ago.
Mr. RAMSEY. On iny motion the salary
was then reduced, for the reason given now by
the Senator from California for the reduction,
so as to give him trade facilities aud enable
him to do business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make no objection to
the amendment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I think I will offer an amend-
ment, to come in after lino one hundred aird
forty-six in the print that I have. It is just
below the line Prague, $2,000." It is under
the head of Austria. The amendment is to add
"Pesth, $500."
Mr. CHANDLER. What for?
Mr. COLE. So that there will be a consul
there.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no such thing
recommended by the State Department. There
arc no fees and no business at Pesth. There
is a consular agent there now who transacts
no business, for there are no fees reported.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say in regard to that
that more than once I have presented petitions
from our Hungarian fellow-citizens here ask-
ing not only for a consulate at Pesth, but they
would like a consul general, as Pesth is the
capital of Hungary, and in the present condi-
tion of allaus in the Austrian empire second
only to Vienna in importance, if politically
now it is not more important. I thought there
was a great deal of reason in their petition,
which, as I say, 1 presented here, and I con-
versed with my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, several times on the
subject. It was referred to the State Depart-
ment, and I understand that the State Depart-
ment has had some communication with the
Austrian Government, and they do not find
that such an officer would be accepted.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the way it stands.
Mr. COLE. I believe at present theie is a
commercial agent there, as he is called?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. Or a consular agent, who is
subordinate to and responsible to the consul
at Vienna. The proposition is to make it inde-
pendent of Vienna, to make it a consulate by
itself; and the reasons, as in part, expressed
by my friend from Massachusetts that it is the
capital of Hungary, a veiy important city,
almost if not quite equal in importance to the
city of Vienna itself, and the opposition, 1
believe, at the State Department comes from
the consul at Vienna, who is opposed to having
his jurisdiction interfered with by the estab-
lishment of a consulate at Pesth.
Sir. CHANDLER.. My fiiend will pardon
me.. It comes from the Austrian minister.
Mr. COLE. Very well; 1 do not know that
we are under any special obligations to regard
the wishes of the minister of Austria.
Mr. CHANDLER. Our minister to Austria,
I mean.
Mr. COLE. I do not know what reasons
he may have for opposing the establishment
of a separate consulate at Pesth. The reasons
mentioned by my Inend from Massachusetts
and myself, it seems to me, are sufficient for
the establishment of a consulate there at a
very small salary. It is a place that can be
occupied by some one perhaps independent, of
the salary of the oflicc, and only a small salary
is required.
Mr. CHANDLER. If a consulate should
be established at Pesth, £500 would not support
the consul. It will be necessary to appropriate
not less than f?l,500, in ease it is thought best
to establish a consulate there. The present
commercial agent receives no fees, because
there is hardly any business.
Mr. CASSERLY. We were not informed
on this side, not hearing distinctly what the
amendment is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To establish
a consulate at Pesth, in Hungary, at a salary
of $500.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend on pagS 8,
between lines one hundred and sixty-four and
one hundred and sixty-five, by inserting,
"Egypt: Port Said, §2,000."
_ Mr. CHANDLER. I am rather of opinion
since the completion of the Suez canal that
there should be a consulate established at Port
Said, although heretofore there was no busi-
ness there. 1 shall not contest tho amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. While this bill is under
discussion 1 wish to call attention to the case
of'1 Vienna, $;S,000," in line thirty. By t.his
billt.be salary of tho consul at Vienna is raised
from $2,000 to §8,000. The question I have
to submit is whether that is enough. I have a
letter here from our consul, addressed to me
as chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and it contains what I will read.
Certainly it is not uninteresting with regard
to Vienna, whatever may be the judgment of
the Senate on the question of salary. He says:
"Vienna now contains ono million inhabitants"—
I was astonished, I must confess, at this
I statement—
"and tho vice biii'sermeister states that tho pop-
ulation has increased twenty-two per cent, during
tlio last year."
That may remind us of one of our own west-
ern cities.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the date of that?
Mr. SUMNER. December ti, 1SG0.
" Tho high pi ices which ever accompany a sudden
influx of population aro rendered enormous by tho
paper eurroney in circulation here,and by thefactthat
the Government and local taxes are over fifty percent,
of the rent pant, and that an enormous tax is levied
on every article of lood which enters tho city. Within
tho last three years the expenses of living have ill-
creased ono hundred per cent., and Vienna isboyond
doubt, at tho present time, the most expensive capi-
tal in Europe."
Again he says, in another place :
" Vienna, is, next to London and Paris, tho largest
capital m Kurope. At those places the consulates
receive, including clork hire and rent, an allowance
of and &8,000, respectively."
It appears from the consular returns of last
year that the fees received by the consul at
Vienna were §4,474 50, being, therefore, a
considerable sum above the salary proposed
by the new bill; and I have to submit to the
Senate whether under the circumstances, that
our service abroad may be properly efficient,
the salary should not be raised still more, and
be brought nearer to that of some of the other
principal consulates; for instance, London,
•SO,000; Calcutta, $5,000; Montreal, $4,000;
Paris. §f>,000; Ilavnna, $G,00(); Alexandria,
§3,500; Shanghai, §6,000. I would suggest
to tliechairmauof the Committee on Commerce
that Vienna be put at least at §3,500, if not
$4,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. What the Senator states
with regard lothegrowthofVienna isperfecLly
correct; but the business at Vienna amounts
to but §4,401—-
. Mr. SUMNER. Forty-four hundred and
seventy-four dollars.
Mr. CHANDLER. While the consular
business of London is §38,000 ; the consular
business of Liverpool, §oo,000, and of Paris,
§42,502. We have allowed something for clerk
hite, which this consul has not heretofore
had, as the Senator will see, and it is entirely
satisfactory to the consul at Vienna.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator under-
stand that it is?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move no amend-
ment.
Mr. STOCKTON. The remarks made by
the distinguished chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, the Senator from Massa-
I chusetts, I think are eminently true. Vienna
is one of the mostexpensive capitals to live in ;
but I think the mistake made is in providing
for a consul there at all. We waul, none there.
I am very sure that a consul cannot oe expected
to live there decei$iy on §3,000 a year. It
