18T0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5S63
Mr. ABBOTT. I suggest to the Senator
from South Carolina to designate the names
in the bill of the Senator from Kentucky to
which he objects, or which have failed to pass
the committee, and see then whether the Sen-
ator from Kentucky will accept an amendment
striking them out. If he will do that, the
remainder can pass at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from North Carolina that
that would be more properly in order after the
Senate resolve to continue the consideration of
this bill. That motion is still pending.
' Mr. SPENCER. No one would feel more
pleased than myself to accommodate the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. I am anxious to accom-
modate him, and shall vote for his bill. I wish
to state to the Senate, however, that in the bill
reported by the committee there are a large
number of names from all the southern States,
and we all feel interested in them. It is a mat-
ter of political consequence to us all that the
political disability bill reported by the commit-
tee should be passed at this session. I under-
stand that the bill which the Senator from South
Carolina offers as a substitute for the bill of
the Senator from Kentucky includes aboutforty
of the names in the bill of the Senator from
Kentucky. I was going to propose to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to accept the amendment
of the Senator from South Carolina, and then
to add by motion the other names, excepting
the name of Basil W. Duke and General Smith,
which are objected to.
Mr. McCREERY. I have explained that
the bill reported by the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Ames] on the 15th of April included
forty-three names from Kentucky; and the bill
reported by the chairman of the committee,
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Rob-
ertson,] on the 4th of June, included thirty-
three names. I believe that about fifty-five
names in both bills are in this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to postpone the special order for the purpose
of continuing the consideration of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, to strike out all of the bill after
the enacting clause and to insert in lieu thereof
the general bill reported' by the_ select^ Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. MORTON. Before that question is put,
I desire to submit a motion in regard to the
pending bill. I move to strike out the name
of "John Couch, Hopkins county," in line
nineteen, page 2, and also the name of "A.
J. Sisk, Hopkins county," in line forty-five,
page 3.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order, and has priority of the motion of the
Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. MORTON. I have a number of letters
here from Kentucky, and southern Indiana
especially, in regard to the names of these
persons. I do not think it necessary to go into
the charges made against them j but I move to
strike out these names.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion to strike out and insert the Senator
from Indiana moves to amend the bill of the
Senator from Kentucky by striking oat the
names of John Couch and A. J. Sisk, of Hop-
kins county.
Mr. McCREERY. I will remark that I
think the Senator from Indiana must be labor-
ing under some misapprehension. Mr. Sisk
and Mr. Couch are men in the humbler walks
of life. They have never been rich in their
lives: and, as far as I know, there are no two
men hardly who have more character for hon-
esty and uprightness than they have in the
community in which they live. I understand
that they have the confidence of the whole
community; and, in fact, the leading Radical
raan in Hopkins county, Mr. 0. Waddell, has
written me a letter in behalf of each of these
men, in which he urged me to do all I could
to have their disabilities removed. The Sen-
ator, doubtless, has information satisfactory to
him; but I think a man who lives on the ground,
in the town of Madisonville, is as apt to be as
well informed as any one else. I hope the Sen-
ator will withdraw his amendment so far as
these men are concerned. I have known the
Sisks for, I believe, twenty-six years—ever
since 1844. They have resided in that coun-
try for about half a century, and I think I have
hardly ever heard a charge against that family
of Sisks. Big Andy Sisk, I believe, was the
father of this Andrew J. Sisk. I hope the
Senator will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. MORTON. While I am very desirous
to oblige the Senalorfrom Kentucky, and while
I feel a great deal of embarrassment in opposing
his wishes here in any respect after the appeal
he has made to us, yet I have a duty to per-
form to the Republicans of Kentucky. Now,
I am sure the Senator does not want me to
read the letters that I have here in relation to
these men. They will damage his whole bill
immensely if they are read. 1 have letters here
from Union men in the neighborhood where
these men live, giving reasons why their dis-
abilities should not be removed. If my amend-
ment is opposed I shall read them.
Mr. McCREERY. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, on consultation with my
colleague, we have concluded to let the names
be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that there is no objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana, and these
two names of Sisk and Couch will be stricken
out.
Mr. DRAKE. Before the Senator from
South Carolina moves his substitute  
Xhe VICE PRESIDENT. He has moved it.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, pending the motiou
to insert the substitute I wish to make an
amendment, if upon inquiry of the Senator
from Kentucky the fact should be found to be
with regard to one name in this bill as I sup-
pose it to be. In line eleven there is the name
of "R. J". Breckinridge," of Lincoln county,
Kentucky ; I cannot conceive it possible that
that can be the name of the Presbyterian cler-
gyman, Robert J. Breckinridge, the old war-
horse of the Union during the time of the war,
and I am sure he would feel grossly outraged
to have his name go into the statute-books of
the nation, historically telling to posterity that
he had applied to have political disabilities
removed from him.
Mr. McCREERY. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will inform him that this Robert J.
Breckinridge is the son of the old Robert J.
Breckiniidge.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I ask to hive the word
"junior" put after the name of "Breckin-
ridge" there.
Mr. McCREERY. That amendment is
accepted
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the word "juuior"will be added
after " Breckinridge." It is so ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I now move the sub-
stitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina, to strike out this bill, as amended, and
to insert as a substitute the bill reported by
the Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the effect
of that is to defeat the bill of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be a misunderstanding. The Chair will
again repeat the question, as he has done twice
previously. It is to strike" out all of the bill of
the Senator from Kentucky after the enacting
clause, and to insert the bill reported by the
Committee on Disabilities, embracing names
from eighteen or twenty States, four or five
thousand in number, in lieu of the bill of.the
Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make this state-
ment : I think the adoption of this amendment
attaching the bill reported by the Senator from
South Carolina will endanger the passage of
the bill of the Senator from Kentucky. 1 think
it very doubtful whether a bill containing that
large number of names can pass this body at
all, and if it does it will pass over objections
and after much delay.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I fully concur in what the
Senator from Indiana has said oa this subject
It is perfectly apparent that if this bill pro-
posed by the Senator from Kentucky is opened
to amendment at all its passage at this session
will be defeated. If we allow any additions to
be made we must allow all additions to be
made; and I presume there are a large number
of Senators here who desire to have certain
other persons included in this bill, if any are
included. I think if we desire, out of courtesy
to the Senator from Kentucky, or for any other
consideration, to pass this bill, we ought not
to allow it to be amended, particularly by the
addition of the bill proposed by the Senator
from South Carolina.
So far as I am concerned, I am disposed to
be exceedingly liberal in reference to the
removal of disabilities. Indeed, I douht, in
view of existing circumstances, in view of
what has been done, in view of the fact that
men who were in the rebellion have been
elevated to the most prominent positions in
this nation, whether it is worth while now to
higgle over this question as to who shall or
shall not be exempted from disabilities. It
looks to me as though it was becoming rather
farcical for Congress to be making questions
here as to whether certain individuals shall or
shall not be exempted from disabilities, when
men who were prominent in the rebellion have
been elevated to the highest positions in the
country.
But, sir, I am desirous, on account of the
kind feeling that I have for the Senator from
Kentucky, to allow this bill to pass, and not
have it embarrassed by the numerous amend-
ments that will be proposed. Whenever the
Senator from South Carolina shall bring up hi
bill I shall be willing to support it, and to sup-
port it with such amendments as may be made
to it. I hope, therefore, that we shall allow
this bill to pass now without further delay.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-.
ator proceeds, the Chair will state that he has
been requested to enforce the fourth rule. The
Senator has spoken twice in this debate since
the proposition was made by him. The Chair,
however, will not arrest him, regarding unan-
imous consent as being given, he being the
chairman of the committee, that he may pro-
ceed. There appears to be no objection, and
the Senator will proceed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities, after a great deal of trouble and
with a good deal of care, have prepared this bill.
There are in the bill, if I mistake not, thirty-
four names from Kentucky that have not been
rejected. There were a number of names from
Kentucky rejected, the exact number I do not
now recollect. There were protests against
the removal of the disabilities of those persons,
and hence their names were not inserted in
this bill. If the Senate choose to pass those
names rejected by the committee, and against
which there were protests, the names of per-
sons in Kentucky who have beenhoffiing office
in violationofthethird sectionof thefourteenth
article of amendment, it is a matter of very
little importance to mo.
If the Senate shall vote down my present
amendment, then I shall move as an amend-
ment to this bill Senate bill No. 855, which
relieves all persons from their political dis-
abilities except three classes. It is a bill in
which I feel a very strong interest, and I have
