1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3475
" I shall be most happy to impart any Other inform-
ation desired, or will come to Washington, if you
deem such a course desirable. That some relief to
facilitate the prompt return of funds must be had or
the trade go into other channels is oertain to all in
the trade."
Mr. PLAIT. Allow me to make one state-
ment in regard to the ad valorem duty of 10 per
cent. I will simply say that 10 per cent, since
the war and before it is 1 cent per pound, and
there are 20 pounds to the bushel, and the
average value of the product is $2 a bushel. I
ask that the duty may be raised to 20 per cent.,
or 2 cents a pound.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to close all debate
on the paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Platt's
amendment; and there were—ayes 60, noes
30; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Platt and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, to strike out
"2" and insert "1so that the clause would
read, "On rice, cleaned or uncleaned, 1 cent
per pound."
The question was put; and the amendment •
was rejected—ayes twenty, noes not counted. 1
The Clerk read as follows:
On all timber not otherwise provided for squared
sided, 1 cent per cubic foot.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise. I
The motion was agreed to. ,
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on <
the state of the Union had, according to order, I
had under consideration the state of the Union 1
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
GENERAL STEUBEN'S MONUMENT. j;
Mr. DAWES, i ask that the Clerk may j!
read an invitation which has been addressed ! j
to the House. jj
The Clerk read as follows: '!
"Washington, D. C., May 12,1870.
Sir: We have been requested by the German asso-
ciations of thiscity to cordially andrespectfully invite !
you, and through you the honored members of Con-
cress, to be present at the laying of the corner-stone I
of General Von Steuben's monument, on Monday. '
May 16, four p. m., in the Schutzen park, on Seventh
street.
General Steuben having been one of the heroes
of the warof independence, tre confidently hope that
thepublic service may allow an adjournment in time
to participate in the festivities of the occasion.
We are, sir, with great esteem, very respectfully,
your obedient servants,
S. WOLF.
A. CLUSS.
L. WALDECKER,
Committee.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representative*.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wonder if
they have heard of our tax on lager-beer?
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House accept
the invitation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether this
park is not out so far that it would take an hour
or more to get there after leaving the Capitol,
and if an acceptance of the invitation will not
result necessarily in no business being done on
Monday at all?
Mr. DAWES. The exercises commence at
four o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know that; but we shall
have to start from here between two and three
o'elock to get there in time.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know how that would
he. Perhaps I had better modify my motion
and move that a committee be appointed to
attend.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like very much
to go. Nobody hates work more than I do,
but I have to do a great deal of it.
Mr. DAWES. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schengk] I will modify my motion so that it
will be that this House accept the invitation
just read, and that the Chair be authorized to
appoint a committee of five members to rep-
resent this House on that occasion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that, if the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is made the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PETERS. And have the rest of the
committee taken from the free-trade side of
the House. [Laughter. ]
Mr. DICKEY. In that case we might get
through the tariff bill before they get back.
The motion of Mr. Dawes was then agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced the following
members as the committee jnst authorized by
the House: Henry L. Dawes of Massachu-
setts, Norman B. Judd oflllinois, E. Degener
of Texas, Samuel S. Cox of New York, and J.
Lawrence Getz of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to i_and accordingly
(at ten o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned
until Monday nex<t.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of John
C. Brookhart, late of company D$ seventh
Missouri cavalry, for bounty.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition of citizens of
Barry county, Missouri, praying for a mail
route.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wright, La-
clede, and Webster counties, Missouri, pray-
ing for mail routes.
By Mr. BURCHARD: A petition of 30 citi-
zens of Morrison, Illinois, in regard to duties
on certain articles.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens
Of Seneca and Wayne counties, New York, for
a post route from Waterloo, Seneca county,
New York, to Clyde, Wayne county, New
York.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of William
Wheeler Hubbell, with a plan and proposition
to ventilate the House of Representatives.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of John G.
Harbottle and others, citizens of the city of
Watertown, Jefferson county, New York, pray-
ing Congress to pass a law allowing the import-
ation of pig lead from foreign countries free of
duty.
By Mr. McKENZIE: The petition of Matilda
Barrett, of Fredericksburg, Virginia, grand-
daughter of Captain James Barrett, an officer
of the war of the Revolution, asking for relief.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of R. A.
Brunton, of Amelia county^ Virginia, praying
that his legal and political disabilities, imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution, be removed.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the words "on the 8th day
of May, 1865," and to insert in lieu thereof,
after the word "month," the words " fromand
after the passage of this act."
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
disagree to the amendment of the House, and
ask for a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 16, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
william b. looney.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 147) granting a
pension to William B. Looney, of Alabama.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee be appointed?
Mr. SPENCER. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently ap-
pointed Mr. Spencer, Mr. Howell, and Mr.
Pratt as the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
REBECCA SHOEMAKER.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 846) granting a pension to Rebecca
Shoemaker.
The amendment was to strike out " com-
mencing the 7th of June, 1862," and insert
" during her widowhood, from and after the
passage of this act."
Mr. HOWELL. I make the same motion
in that case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa moves that the Senate disagree to
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives and ask for a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee be appointed ?
Mr. HOWELL. By the Chair:
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently ap-
pointed Mr. Howell, Mr. Pratt, and Mr.
Spencer as the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
charles h. pendleton.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
96) to place the name of Charles H. Pendleton
on the Navy Register as lieutenant commander,
active list.
The amendments were to strike out all after
the name " CharlesH. Pendleton " and to add,
"and Richard P. Leary, lieutenants United
States Navy, be placed upon the Navy Regis-
ter as lieutenant commanders, active list, from
the 12th day of August, 1869, with the pay of
such rank from the date of their commis-
sions;" so that it will read:
That the names of Charles H. Pendleton and Rich-
ard P. Leary, lieutenants United States Navy, be
plaoed upon the Navy Register as lieutenant com-
manders, active list, from the 12th day of August,
1869, with the pay of such rank from the date of
their commissions.
And also to amend the title of the joint reso-
lution so as to read:
Ajoint resolution to place the names of Charles
H. Pendleton and Richard P. Leary on the Navy
Register as lieutenant coihmanders, active list.
Mr. DRAKE. I move the reference of the
joint resolution, with the amendments, to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That Joseph R. Brown ba&e leave to
withdraw hia petition and paper? from the files of
the Senate.
housfe bills referred.
The following bill and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on. Naval Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 1619) to restore Robert
Boyd, jr., to the active list of the Navy of the
United States $ ' „
• A joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) for tht
