276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
suddenly awakes from its sleep tfpon the post
of duty. It has heard the voice-of the Exec-
utive and it is swift to obey. Its drowsy slum-
bers are-suddenly shaken off and it bursts forth
in loud and clamorous' indignation as if the
conduct of the Georgia Legislature seventeen
months ago had just reached this Capitol and
been discovered by the vigilant eyes of Sen-
ators. Sir, it was not, the- news from Georgia
that had just penetrated that wise and dignified
assembly. The whole facts in her case have
been traveling up and down the country until
they are stale upon the public mind; they
of themselves have never been able to arouse
the action of either branch of Congress. The
potential voice of the Executive, however,
fends an inspiration to the minds of men which'
the merits of the case never did.
The Senate has lent a willing heed to that
voice, and it now remains to be seen whether
with no new facts, with no new arguments
upon the same old cause; whether for the
reason simply that the President says this
ought to be done, this House will reverse its
solemn and twice recorded action upon this
question.
I ask gentlemen who have made a record for
themselves of their own independent volition
whether they will wipe it out because the Pres-
ident of the United States tells®them to do so ?
It is hard to believe that it will be done. It is
difficult to believe that gentlemen who have
made up their minds upon a full statement of
this case and signified their conclusions by
their votes will change that opinion merely
because the President tells them they were
wrong. With all proper respect for the present
Executive, I do not believe the majority of this
House, his own supporters and political friends,
entertain that exalted opinion of his learning
as a statesman or his wisdom as a jurist which
will lead them to believe more in his sugges-
tions now than they believed in their own
matured opinions when this question was fully
before them. It remains to be seen, Mr.
Speaker, whether in this I am correct. If
it should unhappily prove to be the fact that
Representatives upon this floor are thus to
be swayed and humiliated by the Executive,
then this body is as completely under a master
as were the miserable Parliaments of England
when they bent, beneath the iron sway of Crom-
well, or as the French Assembly when it lay at
the mercy of Napoleon. He disdains explana-
tion and does not stoop to reason with you, bnt
without argument and in brief and contempt-
uous terms, and in blind and total disregard of
yourprevious committals, he tells yon to reverse
your whole conduct 011 this great and vital
measure.
Sir, in approaching the merits of this bill the
first thought that occurs to the mind is whether
Georgians or is not a State. In the judgment
ol this side of the House she has never ceased
to be what our fathers made her in the begin-
ning. According to our views the rebellion was
an insurrection of people and not a war waged
by States. That, too, was the doctrine o['your
great leader, Mr. Lincoln; it was the doctrine
of the entire Congress while the war raged ; it
was the doctrine of every department of this
Government; and from that great fact there is
no escape in the hereafter of history. Occupy-
ing that position, I have no trouble; to me she
is a State and always has been. But a different
position was assumed by Congress in 1807 ; a
revolution took place in your minds, a change
came over your councils. This body, by a law
entitled an act of reconstruction, decided that
the States whose people had been in rebellion
were not States of this Union, and prescribed
the conditions by which alone they might be-
come States as they had once been. By that
law you said that Georgia was not a State, but
you prescribed how she might restore herself
to that position again.
Now, I submit to all candid men if Georgia
has complied with all you asked of her, with
all you put in that law, and has left nothing
undone that you required her to do, whether
she has not a standing under the law which for-
bids honest people from enacting new condi-
tions and imposing new terms?
On this question, sir, my attention was par-
ticularly arrested, in looking over the debates
of the Senate, by the position assumed by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] He
makes the bold, unqualified statement that
Georgia has not complied with the acts of re-
construction. That is a direct and explicit
averment which must stand or fall by the well-
known facts of the case. I propose to try it
upon the proof's. At the last session of this
Congress I discussed this point, and I take the
liberty of submitting the conclusions I then
reached.
"The act of reconstruction, as it is called, abolish-
ing the State governments of ten States was passed
March 3,3867, almost two years after the last battle
was fought. By this law the Army of the United
States took possession of Georgia and her sisters in
distress, drove out civil authority at the point of the
bayonet, and trampled into the dust those great prin-
ciples of legal liberty which ages of toil and blood
and sacrifice have alone sufficed to establish in the
councils of men. Georgia as a State was dead. She
was one of the old thirteen, and was born with Amer-
ican independence and had survived the rebellion,
but by tho act of reconstruction she ceascd to exist as
a member of the American Union. But by this act
provision was made by which she might live'again,
file conditions were prescribed and presented to her
with the sword ovor her head suspended by a hair.
The terms were carefully considered and mostrigidly
fixed. She had no voicc. You held a prisoner in
chains and gagged, and then for yourselves and in
your own way coolly and deliberately wrote down
and enacted the conditions on which you would re-
store licr to liberty. Ilcr conduct was pointed out
and directed by the iron hand of a master. It was
not hers to question, hut to obey.
"Has Georgia complied with your terms? Is she
anywhere in default before tho law ? The very able,
comprehensive,and exhaustive discussion oftho facts
mado by tho distinguished gentleman from Ken-
tucky TMr. BeoicJ on this subject places the answer
beyond the region of doubt. By the fifth section of
tho act of reconstruction provision was made for the
election of a constitutional convention, for the form-
ation of a constitution by that convention, for tho
submission of the constitution to the people, for its
examination and approval by Congress, and for the
ratification of tho fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of tho United States by a Legislature elected
under tho new State constitution. When these cir-
cumstances have taken placo, tho section from which
I quoto provides that 'said State shall bo declared
entitled to representation in Congress, and Senators
and Representatives shall tie admitted therefrom
on their taking the oath proscribed by law.' There-
upon tho civil authority rises into active being in
such State, and tho military arm is withdrawn.
"In March, 1868, tho constitutional convention of
Georgia, acting in pursuance of the act of recon-
struction, adopted a constitution, submitted it to
tho poopl o, by whom it was ratified in April by a
majority of tho registered voters, all parties taking
part in tho election. I eito tho report of General
Meado as my authority for this statement. When
this constitution was prosonted here it was examined
and approved by Congress with certain modifications
set, forth ill an act entitled ' An act to admit the
State of North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
(Jeoigia, Alabama, and Floiida to representation in
Conpre^,' passed Juno 25. 1S68. General Meade,
speaking on tliis point in his report, says: 'And the
Legislature which convened in July, making these
modifications and otherwise complying with the re-
quirements of tho reconstruction laws, tho State,
together with Alabama and Florida, was by act of
Congress formally admitted to representation/ In
his telegram to General Grant of July 22,1S6S, he
also states very explicitly that 'both houses of tho
Genera^ Assembly of Georgialiad bysolemn act com-
plied with tho requisitions of the act of Congress
which besamealawJunc25,1868:' t.h at the Governor-
elect had been inaugurated, and, as a very natural
conclusion, that ' the State of Georgia is therefore
"nder the acts of Congress entitled to representation.'
'But there is evfdcnco still more binding upon
tins body than any I have yet produced ; it consists
ot its own recorded action. Tho State of Georgia,
toiling back onco more into political lifo through all
the conditions imposed upon her, at last reached the
point where she was permitted to elect members of
Congress. They came here, and only; eight short
months ago tho gentleman from Massachusetts.JMr.
Dawes,J then chairman of tho Committeo of Elec-
tions, mado a report that Georgia had ratified tho four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution oftho United
States,' and in a,11 other respects' had conformed to
tho requirements of lawin regard'to her admission as
a State into tho Union, and that her members wero
entitled to their seats. This report, with its import-
ant and conclusive 'statements, was adopted by this
House, and the Representatives of Georgia took
their seats m the Fortieth Congress. This close" tho
record of reconstruction, and is tho last, process known
to the law upon that subject. What more can there
r L Tithere no end to the movements and jpowcrs
of tho Federal authority over the State ? If Georgia
is not now a State upon terms of equality with" the
other States of the Union when will she be ? I hold
that she is to-day a State as independent of Federal
interference as Massachusetts or Indiana. Her work
is done in strict obodienee to the command of Con-
gress. The task you gave her to do is finished. Who
can rise up and deny my statement on this point?
Not Congress; for by adopting tho report of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts ["Mr. Dawes! this body
has admitted in the gravest form possible that Geor-
gia had conformed in all respects to the require-
ments of law on the subject other admission into tho
Union. Nor can the present Executive ; for, as the
General of the Army, he sanctioned tho views andr
official action of General Meade. Here, then, stands
a State, a perfect State, in full and perfect relation
to the Federal Government."
General Meade, in eommand of the depart-
mentof the South, was charged with the enforce-
ment of the reconstruction acts of Congress. It
was his sworn duty to see that they were
complied with, and consequently his opinion
whether they were enforced, whether they were
complied with, is entitled to the highest 'con-
sideration. He states explicitly that the State
of Georgia has complied with the laws on the
subject of reconstruction. He squarely contra-
dicts the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
His telegram of July 22, 1888, is conclusive.
I might safely rest the case upon the statement
of this officer whose duty it was to enforce the
laws, and who declared that he had done so.
But the additional proof is overwhelming.
Allow me to recall the attention of the House
to the fact, known of every member and fully
considered here in April last, that this House
itself in August, 1868, upon the direct question
whether Georgia had complied with the laws
of Congress and whether she was entitled
thereafter to representation, decided that she
had complied, and was entitled to all her rights
and privileges as a State. The distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
then chairman of the Committee of Elections
and now chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, introduced the report into this body
which declared that Georgia had in all re-
spects—in all respects—the broad strong lan-
guage which I use is the language of his re-
port—that she had in all respects complied with
the requirements of the act of reconstruction,
and she was therefore entitled to representation.
This House ratified and adopted that report.
The members from Georgia came in upon this
floor and were sworn at that desk pursuant to
the decision you then made. What else can
you require now? What more is necessary?
Was she not a perfect State ? You said so by
the admission of her members to this floor.
Do you hold the doctrine that a State can cease
to exist when she pleases or when you please?
Do you determine that there may be a State in
1868 and none in 1869? The distinguished
Senator froni Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] driven
by considerations like these, was forced to deny,
in the face of tho most conclusive proof, that
Georgia had complied with the acts of recon-
struction. He could not admit that she was a
State in August, 1868, as this House did. He
c„ould not, logically admit that step by step every
process imposed upon her had been complied
with. Yet this body has so determined. The
majority here has so voted. Yet my colleague
in the other branch of Congress, under the
guidance of the Executive, urges my colleagues
on this floor to give a vote of self-stultification.
The President, too, blind to our committals
upon this question, asks us to reopen it. He
holds the book of official life and the riches of
patronage in his hands and expects thereby to
lead or drive as men's minds or inclinations
may dispose them to follow or be driven.
Sir, the action of this body is conclusive
upon itself. In August of 1868 we said that
Greorgia had done all that was necGssary. The
book was closed; the seal was set; Georgia
was restored, her star replaced upon that flag,
and there it has shone from that hour to this ;
and when this question was sought to be re-
opened last spring by the distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bxjtler] this
House, true to its dignity, true to its solemn
action of the August preceding, said it would
not disturb the record.
