574
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July %
Senate.
Naturalization—Mr. Johnston.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
obtained contrary to then existing laws; and shall
thereupon pronounce a judgment in the premises,
cither affirming the right of such party to bo a citizen
of the United States or debarring him theretrom.
according to the merits of each case: Provided, That
no statement which the party thus examined may
make sh-ill be adduced as evidence against him in
any criminal prosecution other than for the crime of
perjury committed on such examination: Provided
further, That the judge holding such court ma,y refer
any case arising under this section to one of the com-
missioners named in this net for trial and adjudica-
tion, who may exorcise all the powers herein con-
ferred upon the court itself, except to punish for
contempt, which a commissioner may do only in
eases of contcmpt occurring before himself, and then
in pursuance of im order of the courtuiado onreport
of the taots by the commissioner to the court.
Mr. JOHNSTON. The beginning of that
section authorizes the district attorney in any
district, who is informed by the affidavit of
any person setting forth the grounds of his
belief that some person therein named lias in
his possession or control a false naturalization
paper, to summon such person to appear, &c.
Mr. President, that establishes a sort of
espionage over the whole community, over
everybody. If this section is adopted it will
be rather a dangerous thing to have a certif-
icate of naturalization, because if a person
should have one any malicious neighbor who
has a personal spite to gratify against him, any
of his political opponents who wants to de-
prive him of his right to vote, can give inform-
ation to the district attorney that lie believes
him to be in the possession of a fiaudulent
certificate, and the district attorney can sum-
mon the party to appear before the court and
take the proceedings subsequently authorized
by this section.
Again, this section provides that the party
against whom an accusation of this sort may
be made shall be deprived of liis certificate
and I hat it shall be lodged with the clerk of the
court. A certificate of naturalization which
the party may have had in his possession for
many years—thirty years, forty years, perhaps
half a century—upon which he has exercised
the right of suffrage times innumerable, can
be taken from him upon the mere complaint
of any one and lodged with the clerk of a
court. The bill does not provide for an adju-
dication on this subject. It does not wait for
the fact to be ascertained whether the certifi-
cate is indeed fraudulent or obtained improp-
erly j but, upon the mere suggestion or the
mere complaint by anybody the party is de-
prived in advance of (his certificate, and he
is compelled to lodge it with the clerk of the
court. The legal presumption ought to be
(hat the certificate, which is a judgment of a
court, like other judgments, should he pre-
sumed valid till the contrary was shown ; but
here this presumption is reversed, and the
judgment is pronounced invalid until shown
to be valid.
Now, suppose ati election isaboutto eomeoff
in a given locality ; suppose it, is impoitant to
deprive a certain number of naturalized citi-
reus of the right to vote. A little while before
that election, what would be easier than for
hundreds of these complaints to ho gotten up,
and in that way have the certificates of the
parties whose votes it is desired to exclude
lodged with the clerk of the court, and the
parties thus deprived of the right, to vote?
When the election is over the complaints are
dropped. The men go back and get their cer-
t ificatcs; but in the mean time the election has
passed by, and they have lost the right to vote.
i he section further goes on and provides
that this proceeding may be had iu the district
were the certificate was originally granted, and
then it contains this extraordinary provision
that the court may summon the party, " where
ever he or she may be," to answer. There
is a court sitting, for instance, in Florida, which
has granted a certificate of naturalization. A
suggestion is made to the district attorney that,
a certain party has in his possession a certifi-
cate of naturalization which was illegally issued
or fraudulent. Upon that statement the court
has a right under this section to issue an order
to bring the party before it, no matter where he
may be. The court, according to this bill, may
be sitting in Florida and the party may be in
Alaska; and yet he may be brought from Alaska
to Florida upon a complaint of this sort, and
compelled to answer. That, certainly, is the
most extraordinary provision ever inserted in
any law. Wherever a naturalized citizen tnay
be in the United States, in any State or Terri-
tory, he is liable to this power, to be exercised
at the discretion of the district attorney of the
court where the paper was originally issued.
He can be brought back thousands of miles ;
his business can be destroyed; he can he sub-
jected to a separation of days and months from
his family ; and although living in one extreme
part of the country, he may be compelled to go
to the farthest portion from him to litigate his
right to vote. Could anything be more oppress-
ive or more unjust than that?
The common principle of law is that where
the defendant or the party accused resides is
the place where his civil rights mustbeadjudi-
eated. The position of a defendant, according
to the legal maxim, is better than that of the
plaintiff; but this bill reverses all that. This
bill presumes the man guilty ; it treats him as
guilty ; it takes him away from his home, thou-
sands of miles off, to where proceeding is insti-
tuted.
Then the section has the extraordinary and
tyrannical provision that the party must not
only lodge the certificate with the clerk of the
couit,, but he must "submit to an examination
under oath, if required by the district attor-
ney, touching the genuineness of such certifi-
cate or evidence of citizenship." This pro-
poses a retrograde feature in our law, going
back to those old oppressive principles which
have longsince been abandoned in this country.
Here, for the first time by this bill, we author-
ize a party accused under it, to be brought in
the first place from another State, and when
he is brought into court ho is to be put vpoti
the stand and examined by the court under
oath. You might just as well take a man who
is indicted for murder, or indicted lor any
other criminal offense, and put him 011 the
stand and examine him upou oath. There is
110 diU'erenee 111 principle in the two cases. A
man is charged with crime in having obtained
a certificate of naturalization improperly, and
in order to convict him, in order to ascertain
whether he is guilty of the crime or not, this
feature is introduced into the bill of permitting
his examination upon oath. To be sure the
bill goes 011 to provide that he shall not be
convicted of the offense of obtaining a certifi-
cate fraudulently by virtue of anything he dis-
closes in his own examination; but it does
provide that he may subject himself to the
penalties of perjury. If, upon this forced
examination, upon this examination in his own
case, I10 is charged with being guilty of perjury,
he can be indicted for it.
The case of witnesses where the rights of
third parties are concerned stands upon alto-
gether different ground. Those who know
anything about a matter in controversy should
be compelled to testify, and if they testify
falsely they should be subjected to punish-
ment. But here is the man's own case; he is
the party interested; the suit relates to his
rights alone ; and this bill compels him to sub-
mit to this examination, and subjects him to
prosecution for perjury in regard to it. Not
only that, it subjects him to disgrace. We
have a legal principle that a man shall not be
compelled as a witness to testify anything that
may expose him to punishment or disgrace.
But by this bill you compel a man, under heavy
penalties, and give the court strong power to
enforce them, to testify in his own case in a
matter which subjects him to a prosecution for
perjury, and which subjects him to disgrace
before the whole community.
Another objection to this provision is that
there is no limitation upon it. Why, sir, is
there not to be some time when a man's rights
are to become vested ? Is there to be no lim-
itation ? Is a naturalized eitizen always to be
open to attack ? A man gets a certificate of
naturalization in 1870. He runs the gauntlet
of all the severe provisions of this law. He
does everything that the law requires. He is
exposed to the examination of all the petti-
foggers in the town where he made .his appli-
cation. He is liable to have his application
opposed by any citizen. He has to undergo all
the strict provisions of this law. Having com-
plied with every provision, having passed the
ordeal of all these things, he puts the certifi-
cate in his pocket, and thinks at last, " Now I
shall be safe; I have done everything the law
requires. Hero is a stringent law requiring me
to do a great deal; I have done it, and now I
ought to be secure." But he is not safe. Ho
obtains his certificate in the year 1870; and in
the year 1880 that certificate is just as open to
contest as it was when it was obtained. In the
year 1890 it is open to contest. In the year
1900 it is open to contest. In the year 1910 it
is open to contest, and as long as the man lives,
if he lives to be a patriarch. There is not a day
in his whole life that, according to the provis-
ions of this bill, his right to be a citizen under
it cannot be disputed. There is no limitation.
He is always at the mercy not only of those
who seek to prevent his voting at the polls,
but also of those who may want to deprive him
of the right of suffrage, or to annoy or harass
him in any other way. His opponents and ene-
mies, defeated one day, may renew the attack
the next; defeated again, may again assail;
they may fight it out on that line as long as he
lives.
Surely there ought to be some limitation,
some period at which a man's rights become
vested. There ought to be some time when a
man should feel that he is secure. There ought
to be sometime beyond which nobody can annoy
him or harass him, by seeking to deprive him
of this great right. There is 110 such limitation
in this bill. This bill leaves the whole subject
open until the man is in his grave. Nothing
but death, nothing but going down to his last
home protects him from what may be done to
him under the eighth section of this bill. Is it
possible that such a provision as that will be
adopted by the Senate of the United States?
All other lights, no matter what they are, have
periods of limitation beyond which they can-
not be contested. We have a period beyond
which a party shall not be prosecuted in regard
to everything except this. This is intended to
be left open as long as the man lives. This
provision is so objectionable that I am sure
the Senate will not adopt it.
There is another curious feature in this sec-
tion. It, does not allow a man to deny that he
ever had a certificate. If anybody goes before
a district attorney and suggests that a certain
person has a fraudulent certificate of natural-
ization in his possession the district attorney
issues his process to compel him to appear.
When he does appear the only issue which he
is allowed by this bill to make is the validity
of that certificate. It does not allow him to
say that he never had one. He cannot say,
"This whole thing is a mistake; I never had a
certificate of naturalization ;" but it compels
to put. in issue only the validity of this alleged
certificate; but he is compelled to defend him-
self i;i the manner 1 have suggested.
The ninth section contains a provision which
th rows the burden of proving hia innocence
upon the party who is brought before the court.
It reverses the rules of legal evidence in that
respect. A mau cannot throw himself upon
