1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
February 25, 1862, was the pledge of our rev-
enues from imported goods for the payment
not only of the interest, but for the payment
of the principal of the public debt. We required
those duties to be paid in gold, thus distin-
guishing them from internal taxes, and we
pledged the whole of this to the holders of our
bonds. We provided that the interests of the
bonds should be paid in gold, and we set aside
the duties from imported goods to pay first the
interest and not less than one per cent, of the
principal annually. The third and most im-
portant provision of the act of February 25,
18G2, was the clause making a legal-tender
currency of United States notes convertible at
the pleasure of the holder into bonds bearing
gold interest. Upon these three fundamental
conditions the act of February 25, 1862, and
all the subsequent acts were founded. They
were ghort loans—payment of interest in coin
and legal tenders.
Now, Mr. President, it may be proper to
Ktate the reasons for this policy. Short loans
were adopted that we might not bind the future
to the payment of usurious ratee of interest.
We recognized the existence of a great press-
ing necessity that would tend to depreciate the
public eredit; and we took care, therefore, not
to make those loans for a long period, so as to
biud the future to the payment of the rates
which we were then compelled to pay. We
provided for gold interest and gold revenue
to avoid the extreme inflations of an irre-
deemable currency. We wished to rest our
paper fabric ou a coin basis, and to keep con-
stantly in view ultimate specie payments. I
believe but for that provision in the loan act
of February 25, 1862, that in 1864 our finan-
cial system would have been utterly overthrown.
There was jiothing to anchor it to tb« earth
except the collection of duties in coin and the
payment of the interest on our bonds in coin.
If the interest on our bonds had not been
payable iu coin during the war it is probable
that in the terrible depreciatio* of 1864 our
paper money might have disappeared out of
sight, and then people would have resorted
again to barter or gold, in disregard of our
legal-tender currency. As it was, the appre-
ciation at one time arose to $286 of our paper
money lor $100 in coin. This simple provis-
ion for the collection of duties on imports in
gold and the payment of interest in coin was
the only conservative security of oar paper sys-
tem. Without that the paper balloon might
have exploded, as it did in the revolutionary
war in the time of our fathers, as it did in the
French revolution by the issue of assignats and
mandats, and as it did in the southern confed-
eracy, where it ended in the entire destruction
of the public credit of the confederacy, at one
time higher in the money market of Great
Britain than our own.
Bat, sir, the most important and the most
revolutionary principle of the act of February
25, 1862, was the legal-tender clause. This
was a measure of imperious and pressing neces-
sity. I can recall very well the debates in
the Senate and in the House of Representa-
tives upon the legal-tender clause. We were
then standing in the face of a deficit of some
$70,000,000 of unpaid requisitions to our sol-
diers. Creditors in all parts of the country,
among them the most powerful corporations
of this country, had refused our demand notes,
then very slightly depreciated. We were under
the necessity of raising two or three million
dollars per day. We were then organizing
armies unheard of before. We stood also in
the presence of defeat, constant and imminent,
which fell upon our armies in all parts of the
country. It was before daylight was shed upon
any part of our military operations. W e adopted
the legal-tender clause then as an absolute ex-
pedient. Rememberingthedebate, I know with
what slow steps the majority of the Senate pame
to the necessity of adopting legal tenders. A
majority of the Committee on Finance, as then
organized, was opposed to the l,eg$il-tender
clause, the committee standing four against to
three for. However, the bill was reported
without striking it out, and then a proposition
was made by the Senator from Vermont, (Mr.
Collamer,) whose wisdom we always respected,
to strike out the legal-tender clause. After a
long debate his motion was voted down by a
very small vote indeed. In that vote, I am glad
to say, that there were no party lines drawn.
The yeas were 17, including a majority ot
the Committee on Finance, and the nays 22,
and among the nays whose votes were decisive
in retaining the clause were three Democrats,
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] the
then Senator from Minnesota, (Mr. Rice,) and
Mr. McDougall, of California. If their votes
had been recorded in favor of the motion of
Mr. Collamer, the legal-tender clause would
have been stricken out, and what would have
been the result God only knows.
I say this to the credit of these gentlemen,
that although they did not agree with the ma-
jority in this body at that time upon political
questions, yet upon a question which involved
the safety and the very existence of the country,
they did not shrink from their responsibility;
ana thus by the votes of Senators of both par-
ties the legal-tender clause was retained in the
bill and finally passed. Atthattime Mr. Chase
was Secretary of the Treasury. I remember
the constant, urgent, and repeated requests
made by this distingnished citizen, who was
certainly one of the ablest financial ministers
that any country everenjoyedin timeof trouble,
upon this very question of the legal-tender
clause " in season and out of season." I find
upon referring to a book recently published by
Mr. Spalding, then a member of the House
of Representatives, that when the bill was pend-
ing on the 5th of February, 1862, Mr. Chase
wrote this letter to him in reference to the legal-
tender clause:
"Such men as Nathaniel Thayer, of Boston; Alex-
ander Duncan, of Banean,Sherman & Co.; Shepard
Knapp, and Johu II. Wolf, and numerous able and
leading financial men. have told me within two days
that yau were perfectly right, and they are deeply
anxious that the legal-tender clause should stand in
the bill. They say that the country is lost (without
it."
Treasury Department, February 5,1862.
My Dear Sir : I make the above extract from a
letter received from the collector of New York this
morning. It is very important the bill should go
through to-day, and through the Senate this week.
The public exigencies do not admit of delay.
Yours, truly, S. P. CHASE.
Hon. E. G. Spalding, House of Representative .
Still earlier, on the 3d of February, 1862,
there is this letter, sent by Mr. Chase to a
member of the House of Representatives ;
and these are private letters :
"MyDe ar Sir : Mr. Seward said to me on yesterday
that you observed to him that my hesitation in com-
ing up to the legal-tender proposition embarrassed
you. I am very sorry to observe it, for my auxious
wish is to support you in all respects. It is true that
I came with reluctance to the conclusion that the
legal tender clause is a necessity, but I came to it
decidedly. I support it earnestly. I do not hesitate
when I have made up my mind, however much regret
I might feel over the necessity of the conclusion to
which 1 have come."
Then fee goes on in regard to the details of
the bill. But, sir, that is not all. In the
debate of the<legal-tender clause in the Senate
I supported it warmly and earnestly, and in
opening my remarks on that occasion I re-
ferred to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the words uttered by me then were fresh from
personal and official interviews with him. I
said, speaking of the necessity of the meas-
ure :
" In the first place I will say, every organ of finan-
cial opinion—if that is a correct expression—in this
country agrees that there issuch a necessity, in case
wo authorize the issue of demand notes. You com-
mence with tbe_ Secretary of the Treasury, who has
(riven this subject tho most ample consideration.
He declares not only in his official communications
here, but in his private intercourse with the mem-
bers of tho committee, that this clause is indispens-
ably necessary to the security and negotiability of
these demand notes. W e all know from his ;:.iitece-
dents. from his peculiar opinions, that ho would be
probably the last man among the leading politicians
of our country to yield to the necessity of substituting
paper (Jjoney for coin. Ifc has examined this ques-
tion in all its length and breadth. He is in a posi-
tion where he feels the necessity. He is a statesman
of admitted ability, and distinguished in his high
position. He informs us that without this clause to
attempt to circulate as money the proposed amount
of demand notes of the United States will prove a
fatal experiment."
And then I went on to speak at some length
as to the necessity of the legal-tender clauee
and as to the concurring opinions of public
men and private citizens throughout the coun-
try on that point. Finally, by the close vote
I have mentioned, the clause was carried, t
repeat and read these declarations to show thai
at the time the legal-tender clause was adopted
it was adopted as a pressing military necessity
to which we were compelled to resort in order
to save our country in the most terrible of exi-
gencies. And, sir, I never have seen the day
from that hour to this when I regretted yielding
to that necessity, and by this extraordinary pro-
ceeding mortgaging to the cause in which we
were engaged all the property of our people
and all the existing debts within the United
States.
There has since been a question made whether
the legal-tender clause applied to preexisting
debts; but there can be no doubt of the inten-
tion of Congress, because there were no other
debts to which it could apply. Unless it was
made to apply to preexisting debts it utterly
failed of its object, and the debate shows that
the reason why it was pressed was because
certain corporations and leading citizens were
then refusing to take in payment of their debts
the demand notes of the United States, receiv-
able even for customs dues, and we felt that it
was necessary by a legal-tender clause to mort-
gage all the credits of the United States in
order to secufe the free and undisputed cir-
culation of our notes. When the proposal
was made by a Senator from Wisconsin (x\lr.
Doolittle) to make this legal-tender clause ap-
plicable only to subsequent debts it was voted
down almost by a unanimous vote and with-
out a division. Sir, the legal-tender clause was
only useful aa a means of compelling the credit
ors to the extent of the depreciation to suiFer
the loss. It was only done as a measure of war,
a measure of necessity, and it ought and could
only have been resorted to in dire necessity.
Mr. President, it is true that the Supreme
Court have this winter, by a majority decision,
decided that clause to be unconstitutional. I
do not believe it unconstitutional. 1 believe
that this Congress or any Congress represent-
ing the people of the United States would,
under similar circumstances, adopt the same
policy; and it is very strange indeed that the
able judge who pronounced the opinion, him-
self concurred in passing the law, and uttered
his opinion in the strong language I have read
you.
Sir, it is not for the Supreme Court of the
United States to pasa upon the necessity of
any measure. I have the decision in the case
of Hepburn vs. Griswold before me, and find
that the whole basis of the decision is that this
clause was not a necessary or appropriate means
to carry out an express grant of power.
Why, sir, if the Congress of the United States
has not the power to pass upon the necessary
means to carry out its plainly granted powers,
who has ? Are not we under oath, under the
same impressive obligations that rest upon the
Supreme Court? If Congress may not be
allowed, under the pressure of war, to say what
means are necessary to carry on war, to carry
into execution existing powers, pray where
shall that power be vested ? I do not believe
in the theory of this decision. I believe that
when this legal-tender clause was adopted we
were in such a condition of affairs as justified
it, and that Congress would have been derelict
in its duty if it had failed to exercise that power
at that time. Such was the concurrent opinion
of almost every business man in private- life,
and without it we should have been driven to
insolvency before victory could lend us more
paper and credit. It was only the vitalising
