1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ULOI3E.
575
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Naturalization—Mr. Fowler,
Senate.
the principle of law and say, "I am innocent,
and you must believe me innocent and not con-
vict me until you prove me guilty;" but the
language of this section is:
If any person, without lawful excuse, (the proof
whereof shall lie on the person accused,) shall know-
ingly have or bo possessed of any false, forged, or
counterfeit certificate of citizenship, knowing tho
sanio to be false, forged, &c.
The principle of the common law on this
subject is well understood; but bythlsrbill the
legal presumption is exactly reserved. The
party is to be presumed guilty, and he is
required to prove his innocence.
The foreigner landing on our shores and
desiring to become a citizen would, if this bill
became a law, be like Christian when he started
upon his progress:
"And as I slept, I dreamed a dream. I dreamed,
and behold I sew a man standing in a certain place
with a bill in his hand. I looked and saw him open
the bill and read therein, and as heread he wept and
trembled; and not being able longer to contain, ho
broke out with alauientable cry, saying, 'What shall
X do V
" I saw also that he looked this way and that way.
as if he would run ; yet he stood still, beeauso, as I
perceived, he could not tell which way to go."
Iu conclusion, the person who asks to be
natuialized exposes himself to a controversy
and lawsuit with all the world. Having fought
and struggled through that, he gets his certifi-
cate, but this, instead of being a muniment
of right and title, and a protection to him, ex-
poses him at any moment to further litigation,
trouble, and expense.
Naturalization.
SPEECH OF HON. JOSEPH S. FOWLER,
OF TENNESSEE,
Is the Senate of the United States,
July 4, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration the bill (II.
ft. No. 2201) to amend the naturalization laws, and
to punish crimes against tile same—
Mr. FOWLER said:
Mr. President : I shall detain the Senate but
a few moments. I have but a very few words
to say in regard to the subject before the Senate.
Mr. President, this question did not come
into the Senate by my wishes. I was satisfied
with the old law for the naturalization of for-
eigners without any emendations or additions
whatever. I believe the people of my State
were entirely satisfied with that law. It has
lasted for a long time and served its purpose
well. I believe they would be_ even better
satisfied if it were more liberal in its provis-
ions. They have sent agents to Europe, and
invited the people there to come to the State.
They expect to welcome them with open arms.
They do not expect to meet them when they
come with evidences of distrust, but to point
them to our fertile fields and genial climate, to
enjoy with us the rights that our free institu-
tions guaranty to men.
But, sir, it has not been the pleasure of the
Senate to rest satisfied with the law as it was
established many years ago, and I suppose it
will be amended. Still the bill, as it is before
us, proposes to naturalize almost all races and
tribes and kindreds and tongues of men. The
Arabian, the Parthian, the Moor, the Armen-
ian, the Jew, the Greek, the Roman, all are
brought in and no questions are to be asked
fuither than have been proposed to the French-
man, the Englishman, or the German, until we
come to the Chinaman and some of the Asiatic
races. Only when we come to the races on the
eastern coast of Asia have we had any difficulty.
There, and there alone, is the line of demarka-
tion drawn.
There are several arguments made in oppo-
sition to the naturalization of the Chinese. The
iirst and most important one is the great num-
bers in which they may bebrought tothiscoun-
try, so as to overwhelm our institutions and
destroy the purity and freedom of the ballot-
box. That argument, to my mind, has been
sufficiently answered, and I shall detain the
Senate but a moment upon it. One Senator,
looking down the long vista of futurity, and
borne on by the force of his inflamed imagin-
ation and thestrength of his prejudices, beholds
the country at some not very distant day with
a hundred million of Chinamen, perfectly over-
whelming and wiping out the Anglo-Saxon
race. He certainly did not contemplate how
long it would take all the forces at our com-
mand to bring that number of human beings to
our shores, if a vessel carrying five hundred
persons should make a round trip every sixty
days between China and the United States it
would take thirty two thousand years to bring
here a hunared million people. Thirty-two
ships, making the same number of trips, carry-
ing the same number of persons at a time,
would require a thousand years to bring them
over.
It is utterly impossible in the nature of things
that Chinamen can be shipped to our shores as
rapidly as has been contemplated. It has been
stated that during the last year, which was the
largest shipment ever made, it only amounted
to twelve thousand, while at the same time from
European emigration we got about three hun-
dred thousand persons. Thus, against twelve
thousand sojourners of Asiatic birth you have
a permanent and constantly increasing addition
of three hundred thousand Europeans of the
highest types of men.
.Now, sir, even these figures show you that
we have enough of this class already unnatural-
ized ; that we have enough, and will have too
many persons in the United States who do not
enjoy the rights of citizens and the most sacred
of all rights, that of the ballot. IIow many
shall we have at the end of every five years ?
Supposing that the immigration shall continue
as it did last year, at the rate of three hundred
thousand per annum, we will then have a mil-
lion and a half of people at the eud of five
years who are deprived of this right. That is
certainly enough. But of Chinamen we shall
not have in all probability in any one year
during the next five or ten years more than
twenty or thirty thousand, and these only tran-
sient laborers—not one iu twenty of them will
ever ask citizenship.
But why not admit the Chinaman? Why
should all the other races be admitted to citi-
zenship andnotChinamen? Those who defend
the amendment defend it upon the ground of
the instinct of the American people; for if they
have any instinct, and all nations have some
ruling instinct out of which grow all their insti-
tutions—if we have any, it is the simple prop-
osition that all men are created equal. We do
not mean that they are equal in intelligence,
equal in physical ability, equal in color, equal
in any of these respects whatever. We reduce
it all to one solitary principle, that they are
equal in spiritual dignity, equal iu real excel-
lence, and to that.and that alone. The meas-
ure of their worth for excellence is the measure
we give to ourselves.
No man is a freeman in the American sense
of the word, no man has a proper conception
of our Constitution, no man understands the
Declaration of Independence, who is not willing
to accord to his fellow-man the same excel-
lence that he claims for himself. As citizens
of the Republic, believing in this excellence
ourselves, we dare not deny it to other persons.
It was in this sense, I suppose, that one Sen-
ator asserted that he could not refuse to extend
the right of naturalization to these persons,
not that we had not the physical ability, not
that we had not the legal power or the legal
right, because any nation, any people may do
anything in this way that they have the power
to maintain, but that we dare not do it in view
of the virtue and the excellence that we claim
for ourselves; that by so doing we should vio-
late that principle the most sacred that belongs
to any human being.
Now, sir, here is a nation of people, the
oldest in the world, the oldest certainly that
history has given us any account of. They
have preserved one fixed form of government
for over four thousand years. They have built
up a philosophy peculiar to themselves, a reli-
gion peculiar to themselves, institutions peculiar
to themselves. They have a history separate
and distinct from all other nations. They are
a most remarkable people. Little as we know
of them, we know enough to show the value of
many of their institutions. It is, indeed, but
little we know of them, for during all this long
period of time they have been fenced about as
with an impenetrable wall, and it is only since
the American nation has made its progress
beyond the Rocky mountains and settled down
upon the shores of the Pacific ocean that the
monotony which has reigned over that empire
for so many centuries has been broken up, and
the Chinaman has marched abroad to seek
fields of enterprise in other lands.
It is true that the dense population there, the
great want, starvation, and poverty very often
press them into new regions, and has brought
them here to fill up our vacant spaces.
Now, sir, the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schubz] in his short speech gave the key that
unlocks the whole mystery of this question.
These are men, and capable of expanding; and
whenever they find the wall which has sur-
rounded their spirit and intelligence broken
down they will find new wants, new feelings,
new passions, new hopes, and new opportuni-
ties of gratifying those hopes, and those hopes
and passions will expand themselves, and they
will require and demand that which is neces-
sary to their gratification. That will make the
Chinaman precisely what the American is.
Sir, do you suppose if one of their women
were taken in childhood, and the bandages
which envelop her feet in China were taken
off, that the feet of the Chinese woman would
not expand to the same dimensions as those
of an American? Most assuredly they would.
Bring the Chinaman here, place him under the
influence of our institutions, where we have an
abundance of everything to gratify every want
that can be engendered,in the human heart,
and his soul will expand with the measure of
his opportunities, and he will demand the arti-
cles which are requisite to their gratification.
These capacities and desires will extend to their
moral and political spheres of being as well as
to their physical.
Here is an end, then, to your cheap labor;
and right here, in this connection, I desire to
answer an argument which was made a few-
moments ago. Here, I say, is an end to your
cheap labor, because the Chinaman, with his
intelligence, with his wants, and with his oppor-
tunities, will demand the same compensation
for his labor that our own people will demand.
But it is said that these persons have been
hired in China and are brought over here to
work for long periods of years at low wages.
Is that true ? Have we any law in this country
which can enforce an obligation of that kind ?
None at all. But we are told that the strength
of the obligation which they took in China is
such that it forces them to labor through this
long period of contract. Is it possible that we
have a people among us so elevated in their
moral sense, so highly cultivated, so faithful
to their trust, that, after being far removed
from the place where this contract was made,
after learning that it was not obligatory upon
them according to law, after knowing that it
cannot be enforced by power, their fidelity to
this promise will make them execute it to the
fullest and utmost extent? This of itself
silences all the arguments that have been
