1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
Shall'we vote differently now upon the same
state of facts,.with no new reasons offered, with
110 new sins alleged? That is the question-pre-
sented here. If the decision of this body had
the binding force of the decision of a court
upon its own action a lawyer could at once
establish against these proceedings an estop-
pel of the highest power, an estoppel conclu-
sive and unanswerable. I fear, however, that
wo .may see party passion, party tyranny, and
the beh'ests,of the .Executive rise higher than
the solemn decisions of Congress.
Upon the point, then, whether by your plan
of reconstruction (Georgia has become a State
I rest perfectly seenre in your own recorded
opinions. To me she was always a State. It
was asserted in March, 1867, by the reconstruc-
tion laws, that she was not; but in those laws
there was a mode of resurrection pointed out
to her. When she complied with that mode
you promised to welcome her again to life and
liberty as a State. This I have proven she has
do.ne.. The conclusion was reached ; this body
said so, and swore in the members, and thus
closed the. ease. -
But it is asserted also by the Senator from
Indiana that the Legislature of Georgia, the
convening of which is one of the prime objects
of this bill, was not a legally organized body.
Even suppose it was not, let us look at the
principles then involved. What has Congress
to do with the question of the organization of
the. State Legislature ? Will some gentleman
tell me in a plain way how the Federal Gov-
ernment, either the President or Congress, can
interfere with the organization of the Legisla-
ture of a State? I have proven that Georgia
is a State by your own admissions and under
your own plan; I have proven that Georgia
is a.State by the record ot this House; I have
proven that Georgia is a State by her compli-
ance with all your demands; and beingaState,
tell me, some sage of the law, some one emi-
nent in the learning of statesmanship, tell me
by what power the Federal Government can
dictate to a State in the organization of her
Legislature?
The Legislature of my own State has had
many troubles and much irregularity upon the
question of its organization at different times ;
are its decisions subject to revision here? I
treat this question with all fairness. It is an
awful one in its consequences, not merely to
Georgia, but to every State beneath the flag.
It is one that opens the door to the absolute
destruction of our form of government. It is
one that authorizes this Government to lay its
Federal hand upon every State of the Union,
to invade the boundaries of every Common-
wealth, and to dictate who shall be members
of a Legislature and who shall not. I challenge
gentlemen 'on-this floor to point me to author-
ity or precedent by which this monstrous thing
can be done.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question. I have listened with a
g*eat deal of interest to his argument. But
suppose we admit all the gentleman's general
premises and all his statements up to this point,
&at Georgia has complied with all that was
required by the reconstruction acts and that
Georgia once a State always a State, I should
like to ask the gentleman with regard to that
clause of the Constitution of the United States
which required the United States to guaranty
ft republican form of government to Georgia,
whether he understands that to be an obliga-
tion to' maintain a republican form of govern-
ment in Georgia, and when the people of G eor-
gia have adopted a form of government, whether
or not he thinks it is the United-States who are
to judge whether it be republican?
1 will state to him freely my difficulties, and
some of them he has touched upon himself.
I am one of those who believe that once a State
always a State, but I believe that it is obliga-
tory upon the United States to. see that Georgia
maintains a republican form of government.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have the point. •
* Mr. DAWES. I believe that it is for the
United States to judge whether she has a
republican form of government, and I would
like to have the gentleman say, if he agrees
with me there, by what particular method' or
in what way Congress can maintain a repub-
lican form of government.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman from
Massachusetts stands in a peculiar position to
propound the question he does. So far as the
duty of this Government is concerned in guar-
antying a republican form of government to
Georgia he is estopped from saying that it has
failed to do so by the report which he intro-
duced in August, 1868, on this floor. He then
said that Georgia had in "all respects" com-
plied with the laws of Congress; and assuming
that the laws of Congressprovided for a repub-
lican form of government in that State, my
answer is conclusive as to the gentleman from
Massachusetts as well as to this House which
adopted his report and "his views.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. VOORHEES. I see the double ques-
tion. The other part of it is whether we are
charged with the duty of maintaining that re-
publican form ofgovernmentwhichhe admitted
was established. He is also estopped on that
point, for he refused by his vote here only in
April last to interfere with Georgia. With the
sins of Georgia allbefore him ; with the negroes
unseated from her Legislature, these dear ob-
jects of party devotion thus spurned, as it is
now assumed; with all this rebellious iniquity
before his eyes, he did not think in the last
spring time that it was necessary for us to do
anything to maintain a republican form of gov-
ernment in that afflicted State. There has been
nothing done since to inspire this sudden de-
votion for the maintenance of a republican form
of government in that region.
Mr. DAWES. I will not take a moment of
the gentleman's time.
Mr. VOORHEES. My time is limited, and
I cannot yield further to the gentleman. I
would not do the gentleman from Massachu-
setts injustice at all; but I know his skill and his
long service upon this floor, and if I allow him to
make speech about with me in my time things
will quitabouteven between us, for the superior
merit of my side of the case would not more
than enable me to keep even with his superior
skill and adroitness.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts stands
upon the record where I have placed him, and
since his vote here in April last there has been
no new departure that I have heard of in the
State of Georgia from a republican form of
government. He had the whole case before
him then. His report of August, 1868, proves
that Georgia established a republican form of
government, and his vote in April, 1869, on
this floor proves that she had maintained that
republican form of government herself up to
that time. I know of nothing subsequent to
his last record to change his front except tlie
President's message which lies here before me.
If there are other reasons they are unknown
to me. I do not impute improper motives to
the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts, but these are bold, hard facts from which
there is no escape. I deeply regret to see the
gentleman manifest a disposition to get away
from the sound position he occupied lastspring.
I regret to find signs of his defection from that
majority which then said they would stand by
the record already made. I had counted upon
him as one of the foremost to vindicate, as he
did then, the safety of the State from Federal
interference.
_ But to recur to the point that I was con-
sidering when the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] arose, the power of this
Government to act upon the Legislature of a
State. What is the meaning of the phrase, i
"a republican form of government?'] It is
not every irregularity, itisnot every violation
of law which makes a government unrepub-
licaH in form. If a State government has
a republican'constitution, if its laws are pur-
suant to the same principles, the irregularity
^whieh pdftains-.to' tie organization or acts of
-its Legislature,is:not such a surrender of its
powers-and'very- existence as to warrant the
invasion of-that State by Federal authority.
Who that, has experience enough to serve
upon this floor does.not know the troubles that
surround at times the Legislatures of all the
States? If illegally unseating members would
destroy States there would be none now in the
Union. No such position ean be held a moment;
it falls under the first blow that assails it. If
the State of Georgia through her Legislature
has committed errors of this kind it is for her
to correct them; and it is a matter of history
that she has taken the only steps she can take
to do so. The question of the eligibility of
negroes to seats in the Legislature of that State
was properly referred to her highest judicial
- tribunal. There it has been decided that negroes
under your dispensation are eligible to all the
offices in the State. What more do you want?
-What, more is desired in their behalf?
Mr. DAWES. _ Will my friend, allow me to
put another question?
Mr. VOORHEES. .Certainly; a question.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know if the
gentleman has any other answer to my inter-
rogatory except that I am estopped from put-
ting it ?
Mr. VOORHEES. That is generally held to
be a good answer. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. That may be good enough
for me.
Mr. VOORHEES. When .the question is
asked by one who is not estopped it will be
time enough for another answer.
Mr. DAWES.- I would like to know whether
the gentleman has any other answer to go to
the country except that I am estopped from
putting it. It is not of much consequence
whether I am consistent or not.
Mr. VOORHEES. I think I have already
answered the question, perhaps imperfectly.
I hold that when a State has made a constitu-
tion republican in form, has organized by the
election of officers, her laws in general harmony
with that constitution, and has perfected her
relations with the Federal Government, t.he
mere irregularity or misconduct of her Legis-
lature, its unconstitutional acts, do not vitiate
her republican form of government and do not
call for Federal interference.
Does the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] pretend otherwise/, that the unconsti-
tutional act of the Legislature of the State of
Georgia in unseating a few negroes, conceding
that it was unconstitutional, warrants the Fed-
eral Government in reaching forth its hand,
crushing that State, hurling the Army into her
borders, suspending civil law, striking down
the right of habeas corpus, erecting a military
despotism there, and governing the people by
the cannon and the bayonet; does an uncon-
stitutional act of a State Legislature warrant
thefederal Government to do these deeds of
violence and revolution ? And yet they are al 1
authorized by the provisions of this bill.
f" wil1 not consume too
much of the gentleman's time I will tell him
Ti Z that' 1 un<Jerstand that
whether the United States Government is au-
m °n1Zfh l, whatlle sa?s depends altogether
altTl l ?,ha™cter of those unconstitutional
oftl tt q's the pr0^ince and the duty
nL w States Government to decide
T <, Jre e 1uestion is one of fact,
i agree with the gentleman from Indiana that
unc<?ust^ut'onal act would justify an
afif .erencei but I hold that there are uncon-
oi.„? ,aots wh'ch a Legislature or a
btate may be guilty that would call upon the
Xederal Government in all its capacities and
all its functions to interfere to maintain within
