3478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
to strikeout "fifteen" and insert "twelve" in
line thirty of the first section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended to read: "A
bill granting public lands in the State of Ala-
bama to the Decatur and Aberdeen Railroad !
Company to aid in the construction of a rail- 1
road to be built from Decatur, Alabama, to •
Aberdeen, Mississippi." j
HENRY C. WEATIIERBY.
Mr. HOWELL. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to enable me to have taken up
at this time a pension bill for the benefit of ;
one of my constituents. It is a simple pen-
sion of eight dollars a month. I ask consent
to take up Senate bill No. 880. :
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 880) ,
granting a pension to Henry C. Weatherby
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction to
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Henry C. Weatherby, father of Henry K.
Weatherby, late a private in company I of the
second Iowa cavalry, upon the pension-roll,
and to pay him a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month from the 22d d&y of Febru-
ary, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RAILROAD TO WINNIPEG.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 ask the Senate now to
again take up for consideration Senate bill
No. 381. It has already been read, and need not
occupy over ten minutes. It is the land grant
for a railroad to the Winnipeg settlement.
By unanimous consent,the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 381) granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from the
western boundary of Minnesota, at the junc-
tion of the Sioux Wood river with the Red
River of'the North, to the Winnipeg district
of British America.
The Committee on Public Lands repprted
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment of the committee was in section one, line
twenty-two, after the word "land," to insert
"designated by odd numbers;" so as to read:
It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to cause to be selected for the purposes afore-
said, from the publio lands of the United States
nearest to the sections above specified, so much land
designated by odd numbers as shall be equal to the
amount of sueh lands as the United Stateshave sold,
reserved, or otherwise appropriated, or to which tho
right of homestead settlement or preemption has
attached as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-one,
in the proviso at the end of section one, to in-
sert "five" after "twenty;" so as to read:
And provided further. That none of the lands here-
by granted shall be selected above twenty-five miles
from said road.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of sec-
tion seven, to insert "in the event that the road
is located on the west side of said river, and
enjoy the benefits of this act;" so as to make
the section read:
Sbc. 7. And be it further enacted. That said first
division of the St. Paul and Pacifio Railroad Com-
pany, its successors and assigns, is hereby authorized
and empowered to extend its railroad through the
Territory of Dakota from the mouth of the Sioux
Wood river to the international boundary on the
forty-ninth parallel of north latitude, in the general
direction of the Winnipeg district of British America,
in the event that tho road is located on the west side
of said river, and enjoy tho benefits of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I find on my table an
amendment proposed to be offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands.
I call his attention to it, and ask him whether
be intends to move it as an amendment to
this bill?
Mr. POMEROY. I had prepared an amend-
ment to this bill which I did propose to offer
to it; but those who represent that section of
the country think it should not be offered. I
have no authority from the committee to offer
it, and I do not propose to submit it on my
own motion. It is printed, however, and if
the Senator from California desires to move it
he is at liberty to do so. I was not authorized
by the committee to move it. It is putting the
price of these lands at the average value of
$2 50 per acre and prescribing the manner
of doing it. That is all there is in it. The
Senator is at liberty to move it if he sees fit.
Mr. CASSERLY. The point of the amend-
ment is that it does not vest the title to these
lands in the company, but leaves them open
to settlement, ana provides for the issuing to
the company, according as its road is com-
pleted section by section, of certificates to the
land in quantities of one hundred and sixty
acres each. Now, if there be any reason why
that amendment ought not to be offered to this
bill I should be glad to hear it.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will listen
to me I think I can give a satisfactory reason.
I have a knowledge of the energetic and
able men—able in every sense—who have
charge of this road, and can assure them that
in their hands this work will be pushed to the
f6rty-ninth parallel of north latitude during the
next season. The State of Minnesota, which
has the profoundest interest in all that con-
cerns the people on her northern frontier, on
both sides of it, has by her Legislature asked
for this concession from Congress.
And so, Mr. President, in view of the im-
mense national importance of an early com-
pletion of this great work, I appeal to my
friend, the Senator from California, not to
press his amendment for a limitation of the
price of these lands to $2 50 per acre. Let
him reserve it for other and less important
enterprises, for in my judgment it would be
wisdom in the Government to expedite this
work, even should it require $5,000,000 from
the national Treasury in addition to the lands
here proposed to be given.
It is very important to have early action on
this bill so that operations can be pushed for-
ward this season. Much further delay will
prevent this.
This company was organized in 1864, and
since then has built more than two hundred
miles of road. Another hundred miles is in
such a state of forwardness that it will be com-
pleted this year. This brings them to the Red
river, which is the extent of their land grant.
With the proposed grant the company will be
able to push down the river and complete the*
road at an early day to the very threshold
of the Winnipeg country, or the newly cre-
ated province of Manitobah in British North
America.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand—if I am
wrong of course I can be corrected—that this
road traverses one of the. finest bodies of land
upon the continent; it runs upon the western
border of the State of Minnesota for many
miles; and it seems to me that this is as
proper a case for the application of this amend-
ment as can be found. The district is not a
district of wild land or worthless land, except
in the point of view so often urged here that
all land is worthless, although it be fit for a
garden, until a railroad is built to it. It seems
to me that this amendment should be affixed
to this bill. I admit the value of the connec-
tion which the road proposes to make; but I
see no reason why these lands should not be
kept open for settlement upon the basis of the
amendment proposed by the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, which I think I
am not wrong in saying I understood it was
his intention to offer.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will take
a vote on the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I submit the amendment
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from California will be read.
The amendment was read. It was to insert
as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the lands granted
by this act, excepting only such us are necessary tor
the company to reserve for depots, stations, side
tracks, wood yards, standing ground, and other need-
ful uses in operating the road, and timber and min-
eral land, shall bo sold to actual settlers only, aud m
quantities not more than one hundred and sixty
acres to any one person at such prices as will secure
to said company, its successors or assigns as afore-
said, an average price of not more than 82 50 per
acre for the land actually certified by the Secretary
of the Interior to said company for each completed
section often miles of said railroad or branch thereof
and to insuro an enforcement of this section it siiali
be the duty of the company receiving the certificates
from tho Secretary of tho Interior as aforesaid, for
the lands granted in aid of tho construction of tho
first section of ten miles of said railroad and branch
without delay to fix a price on each one-hundred-
and-sixty-acre tract described in said certificate.", in
such manner and atsueh rates that the average price
of tho whole amount certified shall not exceed i' 5u
fer acre, and report tho same to the Seoretary of'tho
nterior, exposing a copy of such report to the pub-
lic in the office of the secretary of such company and
in the district land ollice; and any person actually
settling upon said land, or any Government sub-
division thereof not greater than a quarter section
shall have the right to purchase, at the price so fixed'
any unsold and unclaimed pared of said land upon
payment of said price to the officer appointed to
receive the money by said company; and ou pay-
ment therefor it shall be the duty of the officer of
such company to make out triplicate certificates of
the sale under the seal of the company, send one to
the Secretary of tho Interior, and deliver one to tho
purchaser and retain tho other for tho use of the
company; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Interior to issue to such purchaser a patent
for the land described in his certificate, as in cases
of land sold by tho United States. And the sarno
form of proceeding shall be observed with respect to
the lands certified by the Secretary of the Interior
on each succeeding completed section of ten miles
of the main line of said railroad, and the braucli
thereof: Provided, That no certificate of lands to
such company on any completod section after the
first shall be made by the Secretary of the Interior
until he shall have received a report, as aforesaid,
of the price fixed on the land, certified for the next
preceding completed section of said railroad or
branch thereof: And provided further. That if any
of' the lands granted as aforesaid, and lying and
being situated conterminous with any completed sec-
tion of ten miles of said road or branches, shall re-
main unsold and not paid for according to the pro-
visionrf of this act, for one year after the completion
of said section, the certificates heretofore issued may
be returned to the Secretary of the Interior, where-
upon patents to said lands shall be issued to thfe
company. And the Secretary of the Interior shall
prescribe all necessary rules and regulations to carry
into effect this act.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ought to mention for
the information of Senators who may not be
aware ofthefaet, that I understand this amend-
ment is the amendment substantially agreed
upon by the Committee on the Publiq Lands of
the other House as the proper provision to be
appended to all bills granting aid in lands to
railroads to any great extent. The effect of it
is not in any way, as it seems to me, to inter-
fere with the building of the road or with the
disposition of the lands. On the contrary, it
gives to the railroad company the highest in-
terest in the speedy disposition of the lands for
the purpose of actual settlement, and it give3
to those desiring to become actual settlers on
those lands the greatest facilities. It does not
limit the price of the lands to any fixed sum of
$2 50. It permits them to be averaged, «o that
the whole lands granted in aid of the company
within any given section shall average the
price of $2 60 per acre. It, seems to me that
if there is to be any change in what I regard as
the vicious system of vesting these great tracts
of land in railroad companies by patent this is
a change which ought to be made in the inter-
est of the settler, and indeed in the interest
also of the railroad company, because, as I
said, it in a measure compels the railroad com-
pany, by the inducements of its own obvious
interest, to contribute all in its power to the
occupation of the lands by actual settlers as
speedily as possible.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 27; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Carpen ter.
Casserly, Cragin, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, iiat ■
