576
APPENDIX TO THECONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 24,
Ho. 01' liars.
Admission of Georgia—-Mr. Butler.
41st Cong....2d Suss.
made against their infidelity, against their im-
moralities, and against their capacity to dis-
charge the high duties of American citizens.
But again, it is said that they are pagans.
This is the very argument which lighted the
fires of Smitbfield, which has persecuted the
Christians in all ages, which has punished
men under all circumstances for believing in
a doctrine or religious tenet that we do not
hold ourselves. The simple statement that
you put the ban of exclusion on the China-
man, and assert that he is a pagan and not fit
to enjoy our free institutions, although it takes
but a narrow and one-sided view of the sub-
ject, although it takes but a shallow view of
Chinese character and Chinese institutions
and the Chinese religion, is the very essence
of the spirit of persecution, and is to be con-
demned in this day as it should be in every
other.
I shall not detain the Senate by an exam-
ination of what the religious views of the
Chinese are. They are very elevated, how-
ever, and, to use the expression of an indi-
vidual whom 1 saw not long ago from Califor-
nia, their religion is not Cluistiunity, but it
comes nearer Christianity than any other re-
ligion in the world. Their main fundamental
doctrine is not exactly as the Christian's is,
" Thou shall, do to another as you would have
another do unto you,'" but •' You shall not do
to smother what you would not have another
do unto you," and in the amplification of this
proposition Confucius, their groat philoso-
pher, has approached nearer the Christian
precept than any other author. Indeed, the
sublime tone of his morality is unsurpassed,
except, probably by lite 13 rah in ins of India, out-
side nf Christianity. We know but very little
of their religion; Iml. we know almost as much
nl their religion as we do of the religion of
Socrates or I'lato or Demosthenes. Will any
one iismtI. here that Sophocles or I'lato was
not lii to become an American citizen V Among
t.he Chinese aie men as learned, men as pro-
found in philosophy and as rich in thought
aim iM. as 1 Siey wei e.
Hut ;hrv ai i-iinpi'i ialists. So are Russians,
i'\eneh, and Aust rums. Why not reject all
mii,:-i'iali.".ts, it this argument has any virtue?
I: h ini" their form of government differs
vei y inueli from ours, but. nevertheless tliey
Me ihnrnu^My edueaU'd for lite discharge of
t!o> jiohhenl duties devolving upon tbeill.
Kven olii-'er or every eilizen who is prepared
tor olliee bus to pass through three sop.-irate
examinations of learned men, the most learned
that the empire can allbnl, and their examina-
tions moot tin- most ligid character. Very
often i heir physical power of endurance is not,
abb' to withstand the piessiire to which tliey
are exposed, and they succumb to the examin-
ation it.-.cll. Now, sir, i aver here, without
le.u- o( contradiction, that, their olliciais arc
better ipiuhlied for the discharge of their duties
and better educated than any other people on
t be lace of the globe.
Then; is another consideration in regard to
these people; they are all educated. iGvery
person in the empire is instructed to read and
write. They are not, ignorant, barbarians. They
have their educated, learned men; and, as I
said, education is us universal with them as in
any other portion of the world, and more so,
perhaps, except it may be in Prussia. So that
these aiguments against their religion, their
political institutions, and their ignorance can-
not. for one moment be entertained.
It is possible, indeed probable, that those
pet sons who oppose the introduction of these
people have come in contact with the very
lowest cla&s o( them ; but even those show that
they have high susceptibilities. I have the
information from some of the most experienced
men on our western coast that they are excel-
lent laborers. They are among the most faith-
ful, apt, and trustworthy laborers that the coun-
try probably lias at the present moment.
Now, sir, believing as I do that they are the
best calculated of any of the colored races for
the enjoyment of the rights and privileges of
American citizenship, I prefer them to any
other class of people so far as that is con-
cerned ; and I believe the people of the south-
ern States generally do. And right here I desire
to answer an argument that is made, that it is
the aristocrats of the South who held in bond-
age a certain number of our fellow-citizens,
and who have become dissatisfied with their
freedom and their high wages, and demand
now Chinese laborers because they can reduce
them to a state of servitude. No such idea as
that exists at the South at the present time.
Nine tenths of all the southern people, although
they loved the institution of slavery and valued
it very highly, are now satisfied and glad that
it is gone. They would not restore it if they
could.
But tho reason that they want Chinese there
is because they have not labor enough to culti-
vate their soil. The negro population is not
siillieient and is not at the present time suffi-
ciently organized and sufficiently industrious
for that purpose. They must introduce other
laborers. They have a vast country that is not
yet opened up, and they wish of course to
obtain laborers if they can be had. They will
welcome them there. They would greatly pre-
fer the inhabitants of western Hurope, let thera
come from what country in Jjiirope they may.
Hut. they desire tho introduction of Chinamen
not from any disposition to crush out the labor
at the South or to reduce wages. Sir. they are
paying higher wages to-day than any other
people on the face of this globe. The most
.simple labor can command greater v/ages in
the southern States at the present time than in
any other country on the globe.
Sir, the southern people are as industrious
and as enterprising as any other. 1 know that
m the heat of passion and by persons who know
nothing of them they have been denounced as
idle and improvident., imposing the burden of
labor on others. While they imposed t.he bur-
den on the colored men during the time they
were in slavery tliey were activc and industri-
ous themselves. I assert here that the southern
people have made greater efforts and exerted
themselves on a more enlarged scale than any
individual enterpiise has ever been exhibited
in this or any other country. There never has
been individual enterprise exerted in any por-
tion of the globe equal to the system of leveeing
the Mississippi. 1 challenge any person who
is acquainted with the t'aets to successfully
contradict that statement.
Hut, sir, there is fear of this immigration
expressed in certain quarters. It is not from
the South. The distrust does not come from
there. It cornea from a section of the country
whose citizens are at this time engaged in this
very coolie trade ; the same that, was at another
period of our history engaged in the traffic on
the African coast, and who, becoming dissat-
isfied with t.he institution which their enter-
prise had built up, have broken it, down, and
very properly and to the benefit of humanity
and of the South also, fear the presence of the
frugal and industrious Chinaman in their own
section. It is that, very spirit of jealousy which
has done as much to guide and direct their
philanthropic efforts as anything else, It was
well said by Macaulay in regard to the I'uri-
tans of England that they were opposed to
bear-baiting not so much from love of the bear
as from opposition to the pleasure it gave to
those who 'witnessed it; and I fear too much
of that spirit was carried to America.
So remarkably has this spirit possessed a
certain section of our people and a certain
set of men that instead of going ahead in de-
fense of human rights, establishing, extending
the great principles of our free institutions,
they have taken the back track, and are now
making speeches such aa I listened to with
pain and regret ten or fifteen years ago. This
day brings back the memories of the past. This
day brings back the discussion of years gone
by. We have the same appeals to passions,
the same reference to a degraded race, the
same effort to excite the odium and hatred of
one race against another. Sir, I do not think
it is worthy of the day or worthy of the Amer-
ican Senate. It is unworthy of the age, and of
the place in which it has been manifested. I
can imagine very readily that certain individ-
uals maybe thus influenced; but those who
have applied the principle to another class of
men equally as objectionable and far more so
than the Chinaman I do not see how they can
go back on the record they have made.
I therefore shall vote against striking the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts from this bill. It shall have my vote and
support, believing that it will be an entire set-
tlement of the whole question, and I prefer to
have it settled now.
Admission of Georgia.
SPEECH OP HON. B. F. BUTLEE,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
I.V TIIIO IIoUSU Of ItECRESEXTATlVES,
June 21, 1870.
Tho House having under consideration tho bill
(11, 11. No. looo) to admit the State of (Jeorsia to
representation in the Congress of tho United States,
returned from the Senate with sundry amendments-
Mr. liUTLEK, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. St'EAKEii: I have carefully forborne to
interrupt any gentleman while he has been
arguing this question, because having restricted
myself ton, very few minutes to close the debate
I desired the same exemption from interruption.
In the first place, let me state to the House
the exact difference between the several prop-
ositions pending before us. The Senate amend-
ment provides that Georgia shall be remanded
to military rule, and that under military author-
ity an election shall be held next fall protected
by bayonets. It is a matter of history that the
Georgia bill was debated in the Senate for six
weeks, during which this amendment sent to
us was never broached until it was suddenly
sprung upon the Senate and with scarcely a
word of discussion adopted by that body. I
need spend no more time upon it, as there is
here ''none so poor as to do it reverence."
The Committee ori Reconstruction of this House
at one time came to the conclusion bj'a major-
ity vote of one to report to the House precisely
the samcfonn of bill by which Virginia, Texas,
and Mississippi bad been admitted as a sub-
stitute for the Senate amendment,, imposing
precisely the same conditions, so that we might
not. make "flesh of one and fish of another;"
that, these several States might stand alike;
that each State might stand alike; but since
that vote was taken the fifteenth amendment
has become the law of the land, the highest
law, and there has been a bill to enforce that
amendment, so that quite all the conditions con-
tained in the acts admitting Virginia, Texas,
and Mississippi are now the supreme law of the
land, with perhaps a single exception, which,
if the fifteenth amendment is carried out in its
spirit, and true effect, will have 110 bearing on
this case.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when this bill was up in
the House before, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixgijam] proposed an amendment, manly
in its terms, distinct in its utterances, carrying
out what lie desired, in the maimer he expresses
himself in everything hedoes; but that amend-
ment did not pass the Senate in connection
with the bill to which it was attached. That
