4422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Mr. CASSBRLY. Will the chairman be
good enough to state which have been raised
and to what extent?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will give the Senator
the figures in one moment. The salary at
Shanghai has been increased $2,500. Several
have been stricken off the list. Yeddo has been
stricken off. Chin-Kiang has been stricken
off. The whole amount of increase, after de-
ducting those stricken off, is $8,500 in the
whole Chinese empire.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand my friend,
the chairman, to speak of Yeddo as one of
those strieken off.
Mr. CHANDLER. That has been stricken
off.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is not a Chinese
port, it is in Japan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg the Senator's
pardon. That is true.
Mr. COLlfi. But Swatow has been stricken
out,and Chin-Kiang, two very large consulates,
in which the salary heretofore was $3,500.
Mr. CASSERLY. Large in point of salary
I do not doubt, but I imagine they were rather
diminutive in any other respect. I know of
no reason why the salary of the consul at
Shanghai should be raised from $3,500 to
$6,000, nearly double. I should like to hear
from the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce the grounds for that increase. I am not
certain whether I understood from him that
there was a general increase in the salaries of
the Chinese consulates or not.
Mr. CHANDLER. There has been a small
increase in nearly all of them ; but the whole
increase in all the consulates in China amounts
to only $8,500.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before offering some
amendments, I will ask the chairman of the
committee to state what is the total expendi-
ture called for in this bill? I footed it up
hastily a moment ago, and it seemed to me to
be about four hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. CORBBTT. It is reduced from what it
was before.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood that it is
reduced. I suppose I may accept the silence
of the chairman as an assent to the general
correctness of that total. I think so large an
amount as that, if it can be reduced, ought to
be, iii the present condition of the taxes and
of the country. I move, therefore, to reduce
the consul at Shanghai from $6,000 to $4,500.
That is an advance of over one thousand dollars
over last year.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will make
it $5,000 I will accept it in order to avoid
debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather that the
Senator would accept, my proposition, $4,500.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I think that is too
small, and therefore I would just make it
$5,000, and settle it. I desire to get along with
this business, as I have a dozen other bills that
I wish to have action upon.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather take the
sense of the Senate on $4,500, and if I fail in
that then we can take the proposition of the
chairman.
Mr. COLE, Oh, no.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to reduce the salary of the
consul at Shanghai from $6,000 to $4,500.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I now move to reduce it
to $5,000.
ill, COLE. I hope that will not be done.
The VICB PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the ayes
appeared to have it.
Mr. COLE. I ask for a division.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there is to be any
contest over it I call for the yeas and nays.
That is the shortest way of disposing of the
question and saving time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again put the question on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have another
trial on that in the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope Senators will keep
in mind that these figures are equivalent to
fourteen or fifteen per cent, more in paper—
$5,000 in gold is $5,750 in paper—because I
think I shall bo speaking within limits when I
say that the practice of the Government has
been to make these amounts good to our offi-
cers in foreign ports free of exchange. I now
move to reduce the salary of the first five
consulates named, Canton, Foochow, Amoy,
Hankow, and Tien Tsin, to $2,500 each.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to con-
sume time on this subject. I ask the chairman
whether he will not consent to some reduction?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir ; they cannot
live upon any less than the ainountnamed here.
It will destroy the consulates to reduce it.
Mr. CASSBRLY. 1 will withdraw the
motion just made, and move to reduce each
of those salaries to $3,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California modifies his amendment so as to
reduce the salaries of the consulates he has
named from $3,500 to $3,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I do not under-
stand is that $3,000 is a sum upon which con-
suls at Canton, Foochow, Amoy, Hankow, and
Tien Tsien cannot live, and yet here is a consul
at Ningpo, poor fellow, who is put on starv-
ation wages. His salary is only $3,000. That
i think serves to illustrate how inapt the reason
given by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce is. I move to reduce the salary of
the consul at Ningpo to $2,500.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think there are some sal-
aries of consuls in that part of Europe with
which I am more particularly acquainted illy
adjusted in this bill. For instance, there is
the consulate at Copenhagen with a salary of
$2,000. Now, the consulate at Copenhagen is
really of very little importance, if any.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we,ha,d better
lay this bill aside, as it is evidentthatit cannot
be passed, and proceed with some other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves to pass over the bill.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the chairman desires to
do that, I have no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is evident the bill
cannot be passed. The Senator was not in Ms
seat; but we have gone over the whole matter.
Let me ask, has the Senator many amend-
ments to move ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I wish to make an amend-
ment right here. It will not take me five min-
utes to say all I have got to say. I do not wish
to make a speech on this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I will not
make the motion now.
Mr. SCHURZ. I was just remarking that
the consulate at Copenhagen is really a very
small affair, if of any importance at all. The
consulate was formerly at Elsinore, and was
then transferred to Copenhagen. I do not
remember whether the consul at Elsinore got
any salary, or whether he had to live on his fees ;
but it was a very small consulate, and really
the business has not been increased at all by
transferring the consulate to Copenhagen. I
move that that salary be reduced to $1,500.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri will not prevail.
The salary of the consul at Elsinore is at pi-es-
ent $1,500. Under this bill that consulate is
abolished, and the salary of the consulate at
Copenhagen is made $2,000. This change is
made, upon the express recommendation of the
State Department, who are presumed to know
more about the subject than any of the mem-
bers of the Senate. At any rate, as one of the
committee,! have deferred to their wishes and
views in the matter. The fees of the consulate"
at Copenhagen have been more than five, hun-
dred dollars- per year, and consequently this
change is really a saving.
My friend says that there is little or no busi- -
ness done at Copenhagen. In that I beg to
differ with him, as I have had opportunities of:
knowing something about it. There is a line-
of steamers between Copenhagen and the1'
United States.
Mr. SCHURZ. Projected.
Mr. SPENCER. No, sir: in operation;
and the emigration from there is very large,
and the tonnage from Copenhagen is also large.
Large quantities of Swedish railroad iron are
being shipped from there. It is the principal
point from which that iron is shipped. The
business is constantly increasing. The Scan-
dinavian immigration to this country is also
very large and increasing. I know of no con-
sulate in the whole European list where the
probabilities are that our trade will increase so
largely as at this.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will simply say that
the Secretary of State recommends the amount
in the bill, and I hope it will be adhered to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHURZ. I find in the consulates to
the North German Union that while the con-
sulate at Dresden is to receive a salary accord-
ing to this bill of $2,500, the consul at Ham-
burg is to receive a salary of only $2,000.
Mr. SUMNER. That last ought to be cor-
rected. He ought to have more than that.
Mr. SCHURZ. Hamburg is the principal
port of Germany, and there certainly isagreat
deal more business at Hamburg than there is—
I will not say at all the rest of these places
together, but at least as much as at four or five
of the places named here. I move that the
salary of the consul at Hamburg be raised to
$3,000 in the first place, and I shall then offer
an amendment in regard to the consul at
Dresden.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri moves to increase the salary of the
consul at Hamburg to $3,000, and he also sug-
gests a reduction of the salary of the consul
at Dresden from $2,500 to $2,000.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will say that the port of
Hamburg is for Germany what .the port of
Liverpool is for England. It is about the same
proportion, although the business is not as
large.
Mr. CHANDLER. The State Department
and the Committee on Commerce went over
these figures very carefully, and compared the
business of the different consulates with each
other; but there were certain points in Ger-
many where a large number of Americans con-
gregate. For instance, at Dresden there is an
American colony of perhaps a thousand peo-
ple, who give raoie trouble to the consul than
a large trade would.
Then, again, there are certain points in Ger-
many from which there is a very large emigra-
tion, where there are letters constantly being
received by the consul, and questions asked
which he is compelled to devote most of his
time to answering. I think myself that the
salary of the consulate at Hamburg—I believe
it is $2,000 
Mr. SCHbltZ. It is $2,000 in the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would not object to
making it $2,500. I think the Senator may
be right about that. Perhaps that salary ought
to be raised. The receipts are much lessthaa
at Manchester or at Leeds; but I would not
object to making it $2,500, if that would satisfy
the Senator.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will accept that amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then there is
the reduction at Dresden.
Mr. CHANDLER, I think Dresden ought
to reuiam as it is. That is my opinion. I
