278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
the particular State a republican form of gov-
ernment. Whether such a condition of things
exists to-day in Georgia is a question of fact
now before ns. It is a question upon which
the gentleman and I may differ, but it is a
question of fact and not of law. _ Does such a
condition of things exist to-day in Georgia as
requires the Government of the United States
to exert its power under this proyision of the
Constitution to see that a republican form of
government is maintained in Georgia?
Mr. VOORHBES. I am compelled to de-
cline to yield further.
Mr. D"AWBS. I am obliged to the gentle-
man for yielding so far as he has done.
Mr. YOORHEES. Sir, who is to judge
whether the acts of a State Legislature are
unconstitutional or not? The gentleman from
Massachusetts stands now squarely upon the
ground that Georgia is a State. He stands
there, whatever may be the ground on which
other people stand. From that position he
makes his argument that because of her uncon-
stitutional legislation the Federal Government
must interpose. Who is to judge of the char-
acter of the laws of a State ? Is it any part of
our duty to do so? Does the Constitution era-
powerustotake under consideration the legis.-
lation of the various States of this country ?
Who ever heard before of a doctrine so mon-
strous? Who ever heard it asserted before that
Congress is an appellate court into which the
acts of a State Legislature can bo pursued and
here tried and determined?
The true theory of our system of government
is that judicial tribunals are established to try
such questions. The courts of the States try
them, and provision is made by which, when
necessary, they are brought to the Supreme
Court of the United States, the tribunal of last
resort, beyond which there is no appeal cxeept
to the doctrine of revolution. Our system in
this respect is beautiful in its harmony.
But when you assert the power of Congress
to take up the legislation of the several States
and pass upon its constitutionality the bound-
aries of our duties here widen as the illimit-
able ocean and become as confused as the storm
that beats the ocean into fury. We have no
guide, no chart, no compass. There is 110
such authority. I utterly deny the doctrine
of the gentleman'from Massachusetts. It is a
heresy of the grossest kind. Congress has no
judicial capacity to revise the legislation of
the States, to det.ermino whether such legisla-
tion is in accordance with their own State con-
stitutions. If this doctrine was over before
promulgated on this floor it lias never been
my fortune to hear it. In these times of start-
ling novelties this is one of the most startling.
It emanates from the acufc, sagacious, and
comprehensive brain of the gentleman from
Massachusetts only because by his own sol-
emnly recorded action upon this subject here-
tofore he can now find no other ground on
which to stand and support this bill—-a bill
substantially the same in its scope and pur-
poses as the one which met his decided oppo-
sition in the last session, and to whoso defeat
he contributed so largely.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must pass to some other
points of consideration. Was this Legislature
of Georgia legally organized ? A distinguished
person has said in the recent debates in the
Senate that it was not. Some comfort doubt-
less accrues to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts from that assertion ; for an illegally
organized body could not under certain cir-
cumstances pass legal and constitutional laws.
But this charge against the organization of that
body is equally as unfounded and unsupported
by the facts as the assertion that Georgia had
not complied with the laws of Congress.
I again appeal to an authority which no one
will gainsay. I appeal to one whose business
it was to know whereof he spoke and whose
words have weight throughout the land. In a
dispatch dated '• Headquarters Third Military
District, Atlanta, Georgia, July 21, 1868," to
"General U. S. Grant., Washington, D. C.,"
General Meade writes as follows :
"Both houses of the Legislature of G-eorgia haying
examined into and decided upon the qualifications
of their respective members under the fourteenth
article constitutional amendment, I yesterday in-
structed the provisional governor to communicate to
each house that I considered their organization legal
and withdrew any opposition to their proceeding to
the business which called them together."
Here again is a square contradiction between
two very prominent men. The general, how-
ever, from whom I quote has the advantage of
the ground. He was there with every page of
the law constantly open before him. The
country will be likely to receive his statement
as true, and leave my colleague in the Senate
to that charity which thinketh no evil because
of such grave and terrible mistakes.
But after the very able Senator had asserted
that "the Legislature of Georgia was not legally
organized," he follows it up by another state-
ment, as if in the nature of anargument, show-
ing in what its illegality consisted. He says:
"Thero were a body of men in that Legislature
numbering from twenty-five to thirty, holding their
seats in violation of the third clause of the fourteenth
amendment."
Sir, I am amazed at the wild ift accuracy
here displayed. The exact truth was easily
attainable. I have it here. I hold in my hand
the long, elaborate, and comprehensive dis-
patch dated at Atlanta, Georgia, July 18,1868,
from General Meade to General Grant, cover-
ing and explaining the whole matter in regard
to alleged illegal members in the Georgia Le-
gislature. I submit it entire as a most able and
valuable paper:
hu 1dquarters third military district,
Atlanta, Georgia, July 18,1808.
General U. S. Grant, Washington, D. G.:
On the 8th instant, having been officially notified
by tho provisional governor of Georgia that both
houses of tho Legislature had reported to him they
wero organized and ready for any communication
from him, I instructed tho governor to communicate
to both houses that until compliance was had with
tholawsof Congress Iconsideredthem asprovisional
and subject to my control, and that I could not con-
sider either house legally organized until it had
examined into and decided on tho eligibility of its
members under tho fourteenth article, On reccipt
of this communication cach house appointed a com-
mittee to investigate and report. In tho .senate a
majority of tho committee reported all eligible. One
member of tho minority reported two ineligible.
Another member of tho minority reported nine
ineligible. Tho sonato, after hearing the report of
thocommittoc and excluding tho senators reported
against from voting, indorsed and adopted the report
of the majority declaring none ineligible. This
action is to-day transmitted to me by tho provisional
governor, who adopts tho extreme report of tho
minority, gives his judgment that the action of the
niajorii y of tho committee and of the senate is ille-
gal, and thattho ninemcmbers are ineligible; states,
however, that he has official information that cer-
tain of these members have had their disability
removed by Congress, and calls on me to overrule
the decision of tho senate and declare vacant the
scats of those members reported against by one
member of tho minority whose disabilities have not
been removed.
I am not disposed to alter the position I have
assumed that it is tho prerogative of each house to
judge of the facts and the law in the cases of mem-
bers of their houses. I consider I have performed
my duty whon I called their attention to the law
and required action to be taken under it. I do not
feci myself competent to overrule the deliberate
action of a legislative body who report they have
conformed to the rule I laid down for their guidance.
If 1 was tho sole and exclusive judge of tnequalifi-
eations of members I should have exercised my
perogativc before allowing the house to organize. I
construed the dispatch ot Mr. Wilson to Governor
Warmoth, prohibiting anv oath but such as the
constitution prescribed, as prohibiting any test in
advancc of thohousc having control and as leaving
to cach house the right to decide. My judgment,
therefore, is to acquiesce in the decision of the sen-
ate, and leave to Congress such action as may here-
after be deemed proper in ease the senate has failed
to comply with the law. To adopt the course pro-
posed by the provisional governor, and overrule the
action of the senate, will bring me in immediate
conflict with the Legislature and produce results
which, in my judgment, will be worse than allowing
a lew doubtful members to retain seats under the
vote of their own body. It is proper that I should
add that there appears at present no doubt but that
the congressional acts will be complied with, even
if members whose seats are questioned are left un-
disturbed. So far as I can ascortain the trouble is a
personal one, arising out of the contest for United
States Senatorship. I should also add that tho sen-
ate, whose action is reported, has a decided Repub-
lican majority, and could have purged itself of &uch
members as are clearly ineligible. What I desire to
know is whether in your judgment my duty re-
quires mo to overrule tho deliberate act of the sen-
ate, and judge for myself on tho qualifications of
members. I have no doubt of my power in tho
premises, but do not feel that I am called on to do
moro than I have done. _
GEOKGE a. MEADE,
Major (Jcncrul.
A truo copy: , , „ .
It. C. Drum, Assistant Adjutant Creneral.
It will be seen by this dispatch of the officer
then in command that there were two commit-
tees, one from each house, raised to investi-
gate and to report upon the qualifications of
members. One person on one of^ the com-
mittees reported two members ineligible and
another reported nine. Thus there never were
but eleven members of the Georgia Legislature
whose right to hold seats under the fourteenth
amendment was ever even questioned, and that
by a minority of but one member in each of the
committees. The majority of the committees
found none disqualified, and so reported. In
the Senate General Meade informs us there was
a Republican majority; yet the report of its com-
mittee that none were ineligible was adopted,
as was also the similar report in the house.
These are the circumstances which have engen-
dered in distempered imaginations the vision
of " twenty-five or thirty men holding their
seats in violation of the third clause of the
fourteenth amendment."
But this dispatch has a still higher value than
even its complete and thorough refutation of
the eminent gentleman who stands as tho
author of this bill before the country. In it
General Meade lays down the wholesome and
true doctrine broadly and with emphasis,
"that it is the prerogative of each house to
judge of the facts and the law in the cases of
members of their houses." He enforces this
view at length, and construes the laws of Con-
gress under which he and Georgia were both
acting to require 110 more. When the two
houses performed this duty Federal interfer-
ence was concluded. It is upon this precise
question, however, that the Executive now
recommends the destruction of the State. The
reason he assigns for this movement to eject
Georgia was the exercise of this " prerogative
of each house to judge of the facts and the law
in the cases of their members." After stating
in his recent message that "all the acts then
required of them by the reconstruction acts of
Congress " had been performed, the President
proceeds to state the only complaint which he
makes. He says:
"Subsequently, however, in violation of the con-
stitution which they had just ratified, as since decided
by the supreme court of the State, they unseated tho
colored members of tlio Legislature and admitted to
seats some members who are disqualified by tho third
clause of tho fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution, an article which they themselves had con-
tributed to ratify."
Upon this statement of grievance as a cause,
which he admits has been remedied by judicial
action, follows the conclusion of the President
as now embodied in the measure under discus-
sion. He therefore now takes direct issue with
General Meade as to the right of the Legis-
lature to determine the qualifications of its own
members. He holds that a State may be in full
and harmonious relations with the Constitution
of the United States and all the laws of Congress,
and yet if her Legislature exercises this right
which every State in the Union has exercised
unquestioned from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment up to the present hour, and her action
may be contrary to his partisan wishes, he
rushes here and asks Congress to empower
him to send the Army against her and humble
her, as it is boldly avowed, into obedience—
obedience not to law, for that he admits she has
given, but obedience to a spirit that knows no
law higher or purer than its own selfish pur-
poses. That is his position now; and it takes
but a moment to show that it is assumed with-
out any consistency with his own record and
with a total and shameless disregard of -his
former committals.
