5366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
men as criminals who ought not to have their
disabilities removed, if they are under disabil-
ities?
I am free to say that my own judgment is
that they are not under disability, and that the
only true interpretation to give to this section
of the Constitution is -that it relates to execu-
tive or judicial officers of States, and that the
term means State officers and does not mean
the officers of counties, cities, or little munici-
palities ; but if the broader and more disqual-
ifying interpretation is to be given to it—and
perhaps in some of these disability bills we go
upon that footing out of abundant caution—do
not let the Senate say that men who have hon-
estly acted on the milder interpretation are
therefore to be continued under disability.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I take pleasure in say-
ing that t agree most fully with what the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio has said; but the
names objected to in this bill were not those
who held county offices or town offices. They
were judges of county courts ; and I am in-
formed among that number is the Lieutenant
Governor of the State of Kentucky. Some of
them are judges.
Mr. MORTON. I do not know that I under-
stood the Senator from Ohio correctly, but I
understood him to say that holding office in
violation of the fourteenth amendment was not
a crime or a moral offense. I suppose he re-
ferred to holding office under the fourteenth
amendment before the passage of the late act.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly I did; but I
say it docs not necessarily follow that because
a man should have violated that he violated it
out of any principle of moral turpitude. If a
man violated it because his interpretation of
that happens to be the one the Senator does
not think is the right one it does not follow
that he is a corrupt man.
Mr. MORTON. There may be some doubt
in regard to the interpretation of the fourteenth
amendment in reference to some particular
offices ; but there is no doubt in regard to the
general interpretation of it, and if a man held
an office in violation of that amendment before
the late act of Congress was passed he was
guilty of a moral offense at least, if not of a
crime punishable by law. When he took the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States that oath comprehended all the amend-
ments to it j it was an oath to support the four-
teenth amendment among the rest. He vio-
lated the amendment itself in taking the office,
in taking the oath of office. The very act is
a violation of the Constitution, because he is
ineligible under the article that he swears to
support. A man swears to support the four-
teenth article along with all the rest of the
instrument; and he cannot take the office with-
out violating the article. Therefore he violates
his oath at the very moment he takes it; he
not only violates the Constitution in holding
the office, but violates the oath that he takes,
because he swears to support the article of the
Constitution which he at the same instant vio-
lates by taking the office in defiance of it.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg leave to call the
attention of ray friend from Indiana to the fact
tbat ho does not know that any one of these
men has taken the oath.
Mr. MORTON. I was not speaking of any
one of these men, but of the general proposi-
tion.
Mr. TIIURMAN. "The general proposi-
tion!" How is that? There is no provision in
the Constitution of the United States, accord-
ing to my present recollection, which requires
every State officer, much less every little muni-
cipal officer of a State, to take an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. There is.
Mr. THURMAN. I may have overlooked it.
Mr. DRAKE. Every officer in every State
lias to lake an oath to support the Constitution
of Hie United States.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator turn me
to it ?
Mr. DRAKE. I will.
Mr. THURMAN. It may be thatit escaped
my memory.
Mr. MORTON. That is the law of all the
States; or ought to be.
Mr. THURMAN. No ; but it is in the con-
stitutions of some of the States. Article six of
the original Constitution of the United States
is what I suppose my friend from Missouri
refers to :
"Tho Senators and Representatives before men-
tioned, and tho members of the several State Legis-
latures, and all executive and judicial officers, both
of tho United States and of tho several States, shall
bo bound by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution ; but no religious test shall ever be required
as a qualification to any offico or public trust under
the united States."
Mr. DRAKE. That is it.
Mr. THURMAN. I supposed so. But I
think I can show my friend very conclusively
that that does not reach all the officers in a
State and has never been so interpreted as to
reach them all. There are plenty of them
where the oath prescribed by the statutes of
tho States does not include an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States. But,
again, a man has taken the oath to support the
Constitution, and he is disqualified by the four-
teenth amendment. There is nothing corrupt
in it unless he knew he was disqualified.
Mr. MORTON. 1 ask my friend if that
clause does not comprehend all executive and
judicial officers of tho States?
Mr. THURMAN. The language is, "all
executive and judicial officers both of the United
States and of the several States."
Mr. MORTON. What officers are there that
are not embraced under the one head or the
other, "executive" or "judicial" officers,
aside from the Legislature ?
Mr. THURMAN. It depends on what is the
meaning of tho language whether it refers to
every little offico or only refers to what are well
known as State offices.
Mr. DRAKE. One word more, and one
word only. It is the misfortune of the Senator
from South Carolina, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Political Disabilities, not to have
raised his voice sufficiently to be heard by the
whole Senate when he stated that of these Ken-
tuckians, whose names were in the first bill
reported by his committee, and were taken out
of the second bill there were those holding
offices in that State who boasted that they
would never humble themselves to solicit the
removal of their political disabilities ; and yet
as soon as legal proceedings under the enforce-
ment act were brought to bear upon them to
put them out of the offices that they held in
defiance of the Constitution they come here to
get their political disabilities removed, and are
in this bill now introduced by the Senator from
Kentucky. If the Senate wish to remove tho
political disabilities of such men they will show
it by their votes.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand it, here are
certain persons that in Kentucky have been in
contumacy, violating the Constitution of the
country in one of its most recent provisions, an
amendment. They have been in contumacy,
holding office when they should nothold it, and
they continued to hold office, and now they
appeal to Congress to have their disabilities
removed.
Mr. DRAKE. And continue them in office.
Mr. SUMNER. And continue them in
office. It seems to me that is not a case for in-
terference at present. I wish to know if those
persons are really in harmony with the pres-
ent institutions of the country. I wish to know
how they conduct toward their Republican fel-
low-citizens about them. By the letters which
I have received I am assured that many of
these persons have behaved in a way oppress-
ive and hostile to their Republican fellow-citi-
zens. They are not, therefore, in any condition
to ask this grace from Congress. Especially
are they not when you consider their long con-
tinuance in contumacy. The practical ques-
tion is, whether Congress shall cure that con-
tumacy. Now, sir, there is no case for it.
Mr. YATES. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Kentucky for information in regard
to this matter, for I feel very much disposed
to vote for the bill. So far as I am concerned,
I am in favor of extending the privileges ol
this bill to every person who comes voluntarily
with a heart to support the Constitution of the
United States with a true and loyal allegiance,
forgetting the past, reformed for the future.
I feel like extending to every such man in the
South the benefits of a bill like this.
The friends of the bill are anxious to have
a vote upon it, and I simply wish to ask one
question. I desire to know from the Senator
from Kentucky himself whether the persons
included in this bill are willing now to take the
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, including in the Constitution its amend-
ments? If he Knows of his personal knowl-
edge, or from any other source, that fact, I
should like to be advised of it.
Mr. McCREERY. I have indorsed the
applicants in these petitions as far as I could,
and if the Senator had been here from the first
of the discussion I think he would have asked
me no question on the subject. I do not be-
lieve a more law-abiding set of men can be
fountain this Union than the gentlemen whose
petitions I have presented, and I know a great
many of them myself personally. They are
known to the delegation, known to my col-
league, known to myself. We have indorsed
them as far as they can be indorsed. I am
sure they intend to pursue the line of honest
citizens, working to support their families.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator Irora Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drake,] upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 3-1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Corbett, Brake, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howard, Howell, Sum-
ner, and Thayer—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard, Cameron, Car-
ponter, Casserly, Cole, Conklmg, Davis, Kowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, XIotv'o, Johnston,
McCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Vormost, Nye, Os-
born, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Stowart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Warner, Witlcy, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—34.
ABSENT —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cattell, Cragin, lldmunds,
Fenton, Ferry, Elanagan, Hamlin, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrillof Maine,Morton,Norton, Patterson, Pomo-
roy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, ltico, Robertson,
Seott, Spencer, and Viekors—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROBERTSON. ^ I am very glad to see
the Senate so generous ; and I offer an amend-
ment, which I hope will be adopted. 1 am not
jesting about this; I am in earnest. I offer
the following amendment:
And be it further cnacted, That ail person?, except
as hereinafter exoepted. subject to any disability im-
posed by tho fourteenth amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States, arcjiereby relieved from
such disability: Provided, neverthcU'i, That tho fol-
lowing classes of persons are excepted from tho pro-
visions of this act, that is to say—
First. All persons who, being membersof the Con-
gress of the United States, withdrew from tiieirseats
and aided tho rebellion.
(SVcond. All persons who. beina officers of the Army
or A .'ivy of tho United Slates, left said Army or N&vv
anu aided tho rebellion.
Third. All persons who were members of State
conventions which adopted pretended ordinances of
secession,
Mr. FO WLBR. I move to amend that amend-
roent by adding "and all other persons."
xhe amendment, to the amendment was
rejected,
Mr. MORTON. So far as I am concerned,
I am opposed to this amendment, and I hope
it will not be urged upon the Senate at this
time; and sl^puld it pass this body, which I
doubt, it would certainly have the effect of
destroying the bill in the other House. I have
no doubt on that point, from the vote taken on
similar propositions. We have not tune to
moot this question of general amnesty or par-
tial amnesty at this session. 1 shall be glad
