1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
In the close of the dispatch of July 18 it will
be observed that General Meade asks for the
judgment, of General Grant on his construction
of the laws of Congress in regard to the powers
and prerogative of each house of the Legis-
lature in seating or unseating its own members.
This long and very important telegram reached
General Grant while in the West, far from
buzzing, ear-wig advisers of mischief; and in
reply he sent the following to the brave and
lamented Rawlins, by whom it was forwarded
to the commander of the South:
Denver, Colorado, July 21,1868.
To John A. Rawlins :
Major General Meade's dispatch just received.
His conclusions are approved.
U. S. GRANT, General.
I here also submit the approval which the
course of General Meade then received from
other high officials and party leaders. I hold
in my hand a telegram to Governor Warmoth,
of Louisiana, dated June 30,1868, which reads
as follows:
. We think that persons disqualified under the four-
teenth article of the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States are not eligible to your Legis-
lature. This is to be determined by the respective
houses, but no oath can be imposed except the oath
prescribed by the State constitution.
JAkES. P. WILSON,
Chairman Judiciary Committee.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
J. P. FARNSWORTH,
II. E. PAINE,
Reconstruction Committee.
Sir, we have seen very clearly what the con-
clusions were which are here approved. They
were made by General Meade upon the exact
pointunder consideration. They were fully and
elaborately stated, and the questions involved
remain unchanged from that hour to this. Will
some friend and admirer of this Administration
tell me and tell the country why the legal
opinion of the President in regard to the func-
tions, powers, and duties of State Legislatures
in December, 1869, is so diametrically opposed
to his opinion on the same subject, governed
by precisely the same facts, in July, 1868? I
would gladly learn how the great and lofty
statesmanship wherewith we are now blest can
make these long and crooked leaps and yet
retain the respect of its followers. At Denver,
before he attained his present summit of power,
he approved the sound maxims of the Constitu-
tion, as enunciated by General Meade, and fur-
nished a complete and crushing answer to the
proposition now made in his message as well
as to every argument produced in favor of this
atrocious bill in either branch of Congress.
Where is the influence that has thus uprooted
the faith of-the Executive in his own deliber-
ately expressed sentiments upon a vast national
question? What arguments have wrought this
absolute and radical change? Where are his
considerations? He does not deign to disclose
them. ■ No explanation breaks his famous
silence, and I here leave him impaled and
exposed to the view of the country on the point
of his approval of that interpretation of the
reconstruction laws which denied to the Fed-
eral Government any authority or right to
examine or determine the eligibility of mem-
bers of a State Legislature under any circum-
stances whatever.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is one new feature
in the proposed measure which has fastened
itself upon it like a guilty parasite of power
since this movement was launched. One more
condition has been attached to the existence
of a State. Party necessity, which drives with
a hard whip and goads forward its devotees
with a sharp aud cruel spur, here prescribes
that Georgia shall ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
It is not enough that she by her own laws has
been compelled to permit the negro to vote and
to hold office, butshemustsubmitto become the
tool of unscrupulous politicians who are seek-
ing to force negro suffrage upon States and
constituencies that are opposed to it.
Before Georgia can be taken by the hand as
within the Union under this bill she must
first consent to assist in breaking down the
popular will of many other States. A fierce
dread is upon the minds of political leaders in
regard to the fate of this favorite amendment.
We saw distinguished gentlemen at the last
session, whose States overwhelmingly repudiate
it, coercing Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas
into its adoption. But the coercion stops not
with them. I here proclaim on this floor and
in the hearing of all my colleagues who sup-
port this measure and this Administration that
there is a popular majority in Indiana against
negro suffrage of one hundred thousand votes.
Poor manacled and chained Georgia is driven
like a slave to assist in subverting this vast
majority of the free people of Indiana. Other
States, the oldest of the Union, have been
forced on the peril of their lives to put their
shoulders to the infamous task. One more is
needed to overturn the constitution and the
laws of the State which I in part represent,
and this odious bill drags forward another
reluctant agent of tyranny, wrong, and revolu-
tion.
A few days since a communication from the
Secretary of State was read at our desk an-
nouncing the States which have ratified the
fifteenth amendment. I heard with amazement
the name of Indiana in the list. Could I have
obtained the floorlwould then have denounced
the statement as untrue and the imputation
unjust and slanderous to the people of that
State. There is no party there in favor of it
beyond the desperate leaders who receive their
commands from this Capitol. We have our
own local constitution on the subject of suf-
frage, and with it we are content. It was ratified
by nearly the whole people, irrespective of
party, within the last twenty years. No one has
asked for a change.
In the canvass before the people in 1868 it
was incessantly proclaimed by all my colleagues
on the opposite side of the House, and by both
Senators from Indiana, that negro suffrage was
not to be forced upon northern States; that
the will of the people of such States was to be
respected, and that the tyranny of Federal
coercion was only to be exercised on the down-
trodden plains of the South. How soon the
usurpation has spread ! How rapidly the con-
tempt for popular government has enlarged
its boundaries! Indiana is to bow her bright
head to the dust. It is not her own act that
humiliates her. She has not ratified this
degradation. At the proper time I will dem-
onstrate that the action of a mob could as
well place a provision in the Constitution of
the United States as the action of a few law-
less members of the Legislature who were
afraid to meet their constituents on this issue.
I will hold up to scorn the wretched despera-
tion of party "despotism in Indiana. But well
knowing, as all men do, that Indiana will never
of her own free will accept the political part-
nership of the negro, one of her Senators has
been conspicuous by his efforts to rivet the chain
upon her by enforced action of other States.
He marshals Virginia, Mississippi, Texas, and
now Georgia, into line as slaves, and with a
lash in his hand over them he commands them
to apply the lash to the naked back of his own
State. Section eight of this bill is the scourge
prepared by him for his own constituency. He
holds Georgia by the throat and promises her
deliverance only upon the condition that she will
commit a political felony upon the citizens of
Indiana. TheSenatorhimself,withhisacknowl-
edged high ability, cannot persuade or compel
jj the people of his State to accept negro suf-
j; frage. He therefore finds four helpless, gasping,
'! dying Commonwealths in the desolated regions
II of the rebellion and goads them by the sharp
I and merciless necessities of mortal extremity
■ to assume the revolting task of forcing odious
, laws on an unwilling people. It would hardly
I be less consistent with a generous nature to
j tempt a starving man with a morsel of bread
| to commit a larceny than is such a course of
* legislation as we find here with the great and
lofty attributes of a true statesmanship. It is
the very depravity of party ; it is the legerde-
main of low politics by which to cheat the people
out of theirdearest birth-right.
Sir, I have ever aimed to stand by the peo-
ple in every encroachment upon their rights;
I do so now. This bill is avaststrideof power.
It crushes States wherever it goes; it binds
Georgia again in fetters, but reaches beyond
her borders ; it comes with its malignant spirit
of force and overturns the institutions of that
noble people whom I represent. In their name
I denounce its approach; in their name I record
my vote against it. It is their right to make and
maintain a constitution for themselves. This
right is stricken down by this bill. Georgia is
forced to become the executioner of the liberties
of my constituents. They are not in favor of the
fifteenth amendment; I speak now for men of'
both parties ; yet the eighth section of this bill •
makes Georgia enforce it upon them, and this
section was drawn by the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Mortojt.] It is not the right of a negro to
vote that is here involved ; it is the right of white
men that is here taken away. The section is here
for the purpose of depriving the voters of Indi-
ana of their free expression upon a great ques-
tion of fundamental, constitutional law. It
makes up the issue. With full faith in the
capacity of the people of Indiana to judge cor-
rectly and to decide intelligently between the
friends and enemies of popular liberty within
her borders I remit this issue to them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that an agreement has been made between
members on both sides of the House parceling
out the floor for the time remaining for the
discussion of this bill. He will carry out that
agreement only if it is agreeable to the House.
The gentleman from Wisconsin is under that
agreement entitled to twenty minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I was not
at all aware till this moment that I was to be
limited in this discussion to twenty minutes.
I supposed I was to have an hour at my dis-
posal. I am greatly embarrassed, but I must
be content under the circumstances, especially
as my friends on this side are to have some of
the time I expected to occupy.
Mr. Speaker, it is one of the most painful
considerations to gentlemen on this side con-
nected with the discussion of all these so-called
reconstruction measures that whatever argu-
ments may be adduced, whatever facts may be
presented, however conclusive the reasons
urged against them they are sure to pass. They
have in general been determined upon in party
caucus by the party in power and all consid-
eration with reference to the merits foreclosed.
I have no idea that any thing I can say at this
time will have any effect upon the action of the
House. The party demands the passage of the
bill, and it must pass. It is a party measure,
and party interests must be subserved though
the Republic be destroyed.
Sir, the House of Representatives has pretty
much ceased to be a deliberative body, where
measures for the public welfare are originated,
considered, and passed upon. All the work
here is determined by the party in power, and
•ii use*s made the mere recorder of its
will. It appears to be so with this bill. Ii
only awaits the hour fixed to be enacted into
a law.
As for myself, I have discussed at length
several times before this House all the questions
of reconstruction, all the questions involved in
'^exception of the one of turn-
Jh i 7 Georgia out of the Union after
she has been once admitted under your recon-
nJ^e re-reconalruction
imn i t ^ ' S'r' is ky far m08t
mportant question yet presented in all these
extraordinary proceedings. It involves not
only the question of the power or right of Con-
gress to consider Georgia as having committed
acts excluding her from or placing her out of
the Union, but the further question of whether
