1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Georgia—Mr. Butler.
Ho. or Reps.
amendmentraisedagreatdifficultyin the minds
ot' Republican gentlemen as to their duty in
relation to this bill; bat the first great fact
which they should have decidedly their votes was
the rule of construction. Noscitur asociis—
"we are known by the company we keep."
That amendment was found entirely in its
social and political relations with the gentle-
men of the opposite side of the House, and
therefore we ought to have looked upon it with
suspicion. We found, to our utter astonish-
ment, strict constructionists of the Constitu-
tion, the men who believe in the rights of the
States, we found them voting for an act of Con-
gress to compel the sovereign State of Geor-
gia to hold an election at the time Congress
thought best. This is an entirely new Demo-
cratic doctrine. Let me restate it. The Dem-
ocrats voted that the sovereign State of Georgia,
which the gentleman from New York states
was never out of the Union and never could
get out, and which we all agree here this act will
bring into the Union coequal to and equal with
all the rights and powers of the other States,
should have ingrafted on its constitution an
order by Congress to hold an election at a day
ceitain. For one I cannot agree to such a vote
in principle; but if I could agree to it in prin-
ciple I cannot agree to it as a party man.
I listened, not with admiration, but with
profound respect to the argument of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who rep-
resents the old Gidditigs district, and I think,
if the old man's bones are quiet in his grave
under that argument, it will be proof that he
has gone to rest eternal and Lethean indeed.
[Laughter.] What was the argument? Itwas
that the considerations in support of the bill,
winch appealed to the Republican party, were
all right; that it would be a benefit to the party
not to pass this Bingham amendment; it would
tend to sustain our principles not to pass it;
it would be a rebuke to our Republican friends
in Georgia to pass this amendment. Stating
all that to be so, he adds, " Do you expect
me to act from party in this House? I can-
not Oe swayed by partisan considerations." Let
me tell the gentleman from Ohio that if he
had not acted with party he would never have
gotten into this House. To act with their party
is a difficulty with some Republicans. Show
me the thing which is not wrong in principle
and not wrong in fact, and I will vote with my
party, because I believe there is bound up
and wound up in the success of the Republican
party the success of free Government and of
true principles of Government in this country.
I believe our party is the only safeguard of
the Constitution, and of the rights, especially
of the newly-enfranchised citizens. Believing
the success of our party is necessary for the
preservation of the best liberties in the coun-
try, I always vote from that consideration, and
he who does not, it seems to me, does not be-
lieve in his heart of hearts in the success of
the principles of the Republican party as a
living necessity.
i have heard this talk before of not voting
with your party because it is to aid the suc-
cess of your party. Gentlemen get reputation
for great fairness by saying they do not vote
for their party. Sir, I have observed my old
Democratic friends never doubt on this subject
of voting with party. In the Committee on
Reconstruction—I have a right to say, because
it. has been referred to openly in this House—
we stand eight to seven. We arc fifteen, and
there are four Democrats out of that number.
They are as true, sir, to their party as the
needle to the pole. They are always there.
They always come to the reconstruction meet-
ing,"wherever else they may be absent. They
are always there, I say to their credit. They
know .when a party vote is to be cast, and they
always cast it. If it were not for the discipline
of the Democratic party i do not believe there
4 1st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 37,
would be Democrats in this House enough to
laugh at. But the bold fortitude with which
they stand up for their principles, because they
are their party principles, I think in that regard
is worthy of imitation. It is quite true that
the majority Of the Republican party have been
beaten upon this question of Georgia by the aid
of our Democratic friends. Therefore, I say
right here that I vote for this measure as sub-
mitted because it is a measure of the party
which I stand by. It is an assertion of the
principles of the creed of the party. It is going
on in the line of its success. It is a part and
parcel of the reconstruction acts set on foot by
and to be completed and finished by the Repub-
lican party.
I vote for this measure, unhampered by the
amendment of Mr. Bingham, because I desire
to end reconstruction. I desire to go back to
the people and to say to them, "We have re-
constructed all these rebellious States; we may
not have done it upon a line, we may not have
done it by a plummet, because the conditions
were which the war left to them wholly ab-
normal ; but we have been strong enough to
carry this great work to a conclusion, we have
beehHtrong enough in our own way for our
own purposes and under our own principles to
reconstruct a country so great that were the
Roman empire in its palmiest days put in the
center of it a fast train .of twenty-five miles
an hour would have to go two days to find it;
and having finished that great work, here it
is." And we are going to say to the South,
"If, now, having done everything that is re-
quired to be done, having given you back your
power, if you use it rightfully, if there is a
free, fair, just election in Georgia and the
southern States as a rule, where every man can
express his political and other opinions as
God and his conscience may teach him, then
we will let by-gones be by-gones, rebellion shall
be forgotten, insurrection be blotted out, treason
be only remembered hereafter for a warning,
and not for punishment."
I want to see the Republican party in that
condition as regards reconstruction. But if
you take the amendment of Mr. Bixgham, then
what do you have? You send Georgia back to
a new election this fall; her militia unorgan-
ized till within a few days of such election,
just then organized, with 110 time to get arms,
equipments, or officers, and with no power to
preserve the laws; and you throw the fire-
brand of such an election into the center of
the southern States, and disturb the elections
in Mississippi, Louisiana, Florida, and Ala-
bama, and you thus endanger the success of
the Republican party.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gentle-
man say the same thing of the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farksworth?]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am com-
ing to that in a moment. I am speaking of the
Bingham amendment, requiring an election,
ordering an election next fall ; and that is a
manly, fair, and just presentation of the ques-
tion on the part of its authors.
Now, we come to the amendment reported
by the minority of the Committee on Recon-
struction, or the majority of the committee,
according as they happen to be. I call the
attention of the House to that amendment, and
I say that if it does not mean what it appears
to be on its face it is a cheat and a delusion.
I do not think that any one of its friends will
deny that this is what it means—that it means
to order an election in Georgia exactly as the
Bingham amendment does ; but it covers that
meaning over with a veil of words. I shall
read it:
But nothing in this act contained shall be con-
strued to deprive the people of Georgia, ot the risubt
to an election for members of the General Assembly
of said State.
I can vote for that so far as it means pothing,
and so can everybody else. There is nothing
in this act, and ought not to be, to prohibit such
an election. But the sentence >
In the year 1870, as provided for in the constitution
of said State.
This is a legislative declaration, that the
constitution prescribes an election in 1870'.
And if the constitution of the people of Geor-
gia prescribes an election in 1870, and the act of
Congress so determines, then they cannot help
having one, and they must then have an elec-
tion. Let any gentleman tell me or tell the
House that this is not what is meant by this
amendment, if it is not the determination of
the friends of the amendment to have an elec-
tion there in 1870 in order to prevent, they
say, the Legislature holding over and Governor
Bullock continuing in power.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr'. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Would the gen-
tleman vote for this amendment, provided the
words in the tenth and eleventh lines, "as pro-
vided for in the constitution of said State,"
were stricken out?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I could
vote for the amendment if the words " in the
year 1870" are stricken out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Ha! ha!
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes; that
is where the "ha! ha!" comes in precisely. It is
proposed that we shall, by an act of Congress,
order an election to be held in Georgia in
1870. Now, gentlemen, let us walk up to this
question like men. I do not want an election
in 1870, forthe reasons I have stated. If gentle-
men want an election in 1870 let them vote for
the amendment, and not vote in such a way that
they can say they did or did not vote for such
an election before whatever audience they may
happen to be. Let us have it understood, so
that our law gives forth no uncertain sound.
The amendment was advocated in the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction on the ground that
it meant the same thing as the Bingham amend-
ment, and it is the same thing as the Bingham
amendment. I say again it is a fraud and a
delusion if gentlemen are led to vote for it
because it does not mean what I say it does.
Now, then, what are the grounds on which
the amendment is urged ? The first ground is
a personal one, personal to Governor Bullock.
The major part of the arguments we have
heard were against Governor Bullock or about
Governor Bullock. The gentleman' from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] the Bayard of the Opposi-
tion, tells us, and therefore it comes with a
good deal of force, that he wants an election
in 1870 because he wants to have Governor
Bullock shorn of his power. But he forgot to
tell you that Governor Bullock was elected for
four years, and that, whether there be an elec-
tion in 1870 or not, Governor Bullock will hold
his office for two years longer. Thatbeingpo,
and Governor Bullock holding his office for
two years longer, this is a blow leveled at the
Legislature only. It is leveled at our friends
in the Legislature, the negroes in the Legisla-
ture who have been turned out by their rebel
associates and deprived of their rights. You
cannot turn out Governor Bullock by your
amendment; he holds on two years longer; nor
can you turn out the executive officers of the
State; you can only turn out that Legislature
which the rebels have turned out once already,
and which we have had to turn back again.
That is what it is intended to do. This is a
blow aimed at our friends in the Legislature :
it is a blow in their very face between the eyes.
I do not blame my friends on the other side
for delivering that blow ; but I do ask, in the
name of Heaven, the men who support the
administration of General Grant, the men who
support the Republican party, the men who
propose to go into the next campaign and ask
