2536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9-,
ernment to take them at any time; that it was
as fair and as proper an exercise of the power
to provide a Navy as it would be to build ships-
at the navy-yards which should belong to the
Government from the time that they were built.
It was that argument which more than any
other carried those subsidies.
Then, as to the amount of the subsidy, ray
friend from California [Mr. Casserly} is quite
correct in saying that that was generally regu-
lated by the value of the mail service. The
, vessels being thus built by private individuals,
thus bnilt to constitute a Navy for the United
States, because the Government could at any
time take them into its service as a part of its
Navy, if their owners employed them in carry-
ing the mails between this and foreign coun-
tries, or between different ports of this country,
it was considered but fair that Congress should
make some compensation for the carrying of
the mails, and therefore the amount of the
subsidy was always regulated in respect to the
importance of the mail service performed by
the steamers.
Mr. President, that being the case, and no-
body pretending, at that day at least, that we
had a right to give the money of this nation
for the purpose of promoting commerce as a
gift out and out any more than we had a right
to give the money of the nation to the farmers
oftlio country in order to enable them to raise
better crops, or to benefit any other industry
of the country; there being no pretense for
iliat, and the authority being derived from the
power ''to provide and maintain a Navy,"
and the compensation being regulated by the
mail service to be performed, I can see no
piopriety whatever in referring thin bill to the
Committee on Commerce. I take it that the
Committee on Commerce has nothing' to do
with it unless this Senate is prepared to declare
tiiat, wo can take the public money and give it
to any enterprise that will promote commerce.
It we can do that, it is not necessary to require
that the steamships or any other ships shall
carry the mail; we may grant the money sim-
ply for the promotion of commerce, wholly
m-espectho of any service that the ships shall
perform for the United States or the people of
the United States.
1 do not wish to enlarge by interpretation or
construction the provision in regard to regulat-
ing commerce. J t has already been enlarged
in theory and by construction to a most danger-
ous extent in my judgment. It threatens to
absorb everything. It threatens to take all the
railroads of the country into the hands of the
General Government, to takoallthe telegraphs
of the country into the hands of the General
Government, and now to take ail the shipping-
of the country into the hands of the General
Government. I do not want to enlarge it any
more by construction. I prefer that these bills
shall take the course they have formerly taken
If yon can find the power for them find it iii
the authority fo provide and maintain a Navy :
and when you come to the question of subsidy
let that be determined by the mail service the
lines are to render; and therefore let the bills
be considered and determined upon in the Com -
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. I shall
ask that the question be divided.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I concur in much
that was said by my colleague, and indeed I do
not know that there were any of his proposi*
tions upon which I could well take issue. It
is proper for me to say here that the suggestion
to transfer this biil from the Committee on
1 ost Offices and Post Roads to the Committee
on Commerce did not meet the concurrence of
my judgment; but a majority of the, committee
were of opinion that inasmuch as commerce
was to be benefited by the passage of the bill
the Committee on Commerce was the commit-
tee which ought to have charge of the measure.
It is true that the revenues derived through
the postal service to the Government by the
establishment of the line will amount to but a
trifle. The great advantage will be commerce].
but this advantage comes from the facility of
postal communication. The speed by which
communication with a country is carried on
through the mails, or by expresses if you please,
facilitates commerce with thatcountry. It may
be that a whole cargo will follow a single letter,
will result from the passage of a single letter'
between two countries, which but for such letter
would never go ; and the result to the Govern-
ment comes indirectly, therefore, through the
mail communication, though the revenue to the
Government directly from that source is but
trifling. This, I believe, is the argument which
has controlled heretofore in the establishment
of lines of this sort. They do not in any in-
stance, so far as I am aware, pay directly to
the Post Office Department for the outlay of
the Government in the form of subsidy; indeed,
but a small proportion probably of the expense
in any instance has been returned in any such
way. It comes back through the channels of
commerce which are at first opened by extend-
ing mail facilities and sending mails. First
information is sent and received and then busi-
ness follows.
A word now as to the question raised by the
Senator from Ohio as to the constitutional
right of the Government to encourage mail
communication of this sort. The Senator will
not dispute the proposition that the Govern-
ment may establish mail service between two
points in our own country, and pay a contract,
price for it, a certain round sum for such ser-
vice. He will not dispute the further prop-
osition that such service or line may be estab-
lished coastwise or partly upon the high seas;
and I presume it can hardly be disputed that
the Government has the right to establish
postal communication between our own coun-
try and any foreign country. Such has been
the practice of the Government, and I think it
is rather late in our history to raise a question
as to the power of the Government, under the
Constitution, to establish or to encourage ser-
vice of this kind.
I shall vote not to refer this bill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, though I was directed
by the Post Office Committee to make that
report. Jf the question is divided I shall vote
against that proposition, and vote for the first
proposition, to discharge the Post Office Com-
mittee, the effect of which would be to place
the bill on the Calendar.
Mr. WILLIAMS. For what purpose?
Mr. COLE. For action when the Senate is
ready to act. If' afterward for any reason
there is a proposition made to rcrefer it to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
I shall perhaps vote for that, if a leason can
bo given for it.
Mr. THURAlAN. Will my friend and col-
league on the committee tell mo whether the
committee have amended the bill in any way?
Do they propose any amendment?
Mr. COLE. There is no amendment to the
bill proposed as it is reported hero.
Mr. THURMAN. The Post Ofliee Com-
mittee propose no amendment?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit that the merits
of the bill on a question as to which commit-
tee it shall be referred to are not now to bo
debated. The question now is on referring
the bill to a particular committee.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT, lite Chair will
stale that this debate has progressed by unani-
mous consent, but by the parliamentary law' a
motion to refer, whenever entertained by a
parliamentary body, opens up the whole sub-
ject. If any Senator objects to the consider-
ation o( the report it must lie over for one
day, like any other report.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from California if this report includes
the two bdls that have been referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
ono pill providing for the extension of the mail
service from the Sandwich Islands to Australia
UApresslv, and the other providing for the
establishment of a new line of steamers from
San Francisco to Australia. I should like to
Irnow if this report embraces both those bills,
or whether one is still left in the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. COLE. The bill that was last printed
and referred to the committee, and that has
received the most consideration in the Com-
mittee, is the bill of which I stated the number,
though I believe a majority of the committee
were of opinion that the whole subject of mail
communication between the United States
and Australia should go to the Committee-on:
Commerce, for the reasons specified hereto-
fore.
• Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish simply to make this
remark: that a bill which proposes to- extend
the mail service now existing between San
Francisco and the Sandwich Islands from the
Sandwich Islands to Australia is manifestly a
bill that ought to be considered, if by any com-
mittee, by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and that is the whole purport of
one of the bills now before the committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is not this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That bill is before that
committee, and this I think ought to be.
Mr. CONKLINCr. I submit to the Senate
that any argument which proves that this bill
should go to the Committee on Commerce will
prove also that other bills, large in number,
should go to the same committee ; and I am
willing to make that remark without reference
to the distinction suggested by some Senators
between a bill which attempts to proceed upon
j the idea of postage mainly and a bill which
only avails itself of the idea of postage to pro-
ceed for ostensible commercial purposes. All
of these bills, be the special plea in favor of
either ono as it may, are incidents in a general
policy; they belong to a common question;
they appeal to the same considerations as be-
tween the Treasury and the claimants or per-
sons moving in them.
There has come from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads one other bill at least,
quite as foreign as this, if this be foreign, to the
particular jurisdiction of that committee, and
there are now before the Committee on Post
Offices and Post lloads several bills, I think I
may with prudence say, as foreign quite as this
can truly be asserted to be. There are pend-
ing in the two Houses of Congress many bills,
conflicting schemes, multifarious schemes, and,
as 1 am willing to say, unmeritorious schemes.
I do not speak of all, but I speak of some.
l rose to submit to the Senate this proposi-
tion, -without taking sides upon this bill or even
upon the j> articular question of reference which
it presents: a" of these bills should be
examined by soiO° one committee, whichever
may be the approp)".'a'° committee for the pur-
pose. Two committcO3 should not be acting
in the dark as to each otuev touching a matter
which, however divided or C-ubdivided, which
however technically distinct in parts, is an
entirety, and not only so, but a question of
very grave consideration, of great importance,
particularly at this time, when we are au con-
strained to profess frugality and strict cs.'j1-
struction as a part of the creed of both polit-
ical parties.
I have thought—and [ venture to make this
suggestion also—-that if it be inconvenient to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
burdened with other labors as that committee
may be, and if it be inconvenient, as I know
it is, to the Committee on Commerce, burdened
as that committee is with more concerns than it
c.'-in properly attend to, to consider this subject,
a special committee might with great propriety
be ra.;sed, to which all of these bills and the
general question with them might be referred.
Let thei.^ hear the parties, some of them con-
stituents > mine, gentlemen of high respect-
ability, of unquestionable responsibility, who
disapprove feTreatly of many of those schemes,
and who are i ea^y themselves, if ihe Govern-
ment is preovri. ^ to embrace a policy of subsi-
