1870.
THE CONGBESSION'AL GLOBE.
3481
.i ii not be denied or abridrod by the United States
JJrby any State on account of raco, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude.  
"The Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation."
Under this assumed change of the Consti-
tution, or rather enlargement or extension of
it the right is claimed to pass the bill before
the Senate, which is literally a bill of pains
and penalties. I deny the power of Congress
to pass any such bill. Before this amendment
was proclaimed the white race had a right to
vote under certain regulations of State laws.
The right to regulate suffrage was admitted to
be exclusively in the States. The General Gov-
ernment had no control over it. The first arti-
cle of the Constitution in its second section
reads:
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the mostnnmerous branch of the State Legislature."
This is an explicit recognition of the right
of the States to regulate the qualification of
electors where even members of Congress are
to be elected, while the exercise of that power
in all other elections was absolute and com-
plete.
The only effect of the fifteenth amendment,
acknowledged and avowed, was to enable the
negro to vote; and to accomplish this spe-
cific purpose the language used is, that the
right to vote shall not be denied or abridged
on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude. What State has denied or
abridged this right since the promulgation of
this amendment ? The contingency or occa-
sion for the passage of this act has not arisen.
It is only when the exercise of the right to
vote is practically denied that Congress can
properly exert the power to legislate on the
subject. Bat the extension of suffrage to the
African race was not intended to enlarge the
power of Congress over the white race. The
States had the exclusiye power over the ques-
tion of suffrage before this amendment was
proposed. It was not intended by it to affect
that right, but only to prevent the passage of
a law to prohibit the negro from voting. This
bill assumes to intrench upon the powerB and
rights of the States in reference to persons who
were entitled to vote when and before the Con-
stitution was formed. If Congress can pass
such an act as this, it can take,the whole sub-
ject of suffrage and elections utjder its control,
and pass an election law regulating the appoint-
ment of judges of election, and thfeir returns.
What is meaht by appropriate legislation ?
It means only such legislation as applies to the
persons alluded to in the so-called amendment
when any State shall deny them the right to
vote. That is not appropriate legislation
which proposes to impose fines and imprison-
ment upon persons who had a right to vote
prior to the pretended adoption of that amend-
ment. The term "appropriate legislation"
confers no new power on Congress. It would
have the same power without as with it, for
the eighth section of the first article of the
Constitution declares that Congress ma;—
"Make all laws which shall benecessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers,
and all other powers vested by this Constitution in
the Government of the United States, or in any
department or officer thereof."
The words are mere surplusage. What has
Congress to do with suffrage in the States it)
reference to the election of representatives in
the State Legislature, sheriffs, justices of the
peace, town commissioners, &c. ? All the
interest which Congress can properly hay9 is
m relation to members of Congress and the
President and Vice President, who are part of
the General Government. The others relate
to the domestic and police affairs of the States,
with which Congress should never intermeddle.
The fifteenth amendment should be confined
to the former, which is cognate to the Federal
Government, but has no proper relation to or
oonnaturality with the election of State or.
county officers. To give to Congressthe power
to interfere with ana punish electors by fine
and imprisonment who assemble to elect a
constable or town or school commissioners is
to change radically and essentially the govern-
ment of the States and of the Union ; is to
revolutionize them, and to make a consolidated
Government, whose tendency will be to absorb
and destroy all the distinctive and character-
istic features and rights of the State govern-
ments.
Congress has no power to legislate and pun-
ish State officers, judges of election, and regis-
ters of voters who are appointed by and are
responsible alone to State laws. Individuals
who may deem themselves aggrieved can appeal
to the courts for relief.
But if, contrary to all the analogies and
distinctions which existed in the respective
forms of government, Congress shall arrogate
the power to regulate State elections and
electors, 1 contend that this so-called fifteenth
amendment is not constitutionally and legally a
part of the Constitution of the United States—
JTir.it. Because no amendment of the C01V
stitution can be legitimately proposed and
adopted unless all the States shall at the time
have the right to be represented in both Houses
of Congress.
Secondly. That no amendment can be rati-
fied unless all the States ratifying shall have
a right to adopt or reject, without being sub-
ject to any conditions, but must be free and
untrammeled.
Thirdly. That no amendment can be valid
unless all the States that vote upon it at the
time of voting are equal in right, dignity, a.nd
honor.
Fourthly. That the fifteenth amendment re-
ceived only twenty-seven votes of States exclu-
sive of New York and Indiana, twenty-eight
being necessary to the ratification; NewYork
having revoked her ratification, and. Indiana
having ratified without a constitutional quorum
of her Legislature being present, and in open
violation of her constitutional provision..
Three other States, Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas, voted to ratify under coercion,
their admission to representation being made
to depend upon their affirmative vote; these
three being deducted, leave only twenty-four
States voting for the ratification, four less than
three fourths of the thirty-seven States. I say
nothing now against that great moral wrong
and injustice which induced State Legislatures
to vote for the amendment when they had been
elected without reference to the question, Mid
some of them after the adoption of the Repub-
lican Chicago platform, which conoeded to each
State the right to regulate suffrage, but after
the election the proposal of the fifteenth amend'
ment was submitted to and urged upon them.
The forcing of the thirteenth, fourteenth, nad
fifteenth amendments upon the people of the
United States under a war excitement) and,
when nearly one third of the States were not
represented in Congress, has satisfied me thafr
party is sometimes stronger than the Consti-
tution, that State constitutions are shattered
by the force and power of party, and that its
spirit will change and destroy the framework
and ganius of the Government unless timely:
and effectually cheeked. In reference-to my
first proposition, I refer to the fifth article of
the Constitution, whioh reads:
"The Congress, whenever• tw - thirds of bfrtV
Houses shall deem it n«c«ssary,stall propose amend-*
ntcnts to this Constitution, or, on the application of.
the Legislatures of two thirds or the several States,
shall oftll a convention for proposing amendments,-
which, in either ease,  haU be valid ta all indents
and purposes as part of .this Constitution, when rat-.,
ified by the Legislatures or three fourths of tho sev-
eral States, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, ■'
as the one or the other mode of ratification may be
proposed by Congress;"
It will be observed that itte ratification of
an amendment is to be made by the Legisla-
tures of "three fourths of the several States,"
or by "conventions in three fourths thereof."
The Several States include all the States5 and
in the said article it is declared "that no State,
without its consent, shall be deprived of its
equal suffrage in the Senate." It is obvious
that an amendment can only be proposed to
all the States when they are in a condition to
vote upon it; when the votes of all can be had,
and when freedom, intercourse, and inter-
change of opinions exist. In a time of war or
of civil strife such as we have passed through,
when communications were cut off, blockades
proclaimed, and armies engaged in conflict,
no change of the Constitution can be legiti-
mately or properly made. Unless the country is
in a condition of tranquillity and security, when
men may travel where they please and express
opinions, engage in discussions upon constitu-
tional subjects, and vote with freedom and
independence, no alteration of the Constitu-
tion can be legally effected. But no amend-
ment can be made even in a time of peace
unless each State has an equal right with the
other States, without qualification or condition,
of being represented in Congress, and of
voting upon such amendment.
Congress, in June, 1861, by resolution, de-
clared that the war was conducted only '' to pre-
serve the Union with all the dignity, equality,
and rights of the several States unimpaired."
The very nature of our Government is such
that the right of representation, freedom of
opinion, and exemption from all moral or
political constraint is essential to a participa-
tion in changing the organic law. To prevent
States from being represented, to impose con-
ditions, and to ask a response upon a proposed
constitutional provision is a mockery in legis-
lation, utterly nugatory, and inconsistent with
the nature and principles of our Government.
The idea that States under military rule, with
military governors appointed by the General
Government, denied representation in Con-
gress, and with only what is called provisional
governments, held at the mercy of the Federal
Government, can legally ratify amendments to
the "Constitution and make organic laws for
the nation, is so monstrous that human rea-
son shrinks from its contemplation utterly
appalled. ■ '
The State of New York, after ratifying the
amendment by * Legislature elected prior to
its submission by-Cdngress, and virtually in
fraud of their Constituents, by a Legislature
afterward elected," and when that-amendment
was before and discussed by the people, re •
voted her-ratification and rejected it- This
last act Wft'fe in accordance with the spirit of
the Constitution and the design of its framers;
the former was in violation of both. New Yrirk
is counted as one of the ratifying States by the
Secretary of State, and it is alleged that her
last act is void and her first effective. The
language of the Constitution is that amend-
ments shall be1 valid as part of it—•
■" When ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths
of th# several States, or by conventions in three
fourths thereof."
The design of the framers of the Constitu-
tion, and the spirit and intention of that in-
strument is that amendments proposed shall be
submitted to the people of a State for their
deliberate judgment and action; that as the
Constitution proceeded from the people of the
States, in their sovereign capacity as States,
underwent full discussion before them, was
the subject of essays in the newspapers, and
was adopted by conventions elected by the
'people of the several States, and after full dis-
cussions iu the conventions^ thus Undergoing
a double ordeal of debate and deliberation by
the people and their representatives; and as
amendments are to become as binding as the
original Constitution^ it; follows as a corollary-
that the amendments taust, in the spirit of the
instrument, undergo discussion and examina-
tion before thepeeple before they elect the
members of the Legislatures who. as tln*ir
representatives: are to express their wishes
and carry out weir will.
Ordinarily Legislatures are chosen with a
