1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5369
Is this the gentleman who was in the Senate
from Tennessee?
Mr. FOWLER. The same.
Mr. WILSON. Was he not here when the
war broke out?
Mr. FOWLER. He was.
Mr. WILSON. Did he not leave the Senate
and go into the rebellion ?
Mr. FOWLER. I will state the fact. Mr.
m Nicholson was in the Senate, and remained to
the 4th of March, 1861; then, of course, he
went home at that time, the session having
closed.
Mr. WILSON. Did his term expire?
Mr. FOWLER. No, the term did not ex-
pire; but the rebellion set in immediately after-
ward, and he remained at home quietly, taking
no part in the war whatever, and he has taken
no part since that time. lie was in one of the
most rebellious districts in the country. 1 know
that Mr. Nicholson sympathized with the re-
bellion, but at the same time he did no act
whatever ; his judgment was all against it, but
he was surrounded by his family and family
influences, that kept him in that position. He
was a good citizen, and was known to be a good
citizen during the war, never taking any part
to aid the rebellion, remaining quiet all the
time. Mr. Arnell, who represents his dis-
trict in the other House, some days ago brought
to me his petition, with a bill prepared and with
his earnest recommendation that it be passed;
and I bad it referred to the committee, who have
refused to report it or have not had time, for
some reason.
I wish to state further that Mr. Nicholson is
expected by many citizens of Tennessee to be
a candidate for the supreme bench of the State,
and he is universally looked to as a candidate
because of his great qualifications as a lawyer,
and because the people have confidence in the
purity of his purposes. I will state further
that he has exerted himself to restore law and
order in the State as much and more than any
man of his party that I know of. The Union
men have entire confidence in his integrity as
a lawyer and his great capacity for this pur-
pose. If we fail to get Mr. Nicholson we may
get some individual who is incompetent. Mr.
Arnell is very anxious in reference to this mat-
ter. He knows the state of things.
Mr. Whilthorne was in rebellion,and remained
in rebellion during the war; at its close he
surrendered and came home, and has been an
excellent citizen since. Mr. Abxell told me
himself, when he brought these names here,
that Mr. Whilthorne was the only man in that
county who had ever stood up there and de-
nounced from the beginning the Kuklux Klan
in the county. He supported him very strongly,
and is very anxious that his name should be
inserted.
Mr. Nicholson did not leave the Senate.
He went home when the Senate adjourned. I
know myself that Mr. Nicholson's judgment
was against the rebellion, and that he gave no
encouragement to it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire the attention
of the Senate for one moment. I will just give
the Senate the information that I have in my
possession in regard to Mr. Nicholson. I am
informed that he was once a United States
Senator, that he is a man of learning and abil-
ity, that he is objectionable to a great many of
the Union men ofTennessee, and that he has
never on any public occasion expressed his
acquiescence in reconstruction, but, on the
contrary, has expressed disapprobation of the
reconstruction policy, and has been a violent
opposer of the reconstruction acts; and the
addition of his name upon this bill, I am fear-
ful will embarrass the bill in the other House.
I deem it my duty to give this information to
the Senate, and they can act upon it as they
choose.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to state that I know
personally that Mr. Nicholson is not a violent
man under any circumstances. He is a man
of cool, calm, deliberate judgment, and is re-
markably, more than any man that I know of,
under the influence of his intellectual powers.
His great defect is, if anything, his want of
courage. That perhaps was the cause why he
did not resist secession more strongly than he
did at the time. But Mr. Nicholson is pecu-
liarly a gentle man, and is, in consequence of
his gentleness and his fine intellectual ability,
prevented from taking a violent course under
any circumstances. He is as nearly destitute
of passion as any man I ever knew. Mr. Aii-
NELL, an earnest man, an honorable man, who
has suffered more than any other Represent-
ative from Tennessee, and who knows his case,
brought these papers over to me and presented
them to me, and urged me to have the name
put in this bill if possible.
Mr. TnAYER. A Republican member of
the House from Tennessee called on me at my
desk since this name was proposed, and said
that if the Senate had any regard for the Re-
publican party of Tennessee, ho trusted this
name would not be put in the bill.
Mr. FOWLER. Who is that?
Mr. THAYER. A Republican member of
the House from the State of Tennessee.
Mr. FOWLER. What one?
Mr. THAYER. It does not make any dif-
ference. 1 state that it was a Republican
member of the House from Tennessee, whose
word is as good as that of any other member
of either House. I know nothing myself ex-
cept current history at the time, that Mr.
Nicholson left his seat in the Senate. ' This
member also stated that it was proposed to
elect him judge of the supreme court of Ten-
nessee, and that was oue of the reasons why
they did not want him relieved of his dis-
abilities. They did not want him for a judge.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, since the
conclusion of the war I have been very anxious,
not only to be just to southern men engaged in
the rebellion, but to be generous. And where
ever those men have conducted themselves
properly, have been good citizens, I have been
disposed, notwithstanding their participation
in the rebellion, to remove their disabilities.
I desire, however, to be specially particular
in regard to those men who left the Cabinet
in 1801, who left the Supreme and district
courts, who left Congress, and went into the
rebellion. I feel rather tender toward the men
who were in the'Array and Navy and resigned
and joined the rebellion. They were not poli-
ticians, but they followed the public men of the
country and the advice of the public men of
the country. Before I relieve those men who
sat iu the Senate of the United States and in
the House of Representatives, and who gave
their support to the rebellion, or who had
not courage enough to stand by their country,
I want to know whether they have behaved
properly since the rebellion, whether they have
conducted themselves as law-abiding citizens,
and whether they are disposed to conduct
themselves properly in the future. I do not
ask that they shall have supported the recon-
struction aets, or that they should be members
of the Republican party.
Mr. FOWLER. Let me' state one fact in
regard to Mr. Nicholson. Mr. Nicholson was
a member of the late convention that formed
the new constitution of the State of Tennessee,
and it was mainly through his influence, his
earnest influence, that the article was inserted
in that constitution giving universal suffrage
in the State. His speech on that subject was
one of the ablest speeches that I'have ever
read on the subject. All here who served with
him in this body know his ability.
Mr. WILSON. I know him. I know that
Mr. Nicholson is a man of talent and a man of
character. There is no question about that.
I am very glad to learn what the Senator says
about his course in the convention. I am glad,
further, to learn what the Senator says in re-
gard to the other gentleman, that he has stood
up in his county and denounced the Kuklux
Klan. I warm up to the man who has cour-
age enough to do that, because if there is any-
thing on God's earth that ought to be trampled
into the dust and sent to its kindred hell it is
this Kuklux Klan, who have dishonored hum&i-
ity in this country.
Now, sir, I know Mr. Arnell, who recom-
mends this gentleman, i I have great confidence
in his fairness, in his character. We all know
that he is an earnest and radical Republican.
Mr. FO WLER. There is no question of that.
Mr. WILSON. Therefore, taking what I
learn here to-day, and with this indorsement
by Mr. Arnell and by the Senator from Ten-
nessee, I shall make no further opposition in
this case. I only trust that we shall not be
mistaken iu our generosity.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
obliged to euforcethe rule that no Senator shall
speak more than twice on the same question.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I simply wish to appeal
to the honorable Senator from Tennessee to
withdraw these two names for fear they may
embarrass this bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I assure the Senator that
they will not embarrass the bill iu the other
House. I speak from what I know on that
point. I desire to state another thing. I never
have recommended any man to this Senate or
to any executive officer who was not an hon-
orable man ; but who, if he had been engaged
in the rebellion, had brought forth fruits meet
for repentance, and shown that he was disposed
to be not only a good citizen, but an active and
faithful defender ofhis country. I believe that
of Mr. Nicholson or I would not offer his name
here or anywhere.
Mr. ROBERTSON. One of the members
of the House of Representatives spok? to me
about this name yesterday. I am sure that
the name will be objected to in that House. I
do not know whether the objection will amount
to a defeat of the bill or not; but I am sure
that it will be objected to, for a member of the
House told me that lie would object to it. I
should have no objection personally to the in-
sertion of the name if it were not objected to
by others. I should like to take the sense of
the Senate upon it.
Mr. THAYER. I do not know by what
authority the Senator from Tennessee states
so positively that the objection in the House
will amount to nothing. An influential mem-
ber of the House stated to me just what I have
repeated here in the very words he gave it to
me. I know from him that this name will meet
with serious objection in the House. Whether
it will be sufficient to defeat the passage of the
bill or not I do not know ; but the Senator
from Tennessee cannot speak for the House
when I state what a member has stated to me,
and authorized me to state here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to know if
the statement made by the Senator from Ten-
nessee is controverted, that Mr. Akxell, who,
1 understand,is thellepubliean Representative
of the district in Tennessee in %vhich this Mr.
Nicholson resides, is in favor of the removal
of his disabilities. Does the Senator from
Nebraska know that that is not the fact?
Mr. THAYER. I have not controverted
any statement made by the Senator from Ten-
nessee as coming from Mr. Aexell. I do not
know anything about that. I only stated what
a Republican member of the House from Ten-
nessee informed me ten minutes ago.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If it be the fact that Mr.
Aenell, who represents the district in which
this man lives, is in favor of removing his dis-
abilities, it seems to me he is tbe proper repre-
sentative on that question, and should know
better what ouglit or ought not to be done in
that district than a person living elsewhere in
that State.
Mr. THAYER. That does not follow at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it does follow.
