1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dies, to submit propositions fair, feasible, and
substantial, as they say.
It seems to me that either oae of the stand-
ing committees of the Senate ought to take
j urisdiction and exercise jurisdiction patiently,
laboriously, and methodically of this whole
subject, and consider all the bills for that pur-
pose, or else a special committee should be
raised to which the whole subject should lie
submitted, and committed to the end that we
may have, not a report in favor of one bill from
one committee and against another bill from
another committee, depending upon the par-
ticular view taken by different members of the
body, but that we may have presented to us a
written report which shall indicate a policy,
indicate principles upon which we are to pro-
ceed, and considerations by whieh we are to
square the various claims and schemes which
present themselves to us.
Now, sir, I trust that this bill will not be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, un-
able as 1 know that committee to be, in addition
to everything else, to give adequate considera-
tion to the whole subject, and certainly that it
will not be so referred unless the meaning of
the Senate is to commit to that committee all
cognate and kindred measures. If that be so,
very well; the committee must make its best
endeavor to acquit itself of the duty devolved
on it; but Ifeel sure that a special committee, to
be devoted to this theme alone, would work
out better results than I can claim for the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired, and the joint resolution in regard to
the Northern Pacific railroad is before the Sen-
ate, upon which the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Harlax] is entitled to the floor. The resolu-
tion of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads is placed on the Calendar of reso-
lutions.
IJILIS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should like to have per-
mission to introduce a bill.
The VICEPRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa yield for that purpose?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
78]) to amend an act entitled "An act fixing
the compensation for the bailiffs and criers of
the courts of the District of Columbia," ap-
proved February 22, 18C7; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 7S2) to annul a portion of a certain statute
. of the Territory of New Mexico ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories) and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 783) to repeal all existing laws authorizing
transportation and exportation of goods, wares,
and merchandise in bond to Mexico, overland
or by inland waters, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
and ordered to be printed.
REVENUE MAKINli.
Mr. SCIIURZ submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
licsolmd. That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate the report ot
the board of officers concerning tho revenuemarine.
JlKbSAGH FROM THE IIOU8K.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives. bv Mr. McPheusox, its Clerk, announced
that the'House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions of the Senate without
amendment:
A bill (S. No. 34!)) for the relief of Samuel
F.'Butterworth and others;
A bill (S. No. 66G) to compensate Mrs.
Fannie Kelly for important services ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 158) for the
relief of Brigadier General Gabriel R. Paul,
of the United States Army; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) to-authorize
the reappointment of William Pollard in the
Engineer corps of the United States Navy.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of tho Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 810) to amend an act
passed July 20, 1830, entitled "An act to
change the organization of the Post Office
Department;"
A bill (H. R. No. 87G) to perpetuate testi-
mony in the courts of the United States;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1691) for the relief of
Timothy Baker, of St. John, Michigan ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 85) for tho
relief of Helen Lincoln and Heloise Liucoln,
and for the withholding of moneys from tribes
of Indians holding American captives; and
A joint, resolution (H. R. No. 128) for the
relief of George W. Keyes.
distjuct usu11y laws.
The message also announced that, the House
insisted upon its amendments to the bill (S.
No. 215) to amend tho usury laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia disagreed to by the Senate;
agreed to the conference asked by tho Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Burton C.
Cook of Illinois, Mr. Michael C. Keur of In-
diana, and Mr. Ulysses Mekcuu of Pennsyl-
vania, managers at the same on its parL.
ORDlitt 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill on tho
Calendar to enable the people of Cleveland to
build a water-works for themselves, to which
it is necessary to have tho assent of Congress.
I know there will be no objection to it; it is
very short; and I hope it will bo passed now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does tho Sen-
ator from Iowa yield for that purpose V
Mr. HARLAN. If it will not lead to de-
bate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be subject
to a demand for the regular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. If any objection is made
I will not press it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Public bills are of more
importance, and I must stand by my friend
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] I have agreed
to do it. I have the utmost kindness for the
Senators bill; but I have made a contract
with my friend from Vermont to stand by him,
and I must object to any bill being taken up
out. of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will only
hear the biil read, I am sure he will not object.
Mr. IIAMLIN. That will not make a bit
of difference. I will vote for it when it comes
I up in its order.
i Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
I from Maine objects. The Northern Pacific
i Railroad bill is before the Senate, and tlieSen-
| at or from Iowa is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I desire 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Sen-
tor from I owa yield to the Senator from Maine ?
Mr. HARLAN. I will hear the purpose of
the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire the
Senator to yield to me in order to enable me
to make a motion to postpone the present order,
with a view to proceed to the consideration of
the appropriation bill, of which I gave notice
Yesterday.
Mr. HARLAN. I would not desire to inter-
pose a speech such as 1 shall probably be aole to
make between the Senator and the purpose lie
has in view; but there is a motion to recon-
sider a bill hero that I should be glad to have
considered first. It will be remembered by the
Senate that some week or two since a bill was
passed by the Senate relating to Indian affairs,
authorizing the appointment of inspectors'and
making provision for .the general management
of the: service, and afterwards a motion was
entered by the honorable Senator from Nevada
["Mr. Stewart] to reconsider it. I-should hope*
the consideration of that motion would not lead
to much discussion and it might be disposed
of to-day. .
Mr. STEWART. I prefer that that should
not-be taken up now.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I will yield to the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 674, the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill, of which I gave
notice on a former occasion.
Mr. EDMUNDS.- Let us finish this rail-
road bill first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine, to
postpone the present and all other orders for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HOWARD. In what condition would
that leave the order of the day?
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. If the appropria-
tion bill should be finished to-day then the
Northern Pacific railroad bill would resume its
place. If the Senate should adjourn upon the
appropriation bill to-day it would be the unfin-
ished business ; and on Tuesday at one o'clock,
by unanimous consent, the Senate have ordered
tho Georgia bill to be taken up. ' The Cbair,
of course, cannot anticipate what length of time
will be taken by either of these bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state to
tho Senate that I have very great hopes of fin-
ishing this appropriation biil to-day if it can
be taken up at once, and 1 consider it of the
utmost importance that itshould be considered
at the present time. Wo are very much behind
in tho consideration of this class of bills, owing
to the preoccupation of the Senate upon ques-
tions of privilege. The Committee on Appro-
priations have had but a single day this session.
Here is a bill involving some eighteen or nine-
teen million dollars thatoughtto be considered,
and ought to be considered now, because it. will
have to go to the House of Representatives for
further consideration, and after that probably
to a committee of conference ; and in the moan
time the Committee on Appropriations will be
charged with the presentation of other bills—
tho Lndian appropriation bill, the civil appro-
priation bill, and so on. If not considered
now, the Senate will by and by be occupied
with these bills at a time when it will not be
possible to give them the consideration which
their importance demands. I hope, therefore,
the Senate will indulge me now in taking ud
thin bill.
Mr. HOWARD. If I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, lie wished to take
up tho general appropriation bill.
Mr. MQKR1LL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. That will necessarily con-
sume a great deal of time in tl>e discussion,
exhausting undoubtedly to-day and probably
Monday. I really think we had better proceed
with the present oider of the day, and finish
the discussion upon the Northern Pacific rail-
road. Veiy little is gained by this interference
with the regular discussion of measures that
come before the Senate. We commence to
discuss one bill to-day, and something eLo.
interferes to-morrow, and when that former
bill is taken up the whole ground is ordinarily
gone over again, and twice the amount of time
is usually consumed in the discussion oi a but
in that condition than when it is taken up anu
finished in its regular course. I think mysei;
that we shall be able to get through will; the
Northern Pacific railroad bill to-day 5 pci -
even some time before ourusualhourofadjoum-
