1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5t9
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Nituralimtion—Mr. Thurman.
Best ate.
yielded to the latter; and experience has fully
proved that it would have been true economy,
even at that day, to have built it either of stone
or iron.
But since that time the national importance
and necessity of it has greatly increased; for
it is the only harbor of refuge along the
Atlantic coast between Sandy Hook and Hamp-
ton lioads ; and being immediately on the
ocean, and nearly equidistant from the cities
of New York, Philadelphia, and Norfolk, I am
safe in saying it is more resorted to as such in
storms or adverse winds on the Atlantic sea-
board than any other harbor upon it. As an
evidence of this I will read a short extract
from a letter written by a distinguished gen-
tleman of Delaware, formerly a member of this
House. He says:
" I was at Lewes only a few even iugs since, wben
there was scarcely a vessel visible, either at sea or in
the harbor; but during the night thore were strong
indications of a gale from the eastward, and by the
next day there wore a hundred mored within the
works."
Sir, large fleets of merchant vessels are often
detained there, particularly in the autumnal
and winter seasons, for weeks at a time, and
steamships often come in short of coal as well
as other supplies, and without, obtaining either
from the shore, for if the sea is rough even
small boats cannot safely venture across the
bars which skirt the harbor. The light house
keeper at the breakwater states the number of
vessels that anchor and seek shelter there are
about twenty-five thousand annually. Hence
the importance of this harbor to our commerce
and coasting trade cannot be overestimated.
The heavy storms which ravage our coast in
winter cause vessels from foreign ports and
from every part of our sea coast to seek shelter
in this harbor. A report made by Lieutenant
Barr to the Secretary of the Treasury in Octo-
ber. 1868, states that—
"Two hundred and eighty vessels have been actu-
ally counted in this harbor at one time, amounting
in value to, at a very low estimate, $5,000,000, the
value of which, together with their cargoes, is not
iess than $200,000,000. It therefore becomes apparent
that so great an interest which here centers impera-
tively demands an increase in the capacity of the
harbor. The capacity of the harbor is annually
being lessened by the gradual shoaling of the water.
Not a winter passes but a number of vessels are
driven ashore from their anchors, and if not entirely
lost, are only rescued at a heavy expense to their
owners."
Sir, it very frequently happens that vessels
are forced out of the harbor, and are at the
mercy of the winds, and go drifting helplessly
among the ice. It often occurs during the
winter that communication is entirely cutoff
from the land by the heavy surf and drift ice,
making it unsafe to land on the beach. The
report which I have quoted from goes on to
say that—
"To get off heavy and bulky articles, such a.s coal
or water,is a tedious and expensive operation, as they
must be boated off, and owing to a bar running along
the shoreonly a few trips are possible on each high-
water. Vesselswhich may be off the Delaware capes,
meeting heavy head-winds or storms, are forced to
run back to Norfolk, thus losing much valuable time
and ineurringheavy expense. Steamers particularly
da,re not pat in here, on account- of the delay and
difficulty in obtaining supplies."
In view, then, Mr. Speaker, of the great
national importance, I hope the House will
pass this bill, which will be sufficient to con-
struct an iron pier, and which will be an adjunct
to I he breakwater.
The vessels interested are not those bound to
potts on the Delaware bay, but to others, which
makes the appropriation a national benefit, and
lioi local. The construction of this pier, then,
will facilitate communication between vessels
at, the breakwater and Lewes, and thence to
Philadelphia, New York, and othercities, South
as well as North. Of so great importance
did the Philadelphia Board of Trade consider
a pier at Lewes that on the 2d of April, 1804, I
they addressed the following letter to Hon.
Edwin -M. Stanton, then Secretary of War:
Philadelphia, April 2,1864.
Silt: The memorial of the Philadelphia Board of
Trade respectfully represents that if a suitable pier
should be constructed at Lewes, in the Stato of Dela-
ware, national vessels would thereby be enablod to
hold telegraphic communication with Washington,
Philadelphia, New York, and other points. In the
absence of such a pier the attempt to land upon the
beach with a view to such communication is unsafe,
and sometimes impracticable; that the breakwater
during easterly storms furnishes the only safe and
easily accessible harbor from Newport to Hampton
Roads; that twenty-five thousand vessels annually
tmdshelter at the breakwater; and that vessels need-
ing supplies, sueh as provisions, anchors, chains, .fee.,
will be able to obtain them at Lewes only by means
of a suitable pier. Your memorial^'.? therefore pray
that a pier adequate to the needs above described
may be constructed at Lewes.
samuel c. morton,
President.
„ „ A. J. PERKINS, Secretary.
Hon. Edwin M. Stantox.
Here, then, we have uot only the recom-
mendation of the Philadelphia Board of Trade,
but a unanimous report of the Committee on
Appropriations, and an indorsement by the
present Secretary of the Treasury, all favor-
ing the erection of a pier at Lewes.
The State of Delaware for the last fifty years
has been greatly neglected in appropriations
made by the Federal Government. A bill
passed this House a few days ago, called the
" river and harbor bill," making as many as
eighteen appropriations for one State. True,
the State of Delaware is small; but the Treas-
ury of the United States has been replenished
greatly from the industry of her people. Since
the operation of the income tax my little State
has paid nearly or quite three million dollars
into the public Treasury. But, sir, I press not
the passage of this bill oil the ground of locality,
butthe broad and comprehensive ground which
embraces the commerce and interests of the
whole American people.
Naturalization.
SPEECH OF ALLEN a. THURMAN,
of onto,
In the Sexate of the United States,
July 2, 1870.
The Senate having under consideration the bill (H.
R. No. 2201) to amend the naturalization laws, and
to punish crimes against the same, with the substi-
tute of the Senate Judiciary Committee therefor—
Mr. THURMAN said:
Mr. President: Since the first permanent
settlement of this country was begun, in the year
1607, it has been the policy of the American
people to encourage emigration from Europe.
Without a single'exception for nearly two cen-
turies and three quarters that has been the pol-
icy of the people. One of the charges against
George the III, contained in the Declaration of
Independence, was that—■
" He has endeavored to prevent the population of
these,States, for that purpose obstructing the laws for
naturalization of foreigners; refusing to pass others
to encourage their migration hither, and raising the
conditions of new appropriations of lands."
Among the earliest acts passed by the first
Congress under the Constitution was a liberal
naturalization law. It is now proposed by the
bill under consideration to reverse our policy,
and instead of encouraging migration to dis-
courage it. For if anything is more capable
of demonstration than another, itis that this is
a bill to discourage migration from Europe to
the United States. In fact the objects, or at
least the effect of this bill, may be summed up
'as follows: it is a bill, first, to discourage immi-
gration ; second, to prevent naturalization;
third, to disfranchise naturalized citizens;
fomth, to deter such citizens from exercising
the elective franchise; and fifth, to provide for
a corrupt administration of the naturalization
laws. I think I shall be able to make good
every one of these assertions.
I have said that it has been the policy of the
country to promote migration from Europe,
and so strong is that policy felt at this time
that State after State now has commissioners
of emigration in Europe to promote such migra-
tion. Not only that, but we have bills before
Congress for the same purpose ; one of them a
bill providing for an immense enterprise, with
the avowed objectof taking to thesouthern States
immigrants from the southern part of Europe.
Again, following the obvious dictates of rea-
son, it has always been the policy of the United
States to make the immigrant from Europe
a citizen as soon as it was thought it could
reasonably be done. I say, following the obvi-
ous dictates of reason; for every man will see
upon the least reflection that it is the interest
of the Republic that every such European emi-
grant, having become permanently domiciled
here, should be bound to this country by the
ties of allegiance. Hence, as I have already
said, among the first acts of Congress that were
passed after the adoption of the Federal Con-
stitution was an act in relation to naturaliza-
tion, and an act of great liberality ; one that,
inmy judgment, was better than those that suc-
ceeded it, although it may have needed some
amendment. The first act of naturalization was
passed on the 26th day of March, 1790 ; and it
provided—
"That any alien, being a free white person, who
shall have resided within the limits and under the
jurisdiction of the United States for the term of two
years, may be admitted to become a citizen thereof
on application to any common law court of i coord in
any one of the States wherein he shall have resided
for the term of one year at least, and making proof
to the satisfaction of such court that lie is a person
of good character, and taking the oath or affirmation
prescribed by law, to support the Constitution of the
United States, which oath or affirmation Mich court
shall administer; and the clerk of such court shall
record such application, and the proceedings thereon ;
and thereupon such person shall be considered as a
citizen of the United States, and the children of sueh
persons so naturalized dwelling within the United
States, being under the age of twenty-one years at
the time of such naturalization, shall also beeon&id-
ered as citizens of the United States. And the chil-
dren of citizens of the United States that, may be born
beyond the sea, or out of the limits of tile United
States, shall be considered n,s natural-born citizens:
Provided, That the right of citizenship shall not de-
scend to persons whose fathers have never becu resi-
dent in the United States: Provided, also. That 110
person heretofore proscribed by any State shall be
admitted as a citizen as aforesaid, except by an act
of the Legislature of the State in which such person
was proscribed."
You will observe, sir, that by this, the first
act on the subject, a residence of only two
years was required ; that no preliminary dec-
faration of intention was required ; that no
particular number of witnesses was required ;
but that all that was necessary was that the
person should prove to the satisfaction of the
court that he had been two years a resident
of this country, and one of those years a resi-
dent of the State in which he made the appli-
cation. You observe, further, sir, that he was
allowed to become naturalized in any court of
record in the United States,whether State court
or Federal court. That was the liberal policy
with which our fathers set out in the work of
naturalization.
The law stood in that way until 1795. In
1795, as is well known to all who are familiar
with our history, there was considerable feel-
ing in the country, growing out of what wt-re
supposed to be, and perhaps were, the machi-
nations of emissaries of the French revolution-
ary Government to plunge the United States
into the war then raging between France and
almost the whole of Europe. Acting under the
spirit induced by the fear or the passion thus
excited, .in 1795 Congress revised the natural-
ization laws, and adopted substantially the s\ s-
tem that has prevailed ever since.
In the first place, it required a residence of
five years. lu the second place, it required
