5370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator from Nebraska that
he has spoken twice on this subject. The
Chair is requested to enforce the rule.
Mr. THAYER. The name of the member
is Horace Maynard, who authorized me to
make this statement to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I am not prepared unless
a very clear and strong case is made out to
vote to relieve the disabilities of any man who
abandoned his seat in this Chamber.
Mr. FOWLER. He did not abandon it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says he did
not abandon it; but I take it the facts show
that he did. The Senator may not so under-
stand it, but I think the facts show that he
abandoned his seat in this Chamber to take
part in the rebellion.
Mr. FOWLER. He did not. I do not wish
to contradict the Senator, of course ; but I say
lie did not.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says he did
not abandon his seat; but he says his time
was not out. He went away, and did not come
back here. He could have got back. Andrew
Johnson got back here; and this Senator, I
take it, at some time before his term was out
could have got back here. But I desire to
state what was the impression at the time; and
1 remember distinctly that A. 0. P. Nicholson
went into the rebellion and gave it his influence.
That was the understanding at the time. It
may have been incorrect; it may have done
him injustice; but the fact is he wont away from
here, not so soon as some other southern Sen-
ators, and sooner than some others, and did not
come back here, and the report went abroad,
and I never heard it contradicted until to-day,
that he had given his influence and his voice
to the .rebellion. If he had sought to come
back here I know enough about egress from and
ingress into the State of Tennessee throughout
the rebellion to know that he could have gotten
here at any time.
Mr. YATES. I desire to ask a question of
the Senator from Tennessee. I ask whether
the application for the removal of disabilities
is made by Mr. Nicholson himself, or upon the
motion of the Senator?
Mr. FOWLER. It is made by Mr. Nichol-
son. The petition of Mr. Nicholson was for-
warded from Columbia, his home, to Mr.
Aknki.l, his Representative in the other House,
as well as the petition of Mr. Whilthorne.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. FOWLER. I am answering a ques-
tion.
Mr. THAYER. The Chair debarred me
from speaking more than twice, and I ask that
the same rule be applied to other Senators.
Mr. FOWLER. I am merely answering a
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis in order
for the Senator from Tennessee to reply to the
question of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. THAYER. I ask whether that is not
speaking three times, under the rule? Does
the Chair intend to apply a different rule to
different Senators?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
intends to apply the rule to all Senators alike ;
but the Senator from Illinois asked the Senator
from Tennessee a question, and he is trying to
answer it.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. Arnell brought those
names over to me, with the earnest request that
I would offer them and have them inserted in
this bill. He had a separate bill prepared,
which I introduced here, and it was referred to
flip pnnifTiiftAP
' Mr. YATES. Was it signed by Mr. Nichol-
son ?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir, signed by Mr.
Nicholson.
Mr. MORTON. If Mr. Nicholson has ap-
plied for the removal of his disabilities I should
like to see his petition. To inform me that a
petition is in the cyty ofWashingtSn is not suffi-
cient. But I will say to my friend from Ten-
nessee that the fact of Mr. Nicholson Jiaving
petitioned is not in harmony with my friend's
statement. By his petition he confesses that
he did go into the reDellion. According to the
statement of the Senator he did not. Now we
will take it for granted that Mr. Nicholson
knows best. Assume, if you please, that he has
petitioned. That admits the fact, by his own
statement, that he was a Senator on this floor
and abandoned his seat and went into the
rebellion. And now, when he wants to be
supreme judge of Tennessee, he asks the Sen-
ate to remove his disabilities.
For one, I never will consent now, or at any
other time, as I understand it, to remove the
disabilities of any man who abandoned his seat
in either House of Congress and went into the
rebellion. I am willing to pardon the great
mass; I am willing to relieve all who ask it in
good faith who do not stand in this attitude.
But, sir, so far as those men are concerned
who brought on this rebellion and tried to
break up the national councils, who abandoned
their seats here in violation of their oaths, I
will not remove their disabilities, and perhaps
permit them to come back here, even though
they should come to Washington upon- their
knees. They are a class of men for whom I
have no sympathy and for whom I have polit-
ical forgiveness.
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. President 
Mr. FOWLER. I simply wish to make this
statement: the petition is in the hands 
Mr. THAYER. I call for the enforcement
of the rule.
Mr. LEWIS. I believe I had the floor.
Mr. FOWLER. I simply wish to say, as my
word has been doubted on the subject, that the
petition of Mr. Nicholson is in the hands of
the committee.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nebraska rises to a point of order, which
he will state.
Mr. THAYER. Does the Chair enforce a
different rule on different Senators?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not. The Chair will read the fourth rule :
"No Senator shall speak more than twice in any
one debate, on the same (lay, without leave of the
Senate; which quostion shall bo decided without
debate."
The Senator from Tennessee can now pro-
ceed only by unanimous consent.
Mr. FOWLER. I have nothing further to
sav.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Senator from Virginia has been recognized,
and this question of order has been settled.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 simply wanted to state
where the petition can be found.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unanimous
consent is not asked, as the Senator from
Tennessee does not wish to proceed.
Mr. LEWIS. I simply rise to appeal to my
honorable friend from Tennessee to withdraw
that name. If it goes to the House it will be
stricken out there. There is opposition to it,
and it will imperil the bill.
Mr. FOWLER. It will not be stricken out.
Mr. LEWIS. I implore the Senator to with-
draw that amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. It cannot be stricken out
in the House.
Mr. LEWIS. Then I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to know what the
name is.
The Chief Cmrk. The amendment is to
insert the names of A. 0. P. Nicholson and
W. C. Whilthorne, of Columbia, Tennessee.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from Ten-
nessee who this man Nicholson was; whether
he was not a member of the Senate, and left
the Senate at the breaking out of the war and
went off inlu the rebellion?
Mr. FOWLER. I am not permitted to
anfhe"'PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Michigan that
that question has been answered several times,
that this is the same gentleman.
Mr. HOWARD. Itis said that such -was the
case. I must be pardoned for putting the ques-
tion, for there is so much noise in the Chamber
that we are not able to hear all that takes*
place.
Now, sir, if that is the record of a man i
cannot vote to remove his disabilities. As has
been remarked by the Senator from Indiana, I
will never vote to receive back into political
association those men who were intrusted with
the political and legislative power of this nation
at the most critical period of its existence and
betrayed their trust deliberately for the wicked
purpose of destroying the very Government
which they were serving, and went off and
joined the enemies of that Government sword
in hand. It is asking of me entirely too much
to forgive such a fault as this, a piece of delib-
erate,well-planned treachery,whose object was
the entire dissolution and destruction of the
Government to which they belonged. It was
a double treason, a triple treason, to which
should be added deliberate perjury. With
what face can a man who has acted such a part
come before Congress and a?k to have his sins
forgiven to such an extentas thathe may again
join us in the legislation of the country? Sir,
a wise man may be once deceived and betrayed,
but it is the fool who makes himself such a
victim the second time by the same man.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Nicholson was once a
Senator. I have seen him in his seat. I saw
him leave this Chamber," a traitor, to begin
the terrible war which filled this country with
blood and caused untold expense. That was
his original offense. He is one of our great
offenders. Are you ready for condonation and
pardon? I know not that the time may not
come, I hope it may, when even such an of-
fender may be received; but I am sure it does
not come now, and especially am I sure it has
not come now when we are told openly in the
Chamber that a distinguished Representative
of Tennessee in the other House, Mr. Mayxard,
asks that it shall not be done. And now, sir, I
am authorized to say that our associate in this
Chamber, not now in his seat, the other Sen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Browxlow,] asks
that it shall not be done. In the face of that,
it seems to me, the Senate has but one duty,
to reject the proposition.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask for the reading of
the petition and papers of Mr. Nicholson,
which I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the following papers:
Nashville, T'essbssec,
February Ifi, 1870.
Deak Sir: lam in receiptof aletter from Colum-
bia, which informs me that a letter is being gotten
up for the signatures of a number of your political
friends, requesting yon to use your influence in pro-
curing the removal of the disabilities supposed to bo
imposed upon me by the fourteenth amendment.
This movement originates, in part at least, in adesiro
that I may be in a condition to accept a judicial
position, which I have expressed my willingness to
do. I write now to say that if you can, in the dis-
charge of your duties, favor the removal of my dis-
abilities I should feel obliged to you for so doing.
You are fully aware of my past course, and can de-
termine intelligently whether the public interests
would bo subserved or not by my restoration to the
full rights of citiaenship, and by your judgment X
am willing to abide._ It is, perhaps, proper for me to
add that my own opinion is that I am not obnoxiuus
to the provisions of the fourteenth amendment; but
as there maybe doubt on the subject, I would bo
gratified to liave the doubt remove"!.
Assuring you that I wilt properly appreciate vour
action on my application, I am, very respectful!?,
your oSiod lent servant,
Tr c ,, , A. 0. P. XICUOLSOIx.
Hon. S. M. Arxell.
[Indorsement.]
Horse op Eepiiesextatives,
1' 1(JoNGltES,S, isfccon'p iSKSSlOX.
I am clearly of opinion that the "public interest
would be veu" by the removal of the lesal
and political disabilities of Mr. A. 0. P. Nichoi'on.
