'4426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
a canal in the State of Wisconsin or any other
State. I can see no necessity for it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not suppose
that the Senator from Ohio would differ from
me, or I from him, in regard to that question ;
but the point is to see whether the canal com-
pany will not do something;, that is, remove the
very obstacles which are now in the way of this
navigation. Whether the United States shall
ever buy that canal is another question not
before the Senate now, and it may never be.
When it is, we shall consider it.
Mr. THURMAN. I should think that the
State of Wisconsin could take care of its own
interest in that matter: and if the canal com-
pany will not perform the duties that are im-
posed upon it by the charter, that State will
take measures to revoke the charter and give
the improvement to some company that would,
or make the improvement itself. It does seem
to me we ought to have more explanation
before we put in an entering-wedge here to
what seems likely to be a very large appropri-
ation, and to result in our purchasing a work
of internal improvement.
Mr. HARLAN. It is a matter of very great
importance to the people living on- the west
side of the Mississippi river, and those living
near that stream on the east side, to have a
channel of water communication connecting
the Mississippi with the lakes for the purpose
of cheapening transportation. As the Sen-
ator from Ohio understands very well, there
are many products that will not bear trans-
portation in any other way and avail the owner
in a market remote from the point of produc-
tion. Understanding the value of the free navi-
gation of the Ohio river, he can understand
how those of us who live west of the Missis-
sippi river would feel over a question of this
kind. We desire to have a free communica-
tion by water between the Mississippi river and
the lakes which will give us communication
with the sea-board. There is a canal company
that have thecontrol of apart of the Pox river.
They have received land from the Government
of the United States to aid in its improve-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. How much?
Mr. HARLAN. Several hundred thousand
acres, I think. I cannotgive the exact amount.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Five sections to the
mile, as I remember.
Mr. HARLAN. They have not improved
the Wisconsin river, but have made some im-
provements on the Fox river; and this bill
proposes that the Government shall ascertain
whether it can, on proper terms, obtain abso-
lute control of the whole line so as to perfect
the line from the lakes to the Mississippi river.
It is an object of very great importance, to all
ot us who live at least on the west side of the
upper Mississippi river, and I hope that the
honorable Senator from Ohio and other mem-
bers of this body may see their way clear to
permit this bill to pass, which provides merely
for an inquiry, for a proper investigation of the
subject, that we may when we meet again bo
prepared to dispose of it, if it should then
appear to be advisable.
Mr. HOWE. That is it.
Mr. THURMAN. I think this bill had
better go over for the present until we can have
some further examination ofit.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say to the hon-
orable Senator two or three things. First, it
will be manifest to him if he will look upon
the map that this question does not concern
the State of Wisconsin so much as it does the
States which lie west and east of it. This
looks toward the opening of a channel of com-
munication between the Mississippi and the
lakes ; but the only step that it takes toward
the opening of such a channel is to provide a
way for ascertaining at what cost an obstacle
can be removed. That obstacle is the title of
a private corporation to toll the commerce
upon a part of this line, to wit, Irora the head
of the Fox river to its mouth. The Govern-
ment cannot do anything to improve the Wis-
consin river while a private corporation owns
that very connection which belongs to the
complete line.
Now, it is supposed that the Governmentcan
obtain the title to that franchise—the franchise
now in the company—and can obtain it upon
such terms as may make it an object for the
Government to take it, and to complete the
improvement of the Wisconsin river. We do
not know whether it can or not. It is the ob-
ject of this bill, and the sole object, to enable
the Secretary of War to ascertain upon what
terms it can be obtained, and those terms are
to be laid before a future Cougress, and when
they come before that Congress the whole
question of the necessity or expediency of the
work will be open.
If the Senator sees this matter in the light
I do, I hope he will not force us into a discus-
sion of the question of whether this channel is
of great or little importance to the commerce
of the country. Properly that discussion be-
longs to the subsequent stages of the proceed-
ings. He will see that the Treasury is not
endangered by the terms of this bill at all.
Mr. THURMAN. I am certainly no enemy
to an cntex-prise that will benefit the commerce
of the country; and I can very well conceive
that a water communication from the lakes to
the Mississippi would be of very great service,
although I must confess, from what I have seen
of the Wisconsin river, that an attempt to make
slack-water navigation of it *vvill be rather a
futile effort whenever it is tried. But this idea
of water communication is no novelty. I thinlc
the first grant of land to aid in this improve-
ment must have been made more than twenty
years ago.
Mr. HOWE. It was made in 1845.
Mr. THURMAN. I think it was made when
I was a member of the other House, twenty-five
years ago. If we are not to go into this enter-
prise why be at any cost about it? The exe-
cution of this bill will put us to some cost,
several thousand dollars of cost probably, any-
how, I suppose. Still, if Senators are very
desirous that this bill shall pass as a mere mat-
ter of inquiry, I will not object to that. But I
think we should bo very careful indeed before
we go into that enterprise on the part of the
Government.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Governmentis
not committed by the passage of this bill ex-
cept, as you say, it will cost something, not a
large amount, simply to make the inquiry and
investigation.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
ItEGISTER TO THIS BARK BUSY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up for
consideration Senate joint resolution No. 191.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 191)
granting an American register to the British-
built bark Busy. It is an authority to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the British-built bark Busy, wrecked
and found abandoned at sea, the vessel being
now owned by citizens of Norfolk, Virginia.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SCHOONER CAVALLO MARINO.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideratiou of House bill No. 1956.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. It. No. 195G) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a regis-
ter to the schooner Cavallo Marino. It is ail
authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register to the schooner Cavallo Marino,
a vessel now lying in the harbor of Indianola,
Texas, and owned by Samuel Marx.
vThe bill was reported to-the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
NEW YORK PORT WAltDiSSS
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 467.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 467) to facilitate the
adjustment of controversies between parties
interested in maritime adventures and con-
tracts in the port of New York, and to estab-
lish a board of port wardens.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to pass over that
bill, for the purpose of taking up another bill
of the same class that we have just acted on.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let this bill lie over
informallv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
BRITISII-BUILT SCHOONER VENXHA.
Mr. CHANDLER. House joint resolution
No. 227 is what the Senator from Maine desires
to have called up. I move to take' it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. 11. No. 227)
granting an American register to the British-
built schooner Venilia.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
joint resolution with amendments. The first
amendment of the committee was to add the
following proviso:
Provided, That the owners of the said schooner
Venilia shall pay into the Treasury of the United
States a tax or duty of twenty percent., payable in
coin, on the cost or purchase-money of the wreck
of said schooner.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw that amendment and
let the bill go through.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as withdrawn.
The next amendn^ent of the Committee on
Commerce was to insert:
Sf.g. 2. And be it further enacted, ThattlieSecretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to issue certificates of registry or enroll-
ment and liconse to the following Canadian-built
vessels, namely: to the bark Cambria, the bark
Mary Jane, the bark Niagara, and the bark Cecilia,
said vessels being owned by citizens of the United
States, and having been employed upon the waters
ofthclakes: Provided, That there shall be paid upon
each of said foreign-built vessels a tax or duty of
twenty per cent, on the present value of said.vessels,
payable in coin; the value of said vessels to bo as-
certained in tho same manner as upon importations
of goods from foieign countries, according to rules
and regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submit to the Senator
from Michigan the proposition that he with-
draw that amendment. The two have no con-
nection with each other; it is an unfair mode
of legislation; and I submit to the Senator let
that second proposition stand by itself.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce a year ago last March reported a bill in
the words of this amendment. The late Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] very late
in the session, during the last days of the ses-
sion, came to me and urged me strongly to
put on the British bark Venilia to the bill,
which I did, and allowed it to pass.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was put on as an amend-
ment in the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes. Now, the fact in
connection with these ships is this: a citizen of
Canada removed to Michigan and went into the
lumberbusiness,becamca naturalized citizen of
the United States, and is to-day living in Allegan
county, engaged in the lumber business. Own-
ing two ships when he removed to the United
States, and owning them now, he desires to use
them in his business as an American lumber
merchant. The other two ships belong to a cit-
izen of Saginaw, who married a lady in Canada
who inherited two shins from herlather. He is in
