1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.283
ened by the necessities of war and received definito
form and character and sanction from the Articles of
Confederation. By these the Union was solemnly
declared to 'be perpetual.' And when these Articles
were found to be inadequate to the exigencies of the
country the Constitution was ordained to ' form a
more perfect Union.' It is difficult to convey the
idea of indissoluble unity more clearly than by these
words. What can be indissoluble if a perpetual
Union made more perfect, is not ?
"But the perpetuity and indissolubility of the
Union by no means implies the loss of distinct and
individual existence, or of the right of self-govern-
ment by the States. Underthe Constitution though
the powers of the States were much restricted, still
all powers not delegated to the United States nor
prohibited to the States are reserved to the States
respectively or to the people. And we have already
had occasion to remark at this term that ' the people
of each State compose a State, having its own gov-
ernment and endowed with all the functions essen-
tial to separate and independent existence;' and
that' without the States in union there could be no
such political body as the United States.' (County
of Lane ve. The State of Georgia.) Not only, there-
fore, can there be no loss of separate and independ-
ent autonomy to the States through their Union
underthe Constitution, butitmaynotunreasonably
be said that the preservation of the States and the
maintenance of their governments are as much
within the design and care of the Constitution as tho
preservation of the Union and the maintenance of
the national Government. The Constitution in all
its provisions looks to an indestructible Union com-
posed of indestructible States.
"When, therefore, Texas became one of the uni-
ted States she entered into an indissoluble relation.
All the obligations of perpetual union and all the
guarantees of republican government in the Union
attached at once to the State. The act which con-
summated her admission into the Union was some-
thing more than a compact—it was the incorporation
of a new member into thepolitical body, and it was
final. The union between Texas and the other States
was as complete, as perpetual, and indissoluble as
the Union between the original States. There was
no place for reconsideration or revocation except
through revolution or through consent of the States.
"TKe Supreme Court of the United States have
decided that Texas is a State in the Union. Yet the
legislative branch have solemnly enacted 'that be-
fore the States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas
shall be admitted to representation in Congress their
several Legislatureswhichmay be hereafter lawfully
organized shall ratify the fifteenth article which has
been proposed by Congress to the several States as
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.'"
The inference is clear that Georgia is a
State, entitled like the rest to an unbiased and
unforced vote on the amendment. So the court
will hold. If this be not enough, if still you
hold that Georgia, like the other insurgent
States, was under' the heel of the conqueror,
then, now that the war is done, there is another
code for your guidance. Bead the international
law ; it says that the condition of the State
ante helium obtains at the end of the war. The
doctrine of post limine applies ; it applies for
a great, good, aud wise purpose ; it applies
because it has in it the balm of healing ; it is
amnesty, restoration, health; itseeks no repris-
als in peace and asks no penalties after the bitter
fruits of war have been harvested and consumed;
it is the spirit of human and divine forgiveness
in a larger and more benignant sense than has
fet been illustrated in our national legislation,
t would like the Roman build a bridge of gold
that all citizens may return again over the
seething waters to the former national fellow-
ship. This bill has not this spirit. It is not
from above ; its oaths show this. Its inspira-
tion is hate, and it comes from below. It pours
no balm in the wounds of war: it tears them
open, green and bleeding; it adds fresh fuel
to the dying embers. If I were a Georgian,
Mr. Speaker,as I am an American, I would wel-
come with open hands to hospitable homes the
whole military satrapy of the Federal Union to
my State rather than be made the unwilling
instruments of this Congress to redestroy my
State, degrade its position, force a debased suf-
frage on sister States, and crawl beneath this
new yoke of abject submission.
Mr. BINGHAM. I regret, Mr. Speaker,
that I am limited, in the discussion of a ques-
tion of this magnitude, to twenty minutes. It
is not in the power of any man to do justice
to a question of this sort in so limited a time.
I desire to say that I have no occasion to
retract any part of my past record in anything
I may this day say in favor of postponing the
further consideration of this bill until the third
Wednesday of January next. Indeed, the rea-
son that impelled me to make that motion is
that the bill sent to us from the Senate of the
United States is in conflict with every letter of
the past legislation of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States on the subject of reconstruction. It
is in conflict with the express order of General
Grant, now the President of the United States,
then General of the Army, acting under the
law of reconstruction in 1868, in regard to
Georgia. It is in conflict with the utterance
of the Attorney General of the United States
in relation to Virginia, upon the construction
of all your reconstruction acts; and it is in
conflict with all the past legislation of the Con-
gress of the United States and of the interpreta-
tion of your Constitution.
For this reason I ask that the bill may be
postponed until the third Wednesday of Jan-
uary next. If I should utter no further word,
if there be truth in what I have said, the
majority of this House should postpone it.
But here we are limited to twenty minutes'
discussion, shut off from a reference to the rec-
ord, and asked to decide a question by passion
which ought to be decided in the light of the
calm deliberation of reason and under the
obligations of an oath.
The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, yesterday said that
forthese frequent murders, for these denials of
right to the people of Georgia, there ought to
be remedy in the Congress of the United States.
I agree with him. There is nothing in my rec-
ord that needs explanation in this behalf. I
agree with him, and stand here for the equal
protection of every human being in the land,
without regard to his color and without regard
to his nativity, in his rights of person and prop-
erty, and for the equal protection of every cit-
izen in his political rights.
Bat this is not the bill before us; it offers no
additional protection to any man, black or
white, in his rights or person. It is simply
fratuitousto make an appeal of that sort to this
louse; and it is equally gratuitous to attempt
here to bring to the support of this measure the
recommendation of the President of the United
States. I happen to know, and therefore I say
it, that there is a single line in this message
which he never intended to be there, that he
does not stand by to-day; and that is the line
that refers to the imposition of the oath en-
joined by the reconstruction act upon the mem-
bers of the Legislature. The whole context
of his message shows that what he meant was
the imposition of the requirement of the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendment
to the Constitution of the United States. Why
does he say, in concluding his message, "The
maintenance of the plighted faith and a fulfill-
ment of the obligations of the nation, the equal
protection of all persons in every place under
the Constitution and the laws, and the equal
rights of the States"—why does he say that if
he meant that you should impose one oath on
Georgia and another on Virginia and Ohio?
I wish to say further that the act of recon
struction, which underlies this entire legisla-
tion, which was passed on the 2d of March
1867, and which on its face applies to Georgia,
enjoined upon the Legislatures only the oath of
qualification required by the third section of
the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. If you are
going to apply all the oaths arising under the
reconstruction laws, do you propose to apply
the oath that had regard to the qualification
of voters? The President meant no such
thing. I dismiss it, therefore, and say no
more about it.
I have said that this bill offers protection to
no human being, except simply to the Legisla-
ture in meeting and taking their seats. That pro-
tection is extended to them already by your
laws. Your act of the 2d of March, 1867, is in
full force in Gaorgia to-day. General Terry, an
honorable, upright, and true man, who proved
himself such in the war for the Union, is this
day by authority of the law the military com-
mander of the department of Georgia, and by
its express language he is charged with the doty
of protecting all persons in their rights of per-
son and property, of bringing to trial and to
judgment all criminals, and of intervening to
stay the hand of the civil authorities in Georgia
whenever it niay be necessary to subject offend-
ers to trial by military tribunal. I refer to the
text of that law:
"Sun 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
the duty of the President to assign to the command
of each of said districts an officer of the Army not
below the rank of brigadier general, to iletail a
sufficient military force to enable s°eh officer to per-
form his duties and enforce his authority within the
district to which ho is assigned.
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
the duty of each officer assigned as aforesaid to pro-
tect all persons in their rights ofperson and property,
to suppress insurrection, disorder, and violence, ana
to punish or cause to be_punished all disturbers oi
the public peace and criminals; and to this end ho
may allow local civil tribunals to take jurisdiction
of and to try offenders, or, when in his judgment it
may be necessary for the trial of offenders, he shall
have power to organize military commissions or tri-
bunals for that purpose; and all interference under
color of State authority with the exercise of military
authority under this act shall be null and void.
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all persons
Sut under military arrest by virtue of this act shall
e tried without unnecessary delay, and no cruel or
unusual punishment shall be inflicted; and no sen-
tence of any military commission or tribunal hereby
authorized affecting the life or liberty of any person
shall be executed until it is approved by the officer
in command of the district, and tho laws and regu-
lations for the government of the Army shall not bo
affected by this act, except in so far a3 they conflict
with its provisions."
Sir, I stand by that law; and in that wise I
dispose of this cry to pass this bill in post-
haste lest somebody may be murdered. Why.
sir, if the bill proposed to afford additional
protection to property and life, whether the
persons to be protected w-ere members of t he
Legislature or not, I would stand for it. But
it is no such bill; and with this remark I dis-
miss that part of the subject. .
I wish to say further, in passing, that this
bill, for the first time in the history of the
American Republic, lays at the feet of the
Executive of a State the power at his pleas-
ure to enforce or dispense with a national act.
The bill puts the Governor of Georgia above
all the people and their laws. The honorable
gentleman who represents the committee in
the haste of speech on yesterday made the re-
mark that the Governor is compelled by the
bill to convene the Legislature forthwith. Sir,
there is no such provision in the bill. He is
compelled forthwith to make his proclamation
for the convening of the Legislature on a day
certain to be named by him. I quote the lan-
guage of the bill, "to be named m said proc-
lamation." He may name a day before or
after the third Wednesday of January ; he may
name the third Wednesday of February, or the
third Wednesday of April, or the third Wednes-
day pf next December, and you cannot gain-
say it.
The bill, sir, is not worthy of a moment's
consideration in the House of the Representa-
tives of the people, and for one, no matter what
party dictation may say, I stand here to declare
that I shall record my vote against it. It does
not become the Representatives of the people
to be dragooned in any such manner into legis-
lation which touches not merely the rights of
the people of Georgia, but touches the rights
or all the people of this Republic.
I deny, sir, the right of Congress to lay the
executive power of a national law at the feet
of a State official to be exercised or denied at
his pleasure in his discretion. I know not, sir,
by what title Governor Bullock or any other
Governor of any State comes here to demand
any such thing at our hands. I know that by
the literal language of this bill—and I challenge
any man to gainsay it—this Legislature is to be
forthwith summoned to meet on a day certain
to be named by the Governor, not by us. Why,
sir, if there is anvthing settled under the Con
stitution of the United States this is settled .
