1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2539
or tribe of Indians through whoso lands said rail-
road may p'ass, subject to the approval of the United
States, or from any company or parties incorporated
or authorized for such purposes by such nation or
tribe, or which such parties may have acquired under
the laws of the United States."
It is manifestly a total mistake to say that
lliat section merely covers the right of way.
Mr. POMEROY. In this very case Mr.
Browning held that it could only grant the
right of way and land for depot purposes. That
is land necessary for the railroad.
Mr. CASSERLY. Why, sir, land for rail-
road purposes may be land to build a railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. Not necessarily.
Mr. CASSERLY. I cannot help what Mr.
Browning may have decided. It is so entirely
plain on the face of it that the broadest pos-
sible language has been employed that no man
can resist the inference from the language
itself. This railroad company is authorized to
do what the Senate of the United States is in
the habit of doing, regulating the matter of
extinguishing the Indian title by treaty, and
i.tiat power is vested in this railroad company
unlimited in extent except that the land thus
acquired shall be for railroad purposes.
Mr. POMEROY. Only from tribes that
have been authorized by Congress to do so.
Mr. NYE. I wish to call the honorable
Senator's attention to one fact. If he will turn
back one page he will find the fac simile of
this law, excepting a change of the name of
the corporation. Both bills were drawn by
one hand. One was passed on the 25th and
the other on the 26th of July, 1806. Both were
passed in the same way, and if the honorable
Senator can tell mo any reason why one road
should be subjected to a different process in
"fitting their title from the other I should like
to hear it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the ques-
tion is whether the Senate is willing to permit
any railroad company to deal with these Indians
for their lands, subject only to the approval of
the President; whether Congress is prepared
to relinquish its supervisory control over this
subject. That is the question. It is not a
question, I repeat, merely of the right of way ;
and I am surprised that any Secretary of the
Interior should have so decided. The argu-
ment is nearly irresistible on the other side,
as it seems to me. " Railroad purposes "—a
thousand purposes may be imagined beyond
the mere right oi way. I think it is a misfor-
tune that such a proposition as this should be
brought up when the Senate is so exceedingly
thin; but I trust the resolution will not pass
in its present shape.
Mr. NYE. I have only a single word to say.
I am notgoingto discuss this question, because
I am under obligations not to do so. If the
honorable Senator can discover any process
by which he can make the Senate fuller than
it is at present I should be glad to see him do
it. The fact is that this company entered into
their arrangements and contracts expecting to
be able to do precisely what a kindred com-
pany by its side did; and if the policy is now
to be changed I should like to hear some better
reason for it than has yet been rendered.
There exists a necessity for immediate action
on this subject. - In answer to the honorable
Senator as to the right of way, it is enough for
me to say that that is the construction the De-
partment have given it and do give it, and
there can be no evil results following the pas-
sage of this resolution.
The amendment of Mr. Pojieroy was
agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. How did this resolution
come up at this time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will one objection put
it over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to
a demand for the regular order by any Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I call for the reg-
ular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the joint resolution in relation to the
Northern Pacific railroad, upon which the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] is entitled
to the floor.
enrolled bills signed. .
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1123) to remove political
disabilities from Francis E. Shober, of North
Carolina ;
A bill (S. No. 349) for the relief of Samuel
F. Butterworth and others;
A bill (S. No. 066) to compensate Mrs.
Fannie Kelly for important services ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) to authorize
the reappointment of William Pollard in the
engineer corps of the United States Navy; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 158) for the
relief of Brigadier General Gabriel R. Paul,
of the United States Army.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads:
A bill (II. R. No. 810) to amend an act passed
July 20, 1836, entitled " An act to change the
organization of the Post Office Department;"
A bill (H. R. No. 1G91) for the relief of
Timothy Baker, of St. John, Michigan; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 128) for the
relief of George \V. Keyes.
The bill (II. R. No. 876) to perpetuate tes-
timony in the courts of the United States was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-'
mittee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 85) for the
relief of Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln,
and for the withholding of moneys from tribes
of Indians holding American captives,was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
NOUTIIKK.il PACIFIC KAILWAV.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 121) authorizing the Northern
Pacilic Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road, and to secure
the same by mortgage, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Wilson,
which was to insert after the word "branch,"
id the thirtieth line, the following:
And the additional alternate sections of land
hereby granted by this resolution shall be sold by
tho company only to actual settlersinquantitiesnot
cxceedmg ono hundred and sixty acres, or quarter
section, to anyone settler, and at prices not exceed-
ing $2 50 per acre.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, when I had
the honor of addressing the Senate last Thurs-
day on the pending measure I attempted to
show that there was no necessity for the first
provision in the joint resolution, unless it was
the purpose of the authors of the proposition
to enable the company to mortgage lands in
advance of the construction of their road, it
was admitted in that discussion that the com-
pany could now mortgage all its existing rights,
its right of way, its franchises, all 1he property
that it now owns, under the existing statute.
.The proposition, therefore, must be construed
to mean, if it means anything, that the com-
pany shall have the authority to mortgage lands
in advance of the construction of its road; so
that if the company should fail to build the road
and pay the lenders of money to the company,
the latter would have recourse on these lands
to secure payment. If this is not the meaning
of the first clause of this joint resolution it is
meaningless aud useless.
The second clause confers on this company
the right to build a branch road from some
point on the trunk line to Puget sound, which
is to my miad objectionable.
The third clause proposes to enlarge the
grant, and it is to that point that I more par-
ticularly propose to invite the attention of the
Senate. I attempted to show heretofore that
this grant was now large enough; the grant
being twice as large in quantity as that which
has usually been made to other railroad com-
panies within the State of Minnesota and four-
fold as large across the Territories.
It was said, however, and may be maintained
in the future, that these lands are not very
valuable. In reply to that permit me to remark
that other roads across the State of Minnesota
are in progress of construction under grants of
land much smaller than this. Since the close
of the discussion last Thursday I have been
informed by an officer having in charge the
construction of the road from St. Paul to Lake
Superior, a company having a grant, if I
remember correctly, (and if I am not correct
in my memory the honorable Senator from
Minnesota can correct me,) just one half the
amount of that possessed by this company 
Mr. RAMSEY. It is about that.
Mr. HARLAN. Five alternate sections on
each side of the road, if I remember correctly.
That road is in progress of construction, side
by side with tho line of this company's road,
and, as I was about to remark, a gentleman
who is, I believe, an officer of that company,
formerly an honored member of this body, told
me that they expected to have the road in run-
ning order by the 1st of next July; and he was
polite enough to invite me to visit him and take
a ride over the road.
What is true iu relation to that company in
the State of Minnesota is true of various other
lines of road in that State, extending in differ-
ent directions across it. 1 speak on this sub-
ject from information about which there can
be no doubt, for a number of these roads con-
nect with lines running through and across the
State of Iowa. The grant of those roads is but
five sections to the mile on each side of the
road, being ten to the mile in all. Now, if
those companies having iu hand the construc-
tion of other lines of road across the State of
Minnesota are able to build them with a sub-
sidy in lands of ten sections to the mile, can
it be pretended that this company cannot
construct that part of their road which lies in
the State of Minnesota with just double that
amount which they now have under the exist-
ing law?
It may be said that the line of the road of this
company lies north of the location of the roads
under the control of those other companies. 1
am not personally conversant with the charac-
ter of the land in that part of Minnesota; but
judging from the climatic influences, about
which there cannot bo a great mistake, the
land must grow more fertile as you extend up
north in the State of Minnesota, for you come
nearer the line of a long chain of lakes that
must furnish the humidity of the atmosphere
that will produce showers and a fertile coun-
try. It seems to me there can be, therefore,
no mistake about the ability of the company to
construct that part of the road lying within the
limits of the State of Minnesota on the grant
which they now have, which is just double in
quantity the land granted to other companies
in the same State, under which they are suc-
ceeding in the construction of their roads.
Thus I dispose of the first two or three hun-
dred miles of this line ; and that brings me to
the consideration of the quantity granted to
aid them in the construction of the road across
the Territories. West of the western border of
the State of Minnesota this company is now
entitled by existing law to forty sections of
land per mile; that is, one half of all the land
in a strip eighty miles in width. This is the
largest grant that ever had been made up to
the passage of this act to any railroad company.
If the company could be enabled to build a
road by a land subsidy of any kind, as I at-
tended to show on Thursday, they can with
the existing grant, unless indeed these lands
