1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
581
41st Cong..,. 2d Sess.
Naturalization—Mr. Thurman.
Senate.
burglar, or an assassin from Europe, as to
brand them as perjurers, as'you do by this bill
brand them in mass, brand them in gross.
Now, sir, what is the reason that is given for
this bill? Not one reason have I heard except
the extremely declamatory speech of my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Drake] the other day
about the frauds in New York city; and
although he made that speech he had the good
sense to see that the bill which is now before
us—I mean the substitute of the Judiciary
Committee of this body—was so enormous
that it ought not to be passed, and he proposed
a substitute far better, I am willing to admit,
than the bill which is now under considera-
tion, although in my judgment liable to insu-
perable objections. But what was the whole
burden of his speech? Frauds in the city of
New York. There is nothing in the world
easier to disprove than that accusation.
I do not pretend to say that there may not
be frauds in naturalization in New York and
elsewhere. I am not prepared to say that
there may not be election frauds there, as
there are elsewhere ; but that the city of New
York is the Sodom and Gomorrah which is
represented, this utter sink of iniquity, this
thing against which the people must take up
arms, according to the Senator from Missouri,
I utterly deny. What is the idea of the Sen-
ator from Missouri ? It is that the Republican
party are beaten in the city of New York by
fraud. Let me tell the Senator, it is because
they have not enough votes that they are
beaten. Let me tell the Senator that accord-
ing to population, and I defy him to the cal-
culation—we have the statistics in all the
Almanacs, the World Almanac, the Tribune
Almanac, the Herald Almanac—the city of
New York casts fewer votes in proportion to
population than any city in the Union.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to give him a word of explanation of
that statement of his?
Mr. THURMAN. With great pleasure.
Mr. D RAKE. The reason of it is that there
are thousands and tens of thousands of citizens
of the United States, honest voters, who are
kept from the polls in the city of New York
by the possession of those polls by the rowdies
who control that city.
Mr. THURMAN." That is a pretty idea to
assert here, that the city of New York cannot
protect itself; that the city of New York, which
sustained its municipal government in shoot-
ing down American citizens to protect a play
actor, cannot protect its polls 1
Mr. DRAKE. That was twenty-live years
ago.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; and twenty-
five years ago there was just as much cry about
frauds in New York city as there is now.
Mr. DRAKE. Not by a good deal.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir. A city that
sustained its mayor in shooting down, by the
military, American citizens in the street to pro-
tect an English play actor is, forsooth, so de-
based that it will not protect its own elective
franchise! The idea is preposterous.
But again, sir, for about ten years the Radi-
cal party has had the police of the city of New
York under its complete control—not ap-
pointed, not elected by the people of the city
at all. but appointed directly or indirectly by
the Governor of the State, and he, for th e most
part of the time, a Radical. How is it that
that police have allowed the people to be de-
terred from the polls? Sir, it is not true.
J say again this pretenseof fraudulent voting
in New York will not do : for here is the fact
staring you in the face, that in proportion to
her population she casts fewer votes than any
city in the Union.
l>ul. this is not all. How many votes do the
Republican party get in the city of New York ?
At the last election the whole vote in that ciiy in
round numbers was, as I am told, one hundred
and four thousand. How many Republican
votes were there among these one hundred
and four thousand? Only twenty-two thou-
sand, I am told. That is the reason you do not
carry the city of New York; you have not votes
enough. It is not the fraudulent voting at all;
because if that was the case the number of
votes there in proportion to population would
be greater than in Philadelphia; but the truth
is it is less, considerable less.
Mr. DRAKE. But what was the Republican
vote there in 1864?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator will find that
it was very largely above the vote which he has
just given.
Mr. THURMAN. That only proves how
your party is falling to pieces. The people are
leaving you. They will not Vote for you any
more.
Mr. DRAKE. The difficulty about that, if
the Senator please, is this: while there is a
decrease of the Republican vote since 1864
there, he will find there is not a corresponding
increase in the Democratic vote.
Mr. THURMAN. There has been a very
large increase since 18G4 in the Democratic
vote; and as New York, I repeat, does not
castas many votes, in proportion to population,
as any other city in the Union, and as you are
falling off all the while and we are increasing
all the while, I think light has broken in on
the minds of the people of New York, and the
sun of Democracy is rising there once more.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir, the light is coming
in from the South upon New York.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg the Senator not to
interrupt me any more. 1 did not intend to
make a party speech on this subject. I do
not intend to make a party speech. I am only
showing that the pretense for this bill has no
existence; that New York is not justly subject
to any such charges as are made against her.
Why, sir, there may have been fraudulent natu-
ralization papers there; and I dare say there
have been. I recollect very well that in an
examination a few years ago that fact was fas-
tened very completely on certain Republican
managers; and for aught I know it maybe
fastened upon Democratic managers, too. The
one party has been as guilty as the other in
that, perhaps. Any proper measure that will
fairly and properly prevent such frauds will
receive my hearty support, but not a measure
which, under the pretext of correcting frauds
in the city of New York, attacks every natural-
ized citizen throughout the length and breadth
of the United States, and iusults and outrages
every man whom you have invited to your
shores.
Again, sir, New York has a population of
about twelve hundred thousand. That popu-
lation ought to give her a voting population of
two hundred thousand. What is the highest
vote that a Republican ever received in the
city ol'New York? 1 believe the highest vote
was that for Mr. Greeley when he ran for comp-
troller, or some State office. I may be mis
taken in that. The Senator from New York
knows better than I do. I should be glad to
be corrected if I am wrong.
Mr. CONKL1NG. It was not the highest.
Mr. THURMAN. What was the highest?
Mr. CONKIJNG. I cannot tell you now.
Mr. THURMAN. It was the highest in
recent times, I think. Mr. Greeley's vote was
in round numbers, if my recollection is correct,
thirty-nine thousand; General Grant's vote,
thirty-seven thousand. Here in a population
that ought to give, that could give nearly two
hundred thousand legal votes, you have not
reached forty thousand ; and yet it is said that
the Radical pariy is overthrown in the eitv ot
New York because of frauds! No, sir; it is
irom want of votes. And in respect to the
last election, there is another striking fact
which I commend to the attention of my friend
from Missouri, namely, that the Democratic
party had a large majority outside of the city
of New York, in the State of New York. So
much for that pretext.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to take this
bill up somewhat in detail. Although Iknow
how tedious and wearisome it is to consider a
bill in detail, yet I must do it in order to show
what a complete revolution it makes in our nat-
uralization laws; and when I say the bill, I
mean the substitute reported from the Judi-
ciary Committee. Whatisthe first section? The
first section is noticeable for this : that instead
of allowing, as the law has allowed ever since
1790, an alien to become naturalized m a State
court, it takes away from every State court,
from the highest to the lowest, all power or
jurisdiction over this subject, and confers it
upon whom? Confersit upon the circuiteourts
and the district courts of the United States and
the registers in bankruptcy. The first thing that
strikes one in respect to that is, that it is a
declaration by Congress that the State courts
are unworthy of trust. Not content withiusult-
ing the aliens, here is a direct insult thrown
into the face of the State courts from the high-
est court to the lowest.
If there are inferior State courts in which
frauds are committed the natural remedy would
be to take away their jurisdiction; but to say that
the supreme court of New York, the court of
appeals of New York, the district courts of
Ohio, the courts ot common pleas of Ohio, the
circuit courts of Virginia and Kentucky, and
the like courts in other States cannot be trusted
with the subjectof naturalization, is to say that
the judges who sit in those courts are corrupt
men and unworthy to hold the seats they occupy.
It is a direct insult to every one of those courts.
Congress is asked to declare that a little regis-
ter in bankruptcy ; a little ministerial fellow
appointed by the district judge ; some obscure
lawyer, and generally he is a very obscure one
outside of the big cities, some lawyer who can-
not get practice enough to make bis profession
profitable, and therefore has to seek office—to
declare that this little ministerial man thus
appointed by a district judge is more worthy
of credit, more worthy to be trusted than the
highest State court that is to be found in the
Republic. Was there ever anything more
absurd ?
But, sir, I have said that this is a bill to
deter naturalization. How'does it deter it?
Let us look at this very first section. There
is not an organized county in the United States
that does not contain a court of record before
which an alien may be naturalized ; but now
this bill proposes to limit the power of natural-
ization to the circuit and district courts of the
United States and to these registers in bank-
ruptcy. We know that the circuit or district,
court is not held in more than two places in a
State, and in some of them in only one place,
•with the exception of two or three States where
there are three districts, and the court is held
in three places. But in most of the States the
district court of the United States is held in
only two places. Take my own State. There is a
district court held in the extreme northern part
of the State, at, the city of Cleveland ; another
in the extreme southwestern part of the Stale,
in the city of Cincinnati. If these persons are
to go before the circuit and district courts of
the United States, they may have to travel
three hundred miles to get to the place where
they must make their application. That is the
effect of it, so far as the courts are concerned.
Besides, we know that these courts have no
time to attend to this matter of naturalization,
if it were devolved upon them. What then?
Then jou have the registers in bankruptcy,
llow many of them are there? Your law pi o-
vides foi one in every congressional district of
