284.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
that whatever rights are conferred, whatever
duties are enjoined under the Constitution of
the United States upon the Government of the
United States they are to be executed, put in
force, carried out by its own executive, legis-
lative, or judicial officers without asking the
consent or concurrence of any man of any State
exercising the functions of a State official.
Mr. Speaker, in reading this bill I have
deemed it-my duty to take counsel from that
grand intellect who for lonj* years by his learn-
ing, by the purity and dignity of his life, shed
luster upon the highest judicial tribunal not
only of pur own country but of the civilized
, world. In consulting what he said touching
this question of the obligation and the right
of this Government to execute its own law's
through its own officials I find Justice Story
using this language:
" Thenatur&l if not the necessary conclusion is that
the national Government, in the absence of all posi-
tive provisions to tho contrary, is bound"—
Not authorized, but bound—
''through its own proper departments, legislative,
judicial, or cxccutive, as tho case may require, to
carry into cffect. all tho rights and duties imposed
upon it by tho Constitution."
The duty is imposed upon the Congress of
tho United States by the Constitution to pro-
vide securities for property and life in the
insurgent States until- they shall be restored to
their representative powers in the Union of the
States. This duty being imposed upon Con-
gress, it is bound, in the words of Story, to
execute its laws through the officials of the
United States.
Why, sir, suppose this official of Georgia saw
fit not to summon the Legislature of Georgia
for a twelvemonth, what remedy have you ?
There is no sanction in this bill, sir, that will
compel him to discharge that duty. There is
no penalty in it to operate upon him. It is
left to his discretion ; and if there bo anything
nettled_ in law it is that where discretionary
power is conferred by law the party exercising
it is not to be challenged afterward.
Sir, I cannot consent, no matter what tho
pressure of party may bo, to stultify myself.
Look through your reconstrnction acts, and in
every one of them you devolve the duty upon
officers of the United States Army to carry into
effect their various provisions, subjecting them
to the innumerable penalties of the Articles of
War in ease of disobedience of orders issued
under and iu pursuance of tho laws. Finally,
under a recusant President, in order that the
law might not fail of execution, you transferred
<he power to the then General of the Army,
now President of the whole people, lifted by
their suffrage to the Chief Magistracy of the
Union.
Am I to be told that the President has asked
the Congress of the United Stales in his mes-
sage to pass this law? f deny it, sir; lie has
asked no such thing. I know he has recom-
mended that without delay you shall authorize
the Governor of Georgia to convene the Legis-
lature. That is not this bill; it is not in his
recommendation. General G rant did not mean
by the words " without delay " that Congress
should make and without deliberation pass a
bill however much in conflict with the spirit of
the Constitution, with the traditions of tho Re-
public, and with the written laws of the Ameri-
can people, lest perchance somebody may say
that somebody else would get an advantage by
the assembling of the Legislature of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that on a subject so
grave and so important as this I am compelled to
speak with such haste and without the delib-
eration that the subject itself demands ; but so
it is, and I bow to the requirements of the
moment.
It is said that this action is only in order to
secure the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment. Allow me to say that there is in my
judgment nothing which human ingenuity could
contrive so likely to lead to the defeat of that
great, just, and righteous measure as the enact-
ment of such a law as this. Why. sir. what is
the fact? The house of representatives in
Georgia ratified that amendment before its
adjournment. That ratification was postponed
in the senate. By whom? By the direct inter-
vention and votes of our own friends, by Gov-
ernor Bullock and others, until January next.
Gentlemen say if they meet in January they
will not complete what they have begun. It
has been finished in tho house and only sus-
pended in the senate by the vote of our own
friends. Do gentlemen say they will not trust
ourown friends, and especially our friends who
have followed the advice of Governor Bullock ?
Let us try, and if they refuse after their pledge,
as I claim to have been given by the joint res-
olution whatever may have been said to the
contrary, to obey the decision of the supreme
judiciary of their own State to reinstate the
colored citizens, then we will have additional
reason for intervening in the affairs of Georgia.
In the mean time any bill you may introduce
charging with its execution officers of the Army
of the United States for the protection of life,
liberty, and property in Georgia I am ready
to support; but this bill, sir, cannot command
my support, atleast without some amendment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one word more. I have
remarked the act of 18G7 has made the only
limitation on the qualification of members of
the Legislature in Georgia those specified in
the fourteenth article of amendment. This
bill superadds qualifications.
Before I take my seat, as the Chair signifies
that the sands of the time allotted to me have
run out, I desire to move that tho further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until the
third Wednesday of January next, which is
precisely one week after the meeting of the
Legislature of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I do not call the previous ques-
tion, on the suggestion you made, in the hope
that tho gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] after he shall have spoken, will allow
me to have a vote on the motion to postpone.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the motion to postpone will be tho first one
voted on when tho hour of three arrives.
TUB CHRISTMAS reohss.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to yield the floor to the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Niblack,] who has a resolution
to submit which it is necessary to move now.
Mr. NIBLACK. I offer the following con-
current resolution for adoption :
Reaolved 6?/ tile Jlouae of JlcprcBcntativeft, (tlso Sen-
ate conourring,) That tho recess provided for by tlie
concurrent votes of the two Houses, and to commence
on tho 22<l instant, be, and is hcioby, extended from
Wednesday, the f>th, tojMouday, thelOth day of Jan-
uary nexi.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The resolution may come
upas a question of privilege, after the pending
bill is disposed of; but it cannot be proceeded
with now without unanimous consent.
UKCON STRUCT JON 01' GEORGIA—-AGAIN.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
wortii] fifteen minutes.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I feel
compelled to support the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham, ] to postpone
the consideration of this bill, and, in default of
that motion succeeding, I shall be constrained
to vote against the bill.
I know it is said that this bill has passed
the Senate with great unanimity,.so far as the
Republican party is concerned. That is an
argument worth more or less as it may strike
differently the minds of different gentlemen.
To me it is not an argument sufficiently cogent
to compel me to vote in opposition to my own
judgment.
Mr. Speaker, the Congress of the United
States on the 26th of-June, 1868, passed an act
to admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Louisiana, Alabama, and
r ioriaa to representation in Congress. I was '
a member of the Committee on Reconstruction
and assisted in the framing of that act. It
declared that those States had adopted consti-
tutions republican in form, and it declared that
whep the Legislature of any of those States
should have ratified the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution, and by a solemn legislative
act declared its acceptance of such funda-
mental conditions as were incorporated in this
act, the State should be admitted. One of the
conditions was that the State should not amend
its constitution or pass any law with the view
of depriving any of its citizens of the right to
vote who were entitled to vote under its con-
stitution. There were some other conditions,
with which it is not worth while taking up the
time of the House.
Among the provisions of the constitution of
Georgia thus approved by Congress was one
providing what oath the Legislature of Georgia
should take. It is not claimed that the mem-
bers of the Georgia Legislature have not taken
that oath, the oath which was prescribed by
act of Congress. The Legislature took that
oath, ratified the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution, and by solemn legislative act did
declare its assent to the fundamental conditions
which were incorporated in the act of Congress
as part of the conditions on which the State
should be admitted. The State of Georgia,
therefore, complied in letter and in spirit with
every word of the act of Congress which pro-
vided for its admission.
At the time the Legislature convened there
was some ■ correspondence between General
Meade, who was in command of that district,
and\tho Governor-elect, Mr. Bullock, with re-
spect to the qualifications of members. And I
desire here to call the attention of the House of
Representatives to that correspondence, with-
out attempting to read it, for my fifteen min-
utes would not ^dmit of reading it in extenso.
I will state that it was complained by the Gov-
ernor to the general commanding that some
members of the house and senate were admit-
ted to seats who were disqualified by the four-
teenth amendment. Thegeneral communicated
a dispatch which had some time before been
sent to the Governor of Louisiana by the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee of the House,
(Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,) by Mr. Butlee, of
Massachusetts, by Mr. Paixe, of Wisconsin,
and myself, to the effect that the only oath that
could be administered to a Legislature was the
oath prescribed by their constitution, and which
had been approved by Congress; while it was
at the same time intimated that it was incum-
bent on the Legislature to purge itself of all
the members who were ineligible under the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution. Gen-
eral Meade directed that the Legislature should
act with reference to that amendment, and
purge itself of the members who were not
qualified. A committee was appointed in both
houses of the Legislature of Georgia, to whom
the_ subject was referred. The committee ex-
amined the question with reference to every
member against whom it was charged that he
was not eligible ; and it made a report to each
1 house, both a majority and a minority report,
the majority report declaring, I think, that there
was no one ineligible, and tlie minority report
declaring that there were several ineligible,
part of whom had been relieved of their dis-
abilities^ by act of Congress. The houses of
the Legislature of Georgia adopted that report
which declared that none of the members were
ineligible.
Mr. Speaker, who in the House of Represent-
atives doubts that the Legislature of Georgia
had aright to investigate that subject; not only
that they had the right, but that it was their
duty, m accordance with the instructions of
General Meade, to make this investigation ?
. ^PY>. Mr. Speaker, with reference to the
ineligibility of these members, I wish to say to
the House that neither this House nor the
Reconstruction Committee had an3' evidence
before thetn—and what I mean by evidence is
such evidence as would be admissible in u court
