5372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
of Alabama, and such has universally been
the sentiment expressed in his behalf by the
loyal men of the South, many of whom are
intimately acquainted with the facts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair in regard to that amendment;
and it is this: whether a vote of two thirds of
the Senate is necessary in order to adopt an
amendment, two thirds being required to
remove legal disabilities ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill can
be amended by a majority vote; but it cannot
be passed without a two-thirds vote.
Mr. RICE. The clerk of the committee in
making up the bill has inserted a variety of
names of men who are citizens of Arkansas
under the head of " Alabama." I wish to have
those names transferred to the appropriate
heading of the State of Arkansas, together with
the counties following. I will move the amend-
ment and furnish the Secretary with the names.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to, and the
Senator will furnish the Clerk with the names
lie desires placedunderthehead of "Arkansas"
which are now under the head of "Alabama."
Mr. SUMNER. There is a name with regard
to which I certainly wish to have some inform-
ation. It is on page 8, line one hundred and
seventy-three, under the head of "Arkansas"—
Robert W. Johnson. I should like to know
who he is.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the honorable Sen-
ator will wait until we can make several correc-
tions and amendments in the bill, there are
some protests against that name and other
names; and I intend at the proper time to pre-
sent the fact to the Senate. The names of
some former members of Congress are here.
I intend to inform the Senate of that fact at the
proper time, and let the Senate take such action
as they may deem proper upon them.
Mr. SUMNER. Who is Robert W. Johnson ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. He was formeily Uni-
ted States Senator from Arkansas. I intended
to notify the Senate of that fact before the bill
was passed. There are some other names to
which I intend also to call attention.
Mr. SUMNER. How does he get into the
bill?
Mr. ROBERTSON. By his own petition,
and recommended by Senator McDonald.
Mr. SUMNER. We have already refused
to relieve Mr. Nicholson.
Mr. MORTON. Was Mr. Johnson here at
the time of the rebellion?
Mr. SUMNER. He was here, and very
bitterly here.
Mr. MORTON. Was he one of the men
who went out?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. ROBERTSON; I will state to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that I intended to pre-
sent that fact to the Senate at the proper time,
and shall do so.
Mr. SUMNER. I think his name had better
be struck out.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will present that ques-
tion to the Senate as soon as we get through
with the other amendments.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out the
name of Robert W. Johnson, in line one hun-
dred and seventy-three.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the Senator if
he will not consent to withdraw that motion
for a moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to offer an
amendment, to insert the names of some ob-
scure citizens who have never held high posi-
tions, and who are recommended by the Sen-
ators of the different States from which they
come.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the amend-
ment reported from the committee ?
Mr ROBERTSON.^ It is not. Their peti-
tions ha-^e been received since the bill was
printed. I am assured that they are good citi-
zens ; that they have never held any high pub-
lic positions, and they have the indorsement
of the Senators from their States. I ask the
Clerk to read the names.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert the following names :
Virginia.—Jesso E. Adams, Amherst county; Wil-
liam h. Bont, Frederick county; C. T. Crittenden,
Culpepper.
Georgia.—David Irwin, Cobb county; John Jj.
Dumble, Indian Spring; James I'rierson, Clarke
county.
Arkansas.■— John J. Stormes, Newton county;
Thomas D. Berry, lYanldin county; Jordan Wood-
ward, Montgomery county; El is ha Meers, Johnson
county; William Moors, Johnson county; Nathan
M.Howard, Johnson county; John Chitwood. John-
son county; Jesso Overton, Clark county; George
Haddock, Clark county.
Alabama— John A. Bather, Colbert county; Wil-
liam A. Womblo, Colbert county; G. T. Deason, Jef-
ferson county; Lewis E. Parsons, Talladega county;
John K. Mix, Talladega county ; Thomas B. Mitch-
ell, Perry county; W.ll.Thornton, Tall ndega county;
3). A. Perryrnan, Randolph county; W. A. Welcn,
Randolph county; W.H.Spruico, Randolph county;
W. II. Benton, Clay county.
Wyott II. Woods, Ucard county. Georgia; Jeptlia
W. Stcll, Gonzales,Texas; P.lI.Whetstone,Autauga
county, Alabama; Georgo AV". Benson, Autauga
county, Alabama; Thomas W. Stadier, Autauga
county, Alabama; A. W. McNeil, Autauga county,
Alabama; Charles Cole, Autauga county, Alabama;
L. P. Parker, Autauga county, Alabama.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether the amend-
ment that I submitted to him yesterday has been
sent to the Clerk and reported to the Senate ?
If it has, I have not heard it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It has been.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that those names have been in-
serted.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There have been pro-
tests received against relieving several persons
who are named in this bill, and I shall there-
fore propose to amend the bill by striking out
the names of those persons. On page 1 of the
bill, line twelve, I move to strike out the name
of"N. A. Agee," of Alabama.
Mr. HOWARD. Why?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Bccause a protest has
been received againstrelieving him, which pro-
test is deemed satisfactory by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 2, line nine-
teen, under the head of Alabama, I move to
strike out the name of " T. C. Brewer, Monroe
county."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 2, line thirty-
three, I movo to strike out " Jtl. C. Chamber-
lin, Mobile."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 3, line forty-
one, I move to strike out "W. II. Edwards,
Blount county."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 3, line fifty,
I move to strike out "L. Gibbon, Mobile."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 3, lines sixty,
sixty-one, and sixty-three, I move to strike out
the names "Thomas Ii. Herndon, Mobile;
W. J. Haralson, De Ivalb county; W. B. How-
ard, Alabama."
Mr. SPENCER. I will state in reference
to W. J. Haralson, that his disabilities were
removed three or four years ago, and his name
is in the bill through a mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 4, line seventy-
seven, I move to strike out " Levi W. Lawler,
Mobile."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 5, line one
hundred and ten, I move to strike out the name
"B. L. Posey, Mobile."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 6, line one
hundred and thirty-seven, I move to stoke out
the name "C. E. Thomas, Mobile."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call the attention of the Senator from South
Carolina to the name in line one hundred and
twenty-five. William R. Smith was a Repre-
sentative in the other House, and at the time
was a strong Union man and a very witty man.
I am a little surprised to find that he was in
the rebellion; but the fact that he was a mem-
ber of the other House ought to be known to
the Senate.
Mr. SPENCER._ I take great pleasure in
answering the inquiries of the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont. William R. Smith repre-
sented the fourth district of Alabama in three
Congresses, until the 4th of March, 1857. He
was a member of the secession convention,
voted against the ordinance of secession, and
refused to sign it. He was one of the strong-
est and stanchest Union men we had in Ala-
bama. After the breaking out of the rebellion
he was the colonel of a regiment for a short
time. Since the war he has'been one of the
most consistent men we have. While not dab-
bling in politics, he is certainly a very unob-
jectionable man; so much so that the board of
regents of our State university, which is com-
posed, I believe, entirely of Republicans, last
week elected him president of the State uni-
versity.
Mr. HOWARD. That is enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 7, line one
hundred and fifty-six, I move to strike out the
name "John Anthony Winslow, MobiL."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 8, line one
hundred and seventy, under the head of Arkan-
sas, I move to strike out the name "Lycurgus
Johnson, Chicot county."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I observe in this bill the
names "R. M. Johnson" and "Robert W.
Johnson," of Arkansas. Which is the former
Senator?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Robert W.
Johnson.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have not reached
that case yet. On page 8, line one hundred
and sixty-eight, there is a typographical error.
The name is printed "Loni George." It
should be "Louis George."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Now, on page S, line
one hundred and seventy-three, I move to
strike out the name "Robert W. Johnson, Jef-
ferson county." ["Questionl" "Question!"]
Mr. McDONALD. I desire to say a word
on that before it is stricken out. I have known
Mr. Robert W. Johnson ever since I have beei<
in Arkansas. Mr. Robert W. Johnson was not
one of those Senators who left their seats here.
He filled out his full terra in the United States
Senate. lie had refused to run for the next tern:,
and a successor had been elected. I believe
that no Senator on this floor who was here
with him at that time will take any umbrage at
his course while here. His conduct since the
war,^ in Arkansas, has been consistent in every
particular. He has been a good and worthy
citizen. lie has accepted the situation as fully
as any man could accept it under the circum-
stances. He has made his own petition and
appeal for relief, and it is as handsome a recog-
nition of the sense of the Senate, that a man
shall ask for his disabilities to be removed
before they shall be removed, as any maa could
make. I think there is no Republican in the
State of Arkansas to-day, except on the ground
that Mr. Johnson probably is not in strict polit-
ical harmony with the party, who would object
to his political disabilities being removed.
