3484
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Mr. VICKBRS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I am authorized to .si to
that the declaration just made by the Senator
in regard to the refusal of the Governor of
Indiana to certify the action of the Indiana
Legislature in ratifying the fifteenth amend-
ment is entirely erroneous. The Senator lias
been misinformed. I know that statement was
made in the papers, but it is not true. The
Governor never refused, was never called
upon, and would not have hesitated a moment
to certify it. The law of Indiana requires that
when an act is to be certified it shall be done
by the secretary of State; and the ratification
of the fifteenth amendment was accordingly
certified by the secretary of State. There was
no law of the State under which the Governor
could have appended his signature to it.
Mr. VICKERS. I made t he statement upon
the information of others.
Mr. MORTON. I know the statement has
been made in the press.
Mr. VICKERS. Of course I have no per-
sonal knowledge on the subject.
The fourteenth amendment was adopted by
thirty States, as reported by the Secretary of
State, there being thirty-six States and twenty-
seven beingthree fourths of the whole number;
but included in the thirty are the votes of North
Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, which
had previously rejected the amendment; New
Jersey, which withdrew her ratification ; and
Ohio which also withdrew her previous consent
to it. Included also in the list is Louisiana.
If a State cannot revoke her ratification because
the power once exercised is spent, how can a
State which has once refused to ratify after-
ward exert the power to confirm? Without,
however, relying upon such a distinction, if my
reasoning be correct, not one of the amend-
ments has been legally and constitutionally
adopted, and if they can once be brought un-
der the searching examination of a judicial
tribunal will, in my judgment, be determined
to be unconstitutional. .
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] in
pressing this bill with its odious features must
have changed considerably his sentiments in
reference to the negro and his capacity for par-
ticipation in government since December, 1865,
when a bill for the protection of freedmen was
before the Senate. In reference to the amend-
ment of the Constitution abolishing slavery,
and the power to enforce it by legislation, he
said: •
" The simple fuct that we possess the power, most
have a salutary effect in constraining the local
authorities to accord to the freedman his natural
rights."
' Again, the Senator Baid in the same speech:
"But we mast remember that prejudice it often
more powerful than reason, and that it often happens
that prejudice itself is founded in reason. If Ihis is
not a white mar's Government, one thing is certain,
that neither theblack man nor the red man has ever
rearod such a Government."
And in the same speech we find the following:
"This prejudice i3 not necessarily selfish or cruel,
but it may arise from an honest desire for the pres-
ervation of our own liberties, and the liberties of
the race whieh the war has made free. However this
may be, the fact still exists that few States in the
North have yet granted the right of suffrage in any
form to the colored men within their borders, al-
though those colored men are often educated, fre-
quently more enlightened, than some white men
among whom they reside."
He further said:
'" It may not be unjust for a people whose liberties
cab only be sustained by intelligence and virtue, to
pause and hesitate before they intrust those liberties
in the hands of four million unfortunate persons,
just emerged from the most degrading slavery, before
they shall have had an opportunity tolearn the prin-
ciples of that Government whose functions they are
oalled upon to perform,"
The Senator then recognized the prejudices
of race and color as justifiable, and that they
might be founded in reason; then he regarded
the Government as a white man's Government,
such as no black or red man had ever reared.
To-day we find the Senator advocating negro
suffrage, and the infliction of severe penalties
against the white man if he only attempts to
obstruot his free admission to the ballot-box!
Then he considered the want of intelligence
in the voter as a sufficient obstacle to his exer-
cising the privilege of suffrage. Now he deems
the importance of the negro vote to his party
so great that he is willing to enforce upon the
white race heavy punishments for attempting
to delay it. Then he was unwilling to intrust
the liberties of the country in the hands of
the illiterate African or the red man. Now
he is the champion of the colored man, and is
endeavoring to secure by harsh and rigorous
enactments that suffrage, which he previously
thought he was not qualified to exercise.
The third section of the amendment pro-
posed by the Judiciary Committee provides
that if a person fails to be registered by any
wrongful act or omission of the registration of-
ficer, he shall, upon his affidavit of the fact, and
of his being wrongfully prevented from being
registered, be entitled to vote at the election
notwithstanding, and imposes a fine and im-
prisonment on the judge of election who may
decline to take such vote; fine and imprison-
ment are also imposed upon the officers of
registration. The judges of election are not
appointed to examine into the Qualification of
voters; they are furnished with the lists of
registration, usually on the morning of the elec-
tion, and if a person offers to vote whose name
is not upon the list he is not permitted to vote,
although he may be a white man. All exam-
inations into the qualifications of voters are to
be made by the omoersof registration. A judge
of the election by this bill is required to com-
mit perjury by permitting one to vote who has
failed to satisfy the registration officers of his
right or qualification. The simple oath of the
person, without proof, is to subject the judge
of election to punishment if he declines to re-
ceive a ballot. He is not to examine into the
qualifications, but is to receive the ballot upon
the coere affidavit of an interested party whose
oath is to outweigh the oaths and obligations
of others.
The tenth section of the first article of the
Constitution of the United States prohibits the
States from entering into treatios or alliances,
granting letters of marque and reprisal, coining
money, emitting bills of credit, from making
anything but gold and silver coin a tender in
payment of debts, from passing ex post fcicto
laws or laws impairing the obligation of con-
tracts, and from granting titles of nobility.
But the comity due to the States, and the
respect to which they are entitled, have re-
strained Congress from passing enactments
of a penal character on those subjects, leaving
it to the courts to decide upon them as they
arise. But now Congress has so far pro-
gressed in revolutionizing the Government, in
changing its essential attributes and charac-
ter, and in trampling upon the rights of the
States, that it hesitates not to create statutes
of a character insulting, and degrading to the
American people. The new black element is
so important in the eyes of Republican poli-
ticians, and the white race hag become of such
secondary and inferior interest with them, that
the sensibilities, the pride, the honor, the sta-
tus, and the antecedents of that race are to be
virtually ignored to conciliate and secure the
votes of the new and sable allies, whose true
friends are to be found in the Democratic and
Conservative partv of the country, and whose
best interests would be subserved by their reli-
ance npon and confidence in those who have no
sinister purposes to serve, and who seek not
their support nnder the guise of assumed and
pretended friendship.
The ballot cannot elevate the colored' man
and make him equal to the white. He is
entitled to the trial by jurjr, to testify in the
courts, and to the protection of the law in
the enjoyment of life, liberty, and property.
Slavery has been abolished. No one desires
its return, and their freedom is secured by
universal consent and constitutional provision 5
but these have not brought them any nearer
to an equality with the white man. Provi-
dence has wisely made and separated the races
by a law which no Government can annul.
The ballot will not provide meat and bread to
the colored voter. He must continue to labor
as he has been wont to do. It will not enable
him to enter upon terms of social equality nor
the practice of intermarriage. The laws of
nature, of the races, have in those respects
created an inseparable barrier which neither
legislation nor bayonets can demolish. He
will find that his social status is not changed,
while he will be expected to support white
Republicans; that he is to be used for party
interests, and that an occasional office is to be
given, notone in a hundred, as a bait to secure
his support. He ought to know that while
the Democratic and conservative party of the
country would not flatter
" Neptune for his trident,
Or Jove for his power to thunder,"
making no new-born professions to conciliate
and to invite his affiliation, that they are his
most reliable friends, who are ever ready to
vindicate his just rights, reward his labor, and
promote his material interests; to afford to him
all proper facilities for education and acquisi-
tion of property, having no selfish purposes to
accomplish, keeping up that natural distinction
of races which a wise Providence designed to
exist, and never sacrificing principle to obtain
party triumphs; that the colored people should
learn that their comfort and prosperity are to be
gained not by participating in the activity and
excitement of politics, by parades and cele-
brations, which will absorb much of the pro-
ceeds of their labor and consume valuable time,
to benofit politicians, and which will lessen the
respect and confidence of the community; but
by industry, integrity, temperance, frugality,
and observance of the laws.
The bill now before us oonfers powers which
the President of the United States does not
constitutionally possess. By tho Constitution
the President is made Commander-in-Chief,
and when a State Executive formally applies
to him, he may protect the State against do-
mestic violence. But the bill we are now con-
sidering authorizes the appointment of certain
commissioners by the circuit courts of the
United States, and they of sub-commissioners,
or agents, with power to call out the military
at their discretion. They may call them into
active service at every election poll; the whole
country may be a military camp and the freedonS
of elections become a mere name or mockery*
This bill places the country under military
rule, and the lives of the people at the mercy
of irresponsible Government agents and sub-
agents. Th« alien and sedition law, which
was so odious to our fathers, and which pro-
duced a complete revolution in the political
parties of that day, was not comparable in. the
hideous character of its features to the one
before us. Whether the people will calmly
stand and see their rights and liberties imper-
iled without a struggle to protect them is a
matter yet to be determined.
Patrick Henry, when resisting the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States in
the Virginia convention, invoked the members
of that body not to ratify the Constitution with-
out first securing amendments to protect the
rights and liberties of the people5 and in reply
to an argument used in its favor and based
upon the supposed responsibility and punish-
ment of those who infringed their rights, and of
the remedy provided for amendments, said:
" The honorable gentleman who presides told us
that to prevent abuses in our Government we will
assemble in convention, recall our delegated powers,
and punish our servants for abusing the trustreposed
in them. Oh, Bir, we Should have fine times, in-
deed, if to punish tyrants it Were only sufficient to
assemble the people. \our arms wherewith you
could defend yourselves are gone, and you havo
no longer an autocratical, no longer a democratical
spirit. Did you ever read of anjr revolution in any
nation brought about by the punishment of those in
power inflicted by those who had no power at all1
You read of a riot act in a country which is called
