1870.
the congressional globe.
4429
proper to give to this lady, in virtue of the
discovery of her husband, an exclusive right,
or any right whatsoever, in the islands, either
a right in fee or the right to take guano, that
is a proper matter for the consideration of
Congress.
Mr. NYE. I do not know that the language
of this bill is exactly what it ought to be; but
as I understand its purport, it is to give to the
widow of Captain Parker the light to do pre-
cisely what the law made it obligatory ou him
to do if he had lived, in order to obtain the
advantages described in the second section of
the act which the honorable Senator from Ohio
has read. The fact is that he died before ho
could enterinto the bond necessary to give him
the right to take guano and soil it to citizens
at eight or four dollars a ton.
• Mr. TJ3URMAN. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator. That is a bond which is only to
be given in case Congress grant the right to
take the sjuano.
Mr. NYE. Some things have got. to bedone
before Congress can do this, and those things
are described in the act itself; and one of the
first things is that he is to make a report to
the State Department " in relation thereto,"
and, without pretending to give the precise
language, to give satisfactory proof to the
Department of State that he has complied
with these conditions. Am I right about that?
Mr. SUMNER. Substantially.
Mr. NYE. Very well. Now this bill is to
give to this woman the right to make this sat-
isfactory proof to the Secretary of State that
her husband was the discoverer of these islands;
and being the discoverer, he, with this satis-
factory proof, would have been entitled to the
consideration set forth in the second section
of the act, to wit: to sell guano to American
citizens at a price not exceeding eight dollars
or four dollars a ton, according to the manner
in which it is delivered.
It seems to me that it is an application that
betakes itself to the justice of the Senate. I
do not stand here to claim that there was a
title absolute in him; and if the language of
the bill is in that way it should be changed ;
bat I stand here to ask the American Senate
to let this woman do precisely what her hus-
band would have been entitled to do and bound
to do in order to reap the advantages from his
discovery as described iu the second section
of the law, which I will read:
"That the said discoverer or discoverers, or hi* or
their assigns, being citizens of the United State;,
may be allowed, at the pleasure of Congress tin;
exclusive right of occupying said island, rooks, ov
keys, for the purpose of obtaining said guano, and
of selling and delivering the same to citizens of the
United States, lor tho puipose of being used therein,
and may bo allowed to charge and receive for eveiy
ton thereof delivered alongside a vessel, in proper
tubs, within reach of ship's tackle, a sum not ex-
ceeding eight dollars per ton for the best nuality, pr
iour dollars per ton in its native place of deposit:
Provided, however. That no guano shall be taken
lrom said island, rock, or key except for tho use of
the citizens of tho United States, or of persons resi-
dent therein, as aforesaid."
Now, if I understand this bill, it is simply to
give to the widow of this man the right to do
precisely what, his assigns would have had the
right, to do if he had assigned his claim in his
life time, to perfect these proofs, to do every-
thing that is necessary to bring her within the
benefits of this law which her husband would
have been entitled to had he lived, Uiat is
the object and purpose of this bill. "
Mr. SPENCER. That is the only object.
Mr. NYE. Clearly.
Mr. SPENCER. The reason she comes
before Congress is that there is no net that
allows heirs to step into the place of the ori-
ginal discoverer.
Mr. NYE. It simply involves the_question
of permitting her, as the successor ot her hus-
band, to do what he was bound to do in order
to reap the benefits described by the second
section of the law. Therefore I hope that a
bill so just as this in its purposes will be passed.
I hope that the American Senate will not deny
to the widow of a discoverer the right that he
would have possessed had he lived.
Mr. SUMNEE. I wish to know whether
she is the widow of a discoverer. I wish to
know when the discovery was made.
Mr. _ NYE. My friend had better have a
committee of investigation.
Mr. SUMNER. Aud make the Senator
chairman.
Mr. NYE. Certainly. I feel kindly toward
her. It is evident you do not. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNEll. The Senator does me great
injustice.
Mr. NYE. She says she is his widow.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us vote.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michi-
gan says "Letus v-ote;" butthe Senator seems
not to take into account what we are acting on.
The Congress of the United States by this bill
will assert for this person a certain title to
islands in the Pacific. Now, I wish before tho
Senate the evidence 011 that subject. I call
upon the chairman to state when this discovery
was made, how, under what circumstances.
Mr. THURMAN. In 1852, it is said.
Mr. SUMNER. Has there been any claim
since? I think it was at a later time. I think
it was in 185G, and hero is a doubt when it was
made. One says 1852, says another I80G. The
facts ought to be known.
Then is there any claim in any other quarter ?
Who can answer? It seems to rae that we
should not legislatively make any such assump-
tion exepjit on evidence.
Then I wish, as I have already said, to have
tiic evidence of compliance on the part of these
people with the conditions laid down by the act
of Congress. Who knows whether they have
complied V Why, sir, I am astonished—I hope
I shall be pardoned—at the levity with which
my friend, the chairman of the Committee 011
Commerce, treats this question.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts if it is at all necessary that
all that he inquires about should be determined
before the parties are entitled to make the
proof that presents the case to the Secretary
of State and to the Government. This is pre-
liminary entirely, and if tho Senator is afraid
of having tho preliminary steps taken he should
render some reasons; but when these steps are
taken, then conies in the adjudication of the
Government.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, the Senator misun-
derstands the effect of the bill. The bill is to
place her in possession, so far as tho United
Stales can, of these island?, or of tho guano
on these inlands; and arc you n.waie of the
value of that guano, sir? One of the accounts
I icad made the amount of it almost fabulous,
so that its value would nor, count by hundreds
of thousands but by millions of dollars.
Mr. NY JO. Has the honorable Senator any
objection to it on that account? The more
valuable the better.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course; but the more
valuable it is the moie important it is for us to
see that Ave do not do wrong.
Mr. NYE. Certainly; but let her perfect
her proof, and then adjudicate.
Mr. SUMNER. That is not the question
involved in this bill. I want the proof per-
fected, and 1 want a report 011 the subject.
Here is all I understand the committee have ;
it, has been brought to me, and it is a " state-
ment made by Mrs. H. E. Parker." Accord-
ing to her statement it seems that—
" First, in 1S52 William U. Parker, a citizen of the
United States, discovered two islands ol' guano m
the Pacific ocean."
Now, allow me to call attention to the fact
that in this statement it is first written "the
south Pacdic ocean," but that is scratched out,
for in point of fact it is in the north Pacific
ocean.
Mr. NYE. That amendment was made.
Mr. SUMNER. Does not that show the
carelessness with which this lias been acted
upon ? Who is there that can tell us the facts
precisely?
"Located in tho Pacific ocean within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States."
How "within the jurisdiction of the United
States?" They were in the Pacific ooean at
the other side of the Hawaiians. ■
"That in January, 1857, he, together with one
ltyan, whom he interested with him, chartered tho
sehooncr Allen, visited tho islands, put up signals,
brought off specimens for analysis
That was five years after the first discovery.
That is the first allegation. Now comes num-
ber two :
"In July, I80S, Mr. 'Parker again visited tho
islands in tho same vessel, for the purpose of taking
possession of the islands .according to tho act, erect-
ing buildings, leaving men," &e.
Then, third:
" Mr. rarker now brought out Ryan, and repairod
to Washington to secure his rights to tho same under
tho act, but died suddenly before tho completion
thereof."
Fourth :
" Tho islands are still unpossessed by any one."
Who knows that? Mrs. Parker says so ; bnt
is she the Coast Survey or the hydrographie
bureau? Can she say that these " islands are
still unpossessed by any one?" She proceeds :
"But the length of time elapsing since tho deceaso
of said Parker, and tho lack of the presont law to
revert propei ty to his widow, renders the passago of
<his bill necessary to secure such rights to her as
belonged to him by discovery."
You have her statement that the islands are
still unpossessed by any one. I confess in my
simplicity I want some other authority on that
question. I should like the authority of one
at least of those two bureaus of our Govern-
ment obliged especially to familiarize them-
selves with navigation and geography—our
Coast Survey or the hydrographie bureau. I
wish a report lrom one of those bureaus on the
question of these islands, what is their condi-
tion now, and who was their discoverer; and
I wish another report from the State Depart-
ment as to whether the conditions required by
(lie statute have been complied with.
Mr. NYE. A single suggestion more. If
tho honorable Senator from Massachusetts
maintains that it is the duty of our Coast Sur-
vey to go into the center of the Pacific ocean
and determine whether islands there are in-
habited or not, I take it that he would get a
very short answer if ho should go and ask them
to do it. It is not their business at all. AH I
was going to say is that it is these prelimin-
ary proofs simply that this woman wants to
make, and then the Government will determ-
ine whether she is entitled to consideration
or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho question is
011 the amendment of the committee.
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator from Mary-
land can obviate all this difficulty by an amend-
ment.
Mr. VICKERS. I think it probable that
this actof Congress was passed in consequence
of tho facts mentioned by tho Senator from
Massachusetts in reference to the supposed
mistake which Mr. Webster made about an
island which tho Senator from Massachusetts
has mentioned. There was no act of Congress
at the time Mr. Webster gave that authority.
This act was subsequently passed, and pro-
vides a specific mode by which the discovery
of an island is to be made known and the ben-
efils of which are to be derived to the dis-
coverer. If Captain Parker had lived and had
made his proofs to tho State Department there
would have been no difficulty in Congress
granting to him the right to take this guano.
I did not draw this bill, and have only read
it here in the Senate since the discussion has
arisen. The bill in the second clause needs au
amendment, and I offer this as a substitute tor
the second section of the bill :
And he it farther enacted. That twolvo months front
the passage of this act ore hereby allowed to the said
Harriot R Parker to perfect tho proof to tho discov-
