1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5373
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Arkansas whether Mr. Johnson was
concerned in the organization of Indian regi-
ments during the war in the Indian territory
and the western part of Arkansas ?
Mr. McDONALD. I understand not. His
present partner, Albert Pike, as I understand,
was at the head of that movement. I have
never heard anything of that kind connected
with Robert W. Johnson at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My impression is—I will
not be quite certain—but my recollection agrees
with what the Senator from Arkansas has stated,
that Mr. Johnson served his time out in the
Senate.
Mr. McDONALD. He did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And he was not one of
the Senators who left Congress to go into the
rebellion.
Mr. HARLAN. If that is true, that he was
not at the time a member of the Senate, I hope
liis name will not be stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is my recollection,
but we ought to be certain about that.
Mr. McDONALD. I state from what I
know from him, and he says so in his letter,
that he was a member of the Senate and filled
out his full term until the 4th day of March,
1801; that he had declined to become a candi-
date for reelection, and his successor had been
elected.
Mr. HARLAN. He remained here until
the 4th of March ?
Mr. McDONALD. He did.
Mr. HARLAN. If he says so it was so,
for he would not utter an untruth. I served
with him 
Mr. McDONALD. If the chairman of the
committee will get Mr. Johnson's letter ho will
find that he says so.
Mr. HARLAN. I served on the Committee
on Public Lands for a long time with Mr. John-
son, he bein^ the chairman of that committee
for three or tour years at that period, and he
is as pure a man as I ever served with in this
body.
Mr. McDONALD. Dr. Mitchel, of Arkan-
sas, was his successor.
Mr. HARLAN. Of course I did not sym-
pathize with Mr. Johnson's rebel proclivities,
and would denounce thoseas strongly as any-
body ; but individually he is a pure man.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from South Carolina withdraw his
motion to strike out the name of "Robert W.
Johnson, of Jefferson county, Arkansas?"
Mr. ROBERTSON. No, sir; I leave it for
the Senate to determine.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 8, line one
hundred and seventy-five, I move to strike out
the name t(W. C. Langford, Union county,
Arkansas."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 8, line one
hundred and eighty-two, I move to strike out
the name of "E. W. Warren, Camden coun.ty,
Arkansas."
Mr. McDON ALD. I feel it due to Mr. War-
ren to state that he has presented his petition
for the removal of his political disabilities. I
know nothing about him as an individual. I
do not know what his course has been hereto-
fore, before the war or since the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why strike him out?
Mr. ROBERTSON. He_ was formerly a
member of Congress; and since this bill has
been presented, protests have been received
against relieving him.
Mr. McDONALD. Mr. Warren has under-
gone a considerable sacrifice in making this
petition. He has made it full and clear. He
states himself that he desires to be relieved,
that he intends to act in good faith hereafter.
That is all he can do; and of course I can
only say what I have said in his behalf.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I only make the motion
so as to inform the Senate how the fact stands.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will ask permission
of the Senate to allow me, when I get through,
to send to the Secretary's desk my copy of the
bill containing various corrections. There are
numerous typographical errrors in the bill as
printed, which I wish to have corrected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments for the correction of names, such as
the spelling of names, will be considered as
agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask that the clerk
be allowed to correct them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will be allowed to correct the spelling of
any name.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I now move to strike
out from line five hundred and twelve, on page
21, down to and including line five hundred
and forty-seven, on page 23. That includes
the names from Kentucky. They are included
in the bill that has already passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These names
have been placed in another bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it better not to
strike them out.
Mr. STEWART. The other bill may not
pass the House of Representatives. Let them
stand as they are.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would not strike them
out. The other bill may fail.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Very well; I withdraw
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I now move, on page
51, after line twelve hundred and sixty-one, to
strike out the following names, under the head
of Texas:
John T. Handle, William II. Rami! e, Irvine Handle,
Ellington W. Eandlo, Lack C. Handle, and William
Handle, all of Washington county.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On page 52, line twelve
hundred and seventy-nine, I move to strike out
the name of John G. Scott, Anderson county,
Texas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I now move to amend
the bill by inserting the name of John H.
Halley, of Newton, Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have that
amendment reported. I call upon the Senator
from Illinois for an explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are very liberal in
Illinois. We have never objected to immigrants
even from Michigan [laughter] or any of these
other States coming in there, and if any of the
Senator's constituents who got into the rebel
army have come into our State I have no doubt
they will become good citizens hereafter.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. No doubt Illinois will be
thankful for small favors; but they have got
very few from Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to insert the name
of John H. Halley, of Newton, Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to make an inquiry
about him. Who is he?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I suppose he must have
been a rebel, or lie would not be here, a repent-
ant sinner asking to bo relieved of his political
sins. Of course, in this great list of names, I
caunot recollect the minutia; of the petitions
in all the cases.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Illinois whether he knows any such
man who is under disability in Illinois?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No. There is a family
there by the name of Allen, who, I think, once
lived in Jackson county, Michigan. [Laugh-
ter.] Whether this is the same Allen, I do
not know. I know nothing against this Mr.
Allen. But if the committee have found such
a man in Illinois, I am sure he is surrounded
by good influences there, and if there is any-
thing rebellious in his character it would have
been very apt to have developed itself, and we
should have found it out.
Mr. HOWARD. It is quite clear that if he
was a rebel he had a very hot time in Michigan,
and it was fortunate for him that he escaped
to that peaceful Arcadia known as Illinois.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following names from Virginia.
There is not a politician among them. They
are the names of men whose petitions have
been sent here since the bill was printed, and
there is no objection to any one ot the names.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Virginia.—W. W. Arnett, Clarke county, Abram
D. Burnett, Carroll county; L. Bremond, Albemarle
county; William M. Bagley, Lunenburg county;
Samuel G. Burnley, Fluvanna county; William N.
Brown, Alexandria county; Alexander Brown, Nel-
son county; Allen B. Bowie, Caroline county; Jesse
Bibb, Louisa county; Thomas J. Barrett, Louisa
county; Joseph C. Brown, Prince William county:
Lewis A. Boggs, Spottsylvania county; Alexander
Bowie, Carol in o county; Daniel P. Conner, Floyd
county; B. C. Crook, Alexandria county; John V.
Cruts, Buckingham county; John S. Coates, Louisa
county; Henry S. Carter, Scott county; R. M. Conn,
Shenandoah county; James Coleman, Orange
county; Albert B. Chappcll, Sussex county; George
C. Cabell, Pittsylvania county; J. C. Deane, Vir-
ginia; William C. Davis, Prince Edward county;
William Damron, Alleghany county; Thomas _P.
Eskridge, Augusta county: Stephen 1). Farr, Fair-
fax county; S. Bassett French, Virginia; John
B. Farr, Fair/ax county; Thomas P. Fitzpatrick,
Nolson county; Joel Fields, Russell county;
Martin Fleenar, Virginia; Sylvanus Foote, Pulaski
county; A. N. Fmks, Madison county: Henry.P.
Gill, Mecklenburg county; John D. Glenn, Pitt-
sylvania county; W. E. G-askins, Fauquier county;
H. H. Garrett, Caroline county; William M. (Jarey,
sen., King William county; Thomas A. Green, Bruns-
wick county; Jackson Horn, Rockingham county;
James Cergain Hill, Alexandriacounty; JohnHun-
sucker, Wise county; William S. Hiser, Augusta
county; T.J. Hundley, Essex county; William Ilix,
Prince Edward county, Allen Howison, Prince Wil-
liam county; James Hitcr, Louisa county; Lewis
Housnian, jr., Botetourt county; William Irvine,
Staftordcouoty.-ThaddeusH.Ivey, Campbell county;
John Iron, Smyth county; Mark C. Jones, Fairfax
county; James Jennings, Carroll county: William
Kent, Amherst county; Jacob Lyder, Frederick
county; William D. Lanford, Campbell county; Wil-
liam M. Lackland, Botetourt county; George M.May,
Louisa county; George C. Marshall, King George
county; Corydon K. Moore, Shenandoah county;
Jere Moore, Fairfax county; John W. Motley,
Pittsylvania county; William Major, Culpepper
county; Reuben J. Murray, Fauquier county; W,
G. T. Nelson, Spottsylvania county; John D.
Owens, King George county; P. H. Pendleton.
Caroline county; Robert E. Peyton, Fauquier
county; Albert G. Pritchett, Pittsylvania county:
John II. Perkins, Grayson county; Madison M.
Switzer, Botetourt couDty; Dr. Charles Quarles,
Louisa county; JohnH. Ragsdale, Dinwiddie coun-
ty ; George If. Robinson, Alexandria county; W. R.
Hobson, Rappahannock county; Stewart Rowan,
Giles county; Andrew H. Ross, Augusta county;
Willborn Boss, Grayson county; W. B. Sanford,
Spottsylvania county; William T. Shelor. Virginia;
Carter L. Stevenson, Virginia; George S. Stephens,
Greene county; Charles E. St. Clair,Prince William
county; C. B. Smith, Scott county; JohnD.Tisdale,
Lunenburg county; Ezekial S. Talley, Hanover
coun ly; J ohn R. Thomas. Y ork county; J ohn Tyler,
jr , Virginia; D.Newton Van Lear, Augusta county;
Henry J. Wale, Louisa county: WilliamF. Walker,
Charles City county; J oseph H. Warren, James City
county ; Philip B. Williams, Frederick county; Wil-
liam A. Wilson, Rockbridge county; Arehillus Wil-
liamson, Wythe county; James B. Williams, Alex-
andria county; James G. White, King William
county; David P. Wright, Nansemond county;
James B. Wilson, Botetourt county; William B.
Young, Rockingham county.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
from Virginia that he withdraw this amend-
ment. Here are a great number of names that
have never been before the committee. If we
can make up a bill in this way by adding a
long list of names just at the conclusion of it
it makes a farce of the whole business.
Mr. LEWIS. If my friend will allow rae,
these names have been before the committee,
but the petitions were sent here after this bill
was printed.
Mr. MORTON. The committee have not
examined them, as I am informed by the chair-
man, and they know nothing about them. I
think we cannot afford to amend the bill in
this wholesale way.
Mr. LEWIS. I withdraw the amendment.
