1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1597
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
being put, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I move the previous question
on the resolution as amended.
Mr. DAVJS. I rise to a parliamentary ques-
tion. Is it now in order to move to refer the
resolution?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if the
House shall not sustain the motion for the
previous question.
The question was put on seconding the pre- ,
vious question; and there were—ayes 84, noes
63; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Jcdd and
Mr. Datis were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 57, noes 58.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to refer the joint
resolution to the Committee of Ways and
Means. I merely wish to notify the House that
the Committee of Ways and Means will soon
report on the whole subject.
Mr. W OOD. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether in case the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] shall not prevail
it will be in order to move to amend the joint
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the previous ques-
tion on my motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. COX called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to refer the joint resolution to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and asked for
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. Schenck's motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nkw national banks.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; upon which he called the previous
qnestion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
is hereby, directed to furnish this House with the
jiaines oi the national banks that hare been organ-
ized and furnished with circulating notes since Janu-
ary 1,1869, the amount each bank has received, and the
reasons why those banks were supplied with cur-
rency while it was withheld from banks previously
organized which had not received the amount
allowed them by law.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion Wfas agreed to.
prbb banking
Mr. PALMER submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution; upon which he called
the previous question:
Whereas the business interests of the oonntry are
suffering derangement and incalculable loss by reason
of the possible fluctuations in the quantity and the
value of the national currency; and whereas there
can be no durable prosperity under a system of
legislation which permits one class, one community,
or one State to exercise corporate financial privileges
denied to other classes, other communities, or other
States of like necessities; Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Banks and
Currency be instructed to report at the oarliestday
practicable a general lawauthorizing the establish-
ment of national banks, unrestricted in aggregato
number and aggregate circulation, based upon such an
issue of United States bonds asshall induce the largest
possible roduction in the rate of interest on the
national stocks thus used, securing to the people of
the several States uniformity of rights in the number
of banks authorized to bo established and volume
of currency to be issued, but providing, neverthe-
less, that the aggregate issue of United States bonds
shall not be increased by reason of an increase in
the volume of currency under the .proposed genaral
law for the establishment of free national banks.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upou a division there
were—ayes 39, noes 70 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield
of Ohio and Mr. Palmer were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers '
reported that there were—ayes 44, noes GO.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to debate
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule the reso- :
lution will go over to Monday next.
staff bank in the navy.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE submitted the follow-
ing resolution; upon which he called the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to transmit to this House all the correspond-
ence with Admiral Farragut relating to staff rank in
the Navy.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chinese immigration.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have a resolution here,
upon which 1 call the previous question; and
I ask that a letter be read, which I will send
to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. That would be in the
nature of debate, and is not in order.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Rev. Paul Bagley be permitted the
use of this Hall some night next week, to be named
by the Speaker of tho House, for the purpose of
delivering a lecture on the subject of Chinese immi-
gration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to submit it to the House.
The SPEAKER. It is not within the com-
petency of the Chair to even ask unanimous
consent. The rules forbid the Chair even to
submit the resolution to the House.
tariff.
Mr. SPINK submitted the following resolu-
tion ; upon whieh he called the previous ques-
tion :
Retained, That the interests of the country require
such tariff for revenue upon foreign imports as will
afford incidental protection to domestic manufac-
turers, and as will, without impairing the revenue,
impose the lowest burden upon and best promote
and encourage the great industrial interests of tho
country.
Mr. KELSEY. I object. That is mere
buncombe, and we have had enough of that.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and npon a division there
were—ayes 20, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Schenck were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 72, noes 42.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon adopting the resolution.
Mr. WOOD. 1 move tbattbe resolution be
laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon adopting the
resolution. . _ „
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon thatquestion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays47, not voting
06 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Aubler. Ames, Atwood, Axtell,
Beaman, Beatty, Bingham, Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin 1 .Tiutler, Kod-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna. Churchill, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode.Cullom, Davis,
Donley, Dyer, Ferriss, Fisher.Glarfield.Getz, Hamill,
Harris. Hawlcy, Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Alexander H.Jones,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kclscy, Kctcham, Knapp, Lafhn,
Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCrary,
McGrew, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim ll.Mooro, Jesse
II. Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Jieil,
Packard, Paine. Palmer, Perce, Peters, Phelps,
Piatt, Pomeroy, Prosser, Randall, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenok, Seofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Tatfo, Tan-
ner, Tillman, Tvvichell, Upson, Van Horn, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wclkcr,
AVheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T.
Wilson, Witeher, and Woodward—109.
NAYS — Messrs. AUisou, Archer, Biggs, Bird,
Booker, Boyd, James Brooks, Burchurd, Burr,
Oalkin, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Finkeinburg,
Gibson. Griswohl, Haight, Hambleton, llawkin.-.
Hay, Hays, lleflin, llolman, Johnson, Thomas .L.
Jones, Judd, Kerr, Marshall, Mayhain, MeCoruiick,
MeNeely, Mungcn, Niblack, Orth, Potter, Ridgway,
Kogers.Schumaker.Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Stone,
Trimble. Tyner, Voorhees, AVinans, and Wood—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Av-
nell, Asper. Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnurn, Beck,
Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Boles, Bowen, Buck-
ley, Clarke. Cleveland, AmasaCobb.Covyles, Dawes,
Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery. Duval, Ela,
Kldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fitch, Fox, Gilfillan,
Golladay, Haldeman, Hale, Hamilton, Julian,Knott,
Logan, Lynch, McCarthy, McKee, McKensie, Mor-
gan, Morrissey, Packer, Poland, Porter, Reading,
Reeves, Rico, Koots, Sanford, Porter, Sheldon,
Slocuin, William Smyth, Strader, Sweoney, Town-
send, Van Auken, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Ward,
Wells, Eugene M.Wilson, and Winchester—06.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken. I believe this motion is debat-
able.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable, because
the resolution was adopted under the operation
of the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not yielded the
floor. I desire simply to call attention to the
fact that this resolution is one of those consti-
tuting the Democratic platform of 18G8.
Mr. WOOD. I call the gentleman to order.
Debate is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it is not in order to
discuss the subject I move to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
RESIflNAIIQN OF HON, JF. 8. flOUiAPAY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
j following:
House op Reprrskntativks,
Washington, February 28,1870.
I Sib : J inclose you a letter herewith tendering my
I resignation to the Stat© of Kentucky as a member
* of Congress from the third district.
I Very respectfully, J. S. GOLLADAY.
Hon. James G. Blaine.
i House op Representatives,
i Washingtox, D. C., February 28,1870.
! . Dear Sib: I herewith tender you my resignation
! as a member of Congress from the third district ot
i Kentucky. _   ,, ,r
Very respectfuUy, J. 8* GOLLADAY.
I His Excelleney Johk W. Sr*v* soa.
RESIGNATION OP IION.JOHN T. DKWEKSK.
Washington, D. C., February 28,1870.
Sib : Having tendered my resignation as a member
of the Forty-First Congress, both by letter and tele-
graph, to the Governor of N orth Carolina. I herewith
notify you of the same. .... ,
Please lay this before tho Houso m the usual man-
ner. , „ ,
Respect a y, <^0HN T pjjWEBSE, M. C...
Fourth district of North Carolina*
\ Hon. James G. Blaise. , „ .
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
| ORDER OF BBSJNK8S.
! Mr. SARGENT aad Mr. COX addressed the
Chair. . ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,]
who rises to move that the House resolve itselt
into the Committee of the Whole on the Indian
appropriation bill. Perhaps the gentleman
from California may yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cos.]
Mr. SARGENT. What does the gentleman
from New York desire?
