1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3485
one of the freest in the world, where a few neighbors
cannot assemblo without the risk of bomg shot by a
hired soldiery, the engines of despotism. Wo may
seo such an act in America. A standing army we
glial! have also to execute the cxeorable commands
of tyranny; tirnl howarc you to punish them ? Will
vou order them to bo punished? Who shall obey
these orders? Will your maee-bearer be a match
for a disciplined regiment? In what situation are
we to be'.'"
Sir, the act before us is worse and more
dangerous than a riot act or the alien and
sedition law. It proposes to punish without the
indictment of a grand jury; it proposes to fine
and to imprison, although the charge of an
ordinary assault or misdemeanor can originate
only with a grand jury; it essays to punish not
only offenses, but all attempts to interfere with
the registration or suffrage of the cherished
African for whatever cause. Heretofore all
violations of the law relating to registrations
or elections have been exercised exclusively by
the States, and the penalties have been moder
ate in view of the ordinary excitements of a
political canvass, but no sooner is the African
entitled to vote than all the powers and ener-
gies and devices of the General Government
are brought into exercise to impose harsh and
severe penalties upon any one who may attempt
to do what if done to a white man heretofore
was left to the courts to redress.. Five hun-
dred dollars fine and imprisonment from one
month to one year are the ordinary inflictions
of this bill:
"Our country sinks beneath the yoke;
It weeps, it bleeds, and each now day a gmH
Is added to her wounds."
It is said to be a curious fact that the vest-
ments of certain statues were colored. The
drapery of Jupiter was red, and of the nymphs
sea green. The mantle of Apollo was violet.
Bacchus was attired in white, Jano in sky blue,
and Pallas had a flame-colored mantle, and
kings in purple, But it has been left to the
Republicans of the nineteenth century to drape
the statue of liberty in black.
The people of this country have endured for
the last eight years wrong* and oppressions, hu-
miliations and injustice; they have witnessed
wanton attacks upon the Constitution and the
liberty of the citizen, and gross invasions of
State rights that would have driven our fore-
fathers to seek appropriate redress. In Home
there was no triumph in Civil wars; the suc-
cess, whatever it might be, Was a subject for
public mourning. Generous and .magnani-
mous minds are readiest to forgive j but the
policy of the dominant party here seems to
be constantly aggressive and exasperating,
calculated to drive the people to desperation
and to bring our country to misfortune and
ruin. Why not bind up awl heal the wounds
that war has made, cultivate friendship, forget
the past, and win to our embrace and regard
those who have suffered so greatly in the con-
flict. Treat them as brothers, attach them to
us by conciliation and kindness, and as your
candidate for the Presidency prior to his elec-
tion openly declared for peace, let it be said
that, pur—
" Peace is of the nature of a conquest;
For then both parties nobly are anbduod.
And neither party loser."
Mr. STEWART. I desire to move for a
recess at half past four o'clock until half past
seven.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Spenoeb
in the chair.) The motion requires unanimous
consent-
Mr. STEWART. I will withdraw it for the
present.
Mr. THURMAN. -Mr. President* I wish, to
say something on this bill, bat I am rather
unwell to-day, and very hoarse, and for that
reason I am anxious that the bill should go over;
besides, I do not wish to speak to empty seats.
This is a bill ot great importance, one that will
be remembered long after some of us, perhaps,
are gone j. and yet on its consideration there is
not one third of the Senate present. I do not
•peak simply ftjr the purpose of hearing myself
speak. I never do that; nor, as the phrase
is, for buncombe. I shall speak with the
hope of convincing the Senate, at least those
who will listen to me, that there are features
in this bill which ought not to be in it, and
that the Senate cannot leave in it with a proper
respect for itself. Bat, as I said, I do not
wish to speak to empty benches. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate adjourn.
The Question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 12, noes 22; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MORRILL, of Mains. I suggest that
there is a quorum present.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let us have
another count
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again put the question.
The question being again put, there were
on a division—'ayes 12, noes 32.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I shall
forego any argument on the question whether
the so-called fifteenth amendment is a part of
the Constitution of the United States. I shall
sneak for a practical purpose, and therefore I
shall not moot a question upon which I know the
dominant party of the Senate is fully committed,
and which it would be entirely useless therefore
.to discuss; but what I wish to do is to try in
good faith to convince the Senate, if it is will-
ing to be convinced, that there are provisions
in this bill which ought not to be in it, and that
the bill, taken as a whole, is not one that should
receive the approbation of the Senate.
Nor, sir, shall I discuss the general question
whether Congress should proceed to legislation
of this kind, without waiting to Bee what will
be done by the StateB, without waiting to see
that there is a necessity for such legislation,
without waiting for one single act done in vio-
lation of the right of any citizen under your
fifteenthamendment. Before any man has been
deprived of any right whatsoever, or even threat-
ened with a deprivation of any right whatsoever,
it is proposed to pass a bill of pains and penal-
ties. Whether that can be done is a question
which I shall leave without disoussion, because
I concede that that is a foregone conclusion
with the majority of the Senate. It is true, that
ia a question which I should like to discuss, if I
thought there could be any good produced by
discussing it. Without any act on the part of
a single Btate, without any threat of resistance
on the part of a single State, when State after
State has permitted the colored race to vote
at the spring elections, and there is no com-
plaint anywhere that any one of them has been
deprived of the right of suffrage, I do think it
is of most evil example that a bill which bris-
tles all over with pains and penalties, a bill
which makes it impossible almost for a man
of character and responsibility to hold the
office of judge of election, should be intro-
duced into the Senate with a fair prospect of
its passage.
But, sir, passing this by, let tts look at the
details of this bill.
What is the first section? I speak now
of the amend meat proposed by the Judi-
ciary Committee; and here 1 ought to say that
though a member of that committee I was not
in committee when this matter was consid-
ered ; I was absent from the city; and it was
not until this very morning that for the first
time I saw this bill. What is the first section
of this proposed amendment?
That ail citi«en« of the United States who are or
shall be otherwise qualified by law to vote at any
election by the people in any State, Territory, dis-
trict, county, city, parish, township, school district,
municipality, or other territorial subdivision, shall,
be entitled and allowed to vote at all such elections,
without distinction of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, any law, custom, usage, or regula-
tion of any State or Territory, or by or under its
authority, to the contrary notwithstanding.
The only observation I have to make about
that is that the thing is wholly unnecessary
and nugatory if the fifteenth amendment is u
part of the Constitution of the United States.
You cannot add any strength to the fifteenth
constitutional amendment by putting the very
identical provision of that amendment into the
shape of a statute. The whole thing, there-
fore, is simply inofficious and nugatorj'.
What is the second section?
j Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if by or
; under the authority of the constitution or laws of
| any State or the laws of any Territory, any act is or
shall be required to be done as a prerequisite or qual-
ification for voting, and by such constitution or laws
persons or officers are or shall bo charged with the
performance of duties in furnishing to citizens an
opportunity to perform such prerequisite or to bo-
come qualified to vote, it shall be the duty of evcrj
such person and officer to give to all citizens of tho
United States tho same and equal opportunity to
perform such prerequisite, and to become qualified
to vote, without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude; and if any such person or
officer shall refuse or knowingly omit to give full
effect to this section, he shall for every sueli offense
I forfeit and pay t be sum of J500 to the person aggrieved
thereby, to be recovered by an action on tho ease,
with full costs and such allowance for counsel fees
as tho court shall deem just, and shall also for every
i such offense be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall, on conviction thereof, bo fined not less than
I $500, and be imprisoned not less than one month and
t not moro than one year.
! _ The first thing that strikes a lawyer on read-
: ing that section is that it undertakes to impose
by act of Congress duties upon officers of a
! State, officers created under State authority,
j deriving their sole commission to act from the
, State. In other words, it is directly in the face
of the decision of the Supreme Court, in Prigg
vs. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, m
which it was declared by the Supreme Court
of the United States, I believe almost unan-
imously, that it waB not in the power of Con-
gress to impose any duty or impose any author-
ity upon an officer of a State. You undertake
I to regulate the duty of officers created by State
, authority, holding their offices solely under
| i State authority, amenable solely to the State
by which they are chosen or by which they are
j appointed; you undertake to say that the pow-
! ers, duties, and functions of an officer of a
State, holding his office simply under the State,
; can be regulated, prescribed, governed, and
i enforced by an act of Congress.
! If this doctrine be true you can pass a law
to take the Governor of Ohio from his execu-
, tive Beat and try him before one of your dis-
trict courts of the United States; you may take
the Governor of New York or of any other
State, or the supreme judges of any State, and
try them under this bill of pains and penalties
i because they, officers of a State, do not exe-
: cute an act of Congress! I deny the authority
i to do any such thing. 1 deny any such author-
ity whatsoever. But if the authority existed,
! how strange it would seem, how low and de-
j based the States would have become, when the
| Congress of the United States, without waiting
i to see whether any State will be derelict in its
| duty, without waiting to see whether any State
| officers will refuse to obey the Constitution of
j the United States, introduces a bill of pains
| and penalties like this, that bristles in every
j section with fine and imprisonment and rewards
to be given to informers.
Allow me to call the attention of the lawyers
of the Senate to another thing. What is the
corpus delicti in this section? What is the
| offense in this section? What are the substan-
tive words that create it, and that most be nsed
in an indictment under this section, for here is
an indictable offense? That if "any officer
shall refuse or knowingly omit to give full effect
to this section;" these are the words which
define the crime. Now, I pray the learned
gentleman ofthe Jndieiatfy Committee who has
charge of this bill [Mr. Stewart5] to tell us
what is failing or omitting or refusing to give
full effect to this section. 1 hope3 he will en-
lighten us, so that when we get'up an indict-
ment we may refer to his speech in the Senate
that the coart may understand what is the
offense of failing to give full effect to the pro-
