4430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
ery of the islands mentioned in the first section of
this act, and when such proof is made to the satisfac-
tion of the President, and upon complying with the
provisions of tho second section of the act of Con-
gress passed on the 18th of August, 1856, entitled "An
act to authorize protection to be given to citizens of
the United States who may discover deposits of
guano," shall be entitled to the benefits of this act in
the same manner and to the same effect as the said
William H. Parker would have been if he had
made legal proof under said act, and had obtained
the authority of Congress to remove guano fromsaid
islands, according to the provisions of said act.
That only places her precisely in the condi-
tion in which her husband would have been
placed. She has to make proof, and then a
bond is necessary to be given on her part, with
security, to be approved by the Department,
that this guano shall be delivered at the prices
mentioned in the act of Congress. I under-
stand the islands are very small and insignifi-
cant. There sas a mistake in the latitude,
probably a mistake of the transcriber, putting
it in "south" instead of" north" latitude. It
was discovered by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull, J and when the bill was first
put up it was recommitted on that account to the
committee. That mistake has been corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land, if the Senator from Michigan withdraws
the amendments of the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; I withdraw
them.
_Mr. STOCKTON. The first clause of this
bill it seems to me does not grant Harriet E.
Parker any more than she would have under
the law of the land.
That Harriet E. Parker is hereby declared to be
entitled to all the rights which her husband, William
II. Parker, deceased, may have had as a discoverer
to two smallislandsin the north Pacific ocean, called
Johnson's and Agnes's islands, situated in latitudo
16° 46' north, and longitude 1G9° 20' west.
If the proposition is to confer upon the wife
more than her third interest in land to which
her husband was entitled, I think that is unjust
if he has any children. If he left children and
a widow, I suppose by the law of the land
wherever he died those children would be enti-
tled to his interest in the land. Therefore,
unless it is intended to interfere with the rela-
tions of the family which he left behind him,
the whole section is inoperative ; it gives noth-
ing to anybody. This is a bill to preserve the
rights he had. There is no bill necessary for
that purpose. The law preserves them. So
that that section, it seems to me, cannot have
been drawn for any purpose, unless it be to
interfere with the relations of his wife or his
children, whoever he ifray have left, under the
statute of the State where he may have been a
resident at the time.
But section two is a very different section.
It seems to me it is a section to give to Har-
riet E. Parker islands that belong to the United
States. That is a serious question. It reads
as follows:
That twelve months from the passage of this act
are hereby allowed the said Harriet E. Parker to
perfect title to tile same.
Now, there is no necessity for having any
further perfecting of the title to the islands if
she is to have no title but her husband's ; and
her husband's title is granted to her by the first
section. The only meaning of the words "to
perfect title" in that application that I can
see is to say that if it be that Mr. Parker dis-
covered the islands Harriet Parker can perfect
the title; it is to enable her to perfect the title;
in other words, it is to give to her the title thai
the United States had by discovery. It is
u n necessary to remind the Senate that whenever
any laud is discovered, from the discovery of
this continent down to the discovery of all the
islands in the Pacific, or wherever they have
been discovered since, the discoverer plants
the flag of his nation and claims it in the name
of his sovereign; and these islands must be
maintained in our own name.
I have no wish to be ungenerous to the widow
of this gentleman, if he did discover these
islands. Under the act referred to I am will-
ing, when the matter comes before Congress in
proper shape, to do whatever is just and right
toward this lady. But to pass this bill now,
under these circumstances, it seems to me
would be to stultify ourselves as to the law of
the land as it exists, and at the same time
ivould be setting an extremely doubtful prece-
dent of granting away laud by discovery, as if
any individual could acquire title and sover-
eignty to land by discovery. Is the proposi-
tion here to set up an independent sovereignty
with Mrs. Parker as queen ; or are the islands
to be subject to the United States as far as
sovereignty is concerned, and only the title to
the guano interest given to this lady?
I insist upon it that this bill is very carelessly
drawn or is not properly guarded. It is much
improved undoubtedly by the amendment
which has been presented by the Senator from
Maryland, but even with that amendment it
seems to me we should know more about the
facts of this case before we undertake to pass a
bill of this character.
Mr. SUMNEll. I think the best solution of
this question now is, that the bill with all the
pending amendments should be recommitted to
the Committee on Commerce; and I have 110
doubt that the committee will then give us a
report setting forth the facts clearly, and we
shall then be able to act intelligently upon it.
I make that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. This bill has been twice before
the Committee on Commerce. I do not think
there can be any doubt about it.
Mr. STOCKTON. With all possible respect
for the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, and without meaning the slightest dis-
respect to any of the members of that com-
mittee, it does seem to me that this question
should be examined by the Committee ou For-
eign Relations. It is a bill which involves
great questions. I am perfectly willing to
submit my view of it to the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, or to that
committee when they examine it. I move to
amend the motion by referring this bill to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
do that. I hope he will allow the question to
be taken on the reference to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. STOCKTON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to recommit the bill, with the pending
amendments, to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howell, MeCreery,
Schurz. Stockton, and Sumner—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Drake, Fenton,
Fowler, Gilbert, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Kellogg,
McDonald. Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Oshorn, Porne-
roy, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Scott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron, Cattell, Conkling.Cragin,Davis, Edmunds,
Ferry, Flanagan, Hamlin, Harris, J ohnston, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Patterson, llam-
sey, Revels, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart,
Thayer. Thurman, Tipton, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Yates—33.
So the motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the amendment be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the second section of the bill
and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
And be it further enacted, That twelve months from
the passage of this act are hereby allowed to Srcid
Harriet K Parker, to perfect the proof to the dis-
covery of the islands mentioned in the first section
of this act; and when such proof is made to the satis-
faction of the President, and upon complying with
the provisions of the second section of tho act of
Congress passed August 18,18D6, entitled "An act to
authorize protection to be given to citizens of tho
United States who may discover deposits of guano,"
stso shall be entitled to the benefits of sa.id act in the
same manner and to the same eifcct as the said Wii-
li*m II. Parkerwouldhaveboenif liehadmadel^gal
proof under said act, and had obtained tho author-
ity of Congress to remove guano from said islands,
according to tho provisions of said act.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee who reported this
bill a question. I did not know Mr. Parker;
I never heard of him before. I wish to ask
whether the object of this bill is to give this
real estate to the widow and leave his children
unprovided for? That is the effect of the bill,
if 1 understand it. It puts her in pftssession
of the same interest exactly that he had. The
law does not put her in possession of the same
interest; but the title devolves, according to the
statutes of the different States, upon his wife
and children. Those statutes we are all inter-
ested in preserving, and wo should not override
them without-knowing what we are doing, with-
out knowing what the evidence is as to the law
of the State in which he resided on that sub-
ject. If the committee have examined that
subject, and are prepared to state that Mr.
Parker left no children and no next of kin, that
is one thing; but even with the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland the bill does abso-
lutely give to the widow the whole interest that
her husband had, which by the laws of States,
as a general rule, a widow is not entitled to.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator can insert
any words he deems proper to protect the rights
of the children, if there be any. I cannot say
as to that. I have never examined into that
matter.
Mr. VICKERS. I will offer as an addition
to the amendment the following proviso :
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to deprive any of the children of the said
William II. Parker of any interest in the guano on
said islands.
Mr. STOCKTON. The courts of this coun-
try will give to this woman all that she is enti-
tled to under the act of 1856. without this bill
beingpassedata.il. Now we are simply under-
taking to avoid the State laws and the jurisdic-
tion of the courts without a knowledge of the
facts. We are undertaking to confer the title
to real estate by the action of the Senate. That
is what the committee ask us to do. I insist
upon it that such legislation is not fit to bo
made. We are really changing the title to
land.
If Mr. Parker discovered these islands his
only title is a title by discovery. If he is enti-
tled by discovery then he has that title by law,
and by law his widow and his children or his
next of kin are entitled to it. Without being
told, without theeommittee appearing to know,
whether he has left children or not, we are
urged to pass this bill to give it to her, and then
we put in a proviso, that if he has any children
we will not rule them out. It may be that he
has brothers and sisters, and itmay be that the
laws of the State where he lived would give that
property to his own blood and not to his widow.
It seems to me to be the most extraordinary
legislation I have ever heard of, thatwe should
gass a bill conveying the title to land without a
single fact being stated to the Senate. We are
at least entitled to a report of'the circumstance-',
in connection with it before we are asked to
vote upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When this bill was up
some weeks ago, without knowing anything
about it, I made some objection to it, and it-
went over at that time Since then 1 have
informed myself a little better about it, though
I do not profess now to have examined into
the evidence at ail. But as I understand it,
there is nothing whatever in the suggestion
of the Senator from New Jersey. Here is an
