6374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, at the request of a member of the other
House from Mississippi. I propose the name
of J. R. P. Duncan, of Pontotoc county, Mis-
sissippi, to come in on page 29, after line seven
hundred and eight.
Mr. MORTON. I will inquire whether that
name has been before the committee?
' Mr. ROBERTSON. No.
Mr. KELLOGG. It has not; but two or
three other names have been inserted, and this
is but a single name, which I offer at the request
of a member of the other House. Mr. Duncan
has never held an office, I am assured by a
member from Mississippi. He was only six-
teen years old when the war broke out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I have received a letter
written by a gentleman in South Carolina re-
questing to be relieved from his political disa-
bilities. Understanding that the committee
required a petition directly from the party
desiring this relief, I notified him accordingly.
I have not had time yet to receive an answer,
and I have received none; but I will take the
opportunity to read his letter before I submit
his name. I think I ought to present his name
at this time; but I will say before beginning
that 1 have no sympathy with the political posi-
tion of this individual. He is a Democrat.
He writes as follows :
Edgefield, South Carolina,
May 23,1870.
Deab Sir: If not inconsistent with your views
I would be obliged if you would take steps to havo
my disabilities removed by Congress. My only dis-
qualification consists, I beliove, in having taken an
oath to support the constitution, as a member of tho
Legislature, in I860, unless having been a general
othcer (major general) in the confederate army is an
additional one. X am not aware that there is any
particular form of application, but if thero should,
be good enough to indicate to mo what it is, and 1
will endeavor to comply.
It is, of course, not for me to dictate; but I will
venture to say that all the troubles growing out of
tho war might have been settled the sccond year after
the cessation of hostilities, by adopting Mr. Gree-
ley's suggestion of universal suffrage and universal
amnesty. I have always said that he has exhibited
more sagacity in the solution of our difficulties than
any man in America, and tho time is not far distant
when his wisdom and forosight will be generally rec-
ognized by all classes of our people. The frankness
and magnanimity with which no rose superior to
E artisan prejudices, sectional hostility, and political
itterness, must challenge tho admiration of his most
inveterate enemies. Standing as it were outside the
pale of political recognition, interest, prospects.,or
ambition, I think that I havo a right to do this justico
to one who would not have disappointed mo if ho had
advised proscription to the bitter end.
I believe that the people of the South, at least tho
soldiers of the armies of tho South, would then have
accepted universal sulfrage, not from choice, but as
one of the consequences of defeat: but Mr. John-
son's fallacious arguments and delusive promises, his
persistent appeals to pursue "my policy," misled,
distracted, confused the southern peoplo.andplaced
them between tho upper and nether millstones—tho
bitter, merciless Radicals on one side grinding, pro-
scribing, destroying, and Mr. Johnson on the other,
Sustaining by promises never fulfilled, and mislead-
ing by arguments as fallacious as they were unwise.
Upon his head may the South visit many, very many
of her trials. If hois to be the "beacon" which is
to encourage the tailors of the universe to forswear
their shears, and betake themselves to statecraft, ho
had better novcr have been born, for it may havo
the effect of spoiling many good tailors to make a
devil of a poorstatesman.
Very respectfully, yours, &c.,
M. C. BUTLER,
lion. ]?. A. Sawyek, Washington city.
Now, sir, I move that M. C."Butler's name
be placed on the bill.
Mr. THAYER. I hope not.
Mr. THURMAN. I presume that gentle-
man was aware that a large majority of the
Senate was in favor of finding Andrew John-
son guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors,
and thought that the best way to get rid of his
own crimes and misdemeanors was to abuse
Andrew Johnson.
Mr. THAYER. This individual seems to
have been possessed with the idea that the only
way to settle the questions growing out of the
war was to purchase universal amnesty by sell-
ing universal suffrage, the worst proposition
that has ever been submitted. I want this man
and such as he to understand that there was
but one condition, and that was unconditional
submission to the authority of the United States
and the reconstruction acts. We were not pro-
posing to give them anything in consideration
of their submission. There has been the great
error of the South. They should have felt that
they had been guilty of crimes, and that they
were compelled to submit without conditions ;
then the G overnment, after their good behavior,
could exercise toward them magnanimity.
Mr. MORTON. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio in his remarks. I think this gentle-
man presents himself in the attitude of carry-
ing the rebellion on his back and trying to
carry the Republican party on his shoulders,
and securing his relief in that way.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall not press the amend-
ment, if it is going to lead to debate; I would
rather withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from' South
Carolina.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORliILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call the attention of the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Robertson] lo the name of
Henry A. lidmundsou, of Halifax county, Vir-
ginia, in line two thousand and eighteen, on
page 82 of the bill. He was a member of the
other House at the time of the rebellion, and
had been for perhaps a dozen years, and was
a very active promoter of the views of the
secessionists, although an accomplished geu-
tleman.
Mr. JOHNSTON. This is not the same
man, but a different person. Henry P. Ed-
mundsou lived in the county of I'oanoke, and
is a differeut person altogether.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont If that is the
ease, I make no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Tho bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read tho third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (after putting
the question on the passage of the bill.) Two
thirds of the Senate having voted for this bill,
it has passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2092) making 'appropriations for the re-
pair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes, for the fiscal year ending June
'30.1871.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 360)
to explain an act approved March 3, 1889,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
Army appropriation bill, with a view of assign-
ing it for consideration to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL, and Mr. MORRILL of
Vermont. Go right on with it now.
Mr. WILSON. I have some amendments
to offer which are not printed. After the bill
is taken up I will give way.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
give way to allow me to call up the servile
labor bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to take up the
Georgia bill.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to have the Army
bill taken up, and then 1 will give way for the
rest of the day and evening.
Mr. COLE. You can get it up at that time
without a motion.
N Mr. WILSON. I am afraid that I shall not
be able to do so. I hope it will be taken up,
and fixed for to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts,
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2082) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June SO, 1871, and for other
PU5i°SSTEWART. I move that- the bill be ■
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock, with
a view of taking up the servile labor bill.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have the consid-
eration of the bill fixed for to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, and that will take it out of the way
of gentlemen who want to pass bills to-day.
Mr. ROBERTSON. After that I desire to
submit a motion to take up the bill to admit
Georgia to representation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. One motion
only can be entertained at a time by the Chair.
The Senator from Massachusetts moves that
the further consideration of the Army appro-
priation bill be postponed until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
Tho motion was agreed to.
CIIAKLE3 II. PENDLETON.
Mr. STEWART. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 973.
Mr. HOWARD. What is that?
Mr. STEWART. A bill to prohibit contracts
for servile labor. It will take but a few minutes.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to take up the
Georgia bill.
Mr. STEWART. This will take but a few
moments.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me takeup the Georgia
bill, and I will then give way if that bill is not
going to lead to discussion. I think we had
better act on the Georgia bill. It has passed
the House with amendments.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask leave to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will recognize the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, having a report from a committee of
conference, which is in the nature of a privi-
leged motion. The report of the committee
of conference will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the amendment of tho
House to the Senate joint resolution So. 90. to placo
the name of Charlos II. Pendleton on the Navy Re-
gister as lieutenant commander, active list, having
met and considered the same, afterfull and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, und do recom-
mend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the resolution be amonded by striking out all
after theenactingclause andinsertinginlieuthereof
the following:
That the President of the United States bo au-
thorized to nominate, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate to appoint. Lieutenants
Charles H. Pendleton and Riehnrd P. Leary as lieu-
tenant commanders on the active list of the Navy.
And that the title be amended so as to read as fol-
lows :
Joint resolution authorizing the nomination and
appointment of j/ieutenants Charles H. Pendleton
and Richard P. Leary as lieutenant commanders on
the active list of the Navy.
A. H. CRAGIN,
J.W.NYE.
T. F. BAYARD.
Mcmsv/ers on the port of the Senate.
T.W.FERRY,
J. II. KETCHAM,
Managers on the itart- of ths floujjc.
The report was concurred in.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOWARD. Now I move to take up
the Georgia bill.
Mr. S IE WART. W ill the Senator allow
me to take up my bill after the Georgia bill is
taken up?
Mr. HOWARD. I will yield for a reason-
able time.
Mr. STEWART. Then I shall stick to my
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
is now made by the Senator from Michigan,
to proceed to the consideration of the Georgia
bill.
