584
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
Senate.
Naturcilization—Mr. Thurman.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
not accustomed to examine witnesses ; he can-
not examine or cross-examine the witnesses
that are broughtagainst him. He is compelled
to employ a lawyer, and then the register may
continue the case from day to day and time to
time, and after you have compelled the man to
submit to this cross-examination and to employ
counsel, and after a trial that may last a week,
and lie may get his certificate, what then?
What is it worth after he has got it? After he
has been at all this trouble, all this delay, lost
his time, lost his money, been compelled to
pay fees to this officer, and compelled to pay
lawyer's fees besides, he gets a certificate;
and what is it worth? Next to nothing. For
this bill provides that lie may be called upon
every year, nay a dozen times in a year, by
a district attorney of the United States to go
and show cause why that certificate should not
be revoked. Never, so long as he lives, is it a
safe muniment of his title as an American citi-
zen. Wherever the man goes, if lie change his
residence from one place to another, there,
upon an application to a district attorney, on
the affidavit of some fellow who can swear to
nothing but suspicion, the naturalized citizen
is to bo dragged into court, and dragged where?
The Senator from Virginia says ho may be
dragged from one end of the United States to
the other. But suppose you puta more limited
construction upon the bill, andsayheis only to
be brought within the jurisdiction of the court,
then he may be dragged from the extreme
end of California, four hundred miles, to .San
Francisco. My friond from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] calls my attention to another fact, with
regard to the affidavit on which this man is
to be brought from one end of the State
to the other. It is not made any crime for the
alliant to commit perjury; but if the alien has
mistaken the least tiling in his affidavit, that
is perjury.
Mr. DUAKIO. Can a man bo convicted of
perjury for a mistake?
Mr. THUIiMAN. It would depend a good
deal on the jury that tried him.
Mr. DRAKK. I think not..
Mr. TUURMAN. I thing a Know-Nothing
jury might lie packed that would convict.
Mr, DRAKI'j. What, kind of a jury is that
which knows nothing?
Mr. TllUHMAN. I saw some of them a
few years ago, when that party was in power.
Mr. DUAKIO. It is very evident to me that
the Senator from Ohio is an antediluvian.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Til U UMAN. That is all very true, but
then my friend, who remembers when God
made niau, must not throw my old age at me.
[I.c.ughter. J
You drag a man up and put him to this
expense on the in ens suspicion of somebody
who wants maliciously to trouble him or pre-
vent his voting, and what then? After he has
had ail this cost and all this trouble, has he
any remedy ? Is there any judgment that ho
can get for costs against the party who lias thus
disturbed him in his rights, thus put him to
costs ? No, sir, every dollar ofhis expenditure
is his own loss, as well as his time. And this
vexatious and costly proceeding may be repeat-
ed over and over and over again. Why, sir, if
this had been the law when the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Soilt'itz] was naturalized, that
Senator, who has rendered such great services
to this country, and commands so much of our
esteem, might be dragged up every year of
hi.-, life, though a Senator here, to show what
l ight he has to his certificate of naturalization.
■So much for that. But the bill does not stop
here.
I have said, sir, that this is a bill that dis-
franchises naturalized voters. The Senator
from Delaware has remarked on that. It ren-
ders thousands of certificates of naturalization,
granted since the -lth of July, 1808, practically
null and void. It requires every man who has
been naturalized, the thousands upon thou-
sands who have been naturalized since the 4th
day of July, *1868, in cities of over one hundred
thousand inhabitants, to come forward and pro-
duce their muniments of title to citizenship, to
have them impounded and their validity tried.
And tried by whom? Here is a certificate of
naturalization granted by a circuit court of the
United States or by the supreme court of a
State since-the4th day of July, 1868, and under
this bill the man holding that certificate of
title to citizenship, holding the judgment of the
circuit court of the United States, or of the
supreme court of Ohio or Indiana, is to be
dragged up before a district court of the United
States.
But of course the district judge cannot try
all these matters. It is seen what a crowd of
business that would thrust upon him. The
judge could not try such cases and do any
other business at all. .What, then, does this
bill provide ? That he may refer that matter
to a commissioner; and that mere commis-
sioner appointed by the court—a little fellow
whose business itis to take accounts or do some
ministerial duty—that little man is by his
judgment to overturn the solemn judgment of
the supreme court of a State or the circuit
court of the United States, and disfran-
chise an American citizen, deprive him of
that which is dearer almost than life itself,
the right of citizenship in the country that he
loves, and in which he lives. Did you ever,
sir, hear of a thing so shocking, to put it into
the hands of a set of petty commissioners to
destroy the muniments of title to citizenship
of thousands and tens of thousands who
are now citizens?
Sir, I ought not perhaps to argue further
against this ; for 1 have no idea that this Sen-
ate will over allow any such thing to stand. I
will not believe it; I have too much respect
for the Senate. Although we are strong party
men on both sides, I do not believe that parti-
sanship runs so high in this Senate as to set
so monstrous an example. You might as well
take away from a man all his property on the
judgment, of some little commissioner like this
as to take away his citizenship ; and when you
take that^ away, recollect Senators, when you
deprive him of it you are depriving his children
too._ When you take from him bis muniment
of title to citizenship and declare it to be null
and void, his*wife and his children cease to
be citizens too. So that there are thousands
and tens of thousands, perhaps I should say
hundreds of thousands, who are thus to be
deprived or in danger of being deprived of
their citizenship by the judgments of a set of
little commissioners appointed by the district
com ts.
Then, Mr. President, there are other pro-
visions in this bill that, if I were notoccupying
too much time and thereby doing injustice to
other Senators who may desire to speak, 1
would take noticc of; but 1 will cut short my
i e,marks after referring to a most extraordinary
section in the bill. It is section nine. 1 have
counted them up, and this section creates more
than sixty indictable offenses, all of them pun-
ishable by fineor imprisonment, or both, in the
discretion of the court. Another section of the
bill creates a number more, which 1 have not
counted. My friend on my left [Mr. Casseiily]
says ho has countcd more than eighty indict-
able offenses created by this bill, is it not
time to stop ? The statutes of the United States
are becoming loaded down with laws inflicting
pams and penalties. I do not know of a couti-
try iu the world which has such a code of crim-
inal law as we are fast making in the statutes
of the Federal Government. With the laws
that have already enacted, and with such
a law as this and others that may be meditated,
it becomes almost impossible lor a man to do I
anything or omit to do anything without being
subject to indictment in a Federal court. There
never was a worse policy in the world.
Mr. DAYIS. I will ask my honorable friend
if Congress ought not, to provide for a census-
taker, if I may use the term, to enumerate and
describe the characteristics of crimes, and the
punishment, for the various offenses which the
Radical party have created since they came
into power ?
Mr. TH URMAN. I have no doubt the pres-
ent Superintendent of the Census, Dr. Walker,
would try to do it, if you would only put it in
the census bill; but he would have hard work.
Ho would have almost as hard work as he had
in those celebrated instructions of his to assist-
ant marshals in regard to diseases, in which
he tells them that in their returns "it is desir-
able that distinction should be made between
acuteand chronic bronchitis, acute and chronic
diarrhea, acute and chronic dysentery, acute
and chronic rheumatism, as causes of death ;"
that " cerebro spinal meningitis should not be
confounded with either brain or spinal disease;"
that "died of cold water" is nearly as objec-
tionable as "died of hemorrhage" or ''died of
intemperance;" and that "great care should
be exercised about reporting old age a cause
of death," [laughter,] and much more of the
same sort. I suppose the genius that could
confer such powers of perception and vast
knowledge upon a deputy assistant taker of
the census might be able to find out what out-
law commissioners have not in several years
been able to find, what are all the crimes and
offenses defined in our statues. I think it had
better be referred to Dr. Walker. He is the
very man for the business.
Mr. President., it is not right that ourstatutes
should bristle all over with pains and penal-
ties. In regard to the criminal law of a coun-
try it may be said, with great propriety, that
while it ought to be efficient it ought, on'the
other band, not to create too large an array of
offenses; for the result is either one of two
things, namely, that people are unreasonably
persecuted by prosecutions, or the law becomes
so obnoxious that it is not enforced at all.
You overdo the thing when you load down
your statute-bookin that way ; for the common
sense of mankind, the common feelings of
humanity in our bosoms, revolt against such
tyrannical laws, and they become dead letters,
only to be used, now and then, to gratify the
malice of some one who seeks to wreak ven-
geance upon another. *
There, is one other thing that tends to show
how this bill is drawn for the purpose of pre-
venting naturalization, and that is the extraor-
dinary fees which are provided. See what
the commissioner is to have. Section eleven
provides—■
That for the services required by this or any other
net relating to tbe naturalization of aliens the tol-
lowinu;, ami no oilier, fees shall be taken, namely, tor
taking and tiling or for filing the declaration ol' in-
tention to any alien to. become a citizen, and tho
affidavits iclatinff thereto, fifty eenU; ioi determin-
ing whether iho alien shall or fhail not be adjudi-
cated a ciri7.cn, SI 50—
That makes two dollars—
for oachdfty'sserviee by any comtnis-inner in taking
testimony, six del tars, a ml uttlint rate tor any portion
of a day of cisht hwui,-.; the applicant and the paity
opposing an implication each paying for the to~ri-
mony by them respectively taken; and the same
fees shall be allowed ior authenticated copies oi
proceedings in naturalization as are allowed ioi tike
services to United Htates commissioners—
I hat is twenty-five cents per hnnd red words—
and no fees shall be allowed for issuing the cer-
tificate ol naturalization.
Six dollars a day. Here it is made directly
the interest of the commissioner to keep the
application for naturalization pending, to keep
it on the anvil, to encourage the intermeddier
who opposes it, mid to have witness after wit-
ness examined in opposition, for all the while
he gets six dollars for every day he sits. I ask
