3486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
visions of this section. I confess I do not
know. I am an older lawyer than he is ; I
have tried a great many cases ; I have studied
statutes very carefully; but I confess my entire
ignorance of what is meant by this phrase: " if
any such person or officer shall refuse or know-
ingly omit to give full effect to this section."
1 pass from that and come to section three:
That whenever, by or under the authority of the
constitution or laws of any State, or the laws of any
Territory, any act is or shall be required to be done
by nny citizen as a prerequisite to qualify or entitle
him to vote, the offer of any such citizen to perform
the act required to be done, as aforesaid, shall, if it
failed to bo carried into execution by reason of the
wrongful act or omission aforesaid of the person or
olliccr charged with the duty of receiving or permit-
ting such performance, or offer to perform or acting
thereon, be deemed ana held as aperformance in law
of such act.
That is to say, if the offer of a citizen to
perform the act to be done shal'l fail to be
carried into execution by reason of the wrong-
ful act or omission, it shall be deemed to be a
performance. And then what? Then the judges
of election are required to allow that man to
vote upon his presenting his affidavit of the
fact stated in the previous part of this section,
without any contradiction whatsoever. There
is no door open to contradiction. He may be
swearing to the basest falsehood that ever fell
from the lips of a man; he may not have offered
to do the thing; or if he did offer, he may not
have been prevented by any wrongful act or
omission of the registering officers or other
functionaries; and yet, although they might be
able to prove by a hundred witnesses that the
man was committing perjury, his affidavit is to
be taken as conclusive evidence of the fact, and
he is to be allowed to vote.
But let us go a little further. Not only is
he to be allowed to vote; but the judge of elec-
tion or the person who is to count the vote,
if he do not receive and count that person's
vote npon his mere affidavit, which he is not
permitted to contradict, forfeits the sum of
$500 "to the person aggrieved thereby;" that
is, to the man who makes the affidavit. In
other words, you hold out a plain, clear in-
ducement to a man to commit perjury. You
give him $500 if he will swear falsely. There
may or may not be one word of truth in what
he says. It may be said you can convict him
of perjury if he swears falsely. How can you
do it? Let me put a case. Here is a regis-
trar, a man whose business it is to register
votes. A B says he came and offered to regis-
ter and to show that he was qualified before
that man. In truth it may be that he never
did any such thing; but he says so, and he
goes to the election and makes an affidavit of
that fact. The registrar may swear that he
never did any such thing. That would be
oath against oath; and yet he must be allowed
to vote, and if the officer refuses to receive his
vote here is a fine of $500 to the man him-
self who has taken this false oath. How are
you to convict him of perjury? You cannot
do it. There may be the oath of the registrar
against his oath; but every lawyer knows you
must have more than the oath of one man to
convict another man of peijury. You must
have two witnesses, or one witness and strong
corroborating circumstances.
By this bill—and this is only one of the in-
stances, as I shall show before I get through—
you put it absolutely in the power of an un-
scrupulous man to put $500 in his pocket every
time he is willing to tell a falsehood in the
shape of an affidavit. Not only do yon put
it in the power of an unscrupulous man, but
you put it in the power of wicked men, or
men who are ignorantand those who use ignor-
ant men for their purposes. Take a negro
who cannot read or write. How easy it is to
persuade that man that he has appeared before
the registrar and offered to do all that was
necessary to entitle him to vote, when in point
of fact he would have no clear distinct knowl-
edge of anything he was to do at all in the
premisesj and yet you allow the man who has
really offered to do nothing that the register is
required to exact of him, who is acting hon-
estly but ignorantly, the right to go and make
his affidavit and get his vote without comply-
ing with the State law; and not only do you
give him that right, but you give him the right
to have $500 put in his pocket if he can con-
vict any one of these officials upon that oath.
Let m e go a little further with thi s bill. That
is not all. Not only are the $500 to be given
to this common informer, and to be given upon
such testimony as I have stated, but the officer
is also to be subject to indictment and a further
fine, and also to be imprisoned:
And shall, on conviction thereof, be fined not less
than $500, and be imprisoned not less than one month
and not more than one year.
Now, sir, let us come to the fourth section: i
That if any person by force, bribery, threats, intim- ,
idation, or otherwise, shall hinder, delay, prevent, 1
or obstruct, or attempt to hinder, delay, prevent, or 1
obstruct any citizen from doing any act authorized
by this act to be done to qualify him to vote or from
voting at any election as aforesaid, such person shall
for overy such offense forfeit and pay the sum of
8500 to the person aggrieved thereby— \
Here comes your $500 again to a common
informer—
to be recovered by an action on the case with full ■
costs and such allowanoe for counsel fees as the court
shall deem j ust, and shall also for every such offense i
be guilty ot a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be fined not less than $500, and be imprisoned
not less than one month and not more than one year. |
Here it is again: $500 to the informer, $500 ,
to the United States, with imprisonment added. 1
Now, look at the practical effect of such a
section a3 that. It says if any man shall, not
simply hinder or prevent, but "if anybody
shall by force, bribery, threats, intimidation, or
otherwise shall hinder," &c. I should like to
know what that "otherwise" means? Our
learned Judiciary Committee, in drawing up a
criminal statute, uses such language as this,
" that if any person by force, bribery, threats,
intimidation, or otherwise shall hinder, delay,
prevent, or obstruct;" that is to say, if I per-
suade my friend Carpenter not to vote at all
I am liable to pay him $500, and to pay $500
to the United States, and to be imprisoned.
If I persuade him, if I reason with him, and
say to him, "Come, now, do not let you and
me vote;" and by my persuasion, by my
"otherwise," I hinder or prevent him from
voting on that occasion, forsooth, I am liable
to be indicted under this section, and also to
pay him $500, with costs and snch counsel
fees as the court may prescribe. Or if I per-
suade him to pair off with me and I then vote,
and in that way should humbug him, by break-
ing my pair, I should be subject to this pen-
alty. If I broke my pair I should deserve to
be punished, I admit; but I do not think this
is the way in which to do it. This is a crim-
inal statute which provides for punishing a
man for hindering or "otherwise" preventing
persons from voting. But that is not all. It
extends to all who shall hinder or prevent,
"or attempt to hinder, delay, or obstruct."
What certainty of description! What cer-
tainty there is in such an offense as that I
What is the attempt to hinder or prevent? I
should like to know what is the attempt to
delay. If I undertake to reason with a man
as he goes to the polls that he ought to vote
for A B instead of C D, and we stop on the
road side and reason the matter, talk it over,
and that delays {he man, I suppose if they can'
make out that I did it with a bad motive that
would be held to be an attempt to delay the
man from voting.
What is the punishment for that? If I at-
tempt in that way to delay or hinder a man
from voting the man is entitled to $500 for it,
and I must be indicted and pay $500 to the
United States and go to prison besides. Does
not everybody see that it puts men completely in
the power of the unscrupulous ? What man,
pray, is safe with such a statute as this ? There
is no man against -whom some bad man cannot
swear, if disposed to make money out of him,
some offense under this bill. Here is a reward
of $500 for false swearing. There is no man
against whom such a villain may not swear
that he attempted to hinder or delay or pre-
vent his voting. You put men completely at
the mercy of those who swear falsely, and add
the inducement to swear falsely of $500 into
their pockets. That is the effect of this act.
Sir, has any State ever found it necessary to
pass such a law as this? Has not the purity
of the ballot-box been preserved as well as it
ever has been preserved in any country where
there were elections without such enormities as
these? And has it come to be that the adop-
tion of your fifteenth amendment or anything
else has made it necessary thus to offer a pre-
mium for perjury and to put every man in the
community at the mercy of a villain ?
But, sir, that is not all; let us now come to
the fifth section; and here I want the attention
of my friend from Nevada, who fathers and
champions this bill. Let U3 look at this fifth
section and see what a beautiful thing it is in
the eye of a lawyer. I want some exposition
of this, and if it should pass into a law the
courts will need some exposition of it I am sure:
"That any person who shall be deprived of any
office, except that of member of Congress or member
of a State Legislature, by reason of a violation of tho
provisions of this act-
That is, by not allowing people to vote who
are entitled to vote—
shall be entitled to recover possession of such offico
by writ of mandamus.
Ye gods! a writ of mandamus to recover
possession of an office! Suppose somebody
is counted in as Governor of Ohio by the
Legislature, as our constitution provides ; the
vote is counted and the man is declared to be
elected Governor of Ohio, is inaugurated, and
the other party, the defeated candidate, goes
to the district court and asks the court for a
mandamus to get possession of the office. Will
the gentleman tell me to whom that mandamus
will be directed ? A mandamus is a writ that
commands somebody to do something. If it
is an alternative writ it commands somebody
to do something or show cause why he does not
do it. To whom will your writ of mandamus
go to put the defeated candidate into the
possession of the gubernatorial chair of Ohio ?
Shall it be a writ of mandamus to the incum-
bent to get out? Shall that be it? In other
words, shall it be a writ of quo warranto ? If
it is, then it is not a writ of mandamus; that
is all I have to say.
Take any other case, say that of a judge.
A judge of the supreme court of a State is
elected and duly commissioned by the Gover-
nor, and the defeated candidate goes to Judge
Leavitt, of Cincinnati, to get a mandamus to
put himself, the defeated candidate, in posses-
sion. I should like to know to whom the man-
damus is to be directed.
Mr. STEWART. I ask if the writ of man-
damus is never a proper proceeding for the
purpose of getting possession of an office ?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer that ques-
tion, and I will show the only case in which it
is a proper proceeding. A mandamus is never
a proper proceeding in cases of contested elec-
tion. The cases to which it applies are where
a man, for instance, in England, is entitled to
be a burgess; &mandamus issues to the corpor-
ation to admit him if he is wrongfully excluded
from his right. If a person is a corporator,
and the other stockholders exclude him from
his right as a corporator, a mandamus will lie
to compel them to receive and admit him as a
corporator. But in no case whatsoever is a
mandamus the proper remedy for the purpose
of trying the question between A B and C D,
which of them is entitled to an office.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator will observe
that the words " or other appropriate proceed-
ing" are also there; and if a mandamus is
appropriate—I will not discuss in what case it
is; but if it is appropriate in any case, that is
a sufficient provision.
Mr. THURMAN. As is suggested to me
