1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. COX. I want to offer a resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. I am willing to yield to
the gentleman if the proposition will not lead
to debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order.
I was not allowed an opportunity to submit a
few remarks on the resolution adopted a few
moments ago.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I must insist on my
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
for the purpose of resuming the consideration
of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. COX. I addressed the Chair while the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] was mak-
ing some irrelevant remarks about that clap-
trap tariff resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] is not in order. The gentle-
man, it is true, addressed the Chair while the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] occupied
the floor; but of course he could not be recog-
nized at that time.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe I must insist upon
my motion.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to rae ;
that I may introduce a joint resolution ? j
Mr. SARGENT. I will do so if there is no i
objection.
Mr. COX. I object to anybody yielding to
auybody.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
must proceed or surrender the Boor. i
unrolled joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint res- j
olution of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) to pass to
the credit of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers the funds belonging to it,
for the relief of sick and wounded soldiers.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I now insist on my motion
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mercur in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the first special
order, being House bill No. 1169, making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th of June, 1871,
and for other purposes.
The pending paragraph was the following:
For pay of clerk to superintendent of Indian
affairs at St. Louis, Missouri, $1,600.
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Lawrence, to strike out "$1,600."
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the only
amendment pending is of a merely formal char-
acter. I would suggest to gentlemen who desire
to discuss the question of Indian policy, the
question whether appropriations shall be made
under treaties or made in accordance with this
bill where treaties are not reported upon, that
they wait until we reach the third page of the
bill, where such discussion will be in order. I
ask, therefore, that the pending amendment be
withdrawn, and that unless some gentleman
desires to propose an amendment to change
the amount or character of the appropriations
on the second page, we proceed until we reach
the item relative to Apaches, Kiowas, and
Coiriauches, at which point general remarks
will be more in order.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. Under the direction of
the Committee on Appropriations I moved
on Saturday to strike out lines eight and nine,
"for pay of clerk to superintendent of Indian
affairs at St. Louis, Missouri, $1,600," because
there is no clerk to the superintendent at St.
Louis. In lines twelve and thirteen 1 move to
insert that amount, so the bill will then read,
"for temporary clerks to superintendents,
$6,600." It is the same amount of money,
and is now placed where it can be used legally.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Blackfeet, Bloods, and Piegans :
For this amount.tobeexpendcdinsucbgoods.pro-
visions, and otherarticles as tbe President may from
time to time deterinino, including insurance and
transportation thereof, in instructing in agricultural
and mechanical pursuits, in providing employes, edu-
cating children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance,care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said Indians,
and in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, $30,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to strikeout the
last word. Mr. Chairman, when yourgavel fell
on Friday last it broke in two the statement
which I was then proceeding to make. I
had expressed the opinion that while savage
Indians 
Mr. AXTELL. I make the point of order
that the continuation of the gentleman's re-
marks which were broken in two is not in order,
not being pertinent to the amendment under
consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I wish
it understood that in my mind there is a wide
distinction between the wild, savage, brutal
Indians, who are irreconcilableaud determined
on war, and those who by any means can be
brought to peaceable conduct. I would join
the committee in recommending thi3 bill. I
would join the benevolent gentlemen on the
other side of this House in any and all endeav-
ors to bring the Indians within the national
limits to a peaceable policy. That is what I
understand to be the policy of the Govern-
ment. The policy is to extend the olive branch,
verdant, beautiful, fragrant, and by ail means
of civilization and all influences of Christianity
to bring them to a peaceable mode of life if
possible. But, sir, when all means have been
exhausted; when all means have been exerted
in vain; when it becomes absolutely neces-
sary for the protection of the lives and prop-
erty of settlers that you must strike, then the
policy is to strike hard blows ; not as against
women and children, but as against the Indian
in his camp. If women will fight with guns
in their hands, if children be put upon the
ramparts with guns in their hands, they may
be killed. The fact is, in these Indian wars
the women fight like the men, and women
may be killed dressed as men, their sex not
being discovered until after they are' dead,
and then only when some one goes out to see
what was the sex of the warriors who fought..
The truth is they, are educated from child-
hood in tbe school of blood, and the Indian
never considers he or she is worthy of honor
in the tribe until the scalp is exhibited as evi-
dence. Gentlemen who are horrified at what
has been stated should read the report of Gen-
eral Sheridan of last year, in which it appears
that eight hundred lives had been sacrificed on
the frontier and $50,000 worth of property had
been taken before a hard blow was struck. They
had been years on the war-path, committing
atrocities and inhumanities unutterable and
scarcely fit to be heard. Gentlemen will find
it there. And gentlemen had better read these
things before they put on the broad brim and
come here to justify these Indians as against
white people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Irenewit. I desire
to state here, distinctly and emphatically, that
I indorse every word that has fallen from the
lips of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ste-
venson.] 1 know, Mr. Chairman, that there
is a humanitarian sentiment in the land about
these Indians which is particularly expressed
by gentlemen who are remarkably eloquent on
subjects which they know nothing about. I
indorse the order of General Phil. Sheridan ;
I indorse the act of General Hancock. I
indorse the conduct of Colonel Baker in the
fight, not in killing the women and the pa-
pooses ; but yet, through a singularity perhaps
of the mountain air, these papooses become
warriors, and the women, too, take the war-
path. What are the facts? The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] says that these
Indians, these Piegans, had gone into winter
quarters. From where had they so gone into
winter quarters? From the war-path, with
murder upon their track, with their scalping-
knives yet reeking with the blood of Malcolm
Clarke, whom they butchered less than twenty-
five miles from my home; from the war-path,
on which they had gone to destroy the white
settlers, and wipe them out. The two sons of
Malcolm Clarke led the party of Colonel Baker
to where these Indians were encamped, that
their father's death might be avenged.
Ah! Mr. Chairman, when gentlemen from the
Eastshall learn this Indian question thoroughly,
I do not think this humanitarian policy will
obtain so largely. These Indians, the Piegans,
the Blackfeet, and the Bloods, in the Territory
of Montana, during last summer, and eversince
the Territory was organized and long before
its organization, have been robbing and mur-
dering the people of that Territory. It has not
been safe for any man to cross the plains, either
in Colorado, Nebraska, Kansas, Arizona, or
Utah. The gentleman from Arizona [Mr.
McCormick] well knows the atrocities which
have been committed in his Territory—atro-
cities that shock humanity—atrocities that are
nameless; ay, Mr. Chairman, nameless muti-
lations of both men and women. I have wit-
nessed these with my own eyes, committed by
tbe Indians of Minnesota and Colorado.
And yet, Mr. Chairman, there is another
view, I admit, of this question. It is not the
Department at Washington, it is not the Admin-
istration of the Government that is to blame.
But 1 arraign the members of this House to-day
for not placing in the hands of the Department
the proper means to maintain their treaty stip-
ulations with the Indians.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] and renewed by the gentle-
man from Montana, [Mr. Cavanaugh.] 1 desire
the country to understand what is this humane
provision of the bill which these gentlemen op-
pose. I shall read it for the purpose of calling
the attention, not only of the committee, but of
the country, to what it is that these gentlemen
oppose. The paragraph is as follows:
For this amount to be expended in such goods, pro-
visions, and other articles as the President may from
time to time determine, including insurance and
transportation thereof, in instructing in agricultural
and mechanical pursuits, in providing employes,
educating children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said Indians,
and in any other respect to promote their civilization,
comfort, and improvement, $30,000.
That is what the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] and the gentleman from Montana
[Mr. Cavanaugh] desire to have stricken out
from this bill. They propose to strike out the
very word which gives it effect, namely, the
money which the bill appropriates.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to correct the
gentleman.
Mr. AXTELL. I decline to yield.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman does
not desire to be corrected.
Mr. AXTELL. The gentleman proposes to
strike out the amount appropriated by this
section^ and unless he does it in good faith
he is trifling with the committee. If he moves
it in good faith he strikes out the benevolent
portion of the bill, that which appropriates
money to improve in agriculture, to educate,
to care forthe orphan children, and to treat the
Indians as if they were human beings; and in
