m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
one advising the Legislature to degrade itself and
the State by voluntarily reseating the negro and
adopting the fifteenth amendment, in advance, too,
of either requirement being made or forced upon it
by Congress. If the State is destined to have these
measures forced upon her, why it can only submit to
the inflictions as its brave and patriotic people, un-
able to resist them, have hitherto submitted to all
others embraced in the several acta of reconstruc-
tion. But let it do so, in God's name, as a con-
quered province,' and Hot as a freewill offering or
as a sovereign State. Let it preserve its honor even
if it be forced to submit to a power it cannot and
does not propose to overcome."
General Morgan's Letter in reply to Colonel Tift.
Editor of the Albany News:
In your paper of the 3d instant you published a
letter from fion.C. B. Wooten to Hon. Nelson Tift,
and the reply of Hon. Mr. Tift, which you are pleased
to commend as "words of wisdom solemnly pro-
nounced."
The brief space in your columns does not allow
such a reply to the two honorables as would bo desir-
able, but justice to the people of Georgia requires that
gome reply should be made, and the misrepresent-
ations heretofore circulated and repeated by the
honorable gentlemen above named should bo cor-
rected and the deduction drawn therefrom repudi-
ated.
lion. C. B. Wooten oommonces his letter in these
words:
"Bear Sir: The General Assembly at its last
session adopted a joint resolutionsubmitting to the
decision of the supremo court the question as to the
right of the colored man to hold office in Georgia.
That tribunal has deolared irr favor of the disputed
right. Itia,Ibelieve, generally understood that this
resolution imports a pledge on the part of the Legis-
lature to be governed by that decision in the case of
the colored men who now claim seats in the legis-
lative halls of the State."
Now. no one knows, or ought to know, better than
Hon. 0. B. "Wooten that the Legislature at its last
session adopted no resolution importing a pledge to
be governed by the decision of tho supreme court
in the cases of the colored men who now claim seats
in the legislativehalls of the State. No such resolu-
tion was adopted by the Legislature; but, on the
contrary, tho one which was finally adopted, after
much labor and tribulation, plodged nothing, and
was not intondod by the Loprislaturo ever to oxpress
a desire to submit tho question, so far as tho mem-
bers of the Legislature wore concorncd, to tho arbi-
trament of tho supreme court. In tho language of
Governor Bullock in his veto mossago, it did not
pledge "the body adopting tho resolution to abido
by such decision in regard to theirown membership,
or oven indicato a disposition to do so."
The correctness of this assertion may bo easily
learned by consulting the journal of tho sonatc and
houao.
On tho 4th day of February, tho day upon which
tho much-talked of resolution passed tholieuse, the
journal sayB:
" The Senate then took up tho special order of tho
day, tho samobqing tho resolution as offered by Mr.
Webom, providing for tho appointment of a com-
mittor compo8edof tho Hons. Joseph E.Brown, J.
It. Parrott, and Alexander H. Stephens, to proceed
to Washington city, &c.
" Mr. Jordan ottered the following as a substitute,
to wit:
"Resolved by the Senate and Jfouse of Representatives
(^f the titate of Georgia, That in view of th e discrepancy
of opinions existing as to tho right of the colored
citizens of this State to hold office under tho consti-
tution and laws theroof, and it boing the oarnost
desire of this Legislature that an early and direct
decision of thequestion may bo mado by thesupreme
court,
"Jteaolved further % That this Legislature disclaims
all desire or intention to deny to any citizen of this
State any political rightorfranchisetowhichhomay
be entitled under tho constitution and laws of this
State or of the United States, and that it will abido
by and acquiesce in such j udicial decision as tho said
court may pronounce.
"Mr. Colman offered the following as an amend-
ment to come in after tho preamble in the resolution
as(offered by Mr. Welborn, to wit:
Resolved, Thatthercsolution adoptedby thisbody
during its last session by which its colored members,
on account of their color alone, were declared ineli-
gible to seats in this body and expelled therefrom,
and the whites who received the next highest num-
ber of votes seated in their stead, be, and the same
are hereby, rescinded, and the colored members thus
deprived of their seats are hereby declared eligible
thereto, and entitled to resumetheir seats at once.
liesolved. further, That those white men who were
thus seated shall at once vacate thesame, and thesec-
retary of the senate is hereby prohibited from calling
their names as members of this body, but will ex-
punge the same from the roll and at once enter and
call the names of the said colored members in lieu
thereof.
"After debate Mr. Welbornmovedtowithdrawhis
resolution; whereupon the yeas and nays were re-
quired to he recorded, and are—yeas 21, nays 10.
Those voting in the affirmative are :
Messi®. Adams, Anderson, Burns, Chandler
Corbitt, Fain, GigniJhat, Graham, Griffin 6th
Hmton, Jlolcombe, Jordan, Lester, McArthur,
MoOutehen, McWhortcr, Moore, Nesbitt, Nunnallv
Smith 7th. Smith 36th, Speer, Welch, Winn.
|(Those voting in the negative are :
xr Adkins, Brock, Colman, Dickey, Harris,
xiungerford, Jones, Richardson, Sherman, Stringer.
" So the resolution was withdrawn..
" On the same day and just before tlie adoption of
Mr. Price's resolution in the House,
" Mr.. Lee, of Newton, offered a resolution referring
the eligibility of colored members to seats in this
house to the supreme court now in session; which
resolution was lost.
"Hence it will be perceived that neither the sen-
ate or house intended to submit the question of the
eligibility of colored members to seats in the Legisla-
ture to the supreme court.
"In the Democratic caucus this had been settled
before the adoption of the resolution, and Mr. Price's
resolution, wfiieh was originally drawn with the in-
tention of submitting the whole matter to thedecision
of the supreme court, was amended so as not to
pledge the Legislature in any manner or form, but
to leave the question with the people. Hence it is
that tho preamble of that resolution, which was not
changed, reads as though it was the intention of its
author to pledge those who adopted it to the decision
of the court.
" When the resolution was under consideration on
its final passage in the house, during the debate it
was stated by members, and"among others the writer
of this articlo, 4 that the Legislature was a coordinate
branch of the State government and coequal with
thesupreme court; that it had exclusive jurisdic-
tion in judging and determining the qualifications
of its own members, from which judgment when
pronounced there was no appeal, and with which the
supreme court or any other court had no right to
interfere. In questions of this nature the Legislature
was supreme and its decision wasa judicial decision,
and had been so held from time immemorial.
'"titaredeeisisvraa the law of the courts. The'ques-
tion, whether right or wrong, had been determined
by this Legislature, and was now settled forever. It
was res judicata; and no legislative bodyttheBritish
Parliament, the Congress of tho United States, or any
other, had ever been known to rescind its judgment
on a question of this kind when once made.'
"Under these impressions the Legislature acted,
and had the contrary impression prevailed the reso-
lutions never would have been adopted."
So much lor Hon. C. B. Wooten's statement of
tho intonded pledge by tho Legislature. Why he
desired to call out tho honorable member of Con-
gress from the second congressional district I do not
know, unless tho honorable gentleman from the
second wanted to get his obnoxious opinions "upon
tho situation" before the country. Tho inordinate
vanity and egotism displayed in every paragraph of
his answer is sufficiently disgusting without his
offonsive conclusions about reseating tho negroes
and the fifteenth amendment. The pronoun (I) in
the honorable gentleman's opinion is tho only letter
m tho alphabet. Ono would think, in reading his
letter, that ho was the onlymember in Congress from
Georgia, and, Atlas-like, sustained upon his broad
shoulders tho fato of tho whole country.
It is well known that on his return to Georgia for
the Christmas holidays he urged everywhere the
scheme of tho Legislature adopting a resolution sub-
mitting tho matter to tho supremo court in order to
obviate any action by Congress, and after he got
back to Washington wrote several letters to mem-
bers of tho Legislature urging it upon them. This
was then tho honorable gentleman's greatremedy
for all the threatened ills to Georgia, and after the
resolution passed in the form and under the circum-
stanoes it did he vvroto a long artiole^explaining to
the Logishituro his reasons for claiming his scat in
the lorty-iirst Congress, when all knew he had only
boon clucted to fill the unexpired term in Che For-
tieth, and with it sent his reasons why tho Logisla-
turo should vote on the fifteenth amendment
If the honorablemember ol Oongressfrom thesec-
ond congressional district is in favor of reseating,
and believes it light to repeat the negroes and vote
for tho fifteenth amendment, why is he not a Radi-
cal ? This is all tho Radicals want, and is all that
makes them opposed to Democrats in Georgia. These
are tho only two livo questions upon which we now
differ. Tho truth is the honorable wants his seat in
Congress and the.perquisites thereto belonging more
than ho does a white Lcgislaturo and freedom from
the evils of tho fifteenth or any other amendment.
If the honorable gentleman represented to Con-
gress that tho Legislature pledged itself to be con-
trolled in its future actipn about reseating the colored
members by the decision of the supreme court he
did what ho had no authority to do, and if any mem-
ber of Congress was deceived by the resolution it was
not the fault of tho Legislature, for its action was
public and its language sufficiently explicit and
plain to be understood.
Tho present Legislature never will reseat the ne-
groes, nor will it pass the fifteenth amendment.
These arc settled facts. For myself, I have been a
submissionist as long as I intend to be, and gone as
far as I intend to go, to gratify the unhallowed will
and domineering spirit of a corrupt Congress. The
more wc yield the more Congress demands. If there
is no sovereignty left in the State, if we are to have
no rights only as Congress in its hate and malice sees
proper to «ke them out to us, the sooner we know
the truth tho better.
If the Legislature should become craven enough
to reseat the negroes and pass the fifteenth amend-
mend, how long would it be suffered to go on in any
independent legislation ? Only until it passed some
act obnoxious to the sensitive puritans of Yankee-
dom; andwheneveritdidthe ukase of congressional
autocrats would be sent forth commanding us to
rescind, and if we did not comply there would come
again the threat of reconstruction—reconstruction
and military rule. H. MORGAN.
Mr. PAINE. I send also an extract from
the Atlanta Daily Intelligencer of the 28th
ultimo to be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Vital Issue in Georgia—Position of the True Dem-
ocracy.,
"This journal, as one of the accredited exponents
of the Democracy of Georgia, haspersistently opposed
any action of our people looking to the ratification
and indorsement of those schemes of reconstruction
whereby the Constitution of our fathers was sought
to be set aside. The southern confederacy—based
upon the thesis of State sovereignty and free gov-
ernment, principles long dear to us—we surrendered
fully and without the least mental reservation in
April, 1865, Thenceforth did we abandon forever all
of either hope or purpose longer to adhere to such
antiquated dogmas as made up the real issue of the
war. Emancipation was an accomplished fact j and
this result was accepted with little of regret, we be-
lieve, by all. Civil equality of the negro, his right
to sue and be sued, the legitimacy of his testimony
before our civil tribunals—in a word, his equality
before the law—we were prepared to concede as a
natural sequence of the revolution.
" These results were legitimate. They were the ne-
cessary sequence of the issue of the great conflict;
and we cheerfully accepted them as such. But when
it was proposed to go outside of the Constitution'
and aid the Republican party in fastening upon our
people burdens and humiliations which did not, as
we conceived, legitimately follow the result, we, in
thename of the national Democratic party, demurred
to the proceeding. Not that we questioned the au-
thority of the conquerer in the abstract, and as
sanctioned by the precedent of the Middle Ages, to
imposehis own terms regardless of the personal rights
or convenience of the vanquished, but that we dep-
ricated the impropriety, not to say self-abasement,
of imposing those indignities upon ourselves, oven
under the specious plea of 4 expediency.' We did
not consider the negro race as it then existed in
Georgia competent to exercise the elective franchise
intelligently and with safety to the principles of
republican government.
" Therefore, had our wishes been consulted, negro
suffrage andthepolitical equality of that race would
not have been imposed upon the State; still less, had
our counsels been heeded, would these results havo
been b rought about by the action of our own people.
Both, however, are upo.n us; they form part of the
political system of our Commonwealth, and it were
madness longer to contend against the inevitablo.
The past with its mistakes and indiscretions cannot
be recalled. We have to do with the present, with
an eyo to the future. Duty now makes it obligatory
on the part of every good citizen, much less the pub-
lic journal, to support the Government as it is ; and
this we shall continue to do conscientiously despito
the peevish assaults of petty rivals or the railings of
mere madmen and fanatics.
" But this does not imply, never did imply, a pur-
pose to advocate the ratification of the fifteenth
amendment. _ We regard that as a-dangerous measure
of consolidation, wrong in principle and wholly un-
necessaryandkiexpedientin policy. The Democracy
of Georgiashould stand aloof from this thing as being
the embodiment of all that seeks to undermine and
destroy those fundamental principles of free gov-
ernment which it is the boast of the Democracy to
sustain. Neither has the Democracy of'Georgiaany-
thing to do with the movement looking to the rein-
stallment of negro members of the Legislature, That
is a question of law merely; or at least would have
been had Congress admitted the State to representa-
tion before this bccamo a question at all. But as
Georgia is still practically unreconstructed, still de-
prived of constitutional rights as a member of the
Union the issue properly lies with Congress, not with
the Georgia Legislature. Least of all can Democrats
advocate either the restoration of the colored mem-
bers or the ratification of the fifteenth amendment,
x or while the Democracy of Georgia is fully pre-
pared to submit to the ruling of Congress in this
matter—they will submit, because they cannot do
otherwise—they are not yet prepared to indorse a
measure which they have persistently and consist-
ently fought for three years.
"Therefore do we hope andbelieve thattheLegisla-
turo at its ensuing session will proceed to the business
legitimately before it. and not attempt to stultify it-
self before the eyes of the world, and in the abandon-
ment of the principles of the Democratic party, by
going back upon its record and playing sccond fiddlo
to Republicanism! If Congress interferes and imposes
additional terms, or makes it necessary to convoke
the provisional Legislature, restore the negroes, and
expel# certain white members, why, we can only
submit; that would certainly be preferable to self-
abasement. We can but submit in future as in the
past. The result would be the same in either case,
except that in the latter we preserve the integrity,
principles, unity, and organization of the Democratic
party, whereas in the former we abandon everything.''
Mr. BECK. I would ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] whether the paper just
read is not signed by a man who is occupying
the seat of one of the colored members of the
State Legislature, and whether he was not a
member of the committee that reported in favor
of Governor Bullock, and whose report was
overruled by the Legislature?
Mr. PAINE. It was so stated by Mr. Tift
before the Committee on Reconstruction. Be-
