1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5875
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I have been
trying for a long time to get up the Australian
steamship bill, a bill which is, in my judgment,
of more importance than any bill now pending
before Congress. It affects our material in-
terests. The interests of our commerce are
directly involved in it; and unless the bill is
passed at this session it will be of no conse-
quence, because those with whom we are to
join in this service will not, after this session,
join, because they will have to make arrange-
ments with an English company. I do hope
the Senate will realize the gTeat importance of
this measure. The Senate will bear me wit-
ness that I have forborne to bring before the
Senate personal or private bills so far as pos-
sible. I have forborne to call up matters of
great personal consideration to myself, or to
take up the time of the Senate. I do hope
the Senate will see the importance of passing
this great public measure.
Mr. THAYER. How long will it take ?
Mr. COLE. Not very long.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
of business is entirely under the control of the
Senate, and they must decide it.
Mr. STEWART. I yield to the Senator from
Michigan to get up his bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Senator from Michigan is entitled to the floor,
and moves that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the Georgia bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course the bringing
up of the Georgia bill will lead to a very pro.-
tracted discussion. I do not know what the
Senate will do. The Senate and the House
both agreed to a bill that should compel an
election in Georgia next fall, which is the only
subject upon which they did agree. Now, the
bill comes here in a shape different entirely
from that passed by the House originally and
that passed by the Senate. It is not in accord
with the view which the Senate expressed by
a very decided vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The merits
of the bill cannot be discussed on this motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has not been referred
at all. It has been laid on the table and printed.
It has not been before any committee of this
body. Of coarse it will lead to a great deal of
controversy. There is no understanding that
I know of in regard to the bill. I presume the
Senator from Michigan has his own views in
reference to it, or else he would not move to
take it up. What those views are I do not
know; but I know very well that there is a
contrariety of opinion in regard to the bill.
Whether it is best to take it up now, to the ex-
clusion of all other bills, is for the Senate to
determine. I did not expect it to be called up
this afternoon.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we had better make
one further effort to try to finish the Georgia
bill, and if possible, to admit that State to
representation. It is a matter of great public
interest, which we cannot very well ignore,
altho-ugh it is late in the session. I do not
apprehend that there will be a great deal of
discussion about it. I can hardly imagine that
Senators will wish toreoccupy the ground which
we have already passed over in the discussion
of this great measure. I hope it will be taken
up.
Mr. PRATT. I am very desirous that the
Senate should take up the Calendar. It has
been a long time since it lias been called. A
great many bills have been reported, and are
on the Calendar, to which no objection what-
ever exists, and it is of importance that they
should be acted upon soon if they are to be
acted upon during the present session of Con-
gress in the House of Representatives. I there-
fore move that the Calendar be taken up,
beginning at No. 541 in the order of business.
Mr. THAYER. Is that where we left off
before ?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir; immediately after
the bill granting a pension to Mary Lincoln.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. While a
m otion is pending to proceed to the consider-
ation of one bill, it cannot be antagonized by
moving to proceed to the consideration of
another bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. While this discussion is
going on, and Senators are arranging as to
what shall be considered, 1 wish to offer a reso-
lution of inquiry ; and I ask to have it consid-
ered now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Iftherebeno
objection, the Chair will receive the resolution.
emancipation in cuba.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
7leftolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if not incompatible with tho
public interests, any information in his possession
relating to the emancipation of slavery in Cuba.
claims on great britain.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if compatible with the pub-
lic interest, copies of any correspondence between
the United States andftreat Britain concerning ques-
tions pending between the two countries not hereto-
fore communicated.
louis m. edge.
Mr. BAYARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1914) to relieve the estate held
by Louis M. Edge from succession tax and
stamp tax, to report it back without amend-
ment ; and I ask that it be considered at this
time. It will lead to no debate whatever, and
will not occupy a moment.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will not inter-
vene to obstruct my motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust my friend from
Michigan will allow the bill to be passed. It
will not occupy a moment. There will be no
debate upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. Are you perfectly sure of
that ?
Mr. BAYARD. I am very sure there will
not be debate. It is reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be reported for information, subject to objec-
tion.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. The pre-
amble recites that Louis M. Edge, during his
lifetime, held the legal title to certain church
and school properties in the States of Massa-
chusetts and New York, the equitable estate
being in the members of congregations worship-
ing there; that Edge departed this life upon
the 23d day of February, 1870, possessed of the
legal title to the properties of the congregations,
having first devised by his last will and testa-
ment, dated April 11, 1804, and duly probated
at Philadelphia, March 14,1870,all theproperty
standing in his name to one Patrick Stanton,
of Pennsylvania ; that the State of Massachu-
setts, in the month of March, 1870, and the
State'ofNew York, in the month of April, 1870,
have incorporated the pastors and members of
the congregations of the churches the titles to
which were held by Edge as bodies-politic," to
have and to hold those properties; that Patrick
Stanton has by deed dated the 23d day of April,
1870, conveyed, for the consideration of one
dollar, all the property held by Edge during his
lifetime in the State of Massachusetts to the
Augustinian Society of Lawrence, chartered by
the Legislature of Massachusetts, and intends
forthwith to convey the property held by Edge
during his lifetime in the State of New York,
for a like consideration of one dollar, to the
Augustinian Society of New York. The bill
therefore provides that tho property held by
Louis M. Edge during his lifetime, and con-
veyed or intended to be forthwith conveyed by
his devisee, Patrick Stanton, to the xlugustin-
ian Society of Lawrence and the Augustinian
Society of New York, shallbe exempted from
the operation of so much of the internal revenue
law, approved July 1, 1862, and its amend-
ments, as subjects that property to legacy or
succession tax, or stamp tax upon the deeds
of 1 atrick Stanton to the Augustinian Society
of Lawrence and the Augustinian Society of
New York.
Mr. MORTON. I object.
Mr. HOWARD. I inquire whether this bill
has been referred to a committee, and reported
upon ?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir. It is the unan-
imous report of the Committee ou Finance;
and it is in strict accordance with an act
already passed by this body at the present
session, exempting charitable and educational
bequests from taxation.
Mr. STEWART. Let it pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That being
the fact, and the fact being further that this
estate has not already paid the tax, I shall
make no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
r.oy.) Does the Senator from Indiana with-
draw his objection?
Mr. MORTON. If there is no further objec-
tion, I do.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make an in-
quiry 
Mr. MORTON. Then I shall object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made 
Mr. BAYARD. The objection is withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 84) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the
case of the British steamer Labuan;
A bill (S. No. 85) to carry into effect the two
several decrees of the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Louisiana in the
cases of the British vessels Volant and Science;
A bill (S. No. 80) to carry into effect the
decree of the district conrtof the United States
for the district of Louisiana in the case of the
British schooner Flying Scud and her cargo;
A bill (S. No. 87) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the district of Louisiana in the case of the
British brig Dashing Wave and her cargo ;
A bill (S. No. 88) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the
case of the English schooner Sibyl and her
cargo;
bill (S. No. 147) granting a pension to
William B. Looney, of Alabama;
A bill (S. No. 831) for the relief of Baron
Creutz, of the Netherlands; and
A bill (S. No. 846) granting a pension to
Rebecca Shoemaker.
order of b0sijobss.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, I ask for a vote on
my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the Georgia bill.
Mr. LEWIS. Will my friend allow me to
call up Senate bill No. 545? It will create no
discussion.
Mr. HOWARD. I should be glad to oblige
my friend, but I cannot yield.
Mr. LEWIS. It will not take two minntes
to consider it. It is a bill to pay a colored
man ยง720. It was reported some months ago,
and it ought to pass. There can be no possi-
ble objection to it. It is the case of William
Chinn.
