1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
yond his statement I have no knowledge on the
subject.
I assume,' sir, that these documents present
a statement of the condition of affairs in Geor-
gia which is substantially correct. I believe
that these statements are correct. True it is
that the opponents of this bill assert on this
floor and elsewhere that order reigns in Geor-
gia; but I have no doubt that General Terry's
report is true and just. I believe it fairly
exhibits the facts of this case to which it refers,
and it is corroborated by the testimony afforded
us by private correspondence and by the pub-
lic journals. And what does he tell us?
Are the opponents of this bill deaf or do they
sleep that they will not hear or heed him ?
111 have, " he says, "reluctantly come to the
conclusion that the situation here demands the
interposition of the national Government in
order that life and property may be protected,
freedom of speech and political action secured,
and the rights and liberties of the freedmen
maintained. In many parts of the State there
is practically no government. The worst of
crimes are committed and no attempt is made
to punish those who commit them. Murders
have been and are frequent; the abuse in vari-
ous ways of the blacks is too common to excito
notice. If the most worthless vagabond in the
country were charged with a crime against a
negro or a Republican no man would dare to
testify against him or to refuse to give bail for
him. Most of the outrages on the blacks result
from hatred of their race. In civil cases, too,
negroes are without redress forinjuries. Magis-
trates dare not do them justice, cannot even
save them from violence always while in their
ojvn presence." This is what he says, and in
saying it he but sums up and reiterates the
statements which hundreds if not thousands of
witnesses had already made. And yet the ene-
mies of this bill talk to us of peace and order
and equal rights in Georgia. Sir, they trifle
with this House. It is a fact, sir, that to-day
Georgia violates openly and outrageously that
clause of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States which forbids
her denying to any persons within her jurisdic-
tion the equal protection of the laws. She
denies to the great mass of her black citizens
the equal protection of the laws. Nay, more,
sir, she denies to them all protection of the
laws; she tramples them under the heel of a
most cruel despotism. And because she does
this, because she so violates she Constitution, I
would avail myself of the power given by the
Constitution to restrain her. " Congress shall
have power to enforce this article by appropriate
legislation." This is a new power. It is, how-
ever, clear and unmistakable. Wielding this
new power, sir, the Congress of the United
States can cross the borders of Georgia and with
the strongarm put down this flagrant, organized,
and gigantic violation of the I ederal Constitu-
tion. This bill, sir, is the appropriate legisla-
tion by which we will terminate this scandalous
denial, not merely of the equal protection of the
lawsbutof ail protection of the laws, to the black
race in Georgia. We will enforce this violated
provision of the Constitution by purging that
assemblage of usurpers which acts as the Legis-
lature of Georgia and is the fountain-head of all
this violence and crime; that self-constituted
authority which has organized and inspired and
maintained all this shameless outrage upon the
rights of the black citizens of Georgia, all this
insolent and contemptuous violation of the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States. Having the power to select
the appropriate legislation to remedy this wrong
we choose to go at once to the fountain-head
of the mischief; and wisely do we make this
choice. It would be puerile—worse than that,
sir, it would be wicked for us to waste time or
effort on the worthless vagabonds who work
out in its atrocious details the policy of that
self-styled Legislature and allow the great
offender, the chief criminal, to go unrestrained.
Such trifling would be cruelty to the outraged
blacks of Georgia. It would be unworthy of
the Congress of the United States. Such an
attempt to lop off evils in detail would be im-
practicable, fruitless, deceptive. Let us, then,
go at once to the root of all these evils. Let
us reseat those members of the Legislature of
Georgia who in violation of the constitution
of Georgia have been ejected from their seats.
Let us cast out those shameless minority can-
didates who have crawled into their places.
Let us cast out, too, those men who, in brazen
defiance of the fourteenth amendment, hold
fast to their seats to which they are not eligi-
ble. When that is done, and the Legislature
thus purged shall have ratified the fifteenth
proposed amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, it will be time enough for
Georgia to talk again about representation on
the floor of this House.
Ah ! but they tell us that Legislature, if only
the opportunity shall be given, will itself on its
own motion undo all this mischief which it has
done, and so they ask us to defeat or post-
pone this bill. But, sir, does any man on the
face of this earth, except the gentleman who
formerly represented the second district of
Georgia on this floor, believe there is the faint-
est probability that the Legislature will of its
own motion do any such thing? The man who
shall tell us such an idle tale as this will rep-
resent none of the citizens of Georgia; will
reflect the sentiments of no portion of her peo-
ple. On this point the proofs are absolutely
overwhelming. I will not detain the House
with their recapitulation.
But, sir, I have another reason for support-
ing this bill, which I will very briefly state.
Our rebellious fellow-citizens of Georgia, not
contented with their struggle of four years'
duration to overthrow this Government by
arms, have attempted to practice a stupendous
fraud upon the people of these United States,
upon the Government of the United States,
upon the loyal people who have at so heavy a
cost thwarted their attempt to overthrow the
Republic. They have undertaken to play a
trick upon us—a trick marked with treachery
hardly less odious than that which character-
ized the rebellion itself. They vainly imagined
that they were safe in their sin ; that they had
escaped all hazard of Federal interference with
their machinations; that we would be power-
less either to punish or to check their outrages
on the Constitution or their treacherous frauds
upon the people and Government of the United
States.
But, sir, they are about to be disabused of
these delusions of treason. They are about to
learn a wholesome lesson which will not be lost
on other States. They are about to learn that
upon this great stage of State reconstruction
no foul tricks are to be played. They are about
to learn that there is a new chapter in our fund-
amental law, a fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, which guar-
anties equality of rights to all our loyal citizens,
and disqualifies unpardoned rebels for office.
They are about to learn that Congress h&s the
right to enforce that amendment by appropriate
legislation, and that Congress has the sole right
of judging what is that appropriate legislation.
They are about to learn that Congress will not,
in cases of necessity, hesitate to bring down the
hard hand of military power upon the guilty
heads of those who insolently trample upon
these sacred provisions of our Constitution. It
will be well and wise if other States as well as
Georgia had the stern but just and necessary
lesson about to be taught. It will be well and
wise if they forthwith awaken to the fact that
there is at length created in the national Con-
stitution a power against which all pompous
displays of nullification, all ostentatious claims
of State sovereignty, all barriers of State rights,
will be as vain as were the chains of Xerxes
against the power of the sea. Let them take
cognizance of the existence of this right and of
our determination to exercise it when cir-
cumstances shall require it. So may we be
spared the necessity of exercising it again.
So may the people of the States lately in
rebellion as of all the other States learn to
deal fairly and justly by all classes and races, to
accord tne equal protection of the law to all.
So may the people lately in rebellion gradually
and yet speedily recover all their political
power. Let them all enjoy at the earliest pos-
sible moment all the rights secured to the
people by the Constitution. Let them enjoy
to the utmost all the advantages of soil and
climate and of staple productions with which
they are so abundantly blessed. Let them
recover if they can and will their old suprem-
acy in this Republic. But let them be taught
to-day—so taught too, that the lesson shall
never be forgotten—that this Government will
use all the powers conferred upon it by the
Federal Constitution to guard the rights of the
American people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWANN. I had desired to say some-
thing upon this great and important question,
but i find that it will be impossible for me to
do so in the limited time allowed me. I there-
fore ask the permission of the House to have
printed in the Globe some remarks I have
prepared.
No objection was made, and leave was
accordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I nowyield
to the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Whittemore.]
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Mr. Speaker, we are
called to consider and enact further laws to pro-
mote the reconstruction of Georgia, a State
among all the late belligerent States the most
discordant and defiantin herattitude toward the
national Government. Every breeze that comes
from Georgia brings us the news of violence,
threatening, and slaughter. Men who dare to
entertain a loyal sentiment, who declare their
paramount allegiance to the national Govern-
ment, men whom God has in his economy given
a more tawny skin but a purer heart than the
unreconciled rebel, are hunted, driven from their
homes, alarmed, murdered in mid-day, at mid-
night, until former treason-workers, present
unpardoned traitors and haters of the Union,
have thrown the State of Georgia into a con-
fusion and peril that call for stern and positive
legislation. Justice is denied; mercy is unknown.
The press teems with inflammatory abuse; ma-
rauding bands armed and disguised prowl
around the premises of known Unionists, fire
into their dwellings, wound, murder, ad libitum,
without fear of arrest, commitment, or convic-
tion. Members of the Legislature have their
voices silen ced, their seats vacated by the hand of
the assassin; those who come to this Capitol in
the interest of peace and a more complete res-
toration of the State of Georgia to its practical
relation in the Union; who come to tell us with
their lips of the scenes they have witnessed, the
wrongs they have endured, the outrages that
havebeen committed upon their peers, whose
chief offense has been the defense and support
of the reconstruction acts of Congress, have
been on their return to Georgia struck down at
the v^ry thresholds of their homes, murdered
in cold blood with malice aforethought in sight
of their wives and children who were waiting
to welcome them with that anxiety the families
of loyalists alone can know who have been in
the work of reconstruction in the South; Fed-
eral officers in discharge of their duties, acting
in accordance with instructions from the De-
partments at Washington, have been hindered
m the exercise of their functions, and the col-
lection of the national revenue has bec  pre-
vented; their offices have been invaded by the
enemies of the Government and they driven as
fugitives from their office work. And, Mr.
speaker, when the blood of loyal martyrs cries
out to us shall we fail to be moved, refuse to
act, turn a deaf ear to their cries. Shall we
listen rather to the appeals of subtle excusers
ot those who have hurried them before their
time to bloody graves? Are we so indifferent
