1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3487
by my friend frocb California, [Mr. CASSERLY,]
the Senator might aa well have said in his bill
"a writ of attachment or other appropriate
process.'' Strike out your mandamus. Do not
let the Judiciary Committee, for God's sake,
appear before the profession in this country
with such a provision as that in their bill. Put
"quo warranto" in ifyou please, but do not let
" mandamus " stick there. If you do, I hope
the Senate will issue & mandamus to the com- ,
mittee to strike it out. [Laughter.]
But that is not all, Mr. President. Manda-
mus or quo warranto, what is this fifth section
practically? Here, as I have said, is a man
declared to be elected Governor of the State
of Ohio or Indiana, and the disappointed can-
didate does, what? Contest the election under
the constitution of Ohio or Indiana? Not a
bit of it. Contest it before the tribunal pro-
vided by the constitution of Ohio or Indiana
to try that question, the senate of the State?
Not a bit of that; but he goes to some little
United States district judge and sues out an
"appropriate remedy!"' What " appropriate
remedy," forsooth, is it? A quo warranto 1 ,
Then under the quo warranto you undertake I
to canvass all the votes of the State of Ohio, j
the State of Indiana, or the" State of New |
York. When will you get done? Will you
do it before or after that mau's term of office
has expired ? And how will you do it if there
is a contest under the State constitution and
laws, and the body entitled to try it by that
constitution and those laws shall decide the
contest one way, and your little district judge
of the United States shall decide it the other
way? Suppose the senate of the great State
of New York should decide in favor of the
incumbent, and your little bit of a one-horse
judge—I beg pardon for using such a slang ex-
pression—your little districtjudge of the United
States should decide it the other way? Would
not that be a mostharmonious administration of
constitutional law in the United States ? Would
it not make our institutions the envy of man-
kind? Would not all the thrones of Europe
crumble into dust in admiration of this most
excellent and harmonious mode we have of pro-
viding for the election of officers and provid-
ing for the settlement of contests and seating
the successful candidates in their chairs* No,
Mr. President, it will not do.
I say, with the most entire respect for my
friends of the Judiciary Committee who have
reported this bill—and it is no affectation when
I say that—that I am lost in amazement that
such a crude piece of work ever came from
their hands, l know that committee well; I
have sat with them too often, I have discussed
with them in the committee-room and in the
Senate too often, not to know their learning,
not to know their ability, and I must confess
that I can hardly conceive how it was possible
that such a bill as this ever came from the
hands of as able a committee as that.
But that is not all. This applies to every
officer of the States; nay, more, to every offi-
cer of the United States. Now, I want to put
it to the committee: here is an election for
President of the United States, and Mr. A
B receives a majority of the electoral votes,
it is said; and Mr. C D, who is defeated, says
that in the State of New York there were so
many men not allowed to vote who were enti-
tled to vote under the fifteenth amendment,
and if their votes had been cast for him then
he would have had the electoral vote of the
State of New York and would have been
elected President of the United States. Now,
Senators, how do you suppose that question is
to be tried? Before a district judge of the
• United States? Just think of such a question
being brought before a district judge of the
United States—the question who is elected
President of the United States 1 That is it if
your bill is to be taken according to its word-
ing; that is it if it is to be taken according
to its plain language, that the title to the office
of the President of the United States or the
title, Mr. President, by which you sit in that
chair, is to be tried before a district judge of
the United States 1
I think I have said enough about the fifth
section. I hope that the Senate by its man-
damus will strike that out. Now let us come
to the sixth section :
That the district courts of the United Statei, with-
in their respective districts, shall have, exclusively
of the courts of the several States, cognizance of
all crimes and offenses committed against the pro-
visions of this act, and also, concurrently with the
circuit courts of the United States, of all causes,
civil and criminal, arising under this aat, except as
is otherwise provided in the fifth section hereof.
The district courts of the United States are
to have exclusive jurisdiction of crimes and
offenses provided for by this act. The first
thing to which I ask the attention of the Sen-
ate is this: that there is not one single crime
or offense provided for by this act, that ought
to be in it at all, that is not already provided
for by the laws of the States. I do not
know one that is not provided for by the
laws of the States. If a man is improperly
refused his vote by a judge of election who
acts willfully and corruptly in so doing, not
simply committing an error of judgment, but
acting willfully and corruptly, (and if he does
not act willfully and corruptly he ought not
to be punished,) in every State of this Union
with whose laws I am acquainted, that judge
is liable to punishment; and in the same way
men who hinder or prevent persons from exer-
cising their franchise are also under the State
laws liable to punishment in the State courts
by indictment or such prosecution as the State
laws afford.
Now, sir, what is here meant? You have
provided for precisely the same class of offenses
that the State laws provide against, and then
you propose to take away from the State courts
the right to punish offenses and vest that power
solely in the district courts of the United
States. I ask you, as a practical matter, which
system is most likely to enforce the laws, that
of indictments in the State courts, courts sit-
ting in every county in every State, with grand
juries in every county familiar with the facts,
or this system of punishment in the district
courts of the United States, when in most of
the States there is but one district court sitting
in one place, and in only one of them are therte
three, and in the other States there are but
two?
Does not every one see that when you want
to enforce this fifteenth amendment your safest
way is to leave it to. the State law? Do you
not see that for one indictment that would be
found under this bill in the United States dis-
trict court, there would be likely to be twenty
in the State courts? Do you not see that in
the district court of the United States there
scarcely ever would be an indictment unless it
were to gratify some malice or to extort black
mail from the party who was prosecuted ? That
is the effect of it. Your law will give rise to
persecution; it will give rise to the levy of
black mail; it will subject officers of election
to the most intolerable persecution. All that it
will do. It will tend to drive decent, respect-
able, and responsible men from accepting the
office of judge of election. All that it will do;
but so far as enforcing the rights of voters is
concerned, it is not worth one pinch of snuff
compared to the State laws which are admin-
istered in every county of the State and by the
courts of every county in the State.
As a practical measure, then, nothing could
be worse than this. As a measure of persecu-
tion, of levying black mail, of giving $500 to
the informer, as a measure of pains, penalties,
and persecution, nothing could be conceived
more effective.
Then, sir, comes section seven; and section
peven is a beautiful section, too I As if con-
scious that this bill might not have effect if
left to the people, knowing that obnoxious
laws defeat themselves, because the people
will not execute them, nere is a seventh sec-
tion that makes it the direct interest, as well
as the duty, of a whole host of Federal officials
to arrest people who may violate this law,
arrest judges of election, arrest registrars.
Why, sir, under this you may defeat a registry
in any State you please. Let us see what is
necessary to be done. Here is a registration law
in a State; a registrar is taking the registra-
tion ; he refuses to register A B. His decision
may be as honest as one ever was in the world,
the most honest in the world. Under this act,
if that man or some one of these Federal officers,
made common informers, shall go before a
commissioner of the United States and swear
out a warrant against him, that man is to be taken
away from his office of registration and be
committed to the common prison unless he be
able to give bail. He is to be sent to the place
of trial, which may be one or two hundred
miles distant; and the Ifrhole registration of
his county may be broken up under the provis-
ions of this act. Any one can see at once what
a handle that would give if you wanted to defeat
registration in a county where your opponents
are largely in the majority, and thereby pre-
vent a valid election in that county. All you
have to do is to get up some charge like this,
arrest the registrar, and take him away to
prison, and send him off one or two hundred
miles for trial.
That is not all. You may stop an election ;
right in the midst of the election you may seize
under this the judges of election and send them
to prison and stop the election altogether. That
is this bill; that is this carefully considered
bill which the Senator having it in charge
wants us to pass before the sun shall set. The
sun will never have set on a worse piece of
legislation if it sets on the passage of this bill.
Then comes section eight:
That it shall be the duty of all marshals and dep-
uty marshals to obey and execute all warrants and
precepts issued under the provisions of this act, when
to them directed; and should any marshal or deputy
marshal refuse to receive such warrant or other pro-
cess when tendered, or to use all proper means dili-
gently to execute the same, he snail, on conviction
thereof, be fined in the sum of (1,000, to the use of the
person deprived of the rights conferred by this act.
Here again the man is to get $500 from the
registrar, or $500 from the judge "of election, and
then if he can make out a case against the mar-
shal he is to get $1,000 more. The man is to
get $1,500 for being a good swearer, and swear-
ing a case against the registrar, the judge of
election, or the marshal of the United States.
I want to know where in the world is the neces-
sity of these penalties to be received by the
voter? Why not leave him to his common law
remedy? That is sufficient. If any man is
deprived of his right to vote he has his remedy.
He has his remedy by action; and then the jury
render such damages as are right and proper.
How is it that you step in here and provide that
he shall have $500 from the registrar or judge
of election, and $1,000 from the marshal who
has not been speedy enough in the execution
of the warrant? I say again it is a bill for the
encouragement of common informers and per-
jury—not so intended, but that is its inevitable
effect. It is a bill to create a race of common
informers, and to pay them in hard money for
the perjury they may commit.
In the next place it is provided that these
warrants are to run to any part of a State. So
you can drag a man all the way from New
York city to Buffalo, or from Buffalo to New
York city, on the warrant of a United States
Commissioner charging that he has been guilty
of a violation of some one' of the numerous
provisions of this act. Sir, do you expect men
of responsibility and character to hold the
office of registrars or judges of election if they
are subject to such pains and penalties as that?
Do you expect them to exercise an independ-
ent judgment and -decide honestly and cor-
rectly if they are liable to such fines, penalties,
and persecution as this bill provides they shall
be subject to ?
But, sir, that is not all. t pass by sectioq
