1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2543
he never would allow the .Journal to be read
in the morning unless there was :i quorum of
the Senate present, and I think that was the
practice alao of Mr. Calhoun when lie presided
over the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not doubt that the Senator from Kentucky is
right; and if any Senator makes the point any
morning on the reading of the Journal, as no
Senator is in possession of the floor at that
time, he can demand that a quorum shall be
present before the reading of the Journal takes
place. If the point is made, no parliamentary
body can open its session without a quorum.
If the Senate desire their Presiding Officer to
change the present usage and return to the
old usage so as to require the presence of Sen-
ators strictly at twelve o'clock, so that there
shall be a quorum here to listen to the reading
of the Journal, he will do so; or any Senator
can enforce it any morning, and the Presiding
Officer will clicerfully enforce it if any Senator
desires it. When, however, a Senator is on
the floor and speaking, the presence of a quo-
rum is assumed until its absence is disclosed.
The Chair therefore sustains the ruling from
which the Senator from Kentucky appealed;
and the question now is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgmentofthe Senate?"
Mr. SUMNER. I will take advantage of
what has been said to make a statement of fact.
I remember when I first came into the Senate
Mr. William Rufus King, one of the most ex-
perienced parliamentarians of the body by far,
who had been here a long time, was President
of the Senate; and always before taking the
chair he looked around the Chamber and made
a count of the Senate to see if there was a
quorum, and he sometimes delayed taking the
chair for fifteen minutes, or twenty minutes,
or half an hour, waiting for the appearance of
a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
ask the Senator from Massachusetts who has
given this historical retrospect whether the
same Presiding Officer, during the progress of
business in the Senate, arrested a Senator when
he was speaking because another Senator
doubted whether a quorum of the Senate was
present at the time?
Mr. SUMNER. I never knew that done.
The inference was that a quorum once being
here, it continued until some vote disclosed the
want of a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatis in accord-
ance with what, the Chair stated.
Sir. SUMNER. I certainly did not intend
to correct the Chair in any way. My purpose
merely was to make a contribution of a histo-
rical fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is un-
doubtedly that a quorum shall be present when
the Journal is read, and it is in the power of
any Senator to insist upon a quorum being
present before the Journal shall be read in the
morning; but the Chair does not think that in
this country any Presiding Officer, after the
opening of the session of a day, either Mr. King
or Mr. Calhoun, ever arrested a Senator in the
progress of his speech in consequence of the
temporary absence of a quorum, or has taken
notice of that temporary fact unless it should
be disclosed by some vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not desire to consume a
moment of time, but simply to make this
remark: it is altogether irregular, in my judg-
ment, for the Senate to proceed to transact
business at anytime in the absence ofa quorum,
and any member of the Senate has the right
always to avail himself of his privilege to see
that a quorum of the Senate is present while
. business is being transacted. It was upon that
idea that I made the question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question so that the decision may go
into the Journal. The Senator from Nevada
being upon the floor and speaking 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President,, a number of
members of the Senate have come in, and I aui
satisfied now that there is a quorum present.
I would not have made the point if the Senate
was as full as it is now. Believing that there
is a quorum present, I withdraw any question
that I may have made.
r The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Kentucky withdraws the point of order. The
Senator from Nevada will proceed.
Mr. STEWART. I shall occupy only a short
lime, but I think I ought to notice somethings
in the argument of the Senator from Iowa, par-
ticularly coming from that Senator represent-
ing a State that has been more benefited by
railroad grants than any other State; repre-
senting a State that has had a larger propor-
tion of the public lands for this purpose than
any other State ; representing a State that is
more benefited than any other by the overland
Pacific railroad, it terminating as it does in
Iowa practically; representing as he does a
section of country that has been so specially
favored, and favored through his efforts—it is
proper to call attention to the fact that he to-day
is opposing this great enterprise, an enterprise
in which the northern tier of States is especially
interested, and it ought to be noticed that he
opposes it for the reason, among others, that
the United States are interested in nourishing
and fostering a monopoly of one line to make
their second mortgage on the existing Pacific
railroad good. The United States are to foster a
monopoly of railroad communication from here
to the Pacific in order to get the money on their
second mortgage; that is his argument. If that
is good policy, if that is to be advocated by the
representative of a State specially benefited
by the existing road, then I have mistaken the
spirit of the country and the spirit of those
engaged in these enterprises.
i say this announcement comes with an ill
grace from the Senator from Iowa. He is not
presented to the country in a fair light—the
advocate of the Pacific railroad, the advocate
of railroad grants for the last twenty years, and
among the foremost of those advocates now
opposing this great enterprise, for his argu-
ments go to tear it down. True, he criticises
some little things; but his speech is squarely
against the enterprise, against the Northern
Pacific railroad. I have been for three trans-
continental railroads from the beginning. I
believe the North and the South are as much
entitled to a railroad to the Pacific as the cen-
tral part of the country. I do not believe it is
premature at all. I believe that we want more
land opened for settlers. I believe the demand
of the age is, room for settlers.
The other day the Senator asked, " What
right have these railroads to town sites ? Why
not compel them to sell their land at $2 50 an
acre, all of it? Why is not that fair?" The
Senator understands perfectly well that it is
not fair. No man understands it better than
he does. Such a proposition will not benefit
settlers, but it will prevent the railroad from
having one acre of land on which to build a
depot, and it will enable persons who are will-
ing to come in front of the railroad to go on
its line and locate the depot stations, locate on
the odd sections; the even sections they can
locate now. They can locate on the odd sec-
tions, call themselves settlers, and compel the
railroad company to buy land for stations at
such price as they may demand.
That would close up the thing, and all that
the railroad company would get from the land
sold by it would not buy depot stations, be-
cause the land a short distance from the road
would not sell for $2 50 an acre. There would
not be enough money realized from the whole
land grant to locate their stations upon. That
is a fatal blow at the enterprise, and must have
been so intended by those who understood
the bearings of this provision. When the en-
terprise is struck at in that mode it is hardly
worth while to talk of favoring the general
idea. If we are opposed to the Northern
Pacific railroad, if it is the policy to foster a
single monopoly, if the central part o£. the
country is the only section to be benefited,
and the plea is to be made for our second
mortgage on the existing road, then let us talk
no more about a Northern Pacific route. No
man can be a friend to the Northern Pacific road
who will argue, as a reason for not building
that road, that the Government wants to make
money out of its second mortgage on the cen-
tral route.
Then there is a long argument about the
extravagant subsidy to the Union Pacifie rail-
way. It has had a great subsidy. It had it by
the vote of the Senator from Iowa with the
rest. It is true that the Union Pacific Railroad
Company from Omaha to Salt Lake found a
route on which the road was much more easily
constructed than had been anticipated. It was
not so on the western end of the line. All the
difficulties that were anticipated there were
met and the full expense supposed, as the
work constructed shows; but because they
found a better route on this end than was an-
ticipated, is that a reason why we should stop
the building of railroads?
The Senator complains of this additional
grant. Why, sir, there is no more land granted
than was contained in the original act. That
ought to be understood; but inasmuch as it
takes some time to locate a road across a
continent, as there must be a great many sur-
veys, and inasmuch as these same speculators
that the Senator would have block up this
road altogether have commenced the work
and have been locating the passes for spec-
ulation, not for settlement, (for they have not
gone in there for any such purpose,) inasmuch
as they have been following the lines of survey
and embarrassing the enterprise, this resolu-
tion simply allows the company to go ten miles
further to make up deficiencies.
The Senator contends that this will abrogate
the rights of settlers. Not at all. It provides
for the company going ten miles further to
make up the deficiency. Deficiency of what?
Deficiency created by settlements, according to
the original law; and the two acts must be
construed together. The idea that they are to
go anywhere to make up deficiencies implies
that the deficiencies shall have occurred by
settlement. The two laws are to be construed
together. The reservation is in favor of settlers.
The only reason why the company want to
make up a deficiency at all, is because settlers
have gone upon the line of the grant, and now
the Senator gets up and argues that there is no
provision here in favor of settlement.
There is no grant additional to that contained
in the original law except the extension of the
roadon the western end from Portland to Puget
sound. Besides that, all that the resolution
does is to allow the company to mortgage its
road; and the Senator made a point on that
because it allowed the company to mortgage
what it had and what it expects to have, and
therefore he thinks it ought not to passl Why
should not the company be allowed to make a
bargain with the men who advanced money to
build the road? If it does not build the road
it does not get the land ; if it does build the
road it does get the land. Why not give it all
the credit you can after having given the cen-
tral line a subsidy that was quite sufficient and
perhaps more than sufficient to construct it?
After having done that and given a land grant
besides, to say that the northern tier of States
shall not have the privilege of availing them-
selves of this land as security for this northern
line is to say that you are opposed to the
enterprise. I tell the Senator from Iowa that
the country is not opposed to this enterprise.
It is for it. The material interests of the coun-
try are for it.
The iron interest is for it. They want a
market fortheir iron.- Those who manufacture
cars are for it because they want a market for
their manufactures. The settler is for it, be-
cause he wants to go there and make his home.
The miner is for it, because ho wants to be
conveyed,out there to mine. The nation is for
