4432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
This, Ryan failing to do, Parker bought him out by
payment of $800, and repaired himself to Washing-
Ion to follow up ills claim now pending, and sud-
denly died before his completion.
Immediately on his death this Ryan formed aparty
for the purpose ot carrying on this business, and
claimed his right upon the interest he had returned
to Parker for $800! This claim of his was pressed at
the State Dopartment, backed by a now " series " of
" counter-aflidavits " from the parties first testifying,
in -which they aro made to " eat" all their former tes-
timony, and in several months thereafter the Ryan
party hoodwinks and persuades the Btate Depart-
ment into bonding not only these two little islands
but the great Johnson's group, fifteen hundred miles
west of these! This subsequent testimony was given
before a different notary public, who is known to us,
andwho certifies to the suspicion of troachcry and
fraud at the time of the giving this latter testimony.
These parties have never worked the islands and
do not now gretond to. Long tince disbanded, they
had simply sold stock to "raise the wind," and the
parties suspecting the fraud on which the company
was founded scattered and lett it.
Attorney General Black's opinion in this case,
was based mainly upon the "counter-statements"
before him in rendering his decision in favor of Ryan,
after Parker's decease.
Parker is clearly shown, from all the evidence in
the case, to have been the discoverer; that he gave
the proper notice to the State Department; that ho
took possession of the islands under the act and fully
complied with it in every rcspect, and only his death
prevented him from finally securing the benefits to
his family by bonding them.
This bill simply reinstates his "widow where he
left it unfinished, and which she can by no law "in-
herit;" and by which she becomes responsible for any
just and equitable rights of otheis which may have
arisen under this discovery.
Mr. SUMNER. That makes the ease, so
far as I have been able to comprehend it, worse
than before. Am I right—the Senator from
Alabama will tell me—that that paper read
speaks of the discovery or claim ot' a British
captain? Does not that paper speak of the
claim of a British captain or navigator ?
Mr. NYE. It says that it was withdrawn.
Mr. SUMNER. Does it not speak of the
claim of a British navigator?
Mr. SPENCER. Yes; it mentions it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; there it is.
Here is the claim of a British navigator, and
with regard to which wo have no evidence;
but the Senate is to cat the knot. We aro
going to decide that that British navigator has
no claim. I know nothing about his claim
one way or the other ; but I do not wish the
Senate to commit itself on a question it knows
nothing about.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not see that that
makes any difference tinder the terms of this
hill. He can show it if he has got any claim.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it appears that cer-
tain parties, according to the language of the
paper presented by the Senator from Alabama,
"hoodwinked" the State Department. So it
is a case where there has been "hoodwink-
ing" of the State Department. It seems to me
there would be a reason for inquiry. I wish
to know what the State Department has to say
on that question.
Mr. SPENCER. That language is a little
exceptional. It is not mine.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the State Department
ever been invited to give an opinion upon it?
Mr. SPENCER. It did give an opinion
some time ago, and decided this man Ryan to
be the assignee.
Mr. SUMNER. Then the paper asserts that
Parker is shown to be the discoverer. There
is no evidence on the subject. Something
more is necessary. We ought to have the evi-
dence in the first place ; and then we ought to
have the further evidence that he has complied
with the requirements of the guano act of
1850. There is not one shred of evidence in
the case.
Mr. NYE. How many times does the Sen-
ator require to be told that this woman wants
to complete the evidence now?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator docs not un-
derstand me. I want all the evidence from
the Slate Department upon this case. I want
to know how the case stands.
Mr. NYE. That is just what she wants to
know. Siie wants to do what her husband
could do if alive. If ho had. 110 rights, she
does not got any.
Mr. SUMNER. That is not the point. The
point is to have the actual information in the
Department of State in regard to what has
already taken place. I want to know whether
her husjjand failed to perfect bis title, and
whv.
Mr. CHANDLER. Because he died.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says "'because
he died." Now, I am speaking according
to the facts. If the Senator will take the
trouble to look into the papers on file in the
State Department he will understand that lie
did—-
Mr. NYE. Did the honorable Senator ex-
pect it to appear on the files of the State
Department that this claimant died? Who
knows as well whether her husband is dead as
the woman herself? The honorable Senator
would take issue with this lady on the fact, and
say that her husband is not dead unless it ap-
pears on the files in the State Department!
To him it must be a matter of record in the
State Department, or there is no death! Men
do not die of record ; but a wife knows when
her husband dies. She says in her petition
that her husband is dead, and yet my friend
will not take that as settled.
Now, I repeat again, the only force and effect
of this bill is to Jet this live woman do what the
dead man would have been entitled to do, and
get his rights to these promises. That is all
there is of it; and I want to know if the Senate
will hesitate upon such a question as that. If
Parker had no rights, and the State Depart-
ment so determine, they determine the fact
that this woman has no rights; but she appeals
to tiie Senate of the United States now to give
her the right to make her proof as required by
the statute to give her the benefit of its second
section. That is all there is Of it.
Mr. S UMNE R. That brings me back to the
question. I want to know what her husband
did during his life on this subject. There is
evidence at the State Department, and if Sen-
ators will go there and look at the papers they
will find that I am not wrong in making this
request. I have looked at the papers, and I
tell you that there is occasion for this inquiry.
Now, Senators may act as they please. I
have no object in this but to protect the inter-
ests of the United States and to save the Sen-
ate from committing itself to what I regard as
an injudicious piece of legislation.
I do not say that on the evidence this bill or
some equivalent measure may not hereafter be
completely justified; but I say you have not the
evidence before you now on which you can act.
Senators surrender to their sympathies. My
friend [Mr. Nye] says that this lady is a widow;
that she has lost her husband ; that she knows
when he died. Let me tell him that has nothing
to do with the question. The question is, what
was done by her husband before his death, first,
in the discovery, and, second, in his applica-
tion to the State Department, with regard to
which there is evidence on file; and that I wish
laid before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Why ?
Mr. SUMNER. Because I wish to know
the case. I wish to know whether it will jus-
tify our interference now. There is recogni-
tion in this bill of title to an island in the
Pacific.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
adjourn; it is five o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 19.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
Mr. VICKERS. I will modify the amend-
ment I offered so as to read:
That twelve months from the passage of this act
are hereby allowed to Harriet E. Parker, for the
benefit of herself and the legal heirs of said Parker,
if any there be. to perfect the proof to the discovery
of the islands mentioned in the first section of this
act; and when such proofismade.to the satisfaction
of the President, and upon complying with the pro-
visions of the second section of the act of Congress
passed August 18,1856, entitled "An act to authorize
protection to be given to citizens of the United States
who may discover deposits of guano,"she shall been-
titled to the benefits of said act, in the same manner
and to the same effect as the said William H. Parker
would have been if he had made legal proof under
said act and had obtained the authority of Congress
to remove guano from said islands according to the
provisions of said act.
Mr.THURMAN. Is a motion to recommit
in order now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) It is.
Mr. THURMAN. It is obvious that this is
a measure that ought not to be perfected in
open Senate in this way. It is a bill for a com-
mittee to inquire into the facts, and then report
a suitable bill. This bill is in nowise in con-
formity with the act of Congress. I move that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. STOCKTON. When I stated to the Sen-
ate that there might be children and heirs at
law I was speaking without knowledge. I am
informed now that this man did leave a mar-
ried daughter, ami, for aught I know, she may
have children. Now, without examining what
are the facts, you propose to give this property
to the widow and cut, off the children of a
daughter of the man who is dead; and you are
going to do it on what? This committee have
absolutely acknowledged to the Senate that
they have not examined the case, but they
bring before us the report of what they call a
sub-committee.
The case was committed to one gentleman,
who comes in and has his report read here ;
and when great legal questions of this kind are
made about granting away two islands you
refuse to recommit the bill! I have never in
my life, where there was no politics con-
cerned, where gentlemen were sitting calmly
as judges, seen such a thing done in a legis-
lative body, and I sincerely hope the bill will
be recommitted. I have said l'rom the begin-
ning that for a bill enabling the heirs at law
and the widow to get their proper share of
this man's interest in the island I will vote.
All we ask is to give us a bill that does it, and
not a bill that violates all propriety. I sin-
cerely hope the motion of the Senator from
Ohio will prevail.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to move that the
Senate take a recess at 
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
cannot be entertained at this time, this not
being the alternate day.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us have the vote.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one more obser-
vation I wish to make. This island, according
to the statement of the Senator from Alabama,
was discovered in 1852, eighteen years ago;
the attempt to perfect the title to it was in 1857,
thirteen years ago ; and now, without an in-
quiry, without examination of a single paper,
without a report from the committee, without
any Senator in this Chamber able to vouch for
one single fact involved in this issue, you are
going to pass a bill to recognize the title andto
give this widow power to introduce her tes-
timony and to complete her case, under the
act of 1856, after a lapse of thirteen years from
the time when the case was first presented to
the State Department. Why will you do that?
On what evidence? Where are your statutes
of limitation?
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CHAN DLER. This widow had a single
son. She was left in poverty. Her son joined
the Army and lost his life in the war. Her
poverty was so great that she was unable to
come here and present her claim; and now,
after thirteen years' delay, she comesandasks
to be reinstated in the position her husband
occupied when he died so suddenly. That is all
there is in the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
