2544
TBI- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April
it, because it wants_ to increase its wealth.
Every reason is for it, and iio reason against
it except the stupid policy of dedicating this
country still further to desolation and to waste.
No one can oppose this bill upon the ground
of the Senator from Iowa that is not an enemy
to the enterprise; and 1 regret for his sake that
he has disclosed the selfishness of bio opposi-
tion by stating that he wants to build up an
enormous monopoly in the center, so that the
Government can make money out of its second
mortgage and so that iowa may be the only
western terminus of the Pacific road and the
principal State benefited. After he has been
so successful in obtaining these large subsidies
for his own State andin making his State great,
as 1 am glad that he has done, I am sorry that
In1 is marring hisTecord now by opposing this
firont enterprise.
Mr. RAMSEY. [ desire to correct a state-
ment made by the Senator from Iowa. The
Senator from Iowa, in his energy and zeal in
iightirtg this great enterprise, fell into an error
that he will doubtless thank me for correcting
before the record is made up. He stated that
ii:e other Minnesota roads were being built
mih a smaller grant of land, as for instance
the line from St. Paul to Lako Superior with
a grant of ton sections per mile. That is com-
paratively a short line, not over one hundred
and fifty miles long, with a certainty of busi-
ness at each terminus of the road, at St. Paul
and Lake Snpeiior; indeed, with business
h .ready piepared for it. Under such circum-
stances that, road might very well and safely be
mule!taken with a very small land subsidy;
lint the company received more than the Sen-
ator stated. They received ten sections to the
mill- directly from the Government of the Uni-
tfd States, and they received from the State of
.Minnesota some seven sections to the mile of
her swamp lands 
Jlr. DAVIS. 1 rise to ask a favor of the
honorable Senator. Will be allow me to move
to lake up the bill to abolish the franking
privilege? f Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the next special
oi-der, and I will thank the Senator to assist
me in getting it up as soon as this bill is dis-
posed ot. When this bill is disposed of the
(ranking privilege bill, being the next special
Older, will be in order, and then 1 shall be very
much obliged to the honorable Senator for his
assistance in getting it up.
Mr. DAVIS. It cannot wait so long.
Mi. RAMSEY. In addition to the seven
sections of swamp land per mile donated to the
company by the State of Minnesota, the city
of St. Paul has subscribed S250,000 and the
connty of St. Louis $100,000 to the stock.
Then, I think the Senator is also unfair in
dunging this enterprise with this large body of
land as though it were already worth $2 50 an
aeie. Mr. President, as applied to those im-
mense prairies, which I have been upon myself,
west of the lied river there is not a Senator
here who would give ten cents an acre for those
lands, or even perhaps one cent. Those lands
arc four hundred miles away from settlements.
It is impossible for a man to get there; and if
he were to get there how could he subsist?
IIow is he to obtain the means of livelihood?
Would the Indians allow him to stay there?
This road is not only necessary for the set-
tlement ot the country, as the Senator from
Nevada says, but it is a military necessity for
this Government. You are now expending
millions lor military purposes, and your great
military expenses are in the Indian wars upon
the plains. Millions are exacted from the
Treasury every year for the purpose of subdu-
ing those Indians. You have the most war-
like of the tribes upon the line of this North-
ern Pacific road. If there were no other mo-
tive for what it is proposed the Government
should do, simply give away lands, sacrificing
nothing but lands that are in themselves worth-
less until settled and improved, this would be
a sufficient motive for all the Government is
called upon to give. I have no desire to go
into the general question.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Minne-
sota does not intend to do me injustice, I am
sure.
Mr. RAMSEY. No sir; nor have I.
Mr. liABLAN. I obtained my facts from
him, as the report in the Globe will show.
Mr. RAMSEY. What facts?
Mr. HARLAN. As to the quantity of land
granted to the St. Paul and Lake Superior road.
Mr. RAMSEY. By the Government. But
the Senator gave me no opportunity for a fuller
explanation. He was going on with thedebate,
and I did not wish to interfere with him ; but
I thought 1 would give this fuller statement
subsequently, that the State of Minnesota also
gave seven sections of land per mile.
Mr. HARLAN. And doubtless it will aid
this road in the same way if it is of as much
consequence as the Senator representsittobe.
But the Senatorattempts to represent me as
being opposed to the enterprise. I have not
uttered one word in opposition to the con-
struction of this road. I have insisted that
the grant already made, being double through
Minnesota and fourfold west of Minnesota, is
enoiigh to insure its construction as rapidly as
the commercialinterestsof the country require.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, 1 have
been somewhat surprised at the general tenor
of the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Iowa upon the measure now before us. I had
supposed that at heart he was an earnest advo-
cate of the construction and completion of this
great railroad.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly I am.
Mr. HOWARD. When I speak of it as a
great enterprise I do not intend to be under-
stood as, I fear, the Senator intended to be
misunderstood just now, as burlesquing the
enterprise. I understood him to cast a slur
upon it by the mode in which he pronounced
the word "great."
Mr. HARLAN. That is a misfortune of my
elocution. When I come to be as eloquent as
the Senator from Michigan I shall pronounce
my words more in accordance with the rules
of rhetoric, I have no doubt.
Mr. HOWARD. It was because of the
absence of all the rules of rhetoric that I was
misled, perhaps, by the honorable Senator's
remark. Mr. President, the honorable Sen-
ator ought to have put his main objection, with
which lie closed his speech, as the first one
in his argument against this measure. If he
had told the Senate at first as plainly as he did
at last that lie was really opposed to the con-
struction of the Northern Pacific railroad the
Senate would have been in a better condition
to appreciate many of his other observations.
I say "opposed to it," because in his last
remarks he plainly intimated that it was against
the interests of the Government of the United
States that this road should be completed; and
why? Because it would have the effect to divert
some of the business which would be likely
otherwise to pass upon the Union Pacific road
to the Northern Pacific road, and this would
affect the interests of the United States in the
repayment of the bonds which they had issued
to the Union Pacific; that it will, in short, dimin-
ish the value of'the claim of the Government
against the Union Pacific road. Thatwasoneof
the arguments used by the Senator against this
measure, and against the existence—for it can-
not stop short of that—of the Northern Pacific
road. His language was, as I took it down as
well as 1 could, "that it is not necessary to
hasten the construction of this Northern Pacific
line faster than the wants of commerce may
demand." And then he went on to say that
the construction of the Northern Pacific would
injure the Union Pacific railroad, and thus im-
pair the claims of the United States for repay-
ment of the bonds which we had issued to the
Union Pacific. That, I believe, was the sub-
stance of the objection. That is an argument
in favor of a close monopoly. It is an argument
tending to encourage the UnionPacifie railroad
as the monopolizer of all the business passing
from the East to the West through the United
States.
Now, Mr. President, I am not in favor of
this monopoly which seems to be so much at
heart with the Senator. I do not think the
people of the United States are willing thus to
encourage and foster this vast institution known
as the Union Pacific railroad at the expense
of all other enterprises of the same kind, and
which are equally necessary to the people of
the United States in reference to their com-
mercial wants. I do not believe that the peo-
ple expect that there shall be no other Pacific
railroad except the Union Pacific railroad and
its branches. And, sir, if the construction of
the Northern Pacific road is to have the effect
attributed to it by the honorable Senator then
there ought to be no Northern Pacific railroad
and no Southern Pacific railroad.
If it be the interest of the United States that
the bonds of the United States issued to the
Union Pacific should be paid off as rapidly as
possible by that company, and if we made that
donation to that company merely for the pur-
pose of loaning a sum of money to the com-
pany to be repaid with interest, thus convert-
ing the Government into a .mere broker's shop,
lending money upon iuterest for a profit, then
I can comprehend and understand the argu-
ment. But that was never the view taken of
it by Congress. I recollect very well that at
one of the first meetings which was held by the
Pacific Railroad Committee, Mr. Collatner, of
Vermont, was present, and he, in a familiar
conversation between the members of that
committee as to what it would ultimately cost
the Government of the United States to con-
struct that vast line of railroad now known as
the Union and Central Pacific, remarked that
he expected it would cost us not less than
$100,000,000, though he never expected to see
a dollar of that advance returned to the Treas-
ury of the United States. But notwithstand-
ing all that, notwithstanding the improbability
of the reimbursement of this large advance^ of
cash to that company, Congress proceeded to
make the subsidy, and the line of road is at
present completed.
There is as much necessity, let me say just
here, for the construction of a northern Pacific
railroad, following the line known at preseutas
the northern Pacific route, as there ever has
been for the construction of the Union Pacific
line, as much as there is or ever will be for
the construction of a southern Pacific railroad.
And there are reasons in my own mind—1
hesitate not to declare it, there are reasons
of a public and of a commercial character
which would induce me at this day—and had
they been as well understood in 1802 as they
are now, I doubt not would have induced Con-
gress at that day—to have granted this vast
subsidy for the construction of a Pacific rail-
road to the line alone the northern borders of
the United States instead of appropriating it
upon what is now the Union Pacific railroad.
But, sir, we were acting in a great degree in
the dark, and being determined to make a
Pacific railroad to unite the two oceans, to
bind together with a band of iron and steel
the Atlantic with the Pacific States, we pro-
ceeded upon the best light we could obtain and
constructed the Union Pacific railroad.
Now, sir, events have proved to the country
very clearly, indubitably, that the northern
line is as important to the commerce and well-
being of the United States as is the Union Pa-
cific—quite as important; and I will go further,
and declare it as my belief that that northern
line is far more important to the well-being of
the United States, especially to its commercial
interests, than is or ever will be even the Union
Pacific line. But this is not the occasion upon
which to enlarge oa that point. There are facts
in my knowledge, facts within the reach of
every Senator, which, properly considered, I
doubt not would lead to the same conclusion.
