i87a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3489
Senator from California that in the present
condition of the bill there is no opportunity
whatever for amending the proposed amend-
ment to the amendment, offered by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, embracing several sections,
unless the substitute reported by the commit-
tee can be treated as an original bill. Then
it will be open to amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely rose to inquire ;
what would be the effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Only to facilitate ;
action, to allow the Senate to perfect the bill j
as they may prefer. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the substitute reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee will be regarded as the original
bill, and the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada is now pending; and it is open to
amendment.
Mr. FERRY. I now move to strike out the
second section of that part of the amendment
which is under the head of Senate bill No. 114.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the part of the amendment proposed
to be stricken out by the Senator from Con-
necticut. The Senator from Connecticut moves
to amend the.pending amendment by striking
oat what will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows:
That any person who shall hereafter knowingly
accept or hold any office under the United St&tes. or
any State, to whieh he is ineligible under the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments of the
Constitution of the United States, or who shall at-
tempt to hold or exercise the duties of any such office,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor against the
United States, and upon conviction thereof before the
circuit or district court of the United States shall bo
imprisoned not more than one year and fined not
exceeding 81.000. and shall forever be disqualified to
hold any office of honor, trust, or profit under the
United States or any State.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the history of
this bill will perhaps explain the view which I
have and which leads me to offer the amend-
ment. Originally a bill was reported from the
Judiciary Committee in substance the same as
the section which I now move to strike out,
except that it made the offense a felony instead
ot'a misdemeanor. I recollect that there was
some discussion in the Senate upon that sub-
ject, and the bill I presume was recommitted
from the fact that it subsequently came to us
reported back from that committee. Before,
however, it was recommitted a bill was intro-
duced to remedy the same mischief, to wit, the
holding of office by persons ineligible, which
was the same as the first section of the present
Senate bill No. 114.
The mischief attempted to be remedied by
this bill was the holding of office by persons
iueligible under the fourteenth amendment.
It was first attempted to be remedied by creat-
ing that act a felony and imposing penalties;
but it was argned that it would be impossible
to enforce a penal act of that kind, because
the offense would have to be prosecuted and
tried in the very community that had chosen
the ineligible person to office; and that how-
ever many such might be indicted, juries would
fail to convict, and consequently the other mode
of proceeding, by quo warranto and directing
the district attorneys to institute proceedings
by quo warranto and the Federal courts to
entertain jurisdiction of this proceeding, was
a remedy which would most effectually relieve
the evil which did or might exist.
I think at the present time, as I did before,
that if there be any such existing evil, to enact
now a criminal statute making a new misde-
meanor or a felony for the very short period of
time during which these disabilities are to
remain—for, sir, I do not think there is a
Senator in this body who believes these dis-
abilities will remain to any great extent for two
years longer—to create a new misdemeanor or
felony, inflict new fines and penalties under
such circumstances,_ when any evil that exists or
is likely to exist is confessedly completely
remedied by the first section of this bill, seems
to me to be b^d legislation.
I shall be very glad, therefore, to have this
41st Conq. 2d Sbss.—No. 219.
second section of the amendment stricken out,
believing that the first section by the proceed-
ing in quo warranto affords a perfect remedy
for any evil that does or can exist.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the section will
' not be stricken out. I think while that sec-
: tion of the fourteenth amendment is in force, |
i and persons are not relieved of disabilities, it
i ought to be regarded as an offense to hold
j office in violation of it.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The question :
is on the amendment of the Senator from Con- J
nectdcut to the amendment of the Senator from j
Nevada. j
Mr. THDRMAN. I do not quite understand |
this. I thought we were considering Senate j
I bill No. 810.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator I
from Nevada moved to amend it by adding
! two bills as additional sections, Senate bills
Nos. 114 and 365.
Mr. THURMAN. And the Senator from
Connecticut moves to strike out one section
of one of those bills?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second sec-
tion of Senate bill No. 114.
Mr. MORTON. I hope this section will
not be stricken out, if by striking it out we
should indicate that all disabilities under the
fourteenth amendment will be relieved within
a year or two, as desired by the Senator from
Connecticut. I have failed to perceive the
soundness of the policy of removing all disa-
bilities, and permittingthe very men who made
the rebellion, the old politicians, the men who
brought about the war, and who are the real
authors of all our misfortunes, bloodshed, and
expenditure, to enjoy full political rights and
privileges. There is no justice in it. It is
subversive of every principle that you can call
justice. I might argue at some length to show
that instead of being justice it is cruelty; it is
inhumanity.
i Sir, there seems to be a desire to take away
from the rebellion every criminal feature, to
! make the rebellion what it has been called by
| some, a mere unpleasantness; a mere contest
j between different sections, as it was styled by
j the Senator firom Delaware the other day; one
, section opposing the other; to make it a mere
political movement, an honest difference of
! opinion. That is the effect of all this, that
. now, within five years after the end of the war,
; we are to place the authors of this gteat crime
j upon a level politically with the Uhion men
; ot the country; authorize them to enter these
Halls, to fill all the offices, to make our laws.
This is the policy. Sir, we are teaching the
rising generation that rebellion is no crime.
We are stripping it of every feature of crimin-
ality; and what else are we doing? We are
causing the Union men of the South to feel,
we are making them ti feel every day, that it
would have been better for them a thousand
times, politically, pecuniarily, and socially if
they had gone with the rebellion.
Sir, this policy of conciliation, so far as the
men embraced in the fourteenth amendment are
concerned, is a failure. Take the men particu-
larly embraced by the fourteenth amendment,
only embracing old politicians and old offend-
ers ; do you expect to conciliate them ? As well
attempt to conciliate a den of rattlesnakes.
These men have been cast in the mold of the
rebellion, and in that mold they will remain.
So far as the mass of the people are concerned,
so far as the young men of the South are con-
cerned, it maybe different; but as to these old
politicians who were engaged for years in bring-
ing the rebellion on, who are responsible for
it, With all its immense consequences that hu-
man language cannot describe—to talk about
conciliating them, by putting them upon a level
politically with those who w^re loyal to the Gov-
ernment, is ridiculous. You can excite noth-
ing but contempt by that operation.^ Yon never
violate the principles of justice without excit-
ing the contempt of those in whose behalf it
is done. The very men whose disabilities are
to be relieved will breathe nothing but con-
tempt for the men who do it.
I am not speaking of punishment. That has
passed by. Not a rebel has been punished ;
and there seems to be hot haste that the
original offenders, the original conspirators
themselves, shall be eligible to political rights,
and again be allowed to enter the Halls of
Congress.
The Senator says that he thinks that in less
than two years all disabilities will be swept
away. Why should they be swept away? Sir,
there was a bill passed by the Senate the other
day, and I do not think there were but two or
three men on this floor who understood it, by
which what is called the iron-clad oath was
repealed as to everybody except those who
were embraced in the fourteenth amendment,
so that a rebel general who fought through the
war, a member of the rebel congress, provided
he is not embraced in the fourteenth amend-
ment, may be eligible to a seat on this floor.
That bill passed the Senate under the rule we
| adopted for passing business that was not ob-
1 jectedto, and hasyone to the House. I think
| it is likely it will be stopped there. But, sir,
: if that bill shall pass the House, or if the pol-
l icy inaugurated by the Senator from Connec-
ticut shall prevail, then those who were engaged
! in the rebellion will come in and take seats on
this floor, and then the rebellion is a tabooed
subject.
It will not do to talk about the rebellion and
the rebels when you have them by your side.
Personal considerations and other considera-
tions of delicacy will then prevent that. What
will then stand between the loyal people of
this nation and those who were engaged in the
rebellion ? There will be but one or two things
left. The pensioning of loyal soldiers and of
their widows and orphans will be about the
only distinction; and when you have come to
;1 that point you will be urged to remove that
! distinctidn as being the very best measure of
conciliation.
No, sir, it is not punishment; as I have said
: before, all that has passed by; it is a ques-
j; tion about enforcing an amendment to the Con-
j stitution that was solemnly adopted by the peo-
1 < pie of this country. We went to the coun-
i try m 1866 upon the fourteenth amendment,
| and the voice of the nation was strong in its
favor; and now nearly two years have passed
j away since that amendment became the law
of the land and there is no law to enforce it.
Men are holding office in violation of that
amendment in almost every southern State in
this Union; perhaps in every one. Two years
have passed, and no law enacted! Has that
been the result of accident, or has there been
some little design in it ? And now, when it has
been proposed for the first time in this body to
pass a law to enforce that amendment, we are
urged not to do so, on the ground that within
i two years from this time we shall relieve all
j disabilities so t hat in that respect the fourteenth
! amendment will be a perfect nullity. That
! does notmeetwith the approbation of my judg-
ment. It is a mistaken policy that has failed
from the very first. You conciliate nobody,
you gain nothing by it; but it is weakness—
Weakness from the very beginning.
! Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the Senator
: from Indiana, in the first place, seems entirely
| to mistake the position which I assuihe here
and the character of my amendment. I take
it for granted that when the Judiciary Com-
mittee report a bill they report it because there
is some evil existing which needs a remedy, or
some mischief to be feared 'which heeds to be
prevented. They have reported a bill for the
purpose of enforcing the fourteenth amend-
ment, whereby those who have taken or who
may take office in violation of the provisions
of that amendment may be removed from
office, or the offense they have committed may
be punished. Their bill is in t*o sections: one
a bill of puns and penalties, creating misde-
meanors hitherto unknown to the law, misde-
