1870.
THE - .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
adjourned over from time to time awaiting the
action of Congress, as I understood Iiim. What
reason have they to adjourn from time, to time
to await our action ? What action of ours is
there that the Legislature has any such interest
in that it must maintain its session? lam not
aware of anything; I do not know anything
that it can. be adjourning over from day today
for, unless it is to pass a law postponing the
election in Georgia and seeking by usurpation
to perpetuate its power. That is the only rea-
son 1 can see why that Legislature has not
adjourned and gone home long ago.
Mr. MORTON. One word in answer to the
Senator. The Senator cannot see why the
Legislature of Georgia is awaiting the action
of Congress. I am somewhat surprised at that.
If we admit Georgia, then the Legislature of
Georgia can proceed to general legislation for
the benefit of that State, of which it stands
greatly in need. If we fail to admit Georgia,
that Legislature adjourns sine die, or depends
entirely upon the will of the military commander
of that State. And yet the Senator cannot see
why thcaction of that Legislature depends upon
<5ur action ! It seems to me it is very apparent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very desirable, in
my judgment, to dispose of the Georgia matter.
I should be very glad indeed if there could be
some understanding by which it could be dis-
posed of. But it is in a shape now that there
is no understanding, I think, in the Senate.
The bill, in its present shape, has not been
referred t.o any committee. If the object is to
take it up and refer it to some committee, to
see if we cannot come to some understanding
and avoid a general debate and controversy
here again, it might be well enough to do it;
but if the idea is to bring it up, as things now
are, we are right at the threshold of the same
questions we have had before.
• I said a moment ago that the bill which has
come from the House is unlike the bill the
House first passed; it is unlike the bill the
Senate passed; it is a new proposition. The
Senator from Vermont who is not in his seat
[Mr. Edmunds] suggested that it was a very
singular parliamentary proceeding, that the
House of Representatives departs from its
first bill entirely and refuses to agree to the
Senate amendment and sends a different prop-
osition.
No one is more anxious than I am for the
early admission to representation of all the
States in the Union, and I have regretted ex-
ceedingly the controversy that has arisen in
regard to Georgia. If there were some way
by which this bill could be got into a shape
that would unite our friends upon it I should
be very glad indeed Jo have it resorted to ; but
to undertake to act upon a bill that is likely to
lead to debate, that is construed in two ways—
in my own judgment it is very clear what the
law is, but others do not agree with me—to
take the bill up in this unsettled condition of
things, I think would lead to no good at this
hour, of the afternoon. It certainly "cannot
pass this afternoon unless we come to some
understanding in reference to it in advance,
and so far as I know there is none. The
presentbill has not been referred, and no com-
mittee has considered it. That is the reason
I vote against taking it up this afternoon,
though I am very anxious to dispose of the
question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2!), nays 25; as follows:
TEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Chandler,Oragin, Drake, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, llarlan, Howard, Howell, Lewis, Moi ton, IS ye,
Osboru, Pomeroy, Pool, liamsey, llice, Robertson,
Sueucer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Warner, Wil-
liams, "Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Carpenter,
Casserly, Oole.Conklmg, Corbett, Fowler, Hamilton
of Maryland, Karris, JLlowe. Johnston, kcllogs, Mc-
Creer> Patterson, Pratt, lloss, Sauls^ury, Sawyer,
Scott, Spragno, Stockton, Thurraan, Trumbull, and
^li§ENl'--Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Caitell,
Davis. l-Mmundo, Fonton, Ferry. Flanagan, Hamlin,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of \ erraont,
41st Cukg, 2d Sess.—No. 387.
Norton, Revels,
Ylckers—18.
Sehurz, Sherman, Tipton, and
So the motion was agreed to.
: The PRESIDING OFFICES. The Georgia
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
Michigan now to give way informally for a few
minutes, to let us pass the servile labor bill. I
believe everybody is in favor of it.
Mr. HOWE. There is one objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to laying asido the Georgia bill?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Then I object to every-
thing.
william ciiinn.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask unanimous consent to
take up a bill that it will not take five minutes
to pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
Mr. THAYER. I wish to submit a prop-
osition to see if the Senator from Michigan or
the Senate will acquiesce in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is whether there is any objection^ to
the proposition of the Senator from Virginia ?
Mr. CONKLING. I will not object to the
bill of the Senator from Virginia, because I
sympathize with him in his wish, but I desire
to make this remark: getting up any bill,
whatever it may be, ordinarily would indicate
that the bill was to be considered ; but it has
come now to this, that when a bill is taken up,
it it means anything, it means that that partic-
ular bill is selected as the one that is not to be
considered, and it is the sigual for every other
bill to come in.
Mr. LEWIS. If my friend from New York
will allow me to make an explanation 
Mr. CONKLING. I do not object to this.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia has not indicated his bill.
Mr. LEWIS. It is a bill for the relief of a
colored man, paying $720 for property of his
taken 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I give notice that after
this I shall object to the consideration of all
other bills while the Georgia bill is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Virginia, which is Senate bill
No. 545, for the relief of William Chinn?
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
545) for the relief of William .Chinn, was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee ol' the Whole. It provides for paying
$720 to William Chinn, a colored man, of
Prince William county, in the State of Vir-
ginia, in his own right, and as the lawful
assignee of Mrs. Frances i>. Gibson, his late
mistress, m full compensation of all losses
sustained by him and her, severally and jointly,
on account of live stock, provisions, and for-
age of every kind, furnished to and taken by
the troops of the United States from the farm
of Mrs. Gibson, in thatcounty, during the late
civil war, and in full compensation for all losses
sustained by either and by both, for pasturage,
damage to fences on the farm, and for any
other losses not herein enumerated.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there a report in that
case ?
Mr. PRATT. There is a report, one of the
first reports I made from the Committee on
Claims. The actual claim put in by Mr.
Chinn amounted to $2,192, excluding entirely
all damages to the realty, not counting any
damage to fencing or pasturage.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the damage?
Mr. PRATT. The damage consisted in
taking nine horses, seven beet cattle, fifteen
head of sheep, six calves, fourteen hogs, fifty
pieces of bacon, and a quantity ol hay, oats,
and corn.
Mr. CONKLING. Taken by the United
States Army?
- Mr. PRATT. Yes ®r; by detachments at
different times, until every hoof was swept away
from his farm, everything that hehad was takett.
He was a slave of Mrs. Gibson, and she had
manumitted him in her will, and she has
a formal transfer of this claim to him., Tfid
committee cut his claim down two thirds. Fou
myself, I was willing to havfc reported the whole
amount, $2,192. butthecommitteewerenotwill-
ing to allow him for anything more than could
be proved was actually consumed aud used by
the Army, and that wa3 $723, about one thipj
of the claim that was actually proved. I ought
to say further that Mrs. Gibson, the owner of
this slave, had a protection paper from Mr,
Lincoln.
Mr. HOWARD. A safeguard.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir. I read an extract
from the report:
"Among the papers on file is a safeguard given to
Mrs. Gibson on the 17th of April, 1862, by General
Wadsworth, then military governor of the District
of Columbia. By its terms all officer,? and soldiers
belonging to the Army of the United States are com-
manded to respect it, and to afford, if necessary,
protection to Mrs. Gibson, her family, house, $nii
property."
These are the very terms of tho safeguard.
There never was, in my judgment, a juster
claim.
Mr. HOWARD. If anything could prole,ct
the property it was a safeguard ; but the prop-
erty was taken in spite of the safeguard.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. .
Mr. THAYER. I wish to ask the consent
oftheSenatorfromMichigaa tosubmita motion
as to business. It is that we have a session to-
morrow evening, at half past seven o'clock, to
take up the Calendar, commencing where we
left oft' when we went through it tho first time,
as indicated by the Senator from Indiana. , Let
us take up the unobjected eases; we can get
rid of a good many bills-which are crowding in
here every day. 1 ask the Senate——
Mr. HOWARD. That will lead to much
discussion. I think we had better cat it olf.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the proposition of the Senator from
Nebraska?
Mr. FOWLER. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is objection ,to a
meeting to-morrow night.
Mr. THURMA.N. I move to reconsider die
vote on the passage of the bill just passed,
simply for the purpose of notifying the coun-
try that the way of getting a claim of this kind
through, which is the first one, Ibslieve, passed
by the Senate for supplies taken by opr armies
in the rebel States, is to transfer the .claim to
a man u of color." [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. We will consider the notice
as having been given.
Mr. THURMAN. I withdraw the motion
to reconsider.
1 Mr. HOWARD. In reply to the remark
of the Senator from Ohio, I wish to say that I
I voted for that bill because the property was
protected sacredly by a safeguard properly
issued.
state of georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (fl. II.
No. 1885) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, is before the Senate on the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the amend-
ments of the Senate.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to strike oat ail after the word
"that," where it first occurred in the Senate
amendments, and to insert:
The State of Georgia, having complied with tho
reconstruction acts, and the fourteenth and litcccntU
articles of amendments to tho Constitution of tho
I United States bavins? been ratified in-sjoodfaith by a
1 legal Legislature of said Si ate, it is hereby declared
i that the State of Ueoi^ia i~ eutiiled to los'iescnta-
j tion in the Con^rcso ol thoUnitcdStates. ButnotL-
ing in this act contained shall be construed to deprive
J the people of (Georgia of the right to an election for
