1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2545
What we want now is to provide means, so far
as is practicable and reasonable, to enable this
company to finish its road. It has been labor-
ing under great embarrassments sines 1864.
We alt know—at least most ot'us know—really
what those embarrassments were. It is not
necessary for me now to undertake to detail
them or even to explain them. It is sufficient
for me to say now that the affairs of the com-
pany have passed into hands able and wise and
energetic, and that by the aid which this joint
resolution contemplates there is no doubt iu my
mind that this road will proceed and will be
constructed and finished within a reasonable
number of years.
Mr. President, the Senator has criticised the
language of the proposition before us. He
insists that the object of the first clause of the
resolution is to enlarge the grant which is made
to the company. I deny it. It lias not that
effect. It contemplates no such thing. The
original charter of the company granted to it
through the States through which the line of
road should run ten sections of land on each
side of the line, and through the Territories
twenty sections on each side of the line, and
then it proceeds to say:
"And whonover prior to said time''—
That is. the time of fixing the line—•
"any of said sections, or parts of sections, shall
have been granted, sold, reserved, occupied by home-
stead settlers, or preempted, or otherwise disposed
of, other lands shall be selected by said company in
' lieu thereof."
That was the original promise made to this
company by its charter, to grant to the com-
pany sufficient land in lieu of sections already
disposed of by the Government, to make up
the quantum of sections contemplated in the
previous part of the act, to furnish new sec-
tions in lieu thereof. Was not this an engage-
ment on the part of the United States to make
this number of sections good? No man can
doubt it. The honorable Senator himself can-
not doubt it unless he doubts the meaning of
as plain a passage of English language as was
ever written by an English pen.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from
Michigan will allow me, I think if he will turn
to the original act he will find that it was not
then in contemplation by Congress to make
any such additional grant as is now proposed.
Mr. HOWARD. I have the original act
before me, and am commenting upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I refer to page 368, vol-
ume thirteen of the statutes.
Mr. HOWARD. I have that page before
me, and was reading from it. I shall satisfy
the honorable Senator before I get through, I
think, that 1 am right.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator has it in
his mind,- that is all I care about.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir, I have it not
only in my mind, but in my hand. The act
proceeds:
" Provided, That if said route shall be found upon
the line of any other railroad route, to aid in the
construction of which lands have been heretofore
granted by the United States, as far as the rights are
upon thesame general line, the amount of land here-
tofore granted shall be deducted from the amount
granted by this act: Provided, further. That the rail-
road company receiving the provious grant of land
may assign their interest to said Northern Pacific
Railroad Company," <kc.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Mich-
igan will allow me, I desired particularly to
call his attention to the clause preceding that
which he has read, beginning at the first line
on the page, providing for the very case which
is now sought to be provided for over again.
Mi'. HOWARD. That is the one which I
iust, read.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think not.
Mr. HOWARD. I will read it again :
"And whenever prior to said time any of said sec-
tions or parts of sections shall have been granted,
sold reserved, occupied by homestead settlers, or
preempted, or otherwise disposed of, other lands
shall be selected by said company in lieu thereof,
under tlio direction of the Secretary ot the Inferior,
in alternate sections, and designated by odd num-
bers, not more than Leu miles beyond the limits 01
said alternate sections."
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 160.
That is the whole passage. It is entirely
clear that the purpose of Congress was to make
up to the company any deficiency that might
exist in consequence of lands being taken up
by homestead settlers or otherwise, and it was
supposed that a range of ten miles beyond the
outer limit of the sections reserved would be
entirely sufficient for this purpose. That is
the fact about it.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Iowa also insists that this company, if this
resolution should pass, will have the right to
demand of the Government additional sections
for the mineral lands that may lie within the
range of its possessions. In this the Senator
had not read the charter correctly. The char-
ter itself declares:
"That all mineral lands be, and the same are
hereby, excluded from tho operations of thisact, and
in lieu thereof a like quantity of unoccupied and
unappropriated agricultural lands, in odd-numbered
sections, nearest to the lino of said road, may bo
selected as above provided."
The honorable Senator seems to have over-
looked that clause in the charter.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all. "Shall be
selected as above provided;" that is, by the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. It does not say within the
limits of the ten miles.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly it does say
within the limits of the ten miles. "As above
provided." What is provided above? Why,
that these selections to fill up deficiencies shall
be within the range of ten miles. That is what
is referred to by the words "above provided."
Mr. HARLAN. If it does not embarrass
the Senator, and I am sure it does not, I will
say that the point I made was this: that the
granting of lands in lieu of the mineral lands
was not usual. It has been done in this case,
and possibly one or two other cases; but it is
not a usual provision in a land grant, and I
suggested that probably it would take it outside
of the ten-mile boundary.
Mr. HOWARD. I was not talking about
what was especially usual. I was talkingabout
this charter, on which the honorable Senator
had seen fit to comment, and on which I was
commenting. But it is not unusual, let me say
to the Senator. The provision is contained in
the charter of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, and if my memory serves me it is
contained in the charter of the Atlantic and
Pacifio Railroad Company, and I think in
some other acts of Congress on the same sub-
ject. It is, at all events, by no means unusual.
The Senator in the course of his remarks
on Thursday intimated, and he has" repeated
the intimation to-day, that this measure now
before us was not drawn with perfect good
faith, that there is lurking in it a device, an
artifice, or a scheme by which the company
will get a larger portion of land than would
appear at first blush to be expressed on the
face of the resolution, and he criticised^ this
language. Speaking of the mortgage which it
is contemplated to issue, the resolution says:
And as proof and notice of its legal execution
and effectual delivery, said mortgage shall be filed
and recorded in the office of the Secretary of the
Interior, and when so filed, shall bo deemed to be a
good and sufficient conveyance of all the rights ana
property of said company as therein expressed.
He intimated on Thursday that it would be
a strictly legal construction of this statute if
the company should include in its_ mortgage
lands which should lie entirely without the
range of the alternate sections, lands that
might lie anywhere and everywhere, provided
they belong to the United States, and that
such lands would be subject to the operation
of this mortgage. Do I misstate the Senator ?
Mr. HARLAN. I was very unfortunate in
my statement if my language was susceptible
of such a construction. 1 concluded that it
might be construed to mean, and probably or
possibly was intended to mean, that it should
operate as a lien on lands embraced within the
grant but beyond the completed portion of the
line of the road; that is, that the lien would
lie, would operate on the lands embraced within
the grant before the company would be en-
titled to title.
Mr. HOWARD. If that was the honorable
Senator's meaning, of course I accept it as a
correction of the . comment that I was indulg-
ing in touching his argument oa Thursday. I,
however, understood the honorable Senator
very differently. I understood him to intimate
that if the company should insert in this mort-
gage lands lying anywhere in the Uniced States,
such was the language of the clause that it
would give the title of those lands to the com-
pany. In order, however, to avoid all ambi-
guity and all uncertainty as to this clause of the
resolution, I am entirely willing that it shall be
amended—and if the honorable Senator will
see what I propose I think it will satisfy him—
by striking out after the word "Interior,"
in the tenth line, down to and including the
word " expressed," in the thirteenth.line, and
inserting instead of the passage stricken out
the words, "which filing and recording shall
be deemed notice of the existence of said
mortgage." Will that not satisfy the honor-
able Senator's scruples?
Mr. HARLAN. With a few additional words
it would read, "and which shall not operate
as a lien on any land beyond the terminus of
any completed section of the line."
Mr. HOWARD. That I could not agree to.
That is not so in any case. I merely wished
to remove any ambiguity from the measure as
to the effect of tho mortgage. I am willing to
strike out the words, "and when so filed shall
be deemed to be a good and sufficient convey-
ance of all the rights and property of said
company as therein expressedso that it shall
simply require the filing of the mortgage and
the declaration that it shall be notice to the
world of the fact of the existenee of the mort-
gage ; giving it no other effect whatever except
merely a notice to the whole world.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator would
modify it as I will suggest, it would make it
still better, I think. We do not want to say
"which shall be a conveyance as they may
express in a mortgage." We do not know
what they will express.
Mr. HOWARD. I propose to strike that
out.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest, instead of
striking out all those words, to strike out the
words "as therein expressed," and to insert
"as such rights may exist by law." Let them
do what they have a right to do under the law.
Mr. HOWARD. Never mind about that.
The mortgage will speak for itself, and the law
as applicable to it will speak for itself. Let it
stand as it is.
Mr. POMEROY. I never like to give any
legislative interpretation. I want them to have
all the rights they have got under the law.
Mr. HOWrARD. Undoubtedly, I suppose,
this company will draw their mortgage so as
to include lands lying along the line of their
road beyond the finished part of the road. I
suppose they have a right by the common law
to do so. They have a right to do it by insert-
ing in their mortgage a covenant to that effect,
so that whenever the company shall become en-
ti tied to receive a patent from the United States,
and shall receive a patent from the United
States for a particular tract of land, that tract
shall become by virtue of the covenant subject
to the mortgage. A party who has a chose in
action, a party.who has a right which is to
accrue in the future has a right to mortgage the
subject of that right by inserting proper cove-
nants into his instrument. This is one oi the
principles ofthe common law, and nobody ever
doubted it except money-lenders, ana they
sometimes affect to doubt it, as is true in the
present case, and hence the necessity ox pass-
ing this declaration in so many words ot what
the company may do and what they may mort-
%. CASSERLY. Do I understand the Sen-
