2546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
ator from Michigan to reject the amendment
offered by the Senator from Kansas ?
Mr; HOWARD. I prefer my own to that.
Mr. CASSERLY. As I understand the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas, it
seemed to me to be entirely fair and to make
everything quite clear, and was consistent even
with the views of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. It may be better than
mine ; I do not know that it is.
Now, Mr. President, I have finished all I
have to say on this subject. As I said before,
this company have never received a dollar in
the form of subsidy from the United States.
They are to rely upon their own private means
and upon the public lands which we give to
them to raise money to carry on this vast enter-
prise. We have promised them in the States
twenty sections of land per mile and forty sec-
tions of land per mile in the Territories. That
is what their charter plainly promises to them.
Since the enactment of their charter many
of these lands have been taken up by settlers
and in other ways, and the land fund which
we agreed to furnish them has become some-
what diminished in value; and especially, as
I am informed, is this the case near the east-
ern terminus of the line in the State of Min-
nesota. It is particularly in reference to that
portion of the line which lies between Lake
Superior and the Mississippi river that the
company is anxious for these additional lands
in order to make up deficiencies which have
occurred by purchases by settlers and home-
stead claimants. I hope the Senate will not
hesitate to make up this deficiency. I think
they will not, for I have 110 doubt that the Sen-
ate understand the nature and importance of
this road too well to be governed by any other
than liberal and statesmanlike motives in ref-
erence to it. •
A few days ago the Senator from Iowa spoke
reproachfully of this company because they had
not located their line of road and filed a map,
and he has repeated the same objection here
to-day. • He seems to charge them with willful
neglect in not establishing the line of their
road and filing a map of their road, and he
thinks they are not entitled to any particular
favor, having been guilty of such neglect. Now
i wish to read a document which 1 hold in my
. hand as a reply to this objection on the part of
the honorable Senator. It is a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, dated March 4, 1870,
in which he says:
Sut: I received your letter of the 3d instant, ask-
ing to he informed whether the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company have tiled a map of the lino of
tiieirroad, or any pai t thereof, and whether tho lands
lying on tile line of tho same have been withdrawn
iiom market.
In reply, I have the honor to state that under date
<)[ March 9, 18G5, Mr. Secretary Usher sent to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office a man upon
which tho general line of said road, from Lake 8u-
peiior to Paget sound, as adopted by tho hoard of
directors, was delineated, with a copy of a lettor
from tho president of the company, requesting a
withdrawal ot the grant of lands, and statmg that in
view of the third and sixth sections of the act of July
2,186t, if the Commissioner should perceive no objec-
tion, he thought that the odd sections along the line
for ten miles in width on each side in Minnesota and
Wisconsin, a.nd for twenty miles in width along that
portion of the line extending through the Territories
westward to Puget sound, should be withdrawn as
requested, as preliminary to a final location of said
railroad.
The Commissioner, under date of June 22, 18G1,
made a report to Mr. Secretary 1Iaki,an, stating that
in his opinion it was against public policy to make
the withdrawal prior to the final location of the road,
and as the late Secretary had not ordered it to be
made, asked for directions in the premises for the
government of his ollice. It does not appear from
the records of this Department that any directions
wore given, and no withdrawal was made.
I, however, upon being informed by the company
that parties were proceeding in advance of their
engineers and entering their most valuable lands,
advised them, under date of tho 21st ultimo, that
upon their filing a mat; designating tho route of their
road from Lake Superior to the western boundary of
Minnesota., an order would be issued to tho Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to withdraw tem-
porarily the odd sections not sold, reserved, &c., for
twenty miles on each side ot the route.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COX, >Secretary.
It seems, then, that the company as early as
1865 did make application to the Secretary of
the Interior to file this map and to have the
lands on each side of the line withdrawn from
market. This was done, as this letter shows,
in consequence of the omission of the then
Secretary of the Interior, now the Senator from
Iowa, who opposes this joint resolution, to give
the proper order to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
Mr. HARLAN. With the Senator's leave,
the letter which he has just read does not state
the whole case. It does the Commissioner of
the General Land Office injustice, to say noth-
ing about the inference that might be drawn
in relation to myself. Railroad companies
attempted to file maps which were not a dia-
gram of the survey, but merely a pencil mark
or a pen mark drawn on a lithographed map
that Ihey might buy anywhere. In advance
of making any survey and any location of the
road on the earth's surface, they would draw
a line across a map and ask to have it filed as
the location of their road.
That may have been admitted as a legal
filing in tho early history of land grants ; but
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
very early ascertained that it ended, as he
states here, in endless confusion in adjusting
the conflicting rights of homestead and pre-
emption settlers with the land-grant compa-
niesj and hence adopted a rule requiring them
to survey their line, to stake it off, so that their
map when filed should be a representation of
the location on the earth's surface ; and I sup-
pose that rule has been adhered to ever since.
This company, it would seem from the docu-
ment read, attempted to comply with the law,
not by making a survey and locating their road,
but by taking a map and drawing a line across
it, and asking to have the lands withdrawn on
such a location as that—a pure sham.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what, au-
thority the honorable Senator has for calling
it a sham. I do not believe it to have been a
sham at all.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the honorable Sena-
tor if he knows that that company had at the
time that they offered to file a map surveyed
the route of the road, even made a prelim-
inary survey ?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know the fact of
my oWn knowledge.
Mr. HARLAN. Then the inference is with-
out any evidence, and unjust to that extent.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no knowledge of
my own upon the subject. I was not on the
ground, and did not ijarticipate in any survey.
But it has seemed to me a little remarkable
that the honorable Senator should speak thus
reproachfully of this Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, charging them with ntfgloet to fix the
line of their road, when as long ago as 18t!5
they offered to do so, and he would not. or did
not allow it to be done.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state some additional
facts in that connection. From the document
that the Senator reads they offered to file a
map March 9, 1865. Now, when was this
charter passed ?
Mr. HOWARD. July 2, 1864.
Mr. IIARLAN. Then in the March follow-
ing they filed a map. Mr. Usher was then
Secretary of the Interior, and remained Sec-
retary of tho Interior until the 15th day of the
following May. That letter states that in June
my attention was called to it; so that it had
slept there in the two offices of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office and the Sec-
retary of the Interior from the 9th of March
until some time in June, during nearly the
whole period of which time Mr. Usher was
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have noth-
ing further to add on the subject of this joint
resolution except to urge upon tho Senate to
act upon it and dispose of it. I think the in-
terests of the company and the interests of the
country require that it should be passed. It
asks no more at the hands of Congress, as I
said before, than what is promised to them in
their original charter of 1864—not a single
acre, 1 repeat, with the exception of the new
donations upon the line from Portland to Puget
sound, which is authorized by this resolution.
That line from Portland to Puget sound was
not embraced in the original charter. It was
authorized and the right of way given to this
company at the last session of Congress, but
simply the right of way and no lands to enable
the company to build it. On that line, and on
that alone, are lands required additional to
those contemplated in the original charter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of-the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire to say some-
thing on this measure, but I really do not feel
able to do so to-day. I therefore move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will not press that motion at this time.
If the Senator is not prepared to speak on this
bill, there is other business that can be brought
up and transacted.
Mr. THURMAN. If the bill can be passed
over, I have no objection. I am prepared to
speak on it as well as I shall be able, but I
really do not feel able to do so to-'day, and as
it is now nearly half past three o'clock I think
we might as well adjourn. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not. I think we can
come to a vote in a few minutes.
Mr. THURMAN. I insist on the motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope it will be agreed
that this measure may be passed over. I do
not wish to speak on it this evening. It cannot
be passed to-day; that is very clear.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to ask my
colleague whether he proposes to go into the
discussion of the general system of laud grants
in debating this particular bill?
Mr. THURMAN. I want to speak upon
the whole subject, on this bill, and then forever
after hold my peace on the whole subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason why I asked
the question is obvious. The first part of this
bill, the first clause, to which I think no Sen-
ator objects, as has been stated by the chair-
man of the committee, gives the company
authority to make a mortgage, &c., to promote
this enterprise, and it also provides for a new
land grant from Portland to Puget sound.
Mr. THURMAN. My colleague is entirely
mistaken. I object, for one, both to the mort-
gaging power and to the new land grant.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the reason I
asked the question if the Senator objected to
this particular part of the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought there would
be no objection to the mortgage clause.
Mr. THURMAN. There are Senators who
wish to have bills passed to which there is no
objection, and I hope the Senator who has this
measure in charge will let it go over until Mon-
day. I do not wish to be forced to speak upon
it now.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish this joint
resolution to lose its place on the Calendar.
I will do anything to accommodate the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. If the measure could be
passed this evening, if there was any proba-
bility of its being passed this evening, I would
forego the right to speak; but that is impos-
sible. There are Senators who I know wish
to speak on the measure ; and if it cannot be
passed to-day it had better go over until Mon-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate, as he did in regard to a
question asked at an earlier period of the day,
