290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
and duties and lending himself to or engaging with
others in amalieious attempt to discredit and dishonor
my personal andoffieial character for the purpose, as
is by himself admitted, of forwarding a partisan po-
litical movement in opposition to myself, and for .the
defeatof public measures looking to the reestablish-
ment of military government, which were falsely
asserted as being favored by me.
"The subsequent action of the treasurer in refus-
ing to comply with an executive order requiring that
his report in response to a resolution of the house
of representatives should be transmitted to that
body through the exocutivc office, has still further
delayed official communication between myself and
the general Assembly upon this subject; and I now
only embrace this opportunity out of deference to
the public expression of a desire on the part of the
city government of Atlanta to ascertain, with a view
of complying with the wishes of the State govern-
ment in connection with the fulfillment of the obli-
gations voluntarily incurred by that city at the time
of the adoption of that section of our constitution
which locates the capital at this point."
And again in this communication, referring to my
action in providing the moans whereby the State
capitol was to be prepared for the reception of the
General Assembly, after reciting the duty of the Ex-
ecutive, I say:
" Had I failed to take such steps as would insure
the completion of suitable accommodations in time
for the regular session of your honorable body I
should have been clearly derelict in the perform-
ance of my official duties. The use on my part of
the public money and the public crcdit for the gen-
eral welfare of the State and for public purposes is
fully sustained by along line of precedents, running
through the records of the executive office in almost
every administration for nearly a century; and it
cannot be successfully argued that the peculiarrcla-
tions existing between the State and the building
now occupied as a capitol would mako it improper
for mo to regard it as public property. The Legis-
lature had adjourned to meet at Atlanta; the seat
of government was constitutionally fixed at this
point; the Legislature could not assemble elsewhere;
they had adopted tho building as the ono in which
to hold their session, as well as for tho location of
the offices of tho State government; and it was,
therefore, to all intents and purposes of that char-
actor which required tho general supervision of the
Executive, and made it his duty to see that it was in
a proper state of preparation for tho uses and pur-
poses of the State.
"Ilad there been any doubt resting upon my mind
of tho legality and tho propriety of tho course which
I had decided to pursue under tho general provision
of law heretofore referred to, and under which iny
predecessors had actod.such doubt would have been
removed by a proper consideration of tho act passed
at your last session which authorizes tho Executive
to effect a loan to tho State, by bonds or otherwise,
upon such terms as to him shall seem meet, of a suf-
ficient amount of money to pay off the membors
and officers and other expenses of this General
Assembly.'
"These, together with tho fact that this 'General
Assembly' having accepted the building in which it
is now sitting, and adjournod to meet therein, what-
ever became necessary to place tho building in suit-
able and appropriate order for tho reception of tho
Legislature and for tho public offices would by a
fairly implied construction bo ono 'of tho other
expenses of this General Assembly.' as in law both
sessions formed but ono General Assembly.'"
iho charge that I am financially or personally in-
terested, either directly or indirectly, in tho capitol
building known as "Kimball's opera house " was
fully refuted by the examinations of the committee
to which I have heretofore referred. And I find in
the sworn statement of Mr. il. L Kimball, mado
'i1-0 C01 "iittee on tho 5th day of February,
1869, thatin reply to tho following question: "If Gov-
ernor Bullock lias any interest in the opera houso
building, toll what that intorest is, and how and in
what way is lie interested." Mr. Kimball says *' lie
has not now,nor has ho ever had, unless lie was a
stockholder m the original company, any interest
whateverin theonera-house building eitherdircctly
or maircctly.' It is important for mo to say here
that tho original company to which Mr. Ivimball re-
ters waa a stock company organized for the purpose
oi building an opera house; that when tho opera
house was partially completed the stock company
failed, and the building was bought by Mr. Kimball
at sheriff s sale. X was not a stockholder in the ori-
ginal company.
^ address myself to thi* latest effort of
the conspirators weakest tool, which appears in the
:S lE-TrsellthS- £th ins,tant' and also in the
Aft distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky. After repeating all that has been here-
TTSl- f51RiSi?od- lle adds -0 ^ that
c/if ^ §4,000 had been used by my-
self, ihis statement is true, but tho $4,000 was not
used for myself, as this man well knew at the time
he penned tho line, and as the committee were
!"]v\c- they examined this matter, by the
exhibition of the lawful vouchers showing how and
01 What purpose the $4,000 was used; and he pre-
senN, as a furrier evidence of misuser of public
morn-v upon my part, that since the adjournment of
the Legislature I have paid to tho Messrs. Kimball
an additional amount, duothemfor fitting and furn-
ISaing. <£c.
As the previous payment^were made inaccord-
anoe with law and precedent, and as no act was
Pfssed by the General Assembly changing any of the
'ormer statutes or prohibiting any such payments, I
unable to see the force as against myself of tke
statement now made that I have not hesitated to
pay promptly the indebtedness of the State*.
This man adds, with an unction that would seem
to indicate the belief on his part that he stands as
an immovable barrier between my ruthlesshandand
the treasury of the State, he says: "There is no
telling what further amounthe[IJ would have drawn
and appropriated to himself, in violation of law,
had I [he] not sent the bank a synopsis of the code
of Georgia bearing on this subject/' But he neglects
to state at the same time the fact that not k dollar of
money could reach the treasury of the State from
our financial agentin New York, the Fourth National
Bank, except upon my checks or my order as Gov-
ernor for its transmission to tho treasury of the State.
He also attempts to criticise my action in regard
to placing certain bonds of the State, <fec. It is a
sufficient answer for me to say that all my action in
that connection is fully covered by lawful authority,
and has been done in direct conformity with the
statutes; and that the crcdit of the State has neither
been impaired nor imperiled is sufficiently estab-
lished by tho marketable quotation of our securities.
In regard to my executive warrants drawn upon
the treasury under legal appropriation, which are
denounced by the treasurer as being excessive, and
ashe alleges to havcbecnused intheway of patron-
age to buy influence, I have simply to say that exec-
utive warrants do not become payable until after
they have been approved by the comptroller general.
And noticing during the last summer one of these
periodical efforts at sensational literature by the
treasurer, in which he charged that warrants were
being drawn by the Executive whenkno,appropriation
existed to meet them, I called upon the comptroller
general, in a communication under date of July 17,
1800, to be informed, first, "if any warrants has been
drawn bvthe Executive and approved by him on an
appropriation which has been exhausted, and second,
if any warrant has been drawn by the Executive and
appioved by him when there was no appropriation
to cover said warrant." In reply, under date of
July 19,1809, the comptroller general, in an official
published communication, states; first, " that 1 have
never knowingly approved a warrant drawn of any
fund after it was exhausted, because I knew such
approval would be in violation of tho express pro-
visions of paragraph seven,section ninety-four of the
code. I would state,however,in thisconnection,that
upon tho hypothesis that the contingent fund appro-
priated by the Legislature of 18*58, tor the latter half
of tho year was limited to$10,000 said fund was over-
drawn by about filty dollars, but the warrant was the
last one drawn on that fund, and was in favor of the
treasurer himself."
In reply to the second inquiry he says:
" I have never to my knowledgo approved a war-
rant drawn by the Executive when there was no ap-
propriation to cover paid warrant."
All this will more fully appear in the entire com-
munication with the comptroller general, which is
herewith transmitted.
It now becomes important to look for the moving
causo which should have brought about this last
attack from tho troasuror, and some light may be
thrown upon it by tho statement of a fact which is
notoriously public in Georgia, to wit, that in the
examinations made by a committee into the finan-
cial altairs ot tho State at the last session of the Le-
gislature it war< ascertained that this man Necdam
L. Angier, m August, 1863, entered into an arrange-
ment with tho national bank at Atlanta by which
the s*aid Angier was to rcceivcfor his personal use
and benefit a certain percentage of interest upon
balances of State money deposited by him therein as
tiearner, and that the bank did pay, and the said
Angier did receive for his own personal use and bene-
fit, certain sums oi money as interest for the use of
the State s money; and that such action on the part
<>t the said treasurer being in direct violation of the
sta  utcs and laws of the State of Georgia, which pro-
vide that any person makinguseof himself or allow-
ing others to uso any money belonging to the State
shall,for evory such oflcnso be liable, by himself or
by lus bondsznen, for a line of $500, and that upon
these facts being made apparent I instructed the
attorney general to bring suit against the said An-
gier and his bondsmen for such violation of the stat-
uf0,' tnat such suit was brought for some forty-two
violations of said statute in the sum of $20,00Uormore
for fines and penalties; that such suit is now in prog-
ress and is set down for a trial at the spring term of
the superior court at Atlanta, when it is believed
and expected that said sum of #20,000 will be recov-
ered of and from the said Angier and his bondsmen
lor the benefit of the treasury of the State of Georgia.
it is clue to the treasurer for me to say that when
the evidenceof his secret arrangement to profithim-
self at the expense of the State came to light he ac-
knowledged his guilt, but endeavored to excuse him-
self by a publication, in which lie stated that the
responsibilities of his office were very great and his
salary small, and he therefore desired to make all he
could out of his official position.
It is also important to know, and I hereby state it
as a fact, that repeatedly since the said suit, has been
commenced the said Angier has indicated through
his friends to me that he was ready at any time to
pa\ any and all warrants I might draw upon the
treasury without question provided I would consent
to withdraw the suit against himself. This suit ha«
neither been withdrawn by me, nor will it be Nor
has my opposition to the revolutionary action and
organization of the body assuming to be the Legis-
lature been withdrawn, nor will it be Threats
persuasions, and vilification at home have'not moved
me, nor am I now disposed to yield, notwithstand
mg this same procedure has been presented to the
nation through the Halls of Congress.
I am at a loss to understand how this libelous com-
munication from Angier should have been dignified
by being read in the House of Representatives of the
United States, for I am sure it will not be argued
with any degree of sincerity that a legislative body
lawfully organized by the exclusion therefrom of
those who did not hesitate to take their scats in
violation of the law, and attempted in violation of
their oaths to destroy the government which had
been established by the vote of a majority of the
people, will be any less likely to ferret out and bring
to punishment persons who violated the laws of the
State, who unlawfully make use of the State's prop-
erty or its money, than a body of men like tho
present organization, assuming to be the Legislature
of Georgia, who hesitate at nothing to accomplish
their wicked schemcs and revolutionary purposes.
Words, Mr. "VViiittemore, seem superfluous when
the blood is yet warm ofthemen who have been mur-
dered because of their devotion to tho principles of
equal rights and justice which are embodied in tho
reconstruction measures of Congress—men who wero
here only a few months since, lawful members of
the Legislature of Georgia under her new constitu-
tion. urging upon Congress to piomptly enact such
legislation as might be deemed necessary to over-
come tho evils which surround us—and I refrain
from comment.
You will please accept my grateful thanks for the
opportunity which you have given me to explain
the falsity of the impression bought to be made
against myself, and also to make known the motives
which actuated the parties who have presented these
charges against me through your colleague on the
committee.
I inclose herewith the report of the finance com-
mittee of tko house of representatives of Georgia,
submitted the 15th day of February. 1S69, with
accompanying papers; also, the minority report of
the finance committee of the same body, submitted
February 18, 1869; also, an executive communica-
tion to the General Assembly on the same subject,
submitted March 1, 1869; also, correspondence
between the comptroller general and myself upon
the subject referred to in this communication.
I have the honor to be, very respcctfullv, yours.
Tr „ ^ RUF0S B. BULLOCK.
Hon. B. f. Wiiittemore, M. C., Member of theliecon-
etruction Committee of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, resumed
the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I wanted to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] a question, but
as he is not in his seat I will ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boiler] this ques-
tion : if the motion to postpone should be
adopted, and the Legislature of Georgia should
meet prior to the time when we may assemble
again, under a law enacted by themselves, and
should be in session when this bill may pass,
then what means would there be to get those
members out of the Legislature who, under this
bill, would not be recognized as members?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In rising
to close this debate, having but a few minutes
left, I shall not expect, nor will it be expected,
that I shall answer at length each one of the
elaborately prepared arguments of the gentle-
men on the other side, and more especially
those which I much more deplore, the argu-
ments of the gentlemen [Messrs. Bingham and
Farnswortii] who have heretofore acted with
us, but who now seem to have caught some-
thing of infection from the neighborhood which
surrounds them.
The first argument, presented by the able
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Vooriiees,]
was that we are estopped now from doing any-
thing to Georgia, because we have admitted
her into the family of States; because, as he
expressed it, we have placed her star among
the stars of the cerulean blue of the firmament
of our Union, and we cannot strike it out.
No I agree with the gentleman we cannot
strike it out; but Georgia herself can do so :
and although we put thatstar there, those who
are now in charge of that State have within a
very few days refused to raise our flag, with
the star in it, over her public buildings when
AnV1^^ *n s°lemn manner so to do.
And I press this bill to-day because I desire to
put the State of Georgia into the hands of
those who will raise that flag with every star
true and loyal to the Union, representing loy-
alty and truth, not rebellion and treason.
Ihe gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
iiiDGKj] not content to advocate the cause of
ins party friends in Georgia, saw fit to attack
the otate of Massachusetts. He should have
been well aware that Massachusetts is never
attacked without finding a defender; feeble, it
