1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5, line twenty-fire of the bill, after the word "sum"
insert the following words: "not exceeding five
thousand dollars;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
L. M. MORRILL,
CHARLES SUMNER,
C. COLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
W. H. KELSEY,
JAMBS B. BECK,
THOMAS FITCH,
Managers on the part of the Howe.
The report was concurred in.
CONTRACTS EOK SERVILE LABOR.
_ Mr. STEWART. Now, I call for the con-
sideration of the bill taken up on my motion.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
978) to prohibit contracts for servile labor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When this bill
was previously before - the Senate the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary were agreed to, but there is an amend-
ment of the Senator from California [Mr. Cas-
serly] pending.
Mr. CASSBRLY. Mr. President, the amend-
ment offered by me is, with the addition of one
section providing for a remedy against the ship,
Senate bill No. 279, introduced by the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] at an early day
in the session, which was then committed to
the Committee on Commerce, but on which
that committee has reported no action to the
Senate. I now ask leave to make some alter-
ations in the amendment as heretofore sub-
mitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to modify his amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Casserly, as mod-
ified, was to add to the bill the following sec-
tions:
Sec.—. And he il fur titer cnvcfed, That any con-
tract or agreement to procure aid or encourage the
importation or immigration of Chinese iuto the
United States shall be null and void; and any person
entering into any such contract or agreement shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable in
the manner and in the courts provided in the third
section.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That any eon-
tract or agreement to employ or to furnish employ-
ment to any Chinaman, or as to the nature or term
of his service, or as to the amount or use of his wages
prior or subsequent to his immigration into the
United States shallbenull nndvoid; andanyperson
entering into such contract or agreement shall be
subject to conviction and punishment as provided
in the foregoing section.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That any contract
or agreement for or on behalf of any vessel or ship to
transport any Chinaman into theUnitedStatesmade
with any other than the person so to be transported,
shall be null and void; and any person entering into
such contract or agreement shall be subject to con-
viction and punishment as provided in the forego-
ing sections.
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That any person
recognizing, executing,, or enforcing, or aiding to
recognize, execute, or enforce any of said contracts
or agreements, wherever made, shall be subject to
conviction and punishment as provided in the fore-
going section.
Sec.— And be it further enacted. That it shall not
be lawful for any vessel to transport into the United
States any Chinese woman not accompanied by her
husband or father; and such relationship of the
woman to the man accompanying her shall be evi-
denced by a certificate or permit in all respects as
provided by section five of this act, and before the
departure of the woman from the said vessel in any
portof the United States, the said certificate or per-
mit shall be delivered to the collector of the proper
district, whose duty it shall be to inquire into the
facts; and the violation of any of the provisions ot
this section by the owner, agent, or officer of any ves-
sel or ship shall subject the offender to conviction
and punishment as provided in the said fifth section.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, if it be in order I
desire to offer a further amendment, consisting
of five sections, to come in directly after the
bill of the Senator from Nevada and before
the amendment which I have just offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
has a right to modify his amendment in any
shape he desires before the yeas and nays are
ordered or a vote is taken.
Mr. CASSERLY. This amendment is sub-
stantially the same one which has been printed
and laid onthe desks of Senators since the 27_th
of last month. I will ask the Clerk to read it.
By the numbering of the sections it will be per-
ceived that the intention is to have it follow the
bill of the Senator from Nevada. I will state.
that the sections that I desire now to have read
are not in conflict with anything in the bill of
the Senator from. Nevada; they are designed
to carry out and effect the general purpose of
restraining the introduction of servile labor
into the United States under whatever form.
Mr. STEWART. I do not like to legislate
for any class 
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator will allow
me ; I am not quite through. I was about to
invite his attention to these sections, if he has
not before read them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have not
yet been reported from the Secretary's desk.
They will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That every con-
tract for compulsory or involuntaiy labor or service,
which, or any part of which, is or shall be the consid-
eration for or m respect to the passage or transport-
ation of or for any alien from any foreign country, or
from the United States to any foreign country; and
every contract for what is known as coolie labor, or
for any labor of the like description made in the Uni-
ted States, or which is to be pcrformcdin the United
States, though made elsewhere; or for the immigra-
tion, transportation, or importation into the United
States of persons known as coolies, or of the same or
the like description, is hereby declared to be illegal,
null, and void; a.nd every ease in which the price or
hire ot the said passage or transportation, or any part
thereof, shall be paid or advanced by any person or
persons other than the passenger or person to be
transported, shall be deemed prima faeie to be a
case within this section, and in violation thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any attempt
to enforce in the United States, except according to
the laws of the land, any laboror contracts for lahor
of the class described in section one of this act, or of
any other class, or to control or dnjio-o. of the labor
of the persons of the class in said section described,
or of any other class, except in the same manner,
shall be deemed to be a misdemeanor, and upon con-
viction thereof by information or indictment in the
district or circuit court of the United States, the per-
son found guilty thereof shall be punished b> impris-
onment for not less than six months or more than
two years, or by a fine of not less 61,000 or more than
85,000, together with the costs ot the prosecution, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That any rule,
regulation, custom, practice, proceeding, or under-
standing contrary to the provisions of this act is
hereby declared null and void; and any attempt to
enforce the same is hereby declared to be a misde-
meanor, punishable in the courts, and in the manner
piovided in the third section.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the permit
or ecrtiiicatc of the fact of voluntary emigration of
any Chinese subject required by section four of
the act to prohibit the coolie trade by American
citizens in American vessels, passed February 19,
1802, shall be furnished by the consul to the master
of the vessel in duplicate; and upon the arrival in
any port of the United States of any vessel with
Chinese subjects as passengers from aportor placein
China, one certificate or permit shall bo filed by the
master with the collcetor or chief officer of the cus-
toms at such port or place, and the other snail be
filed by him with the clerk of the district court of
the United States for the district where such port or
place is situated. The fees of the consul for giving
or refusing such certificate or permit shall be J——-
for each vessel, and shall be paid by the vessel. Any
master who shall omit for five days after the arrival
of his vessel as aforesaid, to file such duplicates as
herein provided, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and upon conviction thereof by informa-
tion or indictment in the district or circuit courts of
the United States, shall be punished as provided in
section one of this act. Any vessel which shall parry
passengers in violation of saidsection four of said act
of , 1S62, shall be liable to the penalties pro-
vided by section one of said act; and one third of
the net cash proceeds of any forfeiture had in such
case, after payment of all costs and charges of court,
shall belong in equal moieties to the United States
marshal and district attorney of the court decreeing
such forfeiture. Any foieign vessel, which being
engaged in the carrying of passengers of the class of
persons and between the places described in said act
of . 1862, shall be liable to the provisions of
that act and also of this section; and any person,
though not a citizen of the United States, who shall
violate the provisions of section three of said act of
February 19,1802. shall be liable as therein provided,
if he shall be within the United States. No emigra-
tion of Chinese subjects shall be deemed voluntary
within the meaning of the said act of February 19,
1862, which is in violation of any of the provisions
of this act.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, embracing the various sections read at
the Secretary's desk.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is that a modification of
the amendment heretofore proposed by the
Senator from California?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an addition,
as the Chair understands.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is an addition. It
comes in before the amendment I proposed
formerly, which was substantially the bill of
the Senator from Oregon, and not the amend-
ment just read. I desire to ask the attention
of the Senate to it as a separate proposition;
separate, I mean, from the other amendment,
which is the bill of the Senator from Oregon.
It was framed by me in order to carry out the
purpose announced in the title of the bill of
the Senator from Nevada, "to prohibit con-
tracts for servile labor." There is no doubt,
as I stated on a former occasion when the bill
of the Senator from Nevada was under discus-
sion, that this subject is a difficult one ; and it
is not easy so to frame legislation as to reach
the undoubted and admitted evils which exist
without at the same time going too far in an-
other direction. I have endeavored, however,
to the best of my ability to avoid that objection.
The general purpose of the fifth section, just
read, is to prohibit the introduction into the
United States, in any form, under any con-
tract, of that peculiar mode of labor which is
perfectly well known not merely to the world
at large, but to the statute-book of the United
States, as coolie labor. The modes under
which that kind of labor can be introduced are
manifold a.nd quite various. It struck me that
the bill of the Senator from Nevada was so
framed as to be objectionable in two respects.
One of those respects was that it met only one
form of the difficulty, and the other was that
it was very easy to be evaded. It met but oue
form of the difficulty, because it provides
against only that class of contracts for labor
or service which wholly or partly are founded
on a consideration for or in respect to the
transportation or passage of any alien from a
foreign country to the United States, or vice
versa, from the United States to a foreign
country, which provides for a longer period of
service than six months.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to know whether
this Government has the constitutional power
to punish a person for making a contract in a
foreign couutry. Suppose a contract is made
in China, can the United States punish even
one of its own citizens for making a contract
in a foreign country?
Mr. CASSERLY. I will invite the atten-
tion of the Senator from Delaware to a read-
ing of the amendments which I last offered,
although they come in first in the order of sec-
tions. He will see there that provision is made
simply for the prohibition and declaring null
and void all such contracts, so far as they are
enforced or so far as an attempt is made to
enforce them in the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of
half past four having arrived, the Senate takes
a recess until half past seven o'clock, when
this bill will continue before the Senate unless
it shall be set aside.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
The VICE PRESIDENT; The bill (S. No.
973) to prohibit contracts for servile labor is
before the Senate, the pending question being
upon the amendment of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Cassekly.] .
Mr. HOWE. The Senate seems to be thin.
What was the measure pending?
Mr. STEWART. The servile labor bill, and
there is an amendment of the Senator from
California pending.
Mr. HOWE. I inquire if the Senate is ready
to take a vole on that? [''No.''] Is there
any objection to letting it lie aside informally
while I ask the Senate to consider Senate bill
No. 849?
