1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
may be, but she is generally able to defend
herself. He caused to be read at the desk a
synopsis of the report of a commission ap-
pointed by the Governor of Massachusetts to
ascertain the abases existing in the treatment
of the insane of that State. I agree with the
gentleman that there are in that report very
unfortunate, nay, very improper, exhibitions
of treatment of those unfortunates; but the i
gentleman does not seem to comprehend the i
difference between the State of Georgia and j
the State of Massachusetts in that regard. In j
Massachusetts when anybody is harmed in life, j
property, or estate, there is an investigation,
the harm is relieved, and those committing the
wrong are punished; in the State of Georgia
there is neither investigation nor punishment.
To bring about in Georgia a state of things
like that in Massachusetts wc desire the pas-
sage of tiiis bill. Mr. Speaker, the very doc-
ument which was read, and which is made the
subject of railing accusation, shows that the
Governor of Massachusetts was instant in the
investigation of private wrongs wherever they
were alleged to exist.
But I was not especially alarmed at what
seemed to be the gentleman's threat that when
hereafter his party shall get into power in Con-
gress they will treat Massachusetts as we are
now treating Georgia because of Massachu-
setts' neglect of her insane. There is a distinc-
tion in the cases which the gentleman does not
seem to take. What we are now doing is this :
we, the Representatives of the loyal men of the
country, learning that Georgia by her author-
ities ill treats the Union men, the loyal men
of that State, and does not protect them in life
or property or assure them civil or political
rights, therefore we are about to interpose to
give the direction of affairs of the State to loyal
men there because we and they are loyal men.
The gentleman from Wisconsin by this same
rule threatens us that the Representatives of
Massachusetts may be turned out of Congress
for her treatment of her insane. Yes, sir, that
may happen when insane men are in a majority
in this House as loyal men now are. They
may then turn Massachusettsoutfor her want of
proper treatment of the insane as we turn out
the Representatives from Georgia because of
her treatment of loyal men. 1 agree that such
a course may be anticipated when the gentle-
man's insane party gets into power, but not
until then.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker 
TheSPEAKERpro toipore, (.Mr. Welker.)
Does the gentleman from Massachusetts yield
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
kidge?]
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield, fori have not the time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I trust the gentleman
will not misrepresent me; I made no such
statement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I knew
that the gentleman would not like his words,
and so I had them written out by the reporters
and I incorporate them in my remarks. Here
they are, and I leave it to the House whether
they bear out my construction of them :
After the reading of the treatment of the
insane in Massachusetts he says:
" ThegentlemanfromMassaehusettsl'Mr.BurLEit]
charged that the poople of the State of Georgia had
forfeited their State government, had forfeited their
rights in the Union, had subjected themselves to the
eontrolof Congress, in consequence of the murders
and crimes which they bad committed. Does the
gentleman not see that in this admission he subjects
his own State, when the time shall come, when a
different organization of this Ilouse shall exist, when
another party may bo in power, to the same recon-
struction, to the same disposition that he would
inflict upon Georgia."
Then the young member from New York
[Mr. Cox] comes to the rescue, and I thought
lie was rather infringing an old proverb tiJ&t
"dog should not eat dog." On that principle <
I thought that " carpet-bagger'' should not at- .
taek "carpet-bagger." [Laughter.] I was a ,
little surprised, too, that my friend from New !
York, with a name so likely to be punned upon,
should make a bad joke upon the name of the
Governor of Georgia. [Laughter.]
The gentleman insists that Georgia cannot
be reconstructed as a State because she is al-
ready a State. I insist, sir, that her recon-
struction may be promoted notwithstanding
she has some of the attributes of a State; and
that is the point of difference between us. But
he says there can be no reason for reconstruct-
ing the State because of the celebrated " white-
washing report" of the President, then General
Grant, which ^aid that the people of Georgia
and other southern States were then in a
repentant humor which fitted them to come
into the Union. When was that report made?
In the summer of 1805. That was before the
Democratic party, assisted by Andrew John-
son, had given courage to the rebels to come
and demand other ng.hts than the right they
then had—the right of each man to be hanged.
I agree that in 1865, almost immediately after
the surrender of General Lee and of General
Johnston, after the crushing of the rebellion,
the rebel people of Georgia went round pray-
ing the negroes to take care of them, praying
the Union men to intercede for thein. They
were then in condition to come into the Union
and obey the laws of the Union and give to
others the rights they desired for themselves.
If the same state of feeling, if the same
state of submission to the authority of the
Government and the laws of the Union now
obtained in Georgia as in 1805, when General
Grant went through the State, I agree we
should have no need to pass this bill. General
Grant then saw the surrendered legions of Lee
and Johnston ready to accept any terms from
the conqueror, while we now see on the con-
trary only repentant, recalcitrant, and defiant
rebels committing manifold acts of wrong and
murder of Union men ; so that, in the language
of General Terry as read from the Clerk's desk,
life, liberty, and property are not safe in the
State of Georgia.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
was mistaken when he told the House that we
never thought of this act of reconstruction of
Georgia until the message of the President
came in here. Sir, this bill differs in no essen-
tial particular from the bill I introduced into
this House at the last session under the in-
struction of the Reconstruction Committeeand
which failed for waut of time, which could not
be passed for that and other reasons to which
I need not stop now to advert to. This is no
new thought of the majority of the House. It
is the same bill in all essential particulars. It
ought to have passed at the last session, and we
would then have saved many valuable lives.
For, says General Terry again, negro murders
in Georgia are so numerous as hardly to be
the subject of comment.
We would have saved many lives if we had
passed this bill at the last session, and I thank
God again, standing in the presence of the
House as before, that upon my skirts is none
of the blood of these martyred men—martyred
in the cause of human freedom and equal
rights. Let him who can say as much vote for
the proposed postponement of this hill, for only
such are entitled to vote. Postpone this bill,
will you ! so that when the Governor and the
members of the Legislature of Georgia who
have been tip here with us urging its passage
shall return home they may be, by bloody hands
of Ktiklux Klans, sent to join the ranks of
the murdered Ayer and his fellow-members
of the Legislature of Georgia who last session
stood here with us in defense of the Union and
its laws.
The gentleman says there is no word of our
former legislation which requires the passage
of this bill. Be it so. We are now making
law, and if we did not make good laws before
is that uny reason why we should not make
good laws now ? But I tell him there is a por-
tion of our legislation which does require this.
The civil rights bill requires it: that declaration
of human rights second only to Magna Charta;
that declaration of rights which shall hereafter
be proudly referred to by posterity wherever
freedom and equal rights shall exist. The
provisions of the civil rights bill are not exe-
cuted to-day in Georgia in any one of its safe-.
guards, and it is time that we should have some
kind of government there to put it in force.
We are told bv the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] that'General Terry can protect life
and liberty in Georgia. General Terry says
that he cannot, and his words have been read
at the Clerk's desk; and he further says that
the only way to make life, liberty, and property
safe in Georgia is to pass a bill with exactly
sneh provisions as this contains; and upon
this topic I would rather take the word of Gen-
eral Terry than the word of my friend from
Ohio.
Right here, Mr. Speaker, the stock denun-
ciation against Massachusetts of my friend from
New York [Mr. Cox] comes in. He says that
Massachusetts requires that her voters shall be
able to read her constitution and to write their
names. True!
Mr. COX. With the gentleman's permission
I will strengthen my remark, by saying that
Massachusetts requires her senators to live five
years in the State, putting them under some
sort of servitude 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield. I beg the gentleman's pardon, for he
could have moved there and become a senator
in Massachusetts in about the same time he
became a Representative from the State of New
York. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman is himself a sort
of carpet-bagger, having got here by moving
from one place to another, and he ought there-
fore to be tolerant to others who are in the
same condition. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am in
favor of carpet-baggers. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gen-
tleman  
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield any further.
Mr. COX. I wish to state only one point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield, as I have not time.
Mr. COX. I refer the gentleman, then, to
his colleague [Mr. Dawes] for the information
I was about to state.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He is an
excellent reference. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, allow me to finish what I was say-
ing. Everybody in Massachusetts can vote,
irrespective of color, who can read and write.
The qualification is equal in its justice. An
ignorant white man cannot vote there and a
learned negro be excluded. But in the Georgia
Legislature there was a white man that could
hardly read and write, ifatall, voted in because
he was white, while a negro who spoke and
wrote two languages was voted out solely be-
cause he was black. It is well that Massachu-
setts requires her citizens should read and write
before, being permitted to vote. Almost every-
body votes there under that rule. Certainly
every native-born person of proper age and sex
votesthere. And thereare hundreds and thou-
sands in this country who would thank God
continually on their bended knees if it could
be provided that the voters in the city of New
York should be required to read and write.
Ihey would then believe republican govern-
ment in form and fact far more safe than now.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham]
has made an argument for the postponement
ot this bill. In that he is seconded by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Karxs worth.]
w"e/ a , t0 k&ve ifc Postponed till the third
Wednesday of January. What advantage do
they expect to gain from this? They have told
, us of none. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
I iiiNGHAii] did not state one advantage which
would be yielded by postponement. His whole
argument was to show that this is not a good
bill. What is the use, then, of postponing it?
