1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2547
that whatever the Senate adjourn upon on
Monday will have to give way to the Georgia
bill on Tuesday at one o'clock. The rule gives
the unfinished business priority, but the Senate
has unanimously suspended that rule so far as
may be necessary to enable the Georgia bill to
be taken up absolutely on Tuesday, at one
o'clock, against any other business.
Mr. THURMAN. So I understood. There
is no doubt that this measure can be disposed
of one way or the other on Monday. I am
willing, for one, to agree to sit it out on Monday
until we reach a conclusion.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to proceed and finish
this measure at the earliest possible period. If,
under the circumstances, the Senate wish to
adjourn now, they can do so ; but I hope no
other business will be allowed to interpose.
Mr. STEWART. We have done very little
business this session. There are several other
railroad bills spoken of, and the morning hour
now is lost. We must dispose of some busi-
ness. I shall have to object to interjecting
other business, because if we do it this discus-
sion will be renewed again when the measure
comes up hereafter. Let us do what we can
on this proposition and get it out of the way
as soon as possible.
Mr. THURMAN. As I understand, if this
bill be laid aside now it will not lose its place
on the Calendar; it will be the first business
in order on Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If laid aside by
unanimous consent, subject to a demand for
the regular order, then before the adjournment
any Senator can demand the regular order and
call it up, and the Senate adjourning on it, that
will keep it in its place.
Mr. RAMSEY. What bill does the Senator
propose to take up ?
Mr. THURMAN. I have no bill to take up.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I propose to take up
the bill for the abolition of the franking priv-
ile*e.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care what is
(aken up so that this passed is over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill,
if this is passed over, i3 the bill for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Mr. DRAKE. Is this railroad bill passed
over?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is pretty late, andSatur-
day afternoon, and we are all evidently very
tired. I do not believe we shall do anything
more this afternoon, and I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 9, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Eev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain of
the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ANNEXATION Of DOMINICA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to my introducing a joint
resolution to annex the republic of Dominica,
and to move that it be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs and printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the regular order.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the morning hour will now com-
mence, the business being the call of commit-
tees for reports of a private nature. The House
yesterday agreed that if the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs should be reached, in the absence
of the chairman of the committee, [Mr. Logan ,]
it should be passed over in the call for private
reports. , , „
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
adjourn.
The question was put on the _ motion to
adjourn; and there were, on a division—ayes
27, noes 43.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has.
now begun at thirteen minutes past twelve.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I submit
that there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary for a
quorum to vote on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I shall insist on the
presence of a quorum for the transaction of
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do so
when the question arises.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is too late.
But the gentleman can arrest any motion he
sees fit by demanding a division, which will
reveal the fact of the presence or absence of a
quorum. That.is the gentleman's right.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I give notice that I will
avail myself of that right.
The call of committees for reports was pro-
ceeded with, and reached the Committee on the
J udiciary.
PRIVILEGES OF Till! HOUSE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on "the Judiciary to report back,
with a recommendation that it be passed, the
following resolution:
Resolved, That a sum not exceeding $2,000, boinfr
the expenses and counsel fees incurred by Ben jamin
F. Butler, member of the Fortieth Congress, m de-
fending a suit brought against him by Charles W.
Woolley. in the city of Baltimore, for his notion as
a member of this House in sustaining its rights and
privileges, bo paid from the contingent fund of the
House.
I desire to state that the House itself, by its
own action, as the Journal of the House will
show, authorized the act to be done for which
the member of the House, as the organ of the
House, was arrested during his passage from
this capital to his home and made to answer
in a civil court in Baltimore. He had to defend
that suit in order to assert the rights of the
Representatives of the people, and I have no
doubt at all myself that the costs incurred are
simply the amounts charged by the two counsel
who appeared in that case. I believe myself
that under the circumstances it was a violation
of the privileges of the House for any court—I
do not speak of the issuance of the original pro-
cess, for that is a question about which contro-
versy may arise—to entertain such an action
after being fully advised in the premises that
the party was sued for an act done under the
order and by the approval of the House of
Representatives, on his way from the capital to
his home.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman. The amount to be appro-
priated is $2,000. There is no information in
the report accompanying the resolution as to
the nature of the expenses which make up the
counsel fees.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have examined the bills
of the counsel, and I have taken the pains to
read the elaborate arguments which they made
before the court, and the bill covers nothing
more nor less than the fees which' they charge
for their appearance at Baltimore and their
arguments in the case.
Mr HOLMAN. Two thousand dollars ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; the case was
argued first on demurrer, or a plea to the juris-
diction, which would amountto the same thing.
I do not know in what form they made the
issue up, but it was to the jurisdiction in the
first place. But it was fully and exhaustively
argued. The arguments are in print, if the
gentleman is curious about the ease.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did the case go off on the
question of jurisdiction ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; it did not. The
court overruled the plea to th.e jurisdiction and
held the party to answer upon the merits, &nd
after that the plaintiff saw fit to dismiss his suit
after the issue was joined.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
whether he does not think that a fee of $2,000
for simply raising a question of law and arguing
the question of jurisdiction before a court would
be greatly beyond the ordinary rate of charges
by professional men of any class in the United
States?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not think so, because
that was not exactly the nature of the case.
The question of law was argued and ruled
against them, and the issue afterward made up
to try the case on the merits, and after that and
the attendance of these counsel, one of them
away from his home and business, the plaintiff
saw fit to dismiss his suit. I have only to say
that if the House ®f Representatives does not
sustain its own members for executing its own
orders it may turn out to all of us to be rather
an expensive business to serve here in the ca-
pacity of Representatives. I consider myself
that the resolution involves quite as much the
rights of the whole House of Representatives
as it does the rights of that member who acted
in obedience to its orders, and whose action
was solemnly approved by a vote of this House
placed on its Journal. I ask the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. BURR. Before the gentleman demands
the previous question will he allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; I will.
Mr. BURR. Thispropositionto pay lawyers'
fees, as I understand it, is based on the fact
that the party concerned was acting in his pub-
lic capacity as a Representative. Would it not
be equally equitable to allow large lawyers'
fees to ex-President Johnson for defending
himself against charges brought against him for
acts done in his public capacity?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not think that has
anything to do with this particular case. 1
think it is quite foreign to it and a very differ-
ent matter. That was the exercise of^ the
jurisdiction vested by the Constitution of the
United States in the Representatives of the
people to impeach, and in the Senate to try
the impeachment. That is a very different
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Allow m.e one other ques-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Sir. HOLMAN. There is one point to which
I desire to call the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes,] and that is that this sum is to be paid
out of the contingent fund of the House for
acts done under the direction of the House in
a former Congress. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, made the point
of order very successfully against such an appro-
priation but a few days ago.
Mr. BIN Gil AM. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman to make a point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] wiU explain why
it is proper to pay one claim of this sort out ef
the contingent fund and not another.
Mr. BINGH AM. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman to raise a point of order about it. _ It is
within the discreion of the House, and it is for
the House to decide now whether_ it will pro-
tect its own members in executing its own
orders. I have already said, and I repeat it
here in the hearing of the House, that the prece-
dent set this day in this behalf will affect every
member of the House in the discharge ot duties
imoosed upon him by order of the House, and
also the rightful exercise of the authority of
the House. . , „
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Binoham] to allow this joint reso-
lution to be again read.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly; it has been
read once, but I am willing it should be read
again.
