1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
298
Mr. GETZ and Mr. HOLMAN called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 51, not
voting 39 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
ncll, Asper, Bailey, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Bennett. Benton, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burehard, Bur-
dett, Benjamin If. Butler, Roderick K. Butler,
Cessna, Amasa Cobb. Coburn. Cook, Conger, Cullom,
Dawes, Deweese, Diekey, Dixon, Donley, Duval,
Ela.Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Gar-
field, Hale, Hamilton, llawley, Ilay, Heaton, Hill,
lioar, Hoge, Hooper, Hotchkies, Ingersoll, Jcnckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd. Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey.
Knapp, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, May-
nard, McCaithy, McCrary, McGrrevy, Mercur, Elia-
kim II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Neg-
ley, O'Neill. Orth. Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomcroy, Prosser, Roots,
Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenok, Scofield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens. Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong. Taffe, Tanner, Town-
send, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,VanHorn, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilk-
inson. Williams, John T. Wilson, and Winans—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell. Beck,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird. Calkin, Cox, Crebs, Dickin-
son, Dox, Eldridge, Farnsv."orth, OetK, Greene, Cris-
ivold, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamiil, Hawkins,
Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Maishall, Mayham, MeCcrmick, McNeely, Morgan,
Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice,
Rogers, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Strader, Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, an Trump, Voorhecs, Wells,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Witchcr, and Wood-
ward—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks. Barnum,
Blair, James Brooks, Burr, Cake, Churchill. Clarke,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb. Cowlcs, Davis, Dookery,
Dyer, Fox, Gilflllan, Golladay, Ilaight, ll ays, Ileflin,
Hoag, Hopkins, Julian, Ketcham. Laflin, Lynch,
Morrissey, Reading, Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum,
Stiles, Tiilman, Van Auken, Ward, Wiliiam B.
Washburn, Wiliard, and Wood—39.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MARSHALL said: My colleague, Mr.
Burk, has been compelled to leave this House
to return to his home. He has paired with
Mr. Churchill, but if here would have voted
against this bill.
Mr. CHURCHILL. And I should have
voted for it.
Mr. YOORHEES. It has already been stated
that thegentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
is detained from his seat by illness. It is hardly
necessary for me to state that if he were here
he would vote against this bill.
Mr. BDTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, and Mr. McCORMICK,
of Missouri, obtained leave to print remarks
upon the Georgia bill.
[See Appendix.]
taking the census.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to make
a privileged motion. I move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of business
on the Speaker's table for the purpose of
taking up and considering a joint resolution
just received from the Senate in relation to
taking the census.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order, because there has been no morning
hour to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I ask unanimous
consent for that, purposp.
The resolution of the Senate was joint reso-
lution No. 88, suspending existing provisions
of law for taking the census.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table and road
a first and second time.
'I he question was upon reading the joint
resolution a third time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that the existing provisions of law
relating to taking the census required by the
Constitution of the United States be aud the
same are hereby suspended and postponed
until the 1st day of February, 1870.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have been instructed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to bring in a
bill to repeal the old law instead of one to
merely suspend it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is some
objection to repealing the law absolutely ; this
proposes to suspend it for a time.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOLIDAY RECESS*.
Mr. NIBLACK. I submit the following
privileged resolution :
Resolved by the House, (the Senate concurring,)
That the recess provided for by the concurrent votes
of the two Houses, and to commence oil the 22d in-
stant, be and is hereby extended from Wednesday,
the 5th, to Monday, the 10th day of January next.
Mr. KELSEY. Is that a privileged motion ?
The SPEAKER. It ig a privileged motion.
It is a question of the highest privilege.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will say but a few words
before asking the House to vote on this prop-
osition. I understand that the leading com-
mittees of the House, upon whom the conduct
of public business mainly devolves, have made
arrangements to remain in session during the
recess, and that they will do just as much work,
and, indeed, more, if we take this extended
recess than they would if we should meet on
Wednesday, the 5th of January. I learn fur-
ther, in my private intercourse with members
of this House, that many of them desire to
bring on their families after New Year's, and
that if the House reassembles on the Sth of
January many such members will probably not
be in their seats. I think our comfort and
convenience will be greatly promoted by the
adoption of the proposition which I have sub-
mitted, and that the progress of public busi-
ness will not be in the least retarded ; that, on
the contrary, it will be expedited. I hope,
therefore, that the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope,
Mr. Speaker, that the House will agree to this
resolution. It proposes, as I understand, that
tbe two Houses shall reassemble on Monday,
the 10th of January, instead of Wednesday, the
5th. Everybody knows that the House is always
full on Monday, because that, as has been face-
tiously said, is " washing day," in other words
resolution day, and therefore everybody is hero.
But if Wednesday be fixed for the reassem-
bling we shall hardly have a quorum, and the
meeting of the House at that time will only
embarrass the committees. The committees
are now, as they will be for several weeks, en-
gaged in preparing business for the House; and
there is really very little for tho House to do
until the committees report.
As this proposition comes from the other
side of the House, and as we agree to it on
this side, I do not think that any political cap-
ital for "buncombe" can be made by saying
thatone party and not the other favored a long
recess.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, as chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
desire to say I am gratified that a resolution
of this kind has been offered, and I hope it I
will be adopted. The Committee of Ways aud I
Means will find it necessary to bo in session i
for several days during the latter part of the }
recess, no matter whether the recess terminate j
on the -5th or the 10th of January ; and if the ^
recess be extended, we can very well dispose j|
of the additional time so as to be better pre- |i
pared to report in relation to matters of pub- 1
lie interest immediately after the reassembling ;
of Congress. '
Mr. NIBLACK. If the House should reas-
semble on the utli of January, the probability :
is that on the next day—Thursday, the 0th— I
we would adjourn over till Monday; hence no
time would really be lost by the adoption of
this resolution. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ham-
lin, one of its clerks, announced that_ the
Senate had passed without amendment a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 4) relating to steam-
boats and other vessels owned in the loyal
States.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a concurrent resolution provid-
ing for the printing of the report of the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue.
kclogfes on senator fessenden.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask that, by unanimous
consent, the House proceed to the considera-
tion of business on the Speaker's table, for the
purpose of acting on a concurrent resolution
of the Senate providing for the publication of
the eulogies pronounced upon the late William
Miff TiaQoinin^n
The SPEAKER. The title of the resolution
which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Laflin] asks the House, by unanimous con-
sent, to consider will be read, after which
there will be an opportunity to object.
The Clerk read as follows:
Concurrent resolution to print in pamphlet form
the addresses delivered in the Senate and House of
Representatives on the occasion of the announce-
ment of the death of Hon. William Pitt Fesscnden.
There was no objection.
The concurrent resolution was read. It pro-
vides that there shall be printed in pamphlet
form three thousand- copies for the use of the
Senate and five thousand copies for the use of
the House of the addresses made in the Senate
and House of Representatives on the occasion
of the announcement of the death of William
Pitt Fessenden; and it provides further that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be directed
to hove printed a portrait of Mr. Fessenden to
accompany the same.
Mr. LAFLIN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. It strikes me that five
thousand are too small a number to be printed
for the use of the House, It is an usually
small number for the large number of members
of the House. I will ask the gentleman to
allow me to move an amendment to increase
the number to ten thousand.
Mr. LAFLIN. I would not object to the
submission of this amendment if it were pos-
sible to pass such an amendment without en-
dangering the passage of the resolution; for
if we adopt such an amendment the resolution
will then have to go back to the Senate for
concurrence, and in that way it may be lost
altogether.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I can get the floor for
that purpose I shall move to amend by striking
out five thousand and inserting ten thousand.
^ -r'i i ,i « * I,reSret that I am not able
to yielc. the floor to the gentleman to move the
amendment; but I will state for the information
ot the gentleman and the House, that if we
now concur in this resolution it will be an easy
matter after the recess to order a larger num-
ber of extra copies printed for the use of the
, ^l505'1™1 that the resolution
.hould now he concurred in, so that the Public
rmter can proceed at once with the printing
ot tais pamphlet and so thatit may be ready for
distribution as soon as possible. I hope, thcre-
lore, that the gentleman from Tennessee will
"Ot press his motion.
I Tllen 1 notice that
■ nL,.u introduce a resolution for reference to
