1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5381
Union Pacific railfoad to- form A northern
junction. The fact is, that along the line of
the road the land is nearly all absorbed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is a suf-
ficient argument in favor of my proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California demands the regular order.
Mr. THAYER. Cannot the Senator from
California offer his amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts does notunderstand me as objecting
to his proposition ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not. Now I ask the
Senate to take up the joint resolution.
Mr. THAYER. I will accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from California to the
railroad bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is not ready.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It may berenewed
during the evening. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts asks unanimous consent to consider
the joint resolution indicated by him.
HUDSON BAY COMPANY.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 286) mak-
ing an appropriation to pay the Government
of Great Britain and Ireland in accordance
with the award of the commissioners appointed
tinder treaty of July 1,1803, to settle the claims
of the Hudson Bay Company and of the Puget
Sound Agricultural Company. The preamble
recites that by the award made on the 10th day
of September, 1869, by the commissioners
under the treaty of July 1, 1863, between her
Britannic Majesty and the United States of
America, it was determined that in full satis-
faction of all the possessory rights and claims
of the Hudson Bay Company and of the
Puget Sound Agricultural Company there
should be paid by the Government of the Uni-
ted States to the Government of Great Britain
and Ireland the sum of $650,000 in gold coin, in
two annual installments, the first to be paid
within twelve months after and the second
within twenty-four months after the date of the
award. The joint resolution proposes to appro-
priate the sum of $325,000 in gold coin, and
the same is appropriated for the payment of
the Government of Great Britain and Ireland
of the sum by the award determined to be due
on the 10th day of September next, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to put a
proviso there:
Provided, That that amount be crodited upon our
Alabama claims.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senator will not
persevere in that motion. He knows where I
am on the Alabama claims. Let us settle this.
This is for coin.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have it
go to the credit of the Alabama claims. There
are a good many millions there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan iusist on the amendment?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MINING AND DITCH COMPANY.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. KELLOGG. I call for the regular order,
and I insist upon it. I see no opportunity of
getting a'bill passed unless we go on with the
Calendar. Certain Senators have it all their
own way. _ . ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the consideration of the bill in regard to
servile labor.
Mr. IiOSS. I have a little soldiers bill
•which I desire to pass. It interests nobody
fout our discharged soldiers. I ask consent to
have it passed.
Mr. KELLOGG. X withdraw my objection
in behalf of the Senator from Oregon, as I
interrupted him.
■ Mr. WILLIAMS. I will say that there is a
bill 
Mr. BOSS. I understood that I had the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon was first recognized, and the Senator
from Louisiana demanded the regular order
against him.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This is a bill for the ben-
efit of the people of New Mexico, who have no
representative on this floor. They have urged
me to ask for the passage of a bill in which
the people there are all interested. I hope it
will pass.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 55) granting the right of
way and lands to the Pecos and Placer Mining
and Ditch Company of New Mexico.
The Committee "on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and in lieu thereof to insert the fol-
lowing :
That there be, and is hereby, granted to the Pecos
and Placer Mining and Ditch Company, a corpora-
tion under the laws of the Territory of New Mexico,
the right of way through the public lands of the
United States for a canal from a point on the Pccos
river, in Santa Fc or San Miguel counties, in the said
Territory, to some point on the Bio Grande, or some
tributary thereof, in the county of Santa 3?6 or Ber-
nalillo, in the said Territory, to the extent of one
hundred feet on each side of said canal: Provided,
That in case where doep excavations or heavy em-
bankments are required, such greater width as may
bo necessary, notexceeding1 two hundredfecton each
side, may be taken.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there be,
and is hereby, granted to said company the right to
divert and appropriate, as provided by their act of
incorporation under the laws of the Territory of New
Mexico, so much of the water flowing in the Pccos
river as has not, previous to the passage of this act,
been appropriated and used by persons owning lands
on said river below the point where said company
shall divert the water of said stream from its natural
channel. , , ,,
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be  and is hereby, granted to said company the
necessary sites along ,^aid canal for reservoirs, waste-
gates, and other uses of said canal, so far as places
convenient for tho same shall tall upon the public
lands, and also the privilege of discharging the waste
water of said canal over any public lands into the
G-alisteo or other streams, at such places as may be
suitable for the purpose: Provided, That the proper
ollicer of said company shall transmit to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office a correct plat of
the survey and location of said canal, and of the sites
ncedfulof waste-gates andreservoirs : And provided
farther, That nothing in this act shall be construed
so as to interfere with the grant of the right of way
or of public lands heretofore made.
Sec. 4. And be it jurther enacted, That there shall
be, and is hereby, granted to tho said Pecos and Pla-
cer Mining and Ditch Company, to aid in the con-
struction of their said canal, and to thcreby reelairti
and enhance the value ol the public lands along said
canal, each .alternate section ot land designated by
odd numbers, for ten sections in width, on each side
of said canal: Provided, That all lands heretofore
received by the United States by act of Congress, or
in any other mannerbyconipetent authority, for the
purpose ot aiding internal improvements orschools,
or lor any other purpose wlittt^cvur, be, and the
same arc hereby, reserved to the United htfttc< lrom
the operation of this act, except so tar as it may be
necessary to locate the route oi saiu canal through
such reserved lands, in which case the riffht ot way
only shall be granted : Provided further, iuatiiany
portion of tho lands proposed by this act to be granted
to the said company shall have been previously
granted or donated, sold or reserved, an equivalent,
may be taken; and the same is hereby granted to
said company from contiguous odd-numbered sec-
tions nearest the line ot said canal and outside of the
grant hereby made and within ten miles on each side
of the outside limits of said grant.
Sec. 5. And be %t furtner enactedThat the sections
and parts of sections of land which by such grant
shall remain to the United States, within five miles
on each side of said canal, shall not be sold for less
than double the minimum or graduated price ot the
public lands when sold, nor shall any of said lands
become subject to private entry until the same shall
have first been offered at publicsale at the increased
PISfc. S.And he. it farther enacted, That tho said lands
hereby granted to thesaid company shall be subject
to their disposal for tho purposes aforesaid, and no
other; and tho said canal and water snail bo ftee for
the uso of the troops of the Imncd States, or any
military post that may bo estaolis&ed in tho vicinity
tnSo0t7. And Ic it further enacted, That tho lands
granted by this act, except such as are necessaiy for
the company to reserve for reservoirs^ste-gatcs,
and other needful uses 111 operating the calalI. a:nd.
excepting mineral lands and limber lands not fit lor
cultivation after the timber thereon is removed, shall
be sold only to persons desiring to make actual set-
tlement thereon and improvement thereof in quan-
tities not exceeding one quarter section to each per-
son at such prices as will secure to said company, its
successors or assigns, as aforesaid, an average price
of not more than $2 50 per acre for the land actually
certified for each completed section of five miles of
said canal; and to insure enforcement of this section,
itshall be the duty oithecompanyreceivingthecer-
tificates from the Secretary of the Interior as afore-
said. for the lands granted in aid of the construction
of the first section ot five miles of said canal, and
within one year thereafter to fix a price on each one
hundred and sixty acre tract described in said cer-
tificates, in such manner and at such rates that the
average price of the whole amount certified, except-
ing mineral and timber lands as aforesaid, shall not
exceed $2 50 per acre, and report the same to the
Secretary of the Interior, exposing a copy of such
report to the public in the office of the secretary of
such company; and any person desiring actually to
settle upon and improve said land, or any (govern-
ment Subdivision thereof, shall have the right to pur-
chase at the price so fixed, any unsold parcel of said
land upon payment of said price; and on payment
thereof itshall be the duty of the secretary of such
company to make out duplicate certificates of the
sale under the seal of the company, send one to the
Secretary of the Interior, and deliver the other to
the purchaser; and it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to issue to such purchaser a
patent for the land described in his certificate as' in
cases of land sold by tho United States; and the same
form of proceeding shall be observed with respect to
tho land certified by the Secretary of the Interior on
each succeeding completed section of five miles on
the line of said canal: Provided, That no certificate
of lands to such company on any completed section
after the first shall bo made by the Secretary of the
Interior until he shall have received a report as _
aforesaid ot the price fixed on the land, cortified for
the next preceding completed section of said canal:
And provided further. That for lauds exempted from
the provisions of this section patents shall be issued
direct to said company as soon as the conditions of
the fourth section of this act are complied with.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the said com-
pany shall file with the Secretary of the Interior its
assent to this act within one year from tho date of its
passage, and the foregoing grant is upon condition
that said company shall complete a section of five or
more miles of said canal within two years from its
passage, and five or more miles each year thereafter
until the whole shall be completed.
During the reading of the amendment,
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
where this bill came from ?
The VIGR PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. This is au amendment to
the original bill that has been revised and re-
modeled by the Committee on Public Lands.
The $2 50 clause is put in it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The committee took a
great deal of pains to_ prepare a general bill for
this class of companies, and I am afraid this
bill does not contain some of the most import-
ant provisions of that general bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senator will
hear it read, and then determine.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is impossible for me
while it is read so rapidly to understand what
it contains ; and of course it has to be read
rapidly to get through.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask to have the bill
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading unless objection is
made.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall have to ask the
Senator from Oregon to inform me whether it
is the amendment of June 3, 1870, that is now
being read, or the original bill as reported by
the committee ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is the amendment pro-
posed by the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands June 3, 1870.
Mr. POMEROY. I will remark to the Sen-
ator from California that the Committee on
Public Lands of the Senate reported a bill.
The Committee on Public .Lands in the House
considered the same bill and communicated to
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
of the Senate that they had agreed to a bill
which is now being read, being substantially
the same bill that the Senate committee had
agreed to. I reported the substitute as the
Iiouse committee had agreed to it, and that is
the substitute which is now being read; oue
that the House committee had agreed to witV
the committee of the Senate.
