1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3493
always advocated here, with that a policjr of
power, to punish the present offenders against
the law.
Mr. President, I have received this morning
a letter which shows the views of southern
Republicans on this question of disabilities.
It is from a gentleman well known to the Sen-
ator from Ohio and well known to my col-
league, in which he says:
"When, in Heaven's name, are we to have a gen-
eral removal of these politioal disabilities? They
are a source of aggravation to our people"—
Speaking/or the Republicans—
"as well as really inconvenient."
That is from a State senator of the State of
Alabama, formerly Attorney General of Ohio,
Mr. Barr.
Sir, I do not think any wiser act was ever
done than that of the President of the United
States when he inaugurated the policy of con-
ciliation at Appomattox. I think his act in
paroling the rebel army there, and consenting
to allow them to go to their homes, with no
other condition than that they should obey the
laws in force wherever they went, was an act of
intuitive statesmanship which only a great and
a generous mind could conceive. The fallacy
in the argument that is made here consists in
reciting the outrages upon the one hand, and
then taking it for granted that these disabilities
are the cure for them. There is no connection
between the two. These disabilities are no
cure. They are no help toward putting down
the outrages. Every one of these men has
the right to speak; he has the right to vote; he
has the press to use; he has every means of
reaching the public mind, except simply the
right of holding office; and there are worse and
meaner rebels than they everywhere who can
take theoffices, so that you gain nothing by keep -
iog these men disabled. They are not in the
main the old and leading rebels, but they are,
many of them, Union men.
A majority of the Republicans of the South
advocate the removal of disabilities as a
measure, not only of wise public policy, but
as a measure of party necessity. It is because
we feel that we can better go before the people,
and we can better maintain ourselves and
maintain the ascendency of the Republican
party with these disabilities out of our way,
flung behind us, so that we can say to the
people, " While we have given the colored
man the ballot, we at the same time exercised
a generous bounty toward all others and gave
them the right to hold office."
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not propose to
make a speech during the present frolic of the
thermometer, but I rise simply to make a prac-
tical observation in regard to this second sec-
tion. I understand the first section of the
pending amendment was drawn by the Senator
from Connecticut. It provides a remedy in the
courts against any person who shall accept or
exercise the functions of an office to which he
is ineligible. Now, the second section merely
provides "that any person who shall hereafter
knowingly accept or hold any office under the
United States, or any State, to which he is
ineligible under the third section of the four-
teenth article of amend ments to the Constitution
of the United States shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor." The object of this section
is merely this 
' . Mr. FERRY. That is not all; and be for-
ever ineligible to office.
Mr. CARPENTER. The object of this Sec-
tion is to save the necessity of resorting to the
lawsuit provided for by the first section. It
is known to every lawyer that in many cases
many of the offices are held for so short a term
that before a suit can be instituted, prosecuted
to a conclusion, and terminated, the term of
office expires. Thissecond section is designed
to save the necessity of that machinery by ap-
pealing directly to the interest of the office-
holder himself, and giving him notice to quit if
he knows he is ineligible. It reaches no other
class of office-holders than those who know
themselves to be ineligible, and who unlawfully
hold on to their offices in violation of that article
of amendment. Whether that state of things
shall exist for six months or six years it is a
wrong and may properly be made a crime. In
other words, this section merely removes a
man by directly appealing to his interest at
once, and saves the necessity for litigation.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ala-
bama moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have a
short executive session. There is an import-
ance in having one, if the Senator from Ala-
bama will allow me to make that motion.
Mr. SPEN CER. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn, in order that we may have a short
executive session.
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall go through
with this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are reasons why
we cannot get through with this bill to-night.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
nine, noes not counted; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
' HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 16, 1870.
! The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
I by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
j The Journal of Friday last was read and
| approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for the .introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to theii- appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
! Legislatures are in order for printing and
| reference.
! officers and crew of the nightingale.
1 Mr. STEVENS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
: 2002) for the relief of the officers and crew of
the ship Nightingale ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
jurisdiction of court of claims.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2003) to amend an act entitled "An act to re-
strict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,"
&c., passed July 4, 1864; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Revision of the Laws of the United
States, and ordered to be printed.
first national bank, vermont.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2004) to enable the First National Bank
of Burlington, Vermont, to change its name
and location ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
bill he printed.
The motion was agreed to.
taxation of churches, etc.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2005) exempting churches,
parsonages, and schools in the District of
Columbia from taxation; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
increase of pensions.
Mr. VAN WYCK introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2006) to increase pensions to invalid sol-
diers, widows, and minor children ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
TAXES on DISTILLED SPIRITS.
Mr. BENNETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2007) to change and more effectually
secure the collection of internal taxes on dis-
tilled spirits, and to provide for exportation
of spirits from the United States ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
bounties to ordnance corps.
Mr. RANDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2008) granting bounty to enlisted men in
the ordnance corps who served through the
late rebellion; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ana referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
jonathan broek.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2009) for the relief of Jonathan Broek; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
mary j. driver.
Mr. BIGGS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2010) granting a pension to Mary J. Driver;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee en Invalid Pensions.
new york and norfolk railroad.
Mr. AYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2011) granting lands in aid of the construction
j oftheNewYork andNorfolk Air-line railroad;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
definition of murder.
Mr. McKENZIE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2012) to define the degrees of murder in
the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
appointment of fedebal officers.
Mr. McKENZIE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2013) in relation to the appointment of
officers under the Government of the United
States, &c.; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HEFLIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
20d4) to remove the legal and political disabil-
ities of certain persons therein named in the
States of Georgia and Alabama; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
tombigbeb river.
Mr. MORPHIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2015) for the improvement of navigation in the
Tombigbee river, in the State of Mississippi;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. MORPHIS also introduced a bill (H. R,
No. 2016) to remove certain legal and political
disabilities from parties therein named; which
was read a first and second timet and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
post road in louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, introduced a
bill (H. R. No, 2017) to establish a post road
in the State of Louisiana; which was read a
first and second time, and referred. to the
Committee on the Post Office and.Post Roads.
cruelty to animals.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2018) to prevent cruelty to animals
