4438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 1823) to provide for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 1C8) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Lincoln, in
the State of Nebraska, and Brownville, in the
State of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado Ter-
ritory ; and
An act (S. No. 560) making a graiV, of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad in the
Territory of Dakota.
CUBA.
The House resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution reported by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs in relation to Cuba.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, I regret to
find myself separated from my honorable friend
from Indiana [Mr. Orth] and the gentlemen
who have united with "him. in the minority
report. It is a source of congratulation, how-
ever, to me that we are agreed upon one point;
and that is, Mr. Speaker, that something must
be done for these suffering people of Cuba. I
feel also gratified that I am relieved very much
of the labor which would otherwise have been
imposed upon me by the position in which I
find myself in consequence of the able and
exhaustive argument which has been presented
to the House by the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] He has relieved
me of the necessity in presenting the view which
I propose to take of this most important ques-
tion, of going into many of the details which
I would have ielt bound to exhibit to the House
in illustration and defense of the position I
have assumed.
Mr. Speaker, for months past the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs have had under con-
sideration various important memorials which
have been referred to them in reference to the
rights of American citizenship and the duties
of this Government in maintaining its relations
with foreign Powers. Among these was the
recognition of neutral rights in Cuba, upon
which an elaborate report had been prepared by
the honorable chairman of that committee, [Mr.
Banks,] and a day appointed for its discussion
in this House, it was not without profound
astonishment and regret, on the eve ot that dis-
cussion, that I witnessed the proceedings of
yesterday. The President of the United States,
forgetting what was due to the committee and
to the dignity of this House, but with a view to
anticipate its action, came before i>s with a mes-
sage which I will venture to say is without pre-
cedent in our past legislative history. It was
a deliberate attempt to influence the action
of this House j it was an insult to its members
and to the country. It was an announcement
(hat the American Congress was incapable of
forming a judgment of its own upon great
questions of public policy without the advisory
aid of the Executive. This message, evidently
the work of counsel, contains no new fact
which would bring it within the province of
the Executive in communicating information
to this House. It discloses nothing that was
not as well known to the committee as to the
President. It was gratuitous and uncalled for
in the discharge of any official duty imposed
upon him.
The report of the chairman of the commit-
tee on the affairs of Cuba having gone forth to
the public, it became necessary, in the absence
of the requisite intelligence on the part of this
House, to break the effect which it was so well
calculated to produce; and the President of the
United States, taking his position at the Clerk's
desk as the advocate of Spain, pours out his
budget of assumed facts, illogical inferences,
and undigested absurdities upon the patriot
cause of Cuba. Did General Grant mean by
this novel exhibition to divert public attention
from the weakness and imbecility of his past
management of our foreign policy ? Does he
think that the people have forgotten it, or will
ever forgive him for it? He tells you that the
Spaniards and the insurgents are all barbarians
alike, but does he give you any evidence of this
beyond the fact that the latter have been driven
to the lextalionis as a sheer measure of self-pro-
tection ? He tells you that the insurgents have
no established government; but does he get this
from any other than Spanish sources, in whose
interest ho is speaking? He tells you that there
is no formidable opposition to the authority of
Spain, and yet he admits that with eighty thou-
sand men and a navy equal to our own, Spain
had made no progress up to this time in putting
down the rebellion. Is not this evidence of a
state of war? He tells you that outrages have
been perpetrated upon our citizens. Does he
propose any plan of relief in the future beyond
the miserable protests and remonstrances of
which he speaks, which have emboldened Spain
and made him ridiculous? He tells you with
a shrug that the patriot government has issued
bonds to be used in achieving its independence.
Does lie not know that the American people
did the same thing in their struggle for liberty?
He tells you that the declaration of neutrality
would entitle Spain to enlarged powers, under
the treaty of 1795, and would revive the right
of search; but does be not know that that
treaty was negotiated to secure freedom from
the right of search, and has been so interpreted
by the highest judicial tribunal in the country?
But apart from this, does he seriously believe
that an attempt will ever be made to revive
this right, and least of all by a contemptible
Power like Spain?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On what ground
does the gentleman say that the President had
no right to make a communication of this sort?
Mr. SWANN. I said that pending the dis-
cussion of a great question of this sort in the
House of Representatives it was unbecoming
in the President of the United States to intrude
himself into this House for the purpose of
controlling their deliberations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understood the
gentleman to deny his right.
Mr. SWANN. I do not deny the right, but
I deny the propriety of such a movement on
the part of the President of the United States.
Mr. Speaker^this effort on .the part of Gen-
eral Grant to intrude himself into the delib-
erations of this House, and to influence and
forestall its legislation to the detriment of a
people struggling for liberty, or for any other
purpose, is a precedent too dangerous to be
viewed without alarm. It should receive an
indignant rebuke at the hands of this House.
The coordinate branches of this Government
must be kept distinct and separate. General
Grant has no business to appear before us in
any such partisan character. He has no right
to interfere. No one knows better than he
does the condition of things in Cuba, and the
insults to which we have been subjected ; and
to claim that we have no right to correct these
evils, even by the applicationof force, if neces-
sary, is below the standard of American states-
manship and degrading to a nation like this.
Mr. Speaker, this message of the President
indicates no fixed policy for the future but
that of inactivity and non-interference. He
wants the struggling Cubans to lay down their
arms and submit to the despotism which is
attempted to be fastened upon them. It is no
more than we had a right to expect. Our in-
stitutions are to continue to be outraged, our
commercial relations with Cuba interrupted,
and our citizens murdered in cold blood, to
say nothing of the war upon humanity which
has been going on with such revolting cruelty
for mouths past. No American citizen will be
safe in Cuba after this policy has been an-
nounced. If we fold our arms in quiet sub-
mission, as General Grant recommends, to
await the tardy development of events, extend-
ing material aid and sympathy to Spain in the
mean time, as we are doing now, we shall fall
beneath the dignity of the weakest Power with
which we hold intercourse to-day. I had hoped,
sir, that we had reached a period when we could
stand above the devices which are sometimes
resorted to to intimidate weak Governments;
but the bugbear of a" war with Spain, so prom-
inent a feature in General Grant's message,
has caused that high officer to tremble at the
very idea of intervention, or the passage of
any resolution by this House, and to forget the
power and greatness of the nation over which
he presides. The American people will sink
appalled at the degrading picture which it
presents.
Tliejointresolutions reported bythemajority
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, which I
hold in my hand, are in the following words:
Resolved hu the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America %n Congress assembled.
That the President of the United States be, anu
hereby is, authorized and instructed to declare and
maintain a strictly impartial neutrality on the part
of the Government of the United States in the con-
test now existing between the people ot Cuba and
the Government of the kingdom of Spain. _ ,
Sec. 2. A nd be it further resolved, Thatall provisions
of the statute approved 20th of April, 1818, entitled
"An act in addition to the act for the punishment
of certain enmes against the United States, and to
repeal the acts therein mentioned/' shall, be con-
strued to apply equally to each of the parties in the
ex.istiug contest between the people of Cuba andtho
Government of Spain. .
Sec. 3. That the President is hereby authorized and
requested to remonstrate against th© barbarous man-
ner in which the war m Cuba has been conducted,
and, if he shall deem it expedient, to solicit the
cooperation ot other Governments in such measures
as he may deem necessary to secure from both con-
tending parties an observance of the laws ot war
recognized by all civilized nation^.
The substitute proposed by the minority
comprises the following provisions :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United State* of America in Congress assem-
bled, That if any person shall, within the limits ot
the United States, fit out, arm, or equip, or attempt
to fit out, arm, or equip, or procure to be fitted out.
armed, or equipped, or shall knowingly beconcerned
in the fitting out, arming, or equipping, oi any ship
or vessel, with intent that such ship or vessel shall
be employed in the service of any European prince
or State, for the purpose of subduing American col-
onists claiming independence, or shall issue or de-
liver a commission within the territory of the Uni-
ted States for any ship or vessel with the intent that
she may be employed as aforesaid, every person so
offending shall bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and,
upon conviction thereof, shall be lined in any sum
not exceeding 65.000, and be imprisoned for a period
not exceeding two years nor less than six months;
and every such ship or vessel, with her tackle, ap-
parel, and furniture, together with all materials,
arms, ammunition, and stores, which may have been
procured tor the building aud equipment thereof,
shall be forfeited, ono half to the use of the informer
and the other half to the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted^ That m every
case where a ship or vessel shall be fitted out, armed,
or equipped, or attempted to be fitted out, armed,
or equipped, contrary to the provisions ot this act,
it ^hali be lawful for the President of tho United
State® or sueh person as he shall have empowered
lor that purpose, to employ the land or naval forces,
or the militia of theUnited States,or any part thereoi,
for the purpose of taking possession of and detaining
any such ship or vessel.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, lhat the pro\i>-
ions of the act approved April 20, 181^. entitled An
act in addition to tho act for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States, and to repeal
the acts therein mentioned," shall beheld to apply
and be in force as to all attempts of American colo-
nic* or parts thereof, ta as>ert their independence;
and the words "colonies, districts, or peoples" in
such act shall be held to apply to and include all
such American colonists claiming independence, as
described in the first section of this act.
The leading resolution reported by the ma-
jority, iu which I cordially concur, proposes
to recognize the existence of a state ot war in
Cuba, and to pledge this Government to a strict
neutrality as between the contending powers.
In inviting attention to this subject 1 am quite
aware of the responsibility which it imposes
upon the committee and upon^ the House in
any action they may deem it their duty to rec-
ommend. I have risen with no purpose, there-
fore, to make a sensation speech. I would allay
rather than increase the excitement which the
introduction of" this subject produced a few days
ago upon this floor among gentlemen of both
