3494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
while in transit by railroad or other means of
transportation within the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to
be printed.
post route in ohio.
Mr. DICKINSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2019) to establish a post route from Omar,
via Reedtown and Weaver's Corners, to Belle-
vue, in the State of Ohio; which was read a
first and second time, aud referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
qualifications of assistant marshals.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2020) relative to the qualifications of assist-
ant marshals of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor.
thomas lunney.
Mr. WINANS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2021) granting a pension to Thomas Lunney;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred, with accompanying papers, to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. TILLMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2022) for the removal of the legal and
political disabilities of N. O. McAdams, of
Dallas, Texas, and Thomas G. Moseby, of
Bedford county, Tennessee; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2023) for the removal of disabilities of the
persons therein named; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Belect
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2024) for the relief from disabilities of certain
persons who have been engaged in rebellion;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
charles richards.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2025) for the relief of Charles Richards;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
land grant of jose dominguez.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2026) to repeal an act entiled "An act to con-
firm the grant of certain lands to Jos6 Dom-
inguezin California," approved June 12, 1866;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
indiana post road.
Mr. WILLIAMS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2027) to establish a post road in the State
of Indiana; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
john siceler.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2028) for the relief of John Sickler; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
minerva orr.
Mr. HAY introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2029)
granting a pension to Minerva Orr; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
railroad bridge over the ohio.
Mr. CREBS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 287) authorizing the building of a
railroad bridge over the Ohio river at Metrop-
olis City, Illinois; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2080) for removal of disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States from sundry citizens of
the State of Arkansas; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
thirty-sixth parallel railroad.
Mr. ROOTS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2031) granting lands and the right of way in
Missouri and Arkansas to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line along or
near the thirty-sixth parallel of north latitude,
from the Mississippi river to the Arkansas
river; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
upper st. joiin's, etc., railroad.
Mr. HAMILTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2032) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of the Upper St. John's, Mellonville,
Tampa, and South Florida railroad; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
exchange of bonds.
Mr. CONNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2033) to repeal a portion of the act approved
April 12, 1866, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act to support the Govern-
ment,' approved March 3, 1865; " which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
indian outrages.
Mr. CONNER also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 288) for the appointment of
a special committee of five members of the
House to take evidence concerning outrages
committed by Indians on the western and
i southwestern frontiers, in violation of the Kan-
sas treaty of 1865; which was read a first and
i second time, referred to the Committee on
I1 Indian Affairs, and, with the accompanying
i papers, ordered to be printed.
international immigration society.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
J 2034) to incorporate the International Society
|] of the United States for the Promotion and
11 Protection of Immigration; which was read a
| first and second time, and referred to the
. Committee on the Judiciary.
green bay and lake pepin railroad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2035) granting the
right of way to the Green Bay and Lake Pepin
Railway Company, for its road across the
Oneida reservation, in the State of Wisconsin;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
preservation of fur-bearing animals.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2036) to prevent
the extermination of fur-bearing animals in
Alaska; which wasreada first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
settlers in california.
Mr. AXTELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2037) for the relief of settlers on certain lands
in the State of California ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
benicia, california.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2038) to grant increased facilities to Benicia,
a port of delivery in the State of California ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
spirits distilled from apples, etc!.
Mr. SARGENT introduced abill (H. R. No.
2039) imposing a tax upon spirits distilled from
apples, peaches, and grapes exclusively, and
to regulate the distillation thereof; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
suppression of indian hostilities.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2040) to amend an act approved
March 2, 1861, entitled "An act to provide for
the payment of the expenses incurred by the
Territories of Oregon and Washington in the
suppression of Indian hostilities therein in the
years 1855 and 1856; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered te be printed.
tost route in west virginia.
Mr. DUYAL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2041) to establish a certain post route in West
Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
heirs of dr. john millington.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2042) for the relief of the heirs of Dr. John
Millington ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
compensation for missionary stations.
Mr. SHAFER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2043) to provide compensation for missionary
stations, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time, and, with the ac-
companying petition of the American Board of
Commissioners for Foreign Missions, referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order is the call for resolu-
I tions to be presented for consideration at the
present time. The call rests at the State of
New York.
| philadelphia and camden bridge.
| Mr. TANNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2044) declaring the bridge between Philadel-
phia and Camden a post route; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. TANNER. I desire to have the bill
put upon its passage, and move the previous
question.
The bill was read. It provides that the
bridge authorized to be constructed by an act
giving the consent of the United States to the
erection of a bridge across the Delaware river,
between Philadelphia and Camden, approved
April- 6, 1870, when erected, shall be, and is
hereby declared to be, a post route.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were, on a division—ayes 30,
noes 31; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Haight and Mr. Tanner
were appointed.
Mr.. HAIGHT. I should like the gentle-
man from New York to give some explanation
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Thebillcannotbedebated.
If there was the slightest debate ou it it would
have to go over.
The tellers took their places; and, the House
having again divided, the tellers reported—
ayes 84, noes 32.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the bill was read the
third time, and passed. ,
Mr. TANNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
. The latter motion was agreed to.
bill for general amnesty.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution;
on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the select Committee on Becon-
struction be, and are hereby, instructed to report
forthwith a bill for general amnesty.
