1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
it and par tax on it, and also to supply the
market with old whisky.
The Government has another interest in this
matter which has been referred to ; that is, it
derives from fifteen to eighteen cents per gal-
lon from special taxes on all the whisky that
is made. One half of these distilleries are
stopped now, while others are doing only half
work. In my own district, for the last month,
the Government has been a sufferer to the
extent of $19,000 in special taxes alone. It is
getting no special tax, for the whisky is not
made there. Manufacturers cannot go on mak-
ing whisky, pay fifty cents per gallon direct
tax, pay special taxes, and pay interest on
money at the rate which some of them are
paying now.
. Why, Mr. Speaker, I know men of wealth
who are paying over twenty per cent, for money,
to enable them to hold their whisky till it shall
become tit for the market. It is well known
ihat foreigners have the advantage of us in
sending their liquors into our market. It is
the interest of the distiller now to remove into
Canada and make his whisky there, for the pur-
pose of bringing it into this country; and at
the end of three years, if he sees proper, he can
reship it and bring it back again. Is it right
that we should give to men outside of our own
country advantages which we deny to our own
citizens? I know the condition of the men
engaged in this manufacture; and I say again
that men of immense wealth are now com-
pelled to suspend their business, the Govern-
ment being thus deprived of Us special taxes,
and if this policy is continued our country will
ultimately cease to produce these finer classes
of whisky.
Mr. BECK. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that the gentleman
from Kentucky will not confine me strictly to
five minutes; I may desire a moment or two
longer.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa whether this measure
lias been considered by the Committee of
Ways and Means and has their approval,
and whether it has been considered by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue and has
his approval? I confess that I do not under-
stand the proposition, and am at a loss to
decide how to vote.
Mr. ALLISON. I think I can give, in the
course of my remarks, a satisfactory answer to
both those questions. Sir, I would have pre-
ferred that this question of extending the time
upon whisky in bond should have been de-
ferred until the consideration of the general
tax bill in this House. I know that when
other special matters relating to taxation have
been brought in here the House has usually
postponed their consideration until the gen-
eral tax bill shall be taken np. But inasmuch
as it was represented to the Committee of
Ways and Means that this question with refer-
ence to fine whiskies, as gentleman denomin-
ate them, is a matter of pressing importance,
the subject was, I believe, especially considered
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and
the proposition subtnitted a few moments ago
by the acting chairman of the committee, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoofer,]
received the sanction of the committee, and
would most likely have been incorporated in
the general bill. But to my surprise the gen-
tleman from Keatacky [Mr. Beck] allows the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Prosser] to
submit a motion to strike from the proposi-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means its
material and essential feature, the additional
tax of one cent per gallon for each month that
the whisky may remain in bond. It is im-
possible for us to make any law which will
apply exclusively to these fine whiskies. Any
provision we may adopt must apply as well to
high-wines and all classes of liquors distilled ,
in this country. Hence, if we extend the time j
lor taking these liquors out of bond from one I
year to three years the effect will be that all
these distillers, at least those who are able to
do so, will keep their high wines in bond for
the additional two years. I trust, therefore,
thatif the House should adopt the proposition,
this additional tax of one cent per gallon for
each month will be retained. I do not know
but that with this clause attached the proposi-
tion is a reasonable one.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler J has stated that the leakage and other
expenses will more than counterbalance the
increase of these liquors in value. The gen-
tleman is mistaken upon that point, if the
information received by the Committee of Ways
and Means is correct. As I understand the
fact, whiskies of the class to which this reso-
lution is especially intended to apply do increase
in value to an extent vastly exceeding the
amount of the additional tax which the pro-
viso contemplates.
I believe the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue is in favor of this proposition, provided
we impose the additional tax of one cent per
gallon. I do not believe he would favor the
proposition presented by the gentleman from
Kentucky; but whether he would or not, I trust
the House will not adopt a proposition allowing
ordinary distillers, manufacturers ofhigh-wines
and all other distillers, to keep their products
in bond for three years, paying merely the tax
of fifty cents per gallon.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman will allow me
to say that I do not know what the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue will do; but I have
been talking with the deputy commissioner,
who has special charge of this matter, and he
agrees with me.
Mr. ALLISON. I trust this proposition will
not pass this House except with a proviso charg-
ing an interest of one cent per gallon each
month, and I trust the previous question will
only be seconded on the pending amendment,
so, if that be voted down, the Committee of
Way8 and Means may revise their action and
bring in some other proposition for that pro-
posed by the gentleman from Kentncky.
Mr. PROSSER. Is not this proposition a
discrimination in favor of the manufacturers
of foreign liquors ? Has not the trade in for-
eign liquors increased largely ?
Mr. ALLISON. This is not a discrimina-
tion in favor of foreign liquors at all. Gentle-
men know very well that the class of spirits
imported into this country are charged when
imported $2 50 a gallon. Will any gentleman
having any pretense to common sense on this
floor undertake to say that it will come into com-
petition with the American production, which
is taxed only fifty cents per gallon? They do
not interfere with each other in any respect.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says he can
go to Canada and manufacture liquor and bring
it in here. Every gallon of whisky brought into
the United States pays a duty of $2 50 per
gallon, whereas the tax upon domestic spirits,
direct and indirect, is not more than sixty-five
cents per gallon.
Mr. BECK. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. MARSHALL. I happened to be present
in the Committee of Ways and Means when
this resolution was debated, and I wish to pre-
sent in a few words the views I entertain in
regard to the question now before the House.
I think this time ought to be extended as pro-
posed. I am satisfied, from the information
brought before the committee, that the extension
ought to be given, and that if it is not given it
will be ruinous to the manufacture of distilled
spirits in Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and some
other States; but I do not think the extension
ought to be given without the payment of inter-
est. A large portion of the interest engaged in
the manufacture of distilled spirits does not
want the extension. The manufacturers of
whisky in Indiana, Illinois, and all over the
western States, manufacture what is called
" high-wines." These do not improve by time.
They do not remain in the hands of man-
ufacturers, but are put in the market for the
purpose of rectification and for other purposes.
They do not want this extension. J1' that is
so, and the manufacturers of fine whiskies in
Kentucky and Pennsylvania and elsewhere
need this extension, it' their whisky improves
in value by age, then it occurs to me they ouyht
to have this extension on the payment of inter-
est. But I do not think they ought to be com-
pelled to pay at the rate of one cent per
gallon for each month, for that would be twenty -
four per cent., in my judgment, an extravagant
interest. If thegentleman will permit me to do
so, I will move to strike out one and insert
one half, so as to reduce the interest to twelve
per cent.
Mr. PROSSER. lam willing to move a sub-
stitute for my amendment, that they shall be
taxed at the rate of ten per cent, per annum,
the same as we tax foreign liquor in bond.
Mr. MARSHALL. The amendment 1 pro-
pose will amountto about the same thing, while
it will be simpler in form. 1 propose in the
substitute of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, to strike out "one" and insert "one
half," which will bring it nearly to ten per cent.
It seems to me this is as much as ought to be
asked from those who pay so largely into the
Treasury of the country.
Mr. PROSSER. I will accept the amend
ment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MARSHALL. My amendment is before
the House.
Mr. PROSSER. Yes, sir ; I have accepted
the amendment to strike out " one cent'' and
insert " one half cent."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
state, Mr. Speaker, that distillers have stated
to the Committee of Ways and Means that
this additional time was necessary to ripen
their spirit and render it fit for consumption,
and that until it was so ripened it was of little
more value than high-wines, whereas when
ripened it increased to double or more in value,
and these distillers did not object to the addi-
tional tax for this benefit. It was deemed
necessary to make some additional duty for
the extension of time, to prevent the distillers
of high-wines from availing themselves of the
extension of time for three years. In the bill
which was reported' to the House last year
this same addition, under the old law, fixing a
duty of two dollars per gallon, was inserted.
The question between half a cent and one
cent I do not think very material.
Mr. BECK. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
] main question ordered; which was on Mr.
1 Prosser's amendment to the substitute offered
by Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, to reduce
the proposed tax of one cent per gallon per
month to half a cent per gallon per month.
The question was put on agreeing to Mr.
Prosser'samendment; and there were—ayes
70, noes 65.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
do now adjourn. But I would first inquire
whether the result of now adjourning will not
be that the question now pending will come up
to-morrow as the first thing after the reading
of the Journal?
The SPEAKER. It will. As unfinished
! business it will come up as the first thing in
| the morning hour.
j the latk gold panic.
! Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
I tleman from Pennsylvania to yield to me for
! a moment while I make a motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
! Pennsylvania withdraw the motion to adjourn?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would be willing to
■ withdraw it to allow the motions which several
i gentlemen desire to make, but not if it would
I lead to the yeas and nays being taken to-night
