1869.
THE CONGI1ESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
Mr. Speaker, I need not multiply examples.
I would place this man above Epaminondas or
Pericles, the great Julius or Augustus, Pitt or
Fox, or our own Clay or Webster, for in true
renown he outweighs them all. With the rec-
ord of his $8,000,000 to charity, all the result
of his own hand and brain, he stands alone a
great beacon-light on the stormy ocean of life.
The men of wealth in modern times in the
main devote their means either to influence
the councils and regulate the financial opera-
tions of empires and kingdoms, it may be of
republics, or to increase their rentals, thier
great incomes, and ensconse themselves lux-
uriously in turreted and gorgeous homes when
the poor and the suffering all around them
even at the very doors of their gilded palaces,
are crying out in vain for charity. Let these
and the men of our own country especially,
behold an examplar in this noble citizen,
and take a lesson from his life. His munif-
icent hand found work in two great sections
of the globe, his native and our mother coun-
try. He has reared great institutions of learn-
irg and of charity, has strengthened the hand
of the laborer in his toil, raised the widow
and the orphan from their desolation, and
has made comfortable the homes and cheered
the hearts of thousands. And although he
lived part of his life, made the bulk of his
fortune, and died in England, yet his heart
ever turned with filial and fraternal affection
to his native land. He was indeed a patriot,
loved his whole country and all his country-
men, and in the great civil war which so lately
rent our land and estranged the hearts of our
people, he looked with sorrow upon the scene,
loving and pitying both sections; and when he
came among us after the strife some even still
nursing the embers of the fires of war, his
heart was large enough for all, and he turned
instinctively his melting eyes to the weaker
side, the unfortunate and the distressed, and
blessed them with liis gracious munificence.
His charities fell like the dews of heaven upon
the just and the unjust, the loyal and disloyal.
" Blest is the man whoso softening heart
Feels all another's pain.
To whom the bupplieating eyo is never raised in
vain;
To gentle offices of love his feet are never slow.
He views through mercy's melting eye a brother
in a foe."
But, sir, I will not enlarge upon his virtues,
his good and glorious benefactions ; the world
knows thein ; thousands of lips have sung his
praise, thousands ofglowing hearts have twined
their ever-verdant tendrils around his brow,
and thousands of grateful hands have strewn
flowers in his pathway to the tomb.
I have said this much from no personal
knowledge of the man. I have never seen the
form in which was embodied so much of human
excellence, never touched the hand which doled
out such riches to the poor, or looked into the
eyes which so often wept at other's woes; but
I desired as a southern man to express my
admiration of his character and to pay the poor
tribute of my praise to this son of New England.
Massachusetts may well lie proud of her off-
spring, but she cannot alone claim him ; he
belongs in part to both hemispheres of the
globe, and his famo is a rich inheritance to
their people forever. The poor of London have
knelt and worshiped at his shrine, the great
of England have bowed at his bier and honored
him with a tomb among her illustrious dead in
Westminster Abbey. The Emperor of France
and the British Queen have signalized their
respect by sending a fleet to escort his remains
tohisnativeland. Canwedo less, Mr. Speaker,
than authorize the head of our Government
to perform a becoming part in the obsequies
of our great fellow-citizen ? Let a fleet go
from our shores that will bedeck the sea in
Bplendor, reflecting the light from heaven and
gladdening the angels of God that lead on the
convoy of our renowned philanthropist. In
thus honoring him we but honor ourselves. We
elevate our humanity and " lay up treasures in
heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth cor-
rupt, and where thieves do not break through
nor steal."
I trust, sir, that these resolutions will meet
with no denial in this House, but be unani-
mously adopted. They do simple justice to
one who has adorned the history of our coun-
try and filled the measure of man's usefulness
on earth. George Peabody has accomplished
a glorious mission, and his fame already rises
to the sublime. He could have said while liv-
ing with more truth than any poet that ever
sang or mortal that ever spoke—
" Exegi monumentum sere perennius."
He built a monument in every Christian
heart, and every tongue in Christendom should
sing a requiem to his name.
Mr. SWANN. I wish to move an amend-
ment to the resolution in order to meet the
objection of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I would suggest that the gentleman
from Kentucky strike out from his resolution
all that relates to the particular measures to
be taken to receive the remains of Mr. Pea-
body, and that the whole subject be referred
to the President of the United States to take
such action as he may deem necessary. The
House is aware that the President of the Uni-
ted States or the State Department have already
taken action on the other side of the water in
reference to an escort for the remains of Mr.
Peabody. I have no doubt that arrangements
have already been made to receive his remains
on their arrival in the United States. I would,
therefore, suggest to the gentleman that be
modify his resolution so as to leave the whole
matter of the preparations to receive these
remains to the President of the United States
for such action as he may think proper.
I would further suggest, if the gentleman
from Kentucky will permit me, that he add to
his resolution a provision for the appointment
by the Speaker of a committee of three mem-
bers of this House to represent the House of
Representatives at the funeral of Mr. Peabody
on the arrival of his remains. Are these sug-
gestions agreeable to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky?
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I will simply
say in reply to the gentleman from Maryland
that I would very cheerfully yield to his first
suggestion, but 1 have been informed that the
President and the Secretary of the Navy have
already made such preparations, or nearly such
preparations, as are indicated in the resolution
which I have offered. I accept with great
pleasure my friend's other suggestion, and am
willing that he shall offer an amendment to
that effect.
Mr. SWANN. It is suggested to me that
the number of the committee ought to be five.
I offer the following amendment:
Resolved, That five members of this House, with
such members as may be appointed by the Senate,
be appointed to attend the reception of the remains
of Mr. Peabody on our shores on behalf of the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. SCHENCIi. What is the resolution
before the House?
The SPEAKER. A joint resolution offered
by unanimous consent by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Jones] some ten days since
and made the special order for Monday after
the morning hour. It comes up now, the sus-
pension of the rules on the Georgia bill having
taken it out of its order. The resolution will
again be reported for the information of the
House.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. SWANN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that if he insists upon
his resolution as it stands now, providing that
ships of the line shall be designated by the
President of the United States, it may embar-
rass his resolution. I would suggest to him
that he accept my amendment that this whole
subject be referred to the President of the
United States, to take such action as he may
deem necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I will strike out
the words "ships of the line" and insert
"naval vessels." That will meet the objec-
tion.
BUSINESS FOR TO-MORROW.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before any vote is taken
upon any subject I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the House that to-morrow—inas-
much as many members are makmg prepara-
tions to go away—be devoted to discussion
only, for which the House may go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that no business shall be in order except
the receiving and signing of enrolled bills.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I hope the
gentleman will except also the introduction of
bills and joint resolutions for reference only.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that if they are not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Precisely.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like the gentle-
man also to except legislation on the_ subject
of printing the report of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
Mr. SCHENCK. That, under the rules, must
go to the Committee on Printing, when brought
before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to have that
committee allowed the privilege of reporting
to-morrow, and the Houseallowed the privilege
of ordering that document to be printed prior
to the recess.
Mr. KELLEY. I want to be heard on the
question of printing that report.
Mr. DICKEY. So do I.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have not had an
opportunity to read that document yet.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think it is neces-
sary to include that.
Mr. KELLEY. I am told it lias already
been printed for distribution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose that the session
for to-morrow shall he for debate only, for the
signing of enrolled bills, and for the introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions merely for
reference.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to that unless it
is also agreed that the Committee on Printing
shall have an opportunity to report.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move that the
House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be obliged
to recognize thegentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Swans] upon the resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Jones,] as the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] was allowed
the floor merely to make a suggestion in rela-
tion to business to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. One object in moving the
adjournment was to give gentlemen time to
reflect upon the resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. J ONES, of Kentucky. I had hoped that
there would not be a single objection to the
resolution. As to the expense, I presume it
will be a mere trifle. One single second's
flow into the Treasury would be sufficient to
pay the expense.
^ BETSEY LEWIS.
^ Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. E. No. 697) granting a
pension to Betsey Lewis; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
MKMOKY or GEORGE PEABODY AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
preamble and resolution in relation to the
memory of George Peabody.
Mr. VOORHEES. I seek the floor for but
one purpose, and that is to respond to the sug-
gestion of the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] which I think he ought
not to have made, in regard to the expense to
be incurred by this Government in receiving
the remains of Mr. Peabody. A man who gave
the charities and bestowed the benefactions
