1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59i
41sx Conu 2jd Sess.
Internal Tax—Mr, Morrell.
Ho. oe Reps.
encouragement in all its fifty-seven pages,
while page after page is devoted to the incul-
cation of the doctrine that we should send our
money to Europe for articles we can produce
with as little labor at home.
FREE-TRADE TESTIMONY.
That the policy advocated by the late Com-
missioner, and defended by the Democratic
minority of the Committee on Manufactures,
is one of virtual free trade, and therefore
acceptable to foreign importers, English man-
ufacturers, and others interested in breaking
down American competition, is shown by the
tone of the free-trade press, both in this coun-
try and in Europe, and by other unmistakable
indications of l'ree-trade approval. I make
some references to substantiate this statement.
On the afternoon of Thursday, February
24, 1870, a mass meeting of free-traders met in
New York to devise ways and means to farther
their interests Und obstruct the progress of
protective tariff legislation. The New York
World of the following day, in its notice of
the meeting, characterized it as one of " mer-
chants, bankers, traders, and other persons
interested in free trade." If manufacturers,
mechanics, and laboring men had been prom-
inent in its deliberations, the World would
most probably have so stated. At this meet-
ing free-trade speeches were made by Mahlon
Sands, William Cullen Bryant, Samuel J. T>1-
den, and others, and letters regretting their
inability to attend the meeting were read from
Hon. S. S. Marshall, Hon. S. S. Cox, and
Hon. James Brooks, Democratic members of
this House. The leading speech of the occa-
sion was delivered by Mahlon Sands, secre-
tary of the American Free-Trade League, to
whom, according to his own statement, had
been committed ''the duty of explaining what
the Free-Trade League has done and what it
proposes to do." In his speech, which I find
reported at length m the Free Trader for
Mare!!. 1870, occurs the following paragraph :
" The free-traders owe a, great deal to the invalu-
able siEitibtics of Commissioner Wei is. Icannotover-
prnte our obligation; but Air. Wei is also owes the
ii'ee-traders a sreat deal. To them he is indebted
i'oi his conversion to the truth. In his report tor 180S
he charged us with endeavoring to degrade the
Amenean laborer, and with a. sclFoh desire to pro-
mote oar own interestsrepcardles? of those of others;
m ,-hert, he said many hard tilings about u>, for
which wo hrvve loriK &mee forgiven him. In his re-
nort for 1869 Mr. Wells proves that the number of
laborers employed in tlie great protected industries
of woolens, cottons, and iion, is only two and a.
half per cent, of the whole number of the producers
in the country, and shows how ruinous the protec-
tion afforded to this petty minority is to the prosperity
of the notion. Mr. Wells has not yet avowed him-
self a free-trader, but the bitterness with which he
is rogaided by the protectionists shows into whose
ranks he has delivered hia lire. Air. Wells has hiul
a difiicult plr.ee to fill. To have a,vowed more rad-
ical opinions would have been to commit hari-
kari. Mr. Weils started a sincere protectionist,
and has been converted by the teaching ot f.iets and
the argument of free-traders. Once^he was a. Saul;
now he is their chief apostle to the Gentiles."
In the same copy of the Free Trader from
which I quolo the foregoing exultant boast
i'. pears a list of free-trade publications for
at the office of that paper, which list in-
< i^iles the following announcement:
" Welly's Reports, lteport of the Special Coninii:'-
Moner of tho ftevenne on Taxation, Wages, Hush
Prices. Monopolies and Special Legislation tor the
year IStjS. Report on the Industry, Trade, Com-
merce, <lc„ of the United States tor flic year 1S*>0;
prefaced by a sebeme, prepared by the Free-Trade
League, to*show how a purely revenue tariff eould
be m.sde that would yield ^1-7,500,000 gold. 10 cents
ea< h."
Looking farther into the pages of the Free
Trader for March, which is the authorized
organ of the "American Kree-Trade League,"
I find that seven and a half of its wide columns
me filled with a letter from the then Special
Commissioner in defense of his theories and
statistics as presented in his annual report for
1SG9, accompanied by an editorial indorse-
ment which declares that his defense is (tabso-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 38.
lately conclusive." In this and other numbers
of the Free Trader Mr. Wells is uniformly
referred to in terms of the highest praise, and
is constantly paraded before the readers of
that paper as an opponent of protection to
American industry. In its issue for June it
clamors for his continuance in the office of
Special Commissioner of the Revenue in this
style:
"If Commissioner Wells is not retained in office
the responsibility of his dismissal will rest with the
President. a canvass of Congress shows that a large
majority in both Houses favor the continuance of the
office of Special Commissioner of the Revenue, which
expires by limitation in July. But no effort will be
made to have it continued by the revenue reformers,
unless the President will agree to reappoint Mr.
Wells. General Grant is a protectionist, and wehavc
little hope that he will act so as to please the party
of reform."
The u revenue reformers" here referred to
are the free-traders, and they evidently u knew
their man," as the phrase is, or their organ
would not have been so pronounced in favor
of his continuance in the office he has made to
serve them so well.
That I may do no injustice to the minority
of the Committee on Manufactures, I will state
that in the same number of the Free Trader
from which \ have Inst quoted appear copious
extracts from the nine pages of their report
to which the late Commissioner did not attach
his signature, introduced by a commendatory
editorial paragraph, which concludes with the
remark that the "few words from the minor-
ityareanhonortotheirwriters." This is praise
from a high source, and it is still furtherempha-
sized by a complimentary reference in another
part of the same paper to the manner in which
the late Commissioner came to supply to the
minority the forty-eight pages of their report.
In quoting from the Free Trader I have
quoted from the highest free-trade authority in
this country, but 1 add the declaration that
after careful inquiry I have not found a single
other American periodical published in the
interest of free trade and kindred heresies that
has not in season and out of season copied
freely from the last annual report of the late
Commissioner and indorsed his theories. And
on the floor of this House, daring the long tariff
discussion of the present session, his well-
thumbed report furnished every member who
advocated low duties pr absolute free trade
with arguments and figures against protection.
The gentleman who represents the sixth dis-
trict of New York, [Mr. Cox,] in his elaborate
speech against the tariff proposed by the Ways
and Means Committee, avowed himself a free
trader of the sfraitest sect, and then pro-
ceeded to fortify his positions by liberal ex-
tracts from the iate Commissioner's report.
I now turn to the evidences of approval of the
late Commissioner's revenue theories which
come to us from free-trade England—that
England which is ever quick to recognize every
variation of public sentiment m this country,
and every error in our legislation w^ich favors
her special interests. And I cannot point to
any more significant proof of the delight with
which our great manufacturing rival has re-
ceived the late Commissioner's recent utter-
ances than that which is found in the fact that
his last report has been reprinted for general
circulation by the Free-Trade Cobden Club of
London. It was not enough that England
should commend the report; not enough that
she should print extracts from it in her news-
papers, to encourage her manufacturers in the
belief that by the adoption of the late Commis-
sioner's theories they would speedily reap a
harvest of golden profits from the decay of
American manufactures; she gave the report
the strongest possiblp indorsement, and best
expressed her gratitude to its author, by
reprinting it "for universal circulation."
But I do not propose to stop with this par-
ticular reference to the favor with which the
late Commissioner's theories and statements
have been received in England. The specific
benefits which she has already derived from
the labors of this gentleman are known and
boasted of in English newspapers of respecta-
bility and influence. I quote a few extracts
from them to show what some of these benefits
are, premising them with the remark that-the
late Commissioner in his last report recom-
mended large reductions in the duty on foreign
iron and steel, in one of its issues for May
last the London Mining Journal contained a
long article reviewing the action of this House
relative to the tariff 011 these articles. It said :
" Wc have good news from tlie United States. The
House of Representatives, in their discussion of the
new tariff biil, have got beyond the debate on the
general principles and are nowcontestmg the meas-
uie in its details, it has reached the item of iron
and has disposed of the duty upon pigs in a fashion
mostsatisfactorytotheBritishiron-uiaster." "
iI • - "What was done in the Washington
House of Representatives on Tuesday night is haidly
less satisfactory than that we have recorded in respect
of the discussion there on tho night before. Auain
our Pennsylvania friends were beaten, though they
fought hard to make tho best of the opposition with
which they were met." '• s *■ *
"The result of the two nights' debates is in every
respcet cheering. Tho protectionists have a majority
in the House, and upon the cotton duties, fo^instanee,
the free-traders werealtogetherunsuceesstul in their
efforts to reduce the tariff, the protectionists rAllying
to the support of individual interests. Hero, how-
ever, when those duties are discussed upon which
the protectionists were supposed to be the strongest
they are beaten; and while the first lnanufaetui
industry of Great Hi ifain gets no relict the third is
thus far conspicuously successful. The result, ot iho
divisions on Tuesday night was not only to reduce
east scrap three dollars, but wrought :ei;tp two dol-
lars a ton as compared w ith the present duty." 4
" The rapidity ot (he progress of free-
trade views in the States if. something extiaoidinury.
If the rest of tho prt>;>nsed alterations are dispo-ed
of after the fashion which has marked tlie debates
upon pig iron and scrap iron, the turn of the cotton
fords of Lancashire will quickly coino. Iron-masters
linutnot, however, bo too sanguine, encouraging
are their prospect as an industry. The duties on
finished iron uudsteei have yet to be debated.-''
h 1 "The disciii-sion upon tho chinas of
the bill yet to bo introduced may well be looked for-
ward to certainly with eompo>ure, ii not, indeed,
with great satisfaeUon. by tho iton-iuasLuts oi Gto.it
Britain. If all should go as well ;<s the debates oi
Monday and Tuesday, the result will be most bene-
ficial to that interest."
Ilyland's Iron Trade Circular is another
champion of KnglUh free-trade sentiment, and
the special organ of English iron-masters, and
from it I quote the following significant, para-
graphs :
" Notwithstanding the splendid mineral resources
of tho United States, the manulacture of iron is vet
in its infancy, owing to the ssuaieity and dearne^ ot
labor. If the agitation now in existence is succr--—
ful a reduction of the toriii will Imve tho effect of
largely increasing the import or Jirnish iion into
America. And liom thestiony recommendations of
Mr. Cotiunif>Muner Wells theic seem> good grounds
tor anticipating, at all events, a reduction it not an
entire abolition ot the impure duties on iron and
steel. The labors of a year have been compiled and
presented to Congress by Commi>iioner Weils but
it is almost too muehto expcctO.mgress to beguidcd
by tho report. Ltis his fourth annual statement, bar-
neither ot the thi eo pi edccc-^sors have boon heeded,
ilis leanmgis too obviously toward lreo trade to sun
the protectionists controlling the pro.-ent action, vot-
ing report has been read with as much inteie^t and
has created ii.s proiouud :> sensation a*- any document
published this yo,n\"~J>nui'<n/ S, ISiU.
"The iron trade ot (Jreat Ihifain will be glad to
know ih<io the peoplo ot tlie Um ted Si atcs are h.< v-
ing their serious attention drawn to tho heavy pro-
tective duties which theirGoverninenf. imposes upon
them. For overv ton ot pig nam which goes hom
this eountxy to the United Slates an iuipoiif duty oi
nine dollars is paid. .Mr. Comim^ioncr W ells pro-
poses to lower the duty to three dollar", but the It ec-
traders say a,bolish it altogether, it the American
iron-masters cannot m;ike iron without this heavy
duty, surely the whole people of the United States
should not he taxed for tho exclusive benefit of
few. The American capitalists must be salhhed
with the ordinary profit ot a competitive trade, it
this ?« not hvjjicicnt for tiuni thou uiw>t uive up the uuii-
—Joau,<ii u lo, 1JT0.
"The iron trade of this conniry occupies a prom-
inent position m the discussion now taking fiiace in
the council chambers ot Washington and I .in*.
With regard to the United States, we havojac
utmost faith in the good sen.-o ot the American
people on tho question of the heavy import duties
