5384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
in its breadth, in its height; and in its depth, in
its consequences, and in its Scope that has yet
been thrust upon the American people. We
have not invited it. I think no man expected
it, when in a thoughtless ebullition of feeling,
and influenced undoubtedly by the uncommon
personal qualities, the brilliancy, the eloquence,
the genial and captivating manners of the Chi-
nese embassador, Mr. Burlingafae, the Govern-
ment agreed to a tte&ty, the most one-sided,
the most unnecessary, and in its operation, I
greatly fear, the most injurious which this
country has ever negotiated. What remains
for ug now to do, as it seems to me, so long as
that treaty stands, is to mitigate the effects of
it as mneh as possible; so far as we can to dis-
courage the movement of human beings from
the coast of Asia to our own shores; and at
all events to divest it of some of the direful
evils which attend it. This we must do, and
do at once. We cannot palter with a move-
ment which menaces the labor of this country
in its very existence.
It is a known fact in history that wherever
these nomadic hordes of Chinese laborers, hav-
ing no tie to their own soil except that extraor-
dinary one of burial there, have gone through-
out the entire Bast they have rooted out and
annihilated the native labor and substituted
their own. I ask, does any one propose such
a result for this country? I think if any man
does propose it^seriously he has not exam-
ined the subject; he certainly does n'ot under-
stand it as I do. Never until I see it will 1
believe that the hardy workingmen of the Uni-
ted States, the body of our people, to whose
manhood we owe the result of the late trernen-"
dous war, will quietly submit to be trodden
out and extinguished as the pliant natives of
Asia liave been under the desolating march of
this terrible population.
Not only that: their presence among us in
ally great numbers goes to the base of the
whole moral strength of our society, to the
existence of our society itself. It threatens
to supplant the entire Christian forces of our
civilization by forces which are not merely
Asiatic, but pagan. I believe that the forced
importation of these people is but a fragment
of the evil. The real danger is behind all that.
It is in the presence at all of the Chinese in
our country in any considerable numbers as a
permanent element. How easily might they
be among us in overwhelming numbers. They
are one third of the human race. The single
province of Canton, lying over against Cali-
fornia, could, out of the surplus of its twelve
to fifteen million laborers, swamp the whole
Pacific coast and all the States and Territories
west of the Mississippi.
However, I do not propose to discuss that
view now. I merely record it as my judgment
of what we must come to upon this subject.
I say so for two general reasons. One is, that
the Chinese are a race, as a race, entirely dis-
similar from any race with which we have ever
had to deal; entirely different from any of
those European races which we have received
here, and which wo have assimilated witli
such wonderful success. They not only have
no political ideas akin to ours, bat, so far as
we can judge, they are incapable of them.
The Asiatic has not now, and never had, any
conception of government except as a vast
centralized despotism.
In dealing with other races we know that we
deal with them as races who have been trained
in some sort to the same general ideas of gov-
ernment as ourselves ; not So fully developed,
undoubtedly, but still with the true germinal
ideas of government. Those are the races with
whom we have had to deal. We never have
bad to deal with Asiatic races upon any large
scale. So long as there were but few of them
it Was simply a sentimental question, k ques-
tion of speculation, a question to be philoso-
phized a,bout. It is so no longer. It has
passed out of that comparatively harmless
phase. It is rapidly assuming proportions
which it is impossible for me adequately to
describe.
I need not say anything of their pagan forms
of belief, although I regard them as an im-
portant element also. While religious opin-
ion is free as air in the United States, yet our
civilization and freedom are based upon a gen-
eral plan of morals, and of political and reli-
gious ideas which have never been found apart
from some form of Christianity, and which
bring us into relations with the rest of Chris-
tendom. I will not dwell upon this view,
which is really too grave for an extempore
discussion.
In one word, I demand of Senators, do they
think that we can afford to surrender to an
Asiatic civilization, to the Chinese ideas in
morals and religion, the great underlying
Christian forces of American civilization and
of American freedom. Of course if any man
here or elsewhere thinks we can, I have no argu-
ment to make with him. He and I cannot
discuss this question, because we have no com-
mon starting point, no common point of view.
I address myself to others, not to him.
I am pleading here, far less forcibly than I ,
could wish, for my people on the Pacific coast. |
They are the outposts of your civilization. It; ,
is in no disposition to flatter or to pay my court ;
to them that I speak of them as, taken alto-
gether, perhaps the most remarkable commu-
nity which American history has to show. By
your arms and by your diplomacy, you have
given them there such aland as the sun no-
where else looks upon; a land endowed with
every advantage of climate, of soil, of produc-
tions possible to be found in any one State of the
world ; in sober truth, without any figure of
speech, as it seems to me, the last and best gift
of a good Providence to the American race.
In the watches of the night my thoughts have
been filled with alarm lest that in any conceiv-
able contingency that land is to be occupied by .
a race of Asiatics to the exclusion of the free,
progressive, intelligent people to whom it be-
longs.
What wonder if sometimes the hearts of that
people are stirred with indignation ? Your own
blood runs in their veins. They resent as a
cruel oppression the policy which exposes their
lovely land and themselves, and those that are
dearest to them to be scourged by these Asiatic
hordes ; perhaps by and by to be driven out
by them, or trodden under foot.
I did not mean to be drawn, even partially,
into any discussion of the general subject. It
is entirely too vast for this late period of the
session ; still more so for these wholly extem-
pore remarks. I meant merely to present my
views upon the main features of the amend-
ments which 1 have offered.
A few words more and I shall close.
Congress has great powers over this subject.
Furthermore—I say it in no spirit of reproach,
but in justification of this appeal that I make
to you—chooses to reserve to itself nearly all
the powers, greatly limiting the powers of the
States in the premises. Claiming those powers,
claiming the right to wield them, and to wield
them alone, the responsibility upon Congress
is far greater than it otherwise would be. In
that view I wish to press upon the most earn-
est, patient, and disinterested attention of this
body the measures ot relief contained in the
amendments offeied. After all, they do but
treat the evil on the surface. It will be some-
thing gained, however, if we derive from your
legislation some protection against the great
mischiefs which afflict us now, and the greater
mischiefs which threaten us in the future, mis-
chiefs which first come upon us on the Pacific
coast, but which already menace you even in
the heart of your eastern States.
Mr. STEWART. I am very anxious to pass
this bill 
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Axtitoxy
in the ehair.) With the consent of the Senator
from Nevada, the Chair will present certain bills
from the House of Representatives for reference,
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
A bill (H. B. No. 2269) making additional
approbations, and to supply the deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal years ending June
SO, 1870, and June SO, 1871, and for other pur-
poses—to the Committee on Appropriations.
A bill (H. R. No. 915) to regulate the mode
of determining the ratification of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States pro-
posed by Congress, and for other purposes
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 3G0) to explain
an act approved March 3,1859—to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 859) in re-
lation to enlistments into the Marine corps, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have reported a bill exactly like that to
the Senate, and I ask that that bill be put upon
its passage. It is entirely right. It will take
only a moment.
Mr. STEWART. I beg the Senator not to
do that. I am afraid we shall lose this servile
labor bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then I ask that the bill lie
on the table for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will withdraw the bill now and present it again
to-morrow morning.
CONTHACXS If OR, SEBVILB LABOR.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
073) to prohibit contracts for servile labor.
Mr. STEWART. As I was about remark-
ing, I am exceedingly anxious to have this
little bill passed. It is alleged, and I believe
it is true, that contracts are made for the im-
portation of Chinamen, providing for long
terms of service. It is further alleged that the
Chinese are so situated on account of their
religion, and on account of the security they
give at home, that they dare net break these
contracts or giveitiformation in regard to them.
This little bill provides simply that any eon-
tracts, any part of the consideration of which
is the transportation or passage to this country
or from this country of any person, and which
provides for a longer period of service than six
months, shall be void ; and that the enforcing
or attempting to enforce that kind of a con-
tract shall be a misdemeanor. It also provides
for a punishment by fine of not less than $1,000
nor more than $5,000, one half of the fine to
go to the informer. That is necessary on ac-
count of the difficulty of getting at, the facts
in these cases. Somebody must be interested
in ferreting them out, in tjie hope of seeming
a pecuniary reward. The other half is to go
to the alien, provided lie desires to return to
his native county, under such regulations as
the court may prescribe. That will relieve him
so that he can give information. If his family
is pledged as security for the performance, of
his contract, this will give him money enough
to return and redeem his family.
This is regarded by those who have inves-
tigated the subject, as an effective bill. It is
ail that we can get at this session. It is all
that has been examined by the Judiciary Com-
mittee. It is to prevent, if possible, the im-
portation of coolies. If this does that woik,
other bills may be examined and other legisla-
tion may be had hereafter. I wish to prevent
the importation of Chinese coolies. While I
am doing that 1 do not wish to pass any law
that will interfere with, the free immigration of
other people who are not coolies, who df-sire
to come to this country, and who have the
right to come here under on? treaties. 1 do
not wish to go so far as to violate our frea'v
stipulations ; but still, 1 feel it important, 1
know it is important, to stop this importation
of Chia,:-se coolies, if it exists, and 1 .believe
