iim
IWfi *00 JS"GrEESSiOSTAL GLOBE.
March 1,
b^les of cotton by Union Boldiecs in Missis-
sippi, which cotton she alleges vaa given to
her by a gentleman in Memphis in place of
money which he had borrowed from Her prior
to the rebellion; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of A.
J. Fowler, of Texas, praying the removal of
his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr, WILLIAMS presented a petition of
citizens of Oregon, praying for the establish-
ment of a post road from Astoria to Forest
Grove, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
California and Oregon, praying for the estab-
lishment of a post road from Camp Bidwell,
California, via Goose Creek Valley, to Warner,
in the State of Oregon ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
Elbert H. English, of Arkansas, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Arkansas, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. BAYARDpresenteda memorial of War-
ner Leland, R. T. Stuart, and others, of the
city of New York, praying that the provisions
of the internal revenue law imposing a tax of
five per cent, on the rental value of all hotels be
repealed, and that hotels be put on the same
footing as private boarding-houses, which pay
no tax on their rental, or that the law be so
modified that the tax shall not fall so heavily
on the class of people engaged in the preca-
rious business of hotel-keeping; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a memorial of
William C. Dunham and others, citizens of
Richmond, Virginia, praying an appropriation
of $200,000 for the removal of obstructions
and for deepening the channel of James, river
in Virginia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of W. H. Hansborough, Virginia; of G. W.
Dyson, Virginia; of P. B. Pendleton, Vir-
ginia; of John W. Overly, Virginia; of A.
W. C. Nowlin, Virginia; of C. F. M. Spotto-
weod, Virginia; of Richard Parker, Virginia;
ofR. L. Coleman,Virginia; ofD. A. Carter,
Virginia; of Thomas H. Huntoa, Virginia;
of S. B. Burgess, Virginia; of John William-
son, Virginia: of George W. Kyle, Virginia;
of D. W. K. Bowles, Virginia; of E. B. Hern-
don, Virginia; of G. H. Damron, Virginia;
of William T. Carter, Virginia; of J. Overby,
Virginia; of Samuel R. Wortham, Virginia;
of B. M. Page, Virginia; of Thomas H. King,
Virginia; of John L. Sinclair, Virginia; of
Thomas A. Brown, Virginia; of M. McKen-
nie, Virginia; of Isaac L. Weil, Virginia; of
E. P. Tucker, Virginia; of P. C. Goffey, Vir-
ginia ; of E. N. Price, Virginia; of W. W.
Anderson, Virginia; of T. W". Shelton, Vir-
ginia; of Joseph Hodgson, Virginia; of Alex-
ander Shepherd, Virginia; of C. J. Cash, Vir-
ginia ; of T. S. Tune, Virginia; of William
H. Gold, Virginia; of F. N. Watkins, Vir-
ginia; of Maatin Barnes, Virginia; of William
A. Saunders, Virginia; of T. F. Perkins, Vir-
ginia; of Joseph H. Turner, Virginia; of
Montilla Clark, Virginia; of Thomas Taylor,
Virginia; of Thomas A. Barbour, Virginia;
of 0. B. Thomas, Virginia; of W. G. Flour-
noy, Virginia; of J. B. Davis, Virginia; of
Simon Jbnes, Virginia; of Joseph Orgain,
Virginia; of Edward J. Tune, Virginia; of A.
J. Brent, Virginia; and of Thomas E. Pullen,
Virginia, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities; which were referred to the
'ect Committee on the Removal of Political
iJisabiuties.
Mr. SPENCER. I present the petition of
William Powers, a resident citizen of the city
of Huntsville, county of Madison, State of
Alabama, representing that he is now an aged
man and infirm ; that he was in the active ser-
vice of his country as a soldier in the Army
in the war of 1812, 1813, and 1814 with Great
Britain; that he served in campaigns with Gen-
eral Jackson, and was honorably discharged
from further service; that in theyearl863,during
the time that the Union troops under the com-
mand of General Stanley, in the month of J uly,
occupied the country around and the city of
Huntsville, there were taken and seized from
him, for the use of the Army of the Union,
horses, mules, corn, and other articles to the
value of $597; and that in the same year, in
the month of November, the Union soldiers
under command of General Crook seized more
property of the petitioner, consisting of pork,
hogs, wagon-gear, and other articles, to the
value of $508. He therefore prays compensa-
tion for the los&s sustained by him. I move
the reference of this petition to the Committee
on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL PIBBCE.
Mr. FERRY. I see that Senate bill No.
283, for the relief of Samuel Pierce, is entered
on the Calendar as being reported by me with-
out amendment. This is an error. The report
was adverse to the bill, and the report was
ordered to be printed. I should like to take
up the bill now and move its rejection, so as
to get it off the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be regarded as rejected,
and taken off the Calendar.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table:
By Mr. CHANDLER: A petition from citi-
zens of Michigan.
By Mr. CASSERLY: Two petitions from
citizens of California.
ORDBR OF BC9INE8S.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to call up this
morning the bill to change the judicial circuits.
I think it is a bill we ought to have early action
upon. I hope that it will be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall make the motion
as soon as it is in order.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say that my
colleague yesterday morning submitted a reso-
lution, and gave notice that he would ask the
indulgence of the Senate for a few minutes to-
day to submit some remarks on the resolution.
My colleague does not wish to run over the
morning hour so as to interfere with the spe-
cial order for to-day; and I shall be glad if
the Senate will indulge him in that matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are now in order; but the Senator
from Iowa asks unanimous consent that the
resolution of his colleague may be called up.
Mr. ABBOTT. Let us make our reports.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
REPORTS OF COMSIIIT®B8.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 319) to extend the time for presenting
claims for additional bounties, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. DRAKE, from thq Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) concerning col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Mechanics'
State Council of California, in favor of the
jmssage of an eight-hoar law that will posi-
tively require that the public work shall be
done at eight-hours for a day's work, making
it a penal offense for officers and contractors
to evade its provisions, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
i (H. R. No. 887) for the relief of Harriet R.
! Clinton, reported it without amendment, and
' submitted a report; which was ordered to be
| printed.
! He also, from the same committee, to whom
, was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
145) for the relief of William R. Rutherford
and George Kains, of the first Michigan cav-
alry volunteers, reported it without amend-
; ment, and submitted a report; which was
j ordered to be printed.
' He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 527) for the relief
1 of William F. Scott, late adjutant fourth Iowa
cavalry volunteers, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printedi
Mr. REVELS, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom was referred the
petition of William Hamlett Morgan, praying
the appointment of a committee to examine
Comstock's system of phonetics, and to report
whether the system ought to be taught at the
Military Academy at West Point and at the
Naval School at Annapolis, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
PRINTING FOR STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 75) in relation to the printing for
the use of the Department of State of addi-
tional copies of documents emanating from that
Department, have instructed me to report it
back with an amendment. This is a joint reso-
lution to give to the Secretary of State the same
powers that are given to certain other heads
of Departments. I ask to have it put on its
passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
i Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that
hereafter, in addition to the number of copies
of documents emanating from the Department
of State which may be ordered to be printed
by either House of Congress, it shall be the
duty of the Congressional Printer to cause to
be printed, for the use of that Department, fifty
'1 copies of every such document, except when
, a larger number shall be specifically ordered
by either or both Houses.
; The Committee on Printing reported the fol-
lowing amendments: to strikeout "fifty" in
line seven and insert "five hundred;" and in
' line eight to strike out the words "except when
a larger number shall be specifically ordered by
either or both Houses" and to insert "when
requested to do so by the Secretary of State ;"
so that the clause will read:
It shall be the duty of the Congressional Printer
to cause to be printed, for the use of that Depart-
ment, five hundred copies of every such document
; when requested to do so by the Seoretary of State.
The amendment was agreed to.
i The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
! ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
I curred in. The joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time, and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Stuart Barnes, late
II captain and assistant quartermaster United States
11 volunteers, praying to be relieved from his account-
i ability for losses sustain ed while in the Army, so that
he may be enabled to draw his pay, be taken from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
G03) to incorporate the Metropolitan Presby-
terian church of the city of Washington; which
