1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4441
people. No nation can be great unless she
places a proper estimate upon both her power
and her obligations of duty,
Mr. AMBLER obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to rise to a privileged question. I have a
report to make from the conference committee.
Mr. AMBLER. I have no objection to
yielding for that purpose; but of course I do
not desire it to come out of my time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
not, of course, come out of the gentleman's
time.
whits of ellboe.
Mr. POLAND. Before the gentleman from
Massachusetts proceeds, I ask him to yield to
me for a moment to enable me to report from
the Committee on Revision of Laws a bill to
which there will be no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to report back the bill (H. 11. No. 1761) re-
lating to the effect of writs of error to the
Supreme Court of the United States, with a
view to put it upon its passage.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that whenever a writ of error, which
operates as a siipei aedeas or stay of execution
of the judgment in the court below, shall be
dismissed in the Supreme Court for defects of
form of procedure only, and not by a judgment
upon the merits, and another writ of error on
the same judgment shall be allowed, such writ
of error, when sued out and allowed, return-
able to the next term of the court after such
dismissal, shall operate as a supersedeas and
stay of execution of the judgment sought to be
reversed, in the-s,ime manner and to the same
extent as the original writ if it had been issued
without defect in the form of procedure, upon
the plaintiff giving good and sufficient security
to the judge or justice signing the citation that
the plaintiff in error shall prosecute his writ
with effect and answer all damages and costs
if he fail to make his piea good.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope some
gentleman who is a lawyer will explain to us
what all those hard words mean.
Mr. WOODWARD. With the permission
of the gentleman from Vermont,[Mr. Poland.]
1 move to amend the bill by inserting alter the
words "writ of error'' the words ''and upon
appeals in equity cases."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordeied to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed,
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JSUSIXESS OF COMAMTTEK OP Cf.AIM.S.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
desire to ask the unanimous consent m the
House that Saturday next, after the morning
hour, be assigned tor the consideration of
reports from the Committee oi Claims.
Mr. KELLKY. 1 desire to move that when
the House adjourns on Friday it adjourn to J
meet on Monday. _ '
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that motion wut
prevail. ,,,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
simply ask that that shall be the order in case
the House meets on Saturday. _
Mr. DAWES. I hope the motion ot the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kli.li-a"] will
not prevail.
Mr. KXuIjLEY. I We A . t ,
The. SPEAKER. The question is not tie-
batable.
The question was put on Mr. Ivellky s mo-
tion; and there were—ayes thirty, noes not
counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I now
move that Saturday next, after the morning
hour, be assigned for the consideration of re-
ports from the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the motion
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABANDONED PltOPIiMY.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
submit a report from a conference committee.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Jiouses on the amendments of the
Senate to the joint resolution (H. It. No. 173) to en-
able the Seei-etary of tire Treasury to collect wrecked
and abandoned property, derelict claims, and dues
belonging to the United States, having met, after
lull and tree confer en eu havo agreed to recommend,
anil do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House recede horn their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of tho Senate, and a^roe to
the same, with the following amendment: insert m
line seven, alter the word " States," the word " and."
That the Senate recede from tlieii third amend-
ment, and agree to the words proposed to bestrieken
out, with tho following amendment: insert in line
eight, after the word "interests," tho following:
"fitely in the possession of or due to the so-called
confederate States or their agents, and now,'"
That the House recede trom their disagreement to
the fourth amendment of the Senate, and a^ree to
the same,
J. A. PETERS,
STEVENSON ARCHER.
SlTunitotiri on the pint o1 the Iloute.
JOHN SHERMAN,
WILIM lit) V AKNER,
WILLIAM T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the purl of the Senate.
The question was upon agreeing to the
report.
Mr. BROOKS, of New Y'ork. Allow me to
suggest to the gentleman from Massachusetts
who presents this report [Mr. Butler] that
both Mr. Peters and Mr. Archer, who signed
this report, are absent from the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
propose to antagonize this report; it was agreed
that I should present it, although I did not sign
it. I only wish to state how the matter stands,
and then I suppose the House will adopt the
report.
This bill is one to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to make contracts with such per-
sons as he may think the interest of the public
service requires to collect, wrecked, abandoned,
and derelict property in the United States. As
the bill passed the House there was a provis-
ion enabling the Secretary also to make con-
tacts for collecting dues and moneys belonging
to the United States. But the Senate seemed
to think it might not be well to put that power
in the hands of the Secretary; and, as I am in-
formed, the Secretary himself concurred with
them. They therefore amended the bill, and
the House refusing to agree to the amendment,
the question came before the conference com-
mittee. After examination a majority of the
conferees on the part of the House agreed to
the amendment of the Senate, with an amend-
ment. That report has been adopted by the
Senate, and I now move that it be adopted by
the House.
The report of the committee of conference
was then adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
coal.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous consent
to make a privileged report. I am instructed
by the Committee of Wajs and Means, in
accordance with a resolution passed by the
House the other day, to report a bill to relieve
coal from all taxation, and for other purposes.
I make this reoort because the committee are
not entirely agreed upon, the subject. The
chairman of the committee .[Mr. Sohejtok] is.
absent on business to which he has been as-
signed by order of the House. The acting
chairman of the committee, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoopee,] not concurring:
in this bill, desires to submit on behalf of the-
minority another form of bill. I ask that they
both bq printed and referred to the Committee-
of the Whole.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. On behalf
of the minority of the Committee of Ways and
Means I offer a substitute.
Mr. LAFLIN. Doesthis require unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. LAFLIN. I think I must object, for
the reason that my colleague,[Mr. Ward,] who
introduced the resolution on which this pro-
posed legislation is based, is now absent from
the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that objection isill
be withdrawn.
Mr. HAMILL. I shall renew it.
CTJBA.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
upon the condition of Cuba.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio.
[Mr. Amrt.er] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will give way I will move that tho
House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Should that motion be
carried it would cut off the evening session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will move that the House take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The House has already
ordered that a recess shall be taken at half past
four o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I made
the motion only oat of courtesy to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Amjji.er.]
Mr. AMBLER. I am very well content to
go on now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well;
I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. AMBLER addressed the House, and
had not concluded his remarks, when,
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the House, pursuant to order, took a
recess until half past seven.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, pursuant to order, reassembled
at half past seven o'clock, Mr. Gari'IIM), of
Ohio, Speaker pro tempore-
order 01' business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. The House
resumes the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs in relation to Cuba. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] has the floor.
Mr. STILES. I wish to inquire if any busi-
ness is to be transacted to-night.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chan-
understands that the session this evening is
for the consideration of the joint resolution in
reference to Cuba.
Mr. STILES. Will anything be in order
except debate?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the House took a recess without
making any order specially as to that.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ambler] yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. AMBLER. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to make a propo-
sition. It seems to me that inasmuch as the
majority of the committee would have an hour
to-morrow to close the debate alter tho pre-
vious question is called, and as they have had
during this day's session twice the time that
bas been occupied by the minority of the com-
mittee, it is nothing more than bur that Uit
minority of the committee should have one
