1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rials, cheap machinery, and a fair field, and
they can defy the world in the success, diver-
sity, and growth of their industries. It is the
constant but always insincere and often offen-
sive pretense of the protectionists that Amer-
ican mechanics must be protected against
foreign competition by high tariffs. I warn
gentlemen that our matchless, skillful, and in-
telligent mechanics cannot always be deceived
by such thin chaff'. They are rapidly discov-
ering that this is only the delusive and deceit-
ful cry of bounty-fed and protected plunderers;
men who have gathered tribute from their toil
and earnings for a generation, and who now
demand a renewed extension of legalized rob-
bery. It does the wool-growers no service to
put into their hands a trifling increase in the
price of their wools if at the same time you
cunningly abstract from two to five times as
much from their pockets. It is an aggra\^ition
of their distress to increase duties when the
increase will not benefit them at all, but will
only double the tribute to be paid on what they
consume to the protected manufacturers. The
great West and South are becoming conscious
to what extent they are thus victimized by New
England. It is time their Representatives were
awakening to a sense of their responsibility in
becoming allies of New England in imposing
these dishonest burdens on their own people.
Mr. Chairman, I want to call the attention
of the committee to a paragraph from the
report of our own commission, sent to the Uni-
versal Exposition at Paris in 1867, on this sub- I
ject:
"The first impression made upon an American
manufacturer by an observation of the woolen man-
ufactures of Europe, as Ui&played at the Exposition, j
is of the immeasurable advantage wlueli the woolen
manufacturer of Europe has in the command ot an 1
unlimited supply ot wool and other raw material of j
ovory variety tree of duty." ,
Again, th.it able report states in terms of
great earnestness, intensified by the personal
observation and intelligent inquiry of the com-
missioners at thatremarkableinternational dis-
play of the results of the world's progress in
woolen productions:
" The advantages which the European enjoys over
the .American in the command of an unlimited sup-
ply of every variety of wool cannot be overestimated.
The range of fabrication of the American^manufac-
turer in clothing and combing wools is limited to the
produce of American flocks, under the almost pro-
hibitory duty upon those wools. The European can
select from the peculiar products of every climate
and soil of the whole world. Hence the infinite vari-
e'y of European manufactures, and hence the capa-
city of the European manufacturer to relieve him-
self from home competition by changing at pleasure
the character of his fabrics."
This is the testimony of practical and com-
petent citizens of our country accredited by
our Government to visit that exposition. _ It
is certainly entitled to more respect and weight
than any of the interested statements of the
organs of monopoly and exclusion.
1 want also to invite the attention oi the
committee to the fact, that from the day that
England adopted the policy of free trade m
wool the amount of wool grown, manufac-
tured, exported, and consumed in Great Britain
has annually increased, and with great profit to
the whole country. The experience of France
is to the same effect, and it is shown in a re-
cent report of M. Baudrillard to the emperor
of the French on this subject, in which it is
proved that when the duty on wool was re-
duced from 33 to 22 per cent, ail valorem the
price of wool increased, and was maintained at
from 6 to 8 per cent, above the former rates.
In that report M. Baudrillard states:
"The home product is not sufficient for the daily
increasing wants of our industry. Every cheek thrown
in the way of the latter affects its activity. As soon
as the manufacturers cannot procure foreign wools
they decrease their production, beeausc they can-
not find at home the required qualities ; and 11 reach
wool, which they would have used to mix in, lies
about in tho markets."
The statistical tables of England lead ex-
actly to the same conclusions : high duty, low
wool at home; moderate duty or free wool,
and prices good at home.
This is the very philosophy of example; it
utterly overthrows all the specious theories of
the exclusionists and shows that their policy
is not inspired by any intelligent desire to pro-
mote the interests of wool-growing or of agri-
culture, but only those of monopoly, of exces*
sive and sectional tariff burdens to enrich the
few, in a spirit of indifference if not contempt
for the people, the consumers and tax-payers.
The same experience was developed under
the almost free-trade policy of the German
Zollverein. I could multiply evidences to any
extent of the truth and uniformity of these
results. Under our foolish policy our wool
product has been depressed and has greatly
fallen off. To-day the number of sheep in
England alone is fully equal to that in the
United States, about 30,000,000 head, and
our number is not equal to that in France or
European Russia, nor is it relatively equal to
that in Prussia or Spain. What the nations
need in these products is the nearest practi-
cable approach to free trade, so that each may
avail itself'of the differing wool material of the
others. Wools are greatly affected in their
intrinsic qualities by soil and climate and many
unknown agencies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. KELLIiY. I would invite the attention
of gentlemen from the wool-growing districts
of the country to one or two facts. The exist-
ing tariff, as well as the bill reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, imposes a very
high duty on woolen rags as well as a high duty
oil the several grades of wool. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] says that free trade
has promoted the advancement of English
woolen manufactures. Sir, let me read to him
from the report of a parliamentary commission
to inquire into the best means of preventing the
pollution of rivers, presented to both houses
of Parliament, by command of her Majesty, in
18GG. Here is a description of what shoddy is :
" Shoddy is the produce of soft woolen rags, such
as old worn-out cal pels, llannels, Guernseys^stock-
ings, and similar fabrics." - "These
woolen rn.gs arc collected, packed in hales, and are
imported trom Russia, Egypt, Turkey, t lie entire area
ot Europe, India, China, and in fact from all parts
ot the world where woolen garments nvo worn and
rags produced and can be collected. They come to
Yorkshire from districts where plague, fever, small-
pox, and loathsome skm diseases extensively prevail.
The bales are opened, and the ra*s are" ' *
" placed in machines which break un, tear,
separate, and cleanse the fiber for manufacture uses."
How much of these rags from the pest-houses,
the poor-houses, the hospitals of Europe come
incompetition with American wool? And what
hasitdone fortlielionor and position of British
manufactures?
" Tho shoddy trade, as now carried on i-n the West.
Hiding, is a remarkable instance of tho utilization of
waste material. Tho term 'shoddy' was,in the first
instance, one of reproach, but this has ceased to be.
Shoddy now enters into honorable companionship m
official returns with British and foreign wools, mo-
hair, silk, and cotton, and is used byjmanufact.urers
throughout the woolen and worsted districts. By re-
oent, returns (1863) tho total weight of wool and goats '
hair, of homo and foreign growth, used was about
310,000,000 pounds; the total weight of snoddy
I ask gentlemen to listen to this, for it shows
the extent to which shoddy has entered into
woolen manufactures in England—
"The total weight of shoddy and extracts for tho
sl.me period was about T-f-Ol) 1,0JO pounds, or so^nc
33.739 tons; so that shoddy now forms near onofifth,
by weight, of tho woolen and worsted manufacture of
the district. The woolen trade of GreatBritain could
not be oarricd on to its present extent without
shoddy."
Sir, I want the farmers of America and our
workingmen to be clothed in honest wool, and
not in shoddy from the pest-houscs._1.hp. small-
pox hospitals, anfl every other point from which
rags can be gathered. Before the introduc-
tion of this element in her manufactures Eng-
land produced the finest cloths in the world,
and was the first woolen manufacturing na-
tion. To-day, although she produces more than
any other nation, she stands the fifth in char-
acter of goods, as adjudged at the late national
exposition in France.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL. I move toamend the amend-
ment by striking Out the last word, and I beg ,
the indulgence of the committee for the five
minutes allowed, and toward the close of my
remarks, at all events, I will not wander far
from the question. I wish to make remarks
in continuation of the discussion last evening
between myself and my colleague, [Mr. John-
sow.]
California contains a population of about
700,000 persons; of these 170,000 reside in the
city of San Francisco. The total population
of the State is less than that of the city of Phil-
adelphia. California has inclosed 4,523,607
acres of land, as productive as any in the world.
The climate is singularly mild, soft, and equable,
knowing no winter. There was cultivated last
year of arable land 2,165,776 acres, producing
19,738,413,bushels of wheat, 7,331,333 bushels
of barley, and 1,000,000 bushels of corn, or
about 40 bushels of grain to each man, woman,
and child in the State. There was also produced
a great store of potatoes, oats, rye, beans, peas,
and buckwheat. There was also made 9,402,364
pounds of cheese, 5,571,132 pounds of butter,
479,425 pounds of honey, and such a profusion
of fruits and berries that the earth was literally
covered with them and the air redolent with
their perfume. Besides 2,587,764 gallons of
pure wine were made from her 22,000,000
vi nes, which crown and adorn her sun-clad hills.
Time would fail me to speak of the 2,137,948
sheep which roam her pastures, careless of
winter, and her neat cattle and horses, which
are in full proportion to her other agricultural
resources.
In the light of these facts I propose to in-
quire for a moment into the cause of the des-
titution in San Francisco, a statement of which
made to this House by my colleague from the
third district yesterday startled the members
and the country—a statement that three thou-
sand stalwart, willing laborers were parading
the streets of that city clamoring for work and
bread, and were only kept from rapine and
plunder by an immense force of police. These
facts should give us pause. In this strange
contrast of overflowing plenty and savage
want somebody's theories will be apt to get
hurt. California produces more of agricul-
tural products, according to her population,
than any State in this Union ; San Francisco
has more commerce, according to her size,
than Philadelphia. Yet in San Francisco the
laborer clamors in vain for bread, while in
Philadelphia there is enough and to spare.
Who can read me this riddle? Is not the solu-
tion found in the single word, manufactures?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The remarks
of tho honorable gentleman from California
[Mr. Axtell] which he made yesterday, and
which he has fortified by figures just now, de-
mand my attention. 1 hold in my hand a
circular issued by the house of A. T. Stew-
art, of New York, who was nominated by
President Grant as his Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in which Mr. Stewart states the duties on
woolen blankets, by the act of 1867, which this
bill repeals, to range from 117 to 312 per cent.
ad valorem. Now, the honorable gentleman
from California [Mr. Axtell] tells us that he
hopes we shall not rcduce the tariff on woolen
goods. Sir, if that be the doctrine of the De-
mocracy of California, the Democratic party
there is not worth preserving. If that be the
Democratic creed, there or elsewhere, it never
can be maintained. A protection on blankets
of from 117 to 312 per cent, is something
which I think the great body of the Demo-
cratic party will nowhere be ready to defend.
The proper way to protect the American
laborer in California is notby a duty upon steel,
iron, agricultural implements, and raw mate-
rials of all sorts which the Cahfornians need;
it is to adopt a measure of prohibition or pro-
tection for the benefit ot American labor, by
the exclusion of Chinese immigration, luat
is a far better mode of protecting'ihe American
laborer in California than any tariffs that can
