1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
41st Cong....2b Sess.
Internal Tax—Mr. MorreU.
Ho. of Reps.
denee either that he meant to include " a fair
allowance for repairs and incidentals." Yet
all these things are elements in the cost of pro-
ducing iron. The Commissioner suppresses a
portion—an important portion—of Mr. Hewitt's
statement.
Mr. Hewitt, whom the Commissioner mis-
quotes, testifies that the Lehigh valley is the
cheapest region for the manufacture of pig iron
in the United States; and if it there costs twenty-
four dollars a ton, not including royalty or in-
terest on capital invested, and if Mr. Hewitt is
"one of the best-recognized authorities 011 the
subject of the iron manufacture of the United
States," as the Commissioner says he is, what
becomes of the testimony of Mr. Lewis, Mr.
Saekett, Mr. Tuthill, and others who have an
abundance of "old memorandum books," but
no status as iron manufacturers, that iron can
be made for much less than twenty-four dollars ?
I leave the Commissioner to reconcile the con-
flicting testimony of his own witnesses as best
he can.
freights ox pig ikon.
In his annual report the Commissioner made
the statement with regard to freights on pig
iron, that " if the duty on pig iron were entirely
removed the American producer in the inte-
rior would still enjoy a protection in the cost
of transportation to the extent of at least $1 50
per ton for every one hundred miles that inter-
vene between the place of production and a
port of entry which circumstance renders the
transport oi a single pound of foreign pig iron
to any considerable distance into the interior
a matter of ordinary commercial impossibil-
ity." The inaccuracy of both branches of this
statement was shown in the majority report,
and now the Commissioner, in his letter to the
minority, unwittingly reaches tlie same conclu-
sion. The point made in the majority report
against the Commissioner was, that through
freights on foreign importations are always
much less than local freights on like home pro-
ductions, the American manufacturer in the
interior being thus discriminated against in-
stead oi protected, as the Commissioner hud
alleged. In his letter to the minority the Com
missioner does not deny the truth of this state-
ment, but claims that—
"It costs wliat he represents io meyo pis iron from
the Pennsylvania iron districts to PiiiJauclp.il.'>. or
New York; from New York into the interior of that
"Which is a begging of the whole question.
Foreign pig iron is delivered at Philadelphia
and New York without the payment of inland
freights, while the Commissioner says that com-
peting Pennsylvania iron must pay $1 50 a ton
freight for every hundred miles it is transported
before reaching the same markets. Kew York
and New England do not manufacture, iron to
any extent, and receive most of their supplies
either from Europe or distant parts oi bie
Union. Admitting that the freight on fmeign
and domestic iron to the " interior' ot Isuw
York or New England would be the same, what
becomes of the " protection'' of ?1 50 a ton
for every hundred miles the domestic ai'tic.o
is transported? There are few furnaces in
the "interior of Iowa, Missouri, Illinois, or
Indiana," and if foreign iron can be delivered
at St. Louis and Chicago cheaper than it can
he transported to those markets from the Cum-
berland river and northern Alabama, as the
majority proved, would not the same freight
charges from those points to points in the in-
terior apply to domestic as well as foreign iron'?
And if so, what again becomes of the •' pro-
tection" of $1 50 a ton on American iron?
The other branch of his proposition, namely,
that "the transport of a single pound of for-
eign pig iron to any considerable distance into
the interior is a matter of ordinary commercial
impossibility," the Commissioner himself re-
futes by quoting the cost of Scotch pig iron in
the Chicago market, almost a thousand miles
from tide-water. •
ELASTIC WEEBiyO.
In his annual report the Commissioner com-
plained of the tariff on elastic webbing used in
the manufacture of women's, misses', and chil-
dren's shoes, which tariff he alleged to be
equivalent to a "tax" of five cents on each
pair of shoes into the manufacture of which
webbing enters as a constituent. Upon the
plea that undervaluations of imported webbing
are "most extensive and difficult of detection,"
the Commissioner recommended a change from
ad valorem to specific duties. The majority
of the Committee on Manufactures, ou ap-
plying the Commissioner's proposed change
of duties to an invoice of webbing imported
by Messrs. Faxon, Elms & Co., of Boston, and
used in the manufacture of women's, misses',
and children's shoes, found that it would oper-
ate to increase the "tax" an average of one
hundred and eighty per cent., and the question
was asked, what now becomes of the Commis-
sioner's plea for lower duties, and especially
for a lightening of the "unnecessary burden"
oil shoes? In his letter to the minority the
Commissioner replies by citing an invoice of
webbing imported by Messrs. Laing & Magin-
nis, of Philadelphia, which he gives in justifi-
cation of the accuracy of his previous recom-
mendations.
I have applied to Messrs. Laing and Magiti-
nis for specimens of the webbing comprised in
that invoice, and upon comparing it with speci-
mens of that imported by Messrs. Faxon,
Elms & Co., I find it to be an entirely differ-
ent article. I am also informed by experts
that the quality imported by Messrs. Laing &
Maginnis in the invoice referred to is used
entirely in the manufacture of men's shoes of
high cost, whereas the Commissioner's plea
for a reduction of the "tax" on webbing was
made expressly in behalf of xoomen''s, misses',
and children's shoes. The Commissioner does
not explain that he abandoned the webbing
which had first aroused his sympathies for that
which has not been at all a subject of contro-
versy, but aims to ereate the impression that
he has treated of the same kind of webbing
throughout.
Upon this question of elastic webbinfj, con-
cerning which the Commissioner first assumed
a position widely differing from his theories,
and afterward undertook to sustain it by quot-
ing the wrong invoice, I have received a com-
munication from merchants of Boston who
import from one half to two thirds of all the
elastic webbing imported into this country. It
requires no comment:
Boston, June 22,1870.
Dear Sir : We, the undersigned, after looking over
the majority and minority reports oi' tho Committee
011 Manufactures, must say the lorn oi bill Commis-
sioner Wells bas recommended was so absurd, in view
of the general tenor oi" his report, that we thought he
jriu>t have been milled in regard to the fact.*.
The iorm of law proposed by him would moretnan
double the present duties on elastic webs, making
them i>uy more than one hundred per cent, duty,
and we loci that the reason assigned for tho neces-
sity of a change was not a valid one ; lor it is not a
fact that undeivaluations are liable to occur and
are difficult of detection, for a correct valuation is
as easily obtained upon these goods as upon any
article of merchandise. . ,
We incloso you copies of invoicc^ oi elastic webs
imported by the leading houses in the trade here,
and certified to by them as being tho article mostly
used and impoitedin this market; and as abouttour
tilths of the elliptic webs used in the country are
imported by the ".Boston shoe finders,5 we presume
these invoices will be admitted as a fair average
value of the great bulk of elastic webs used m tins
C°The invoice of Laing & Maginnis, taken by Com-
missioner Wells as an example to &how the eixect ot
his proposition, is of aqualityoi goods not imported
into this market at all, and in very limited quantities
into any market, beingadapted,froui i tsea*fre/ e hi^ n
cost, only for the very finest retail goods; and we will
venture the opinion that the quantity usedwoulu be
less than one per cent, of tho quantity wo have sent
you invoices of.
You can see yourself, from the small number of
pieces of a kind in the invoice, that it is a retail lot
imported for some special purpose.
In regard to thestatementot Commissioner Wells,
that experts cannot tell the value of webs within six
to eight cents, and that the discount is problemat-
ical, wo would say that there is nothing problemat-
ical in it to us who import the goods, as it is an actual
discount from the invoice price, and all manufac-
turers abroad make their prices subject toadiscount
of twenty to twenty-two and ono half per cent., and
in calculating the cost of tho goods this discount is
taken into account, just as much as any other item in
the invoice, and wc can figure the cost and value of
these goods as easily and accurately as any good.?
that are imported.
We think the suggestions for a change in tho duty
oil elastic webs wero made in the interests of certain
manufacturers of webs in this country who make an
inferior aiticle, and who persistently urge in somo
form an increase in the duties on foreign webs every
time the tariff bill is up before Congress.
j Our shoe manufacturers profcr the foreign web*
i because they arc superior to those made here, and
| are opposed to any special legislation that would
i force them to use an inforior article.
! The duties on all the materials entering into ladies'
i boots and shoos aro excessively high, and we think
i we can reasonably ask that Congress will not in-
S crease the taxes on this branch of industry, which
1 aro already hard to bear.
> SWEETSER, SKILTON t DOLE,
NICHOLS & FAKNSWORTtl,
HENRY L. DAGGETT k CO.,
ALEX. STRONG & CO.,
1I0W BROTHERS & CO,.
i PELTKN, SNELL & CO.,
i SEARS k WARNER,
E.K.BUTLEll,
W. S. JjOYCE & SONS,
EAXON, ELMS A; CO. _
lion. d. J. Worrell, Clmirman Committee on Man-
■ufictitrcs, Wdthinptuii, J). C.
woolex vxrr vs.
In his animal report, referring to woolen
j fabrics, the Commissioner was loud in his
lamentation that the " worlcingmen and the
workingwomerr' of this country could not be
| "permitted to purchase clothing as cheap in the
; United Slates as in Great Britain." lie did
t not add, us lie might have added, that they
| could easily do this if they were content to
| work for the same wages that arc paid in Great
Britain. ISut the majority report proved that
our working men and women, while receiving
much higher wages than they did in 13G0, are
now buying their woolen clothing, blankets,
i:c., cheaper \ban in that year, and the Cora-
i missioner, in his letter to the minority, con-
I firms tins conclusion by omitting to suppress
1 the following sentouce in a citation from a joui-
' nal which he says is u regarded as most relia_
; ble authority: " i'At no time- in the history oj
'■ our country have woolen goods ccer been sold
\ at as low figures.1' Thu cheapening 0i' woolen
| fabrics ho" ascribes to tho depression ot' the
! wool and woolen industries of the country,
j which he would reinvigoratc by a "reasonable
' tariff'' that would allow the "cost of good
I clothing" to be still further reduced "from
! thirty to fifty percent.'' The logie oi the Com-
missioner's reasoning is just here not any too
If the Commissioner will take the trouble to
consult his own annual report for 1SGU, page
| 93, he will find that the causes of the present
depression in the wool and the woolen indus-
tries of the United States are there correctly
alluded to. He says:
" The breaking out of the war in 18G1, and the cur-
tailment of the usual supply of cotton, created b^th
in the United States and in Europe a greatly in-
creased demand for wool and for woolen i.tbnesaiid
prices, as was to have been expected, advanced iu
proportion."'
With the close of the war, and tho resump-
tion of cotton cultivation in the South, tho
demand for woolen goods diminished, and a
decline in the prices of woolen f'abiies and the
closing of some woolen mills was inevitable.
He has charged to the wool tariff what should
have been attributed to other causes.
shew.
The Commissioner says, by referring to Ln
! annual report, that '£ it does not appear that
