3498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
from Ohio should report this bill back on Wed-
nesday next, can I on Thursday move to go
into Committee of the Whole on the appro-
priation bills, and can a majority oftheHouse
agree to that motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that this would be considered a
special order until disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. So as to supersede a motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on an
appropriation bill ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose, Mr. Speaker,
it would not supersede a motion to postpone.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot a majority
of the House at any time postpone this sub-
ject?
The SPEAKER. The action now proposed
must be adopted, if at all, under a suspension
of the rules, and the House may itself direct
as to the effect of the vote. The motion can
be so framed as to provide for that particular
exigency.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to ask the
House to go into Committee of the Whole to
supersede this particular bill unless necessity
should require it. I merely wish to know
whether I shall have the power to do so, or
whether the gentleman from Ohio will have
power over the appropriation bills. I do not
wish to interfere with him in reference to this
bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can give the gentleman
a reply which I think will satisfy him. Al-
though the tariff bill is the special order in
Committee of the Whole, it is within the power
of the majority of the House at any time to
refuse to go into Committee of the Whole on
, that bill, as it is within the power of the House
to refuse to go into Committee of the Whole
on anything else.
Mr. DAWES. I am not talking of that bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
answer to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] that if the Committee of Ways
and Means should report this bill back, and the
House should proceed to its consideration, it
would be within the power of a majority of the
House to postpone it to any given day, unless
the House should now, by a suspension of the
rules, take away that power.
Mr. DAWES. That is ail I desire.
Mr. GA RFIELD, of Ohio. Does this prop-
osition take away that power?
The SPEAKfiR. It does not, because it
provides merely for the right of the committee
to report the bill back for consideration, sub-
ject, of course, to the other rules of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
Speaker state the question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
state the proposition as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has modified it. The
gentleman from Ohio moves tbat the bill just
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means be printed and recommitted, with au-
thority on the part of the committee to report
it back at any time for consideration and action
in the House by sections, under the five-min-
utes rule.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As in
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has not. included that in his proposition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether he did not agree
to tbat?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that I have
any objection to it, if the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts attaches any importance to it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio so modify his proposition?
Mr. SCHENCK. On reflection I prefer the
motion as 1 have stated it, so that there may
be no necessity for an order every day to stop
debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
moves that the bill be printed and recommitted,
with authority on the part of the committee to
report it back at any time for consideration and
action in the House by sections under the five-
minutes rule.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tariff.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask consent to offer
the following resolution:
Retolved, That when the House shall be at any
time in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order, House bill No. 1068, be-
ing a bill to amend existing laws relating to the
duties on imports and for other purposes, it may
direct any portion of the bill, or any portion relating
to the same general subject, to be read preparatory
to amendment and discussion thereon, and may on
motion order all debate on such part to cease at the
expiration of the time indioated.
If the House will permit me, I will now reply
to the inquiries made by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes.]
A great deal has been said about the possi-
bility or impossibility of passing this tariff bill.
Without repeating what 1 have said heretofore
on that point, especially the other day in reply
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
who interrogated me when we were about to
go into Committee of the Whole, I will say
that, if I may have the support of this House
under a rule of the kind now proposed to be
established for the purpose, I have no doubt
that in a very few days we can go through with
all that remains of the tariff bill, because of the
nature of the matter which yet remains to be
considered, and the fact that we have already
passed over the most difficultportions of the bill.
Mr. Speaker, I do not suppose'that this tariff
bill will be passed so as to become law at this
session of Congress; but I do suppose if it be
Eostponed now till the next session it will not
ecome law so that our duties will be read-
justed and lowered, as we have proposed to
lower them on a great variety of articles, in this
Congress at all. If we go on at this session
of the Congress and get through with the bill
and send it to the Senate my expectation, de-
rived from former experience, is, they will not
be able to act on it at this session. It will be
referred to their Committee on Finance. It
will come up in the Senate about December
next, and after they have gone through their
amendments and we have considered them, and
there have been committees of conference, as
usual, it will become a law, and whatever re-
duction of duty will be made will be accom-
plished about the 3d day of March, 1871, the day
before the adjournment of the Congress. That
is usually the history of such measures. If we
do not go on and send it to the Senate this ses-
sion, however, I have not the slightest expecta-
tion that it will be finished in this Congress;
and all the work that has been done or may be
done will just fall to'the ground, to be com-
menced again in some future Congress. All I
am anxious about, therefore, is, we shall with
reasonable diligence, under proper regulations
such as I now propose to the House, push the
work on. And I will say further, Mr. Speaker,
if the House shall manifest a disposition at
some time, if not this week then next week, to
consider and put it through, so it may go as
early as possible to the Senate, I will not be
disposed to stand in the way of a bill from
the Committee on Appropriations or any other
important committee of the House. Not at
all, sir.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman says in two
or three weeks. I want him to measure what
further time he proposes to take.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want to be ex-
plicit. This is an ugly place to prophesy in.
It is hard to tell what may come up any day
or hour, and therefore I am very cautious when
I look out. I only throw out these general
remarks, relying on mutual courtesy of gentle-
men and mutual sense of obligation to do the
best we can.
Mr. PETERS. I ask why the tariff bill can-
not be considered after this has been reported
back by the Committee of Ways and Means
and disposed of?
Mr. SCHENCK. I_ have been saying if I
saw, from the disposition of the House, they
wished to go on, under proper regulations, for
a day or two or three with other business I will
not then press the consideration of the tariff
bill in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I think that is enough for me
to say on that point.
Mr. DAWES. I will not object to the gen-
tleman's resolution; but I must, from what I
know of the necessities of the Government, ask
the House to take up the appropriation bills in
its stead.
Mr. SCHENCK. One question at the time.
Sufficient unto the moment as well as to the
day is the evil thereof.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio
admits that he does not expect or care to have
the tariff bill sent to the Senate before the close
of this session, so that it may be taken up and
considered by the Committee of Finance, for
action by the Senate at the next session. If
that be so, it will do just as well to send it
there five minutes before the adjournment as
well as now. If the gentleman insists upon
the tariff bill being now disposed of, hundreds
of millions of dollars must be appropriated,
under the condescension of the gentleman, who
says we may have one, or two, or, it may be
at the utmost three days to consider appropria-
tion bills. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote for the
gentleman's resolution, but I shall ask the
House, in view of what the gentleman has said,
to take up the appropriation bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know the gentleman
will help me; but I would rather he had not
talked so much about condescension. I know
he has been very hard at work; but I have not
taken three or four days or a week at a time,
but have staid here and worked all the time,
and worked day and night, when sometimes I
had not even the pleasure of the company of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, aiding me
in my work, because he had engagements
elsewhere.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. If there be objection I
shall move to suspend the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman's
resolution be adopted may not the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union close
the debate on the entire bill, excepting the last
portion or paragraph, at any time ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That willalwaysbe within
the power of the majority. But I do not want
anything unreasonable. If there is any objec-
tion to this resolution I move to suspend the
rules that it may be adopted.
The question was put on suspending the
rules; and there were, on a division—ayes 87,
noes 47; two thirds not voting affirmatively.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand tlie yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 111, nays67, not voting 60; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Atwood,Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry,Beaman, Beatty,
Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Booker, Boyd,
George M. Brooks, Buck.Buckley.Buffinton.Burdett,
Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Arnasa
Cobb.Coburn.Conger.Cowles, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela. Eerriss, Ferry, Garfield,
Gibson, Hamilton,Harris,Hays, Hill. Hoar. Hooper,
Hotchkiss.Julian.Kelley, Kellogg.Kelsey.Ketchiim,
Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge. Lynch, Mayuard, Mc-
Carthy, McGrew, McKee, McKenzie, Mercur, Milnes,
Eliakim H. Moore, JesseH. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer. Paine, Peck, Perce, Piatt, Poland,
Prosser, Roots, Sant'ord, Sawyer, Schenck. Scofield,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon. John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens. Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Tanner, Tnylor. Till-
man, Townsend, Twichell.Tyner, Upson, VunWyck,
Cadw.iladerC. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler.Wilkin-
son.Willard, Williams, and John T. Wilson—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Axtell, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin. Biggs, James
Brooks,Burchard, Burr. Benjamin F. Butler, Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox,
