2554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
be devised. I do not say that 1 recommend any-
such thing as a prohibition of Chinese labor in
California ; but I say that the importation of
such labor is far more destructive to the Amer-
ican labor of California than anything pise that
can be devised.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thai is true.
- Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Sir, Dem-
ocratic principles cannot be maintained in that
way, there or elsewhere. The Democratic
party, as I understand, if not for free trade, is
lor a freer trade than we now have; and cer-
tainly it is for a revenue tariff as opposed
to this bounty protective tariff in woolens. We
are not a parly of freebooters; that is certain.
Wo are not in favor of levying tribute upon
the people lor all the blankets and other woolen
goods that they need. We can never be a
freebooting party, levying duties of that kind
for the benefit of any monopoly in San Fran-
cisco or elsewhere. Sir, California blankets or
woolens need no protection as long as Chinese
labor cpmes in there; for it is the cheapest
labor in the world. These Chinese can live
upon what would starve other people. If
they do not live altogether upon rice, that
diet is diversified only by a mixture of greasy
compounds, it may be of dogs or cats and
kittens for all I know. Into this composite
material the Chinaman dips his chopsticks,
alternating with his rice, and that constitutes
his subsistence. Living in that way, the Chinese
laborer can subsist upon ten cents a day.
lie and his companions bunk in a common
camp 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The formal amendment
will be considered as withdrawn. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Keiui.]
Mr. KERR. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of saying a few words on this
question. Mr. Chairman, I have had some
difficulty in understanding precisely what gen-
tlemen wish in regard to this class. It is said
that these duties are %o high; but it has, I
think, already been stated in this debate—at
any rate it is the fact—that no change is pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means
as to the duty to be levied upon flannels,
blankets, and knit goods. There has been
a rearrangement of the provisions upon this
subject and a substitution of what is esteemed
to be better verbiage for that of the existing
law, with a view to simplifying the collection
of the duty ; and I find upon consultation with
gentlemen who are best acquainted with these
manufactures that the committee are thought
to have attained that object. In an exposition
of the principles of the tariff, as made by the
woolen manufactures, I find them expressing
an opinion that this rearrangement will facili-
tate a more efficient collection of the duties
upon these goods.
In the course of the debate upon this subject
occasion has been taken to discuss the whole
question of the tariff upon wool and woolens.
1 submit that the criticisms which have been
made are not after all very well deserved. It
is a very singular circumstance that while gen-
tlemen upon the other side tell us at one time
that we ought to reduce the duties because they
increase the price of an article to the consumer,
yet whenever we reach a case where that has
been the result they wheel around and say to
us, "See how total a failure you have made in
your attempt at protection! You have in-
creased the duties on wool, and yet wool has
fallen in the market. Your whole policy, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] tells
us, is a failure, because wool does not bear a
liigherprice." Yetwecan hardly get from this
paragraph to another and take it up when we
will bo told wc are positively robbers of the
industry of the country because we increase the
duty and therefore increase the price. I wish
gentlemen might be able to reconcile this in-
consistency between their policies. It confuses
them in some degree and tends to confuse the
country. Have they no such principle ? The
gentleman from New York says there should
be a principle upon which this goes. I grant
it, and the committee have been endeavoring
to act on principle. I might say the protec-
tionists, as they are called, are acting on prin-
ciple all the time in what they are doing.
Mr. COX. What principle does the gentle-
man from Michigan stand on? Does he believe
the protective principle will reduce the articles
of consumption or raise the price of those arti-
cles? If it raises the price is not that protec-
tion? Is not that what he is for? There is
confusion on that side as well as on this.
Mr. BLAIR. I was about to state the prin-
ciple, which I undertook to illustrate the other
day at some length, and that is this: the real
underlying principle which governs the price
is the question of demand and supply. That
principle is at work at home and abroad; and
though for the time being you may raise the
price by protection, yet at last it comes to this,
that by competition the article will be produced
as cheaply as it can. This principle underlies
the whole of it, and upon this we rely.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, I rise
to oppose the amendment, for the reason that
I desire to insert at the proper time an amend-
ment embodying to some extent my views, and
that is at the close of this paragraph to add
the following:
Provided, That in no ease Khali the duty on woolen
good cxcccds Gj per ccnt. ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, I regard this tariff on woolen
goods as an enormity, as a most monstrousout-
rage, indefensible on any principle whatever.
Jt is now contended that under the Constitution
we may legislate for the purpose of protecting
a certain class of industries. That is disputed
by others. But this tariff on wool goes further
still, and is a prohibitory tariff on a large por-
tion of the articles produced in this country.
A number of those articles I have before me.
Certain classes of wools and woolens, this tariff
is so high, positively cannot be introduced into
this country, and their exclusion destroys a
considerable portion of our manufactures. The
duty on washed wool is 12 cents per pound
and 22 percent, advalorem, and on that article
wc have received no revenue during the last
year. The duty on wool scoured is 00 cents per
pound and SO per cent, ad valorem, and from
that source we have received no revenue. On
shawls, wholly or in part of wool, value 32 cents
or less per pound, (act March 2, 1807,) the duty
is 24 cents per pound and 40 per cent, ad va-
lorem, and no revenue has been received from
that source. Flannels composed wholly or in
part of worsted, the hair of the alpaca goat,
or other like animals, value not over 40 cents
per pound, the duty on which is 20 cents per
pound and 35 per cent, ad valorem, have
yielded during the last year a revenue only
of $418 40. Not colored, value 30 cents or
less per square yard, on which the duly is 21
cents per pound and 30 per cent, ad valorem,
have yielded no revenue during tiie past year ;
nor have flannels, colored or white, value over
30 cents per square yard, the duty on which is
21 cents per pound and 35 per cent, ad valorem.
Hals, wool, the duty on which is 24 cents per
pound and 35 percent, advalorem, have yielded
us no revenue. Hats, wool, value over 40 and
not over GO cents per pound, the duty on which
is 30 cents per pound and 35 per cent, ad va-
lorem, brought into the Treasury only §00 GO;
and of value over GO and not over 80 cents per
pound, the duty on which is 40 cents per pound
and 35 per cent, ad valorem, only yielded last
year a revenue of $281. On all cheap carpets
and many other goods it is the same. The
operation of the law is absolutely to prohibit
the importation of these articles. While the
people are taxed oppressively the Government
is robbed of its revenue. By reducing the tax
the Government will get revenue; at the pres-
ent time we get none.
I deny that there is any power in the Consti-
tution to levy duties which are prohibitory.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means said the other day we had the power
under the Constitution to legislate to exclude
the products of other countries. I deny that
we can do that under the taxing power. I do
not deny that all Governments possess the
power to exclude articles obnoxious to the pub-
lie health and the public morals; but that is
entirely a different question. I deny that under
the taxing power you can impose a duty for
the purpose of excluding any article whatever
from the country. The power granted under
the Constitution is for raising revenue to pay
the public debt and the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. For no other purpose can a tariff'
be imposed; and I repeat that there is no war-
rant under the Constitution to levy a duty for
the purpose of prohibiting the importation of
an article.
The CHAIRMAN. The time limited by the
order of the House for debate on the pending
paragraph has expired.
Mr. BLAIR. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the sec-
tion by striking out all after the word " wool,"
iu the one hundred and sixty-eighth line, down
to the word " duty" in the one hundred and
seventy-fourth line.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the paragraph as it will read if thus amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
On ilbla,nkets, knit goods, liats, and yarn,
composed wholly or in part of wool, 35 per cent, ad
valorem.
The question was put on Mr. Ho Umax's
amendment; and there were—ayes 22, noes
52 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Holman and Mr.
McCaiitiiy.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
insert after the word "ad valorem," in the
one hundred and seventy-fifth line, the follow-
ing:
Provided, That no duties on blankets shall exceed
100 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out " 100" and insert-
ing "50."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "100" and inserting
a or. !)
oO.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
moved by Mr. Brooks, of New York.
Mr. SCHUNCK. If permitted to debate, as
I am not, [ would show that this is a mere slur
on the bill.
Mr. COX. It is a very well-deserved slur.
The question was put on Mr. Brooks's
amendment; and there were—ayes 82, noes
157 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. McCarthy, and Mr.
BitoOKR of New York.
The committee divided : and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend the paragraph by inserting after the
words " ad valorem," in the one hundred and
seventy-fifth line, the following:
Provided, That under this paragraph no rates of
d uty on any of the articles herein namedshall exceed
per cent, ad valorem.
The question was put; and there were, on
a division—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the paragraph
by inserting after the words "ad valorem,"
