4442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
hour to-morrow as well as the majority. I ask
the House to give unanimous consent to this
arrangement.
Mr. LOGAN. It was arranged that the pre-
vious question should be called to-night.
Mr. WILLARD. My proposition is, that fce
minority of the committee shall have one hour
to-morrow, and that the chairman of the com-
mittee shall then call the previous question
and have one hour to close debate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understandsthatthe chairman oftbe committee
gave notice that he would call the previous
question to-night.
Mr. WILLARD. I had a conversation abaut
this with the chairman of the committee, and
I do not think he would object to what I have
proposed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs hav-
ing given notice of that fact, the Chair would
suggest that it is not quite the thing to change
the arrangement in his absence. Unanimous
consent is asked, however.
Mr. WILLARD. Very well; let it pass.
land district in utah.
Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on the
Public Lands, with a view to put it upon its
passage, a bill to create an additional land dis-
trict in the Territory of Utah.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. KELSEY. I think that bill ought not
to pass. I object.
dominica.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts^ I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint reso-
lution to annex the republic of Dominica.
Mr. LOGAN. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. KERR. I object.
cuba.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the joint resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs in relation to Cuba.
Mr. AMBLER then resumed and concluded
his remarks, which will he published in the
Appendix.
Mr. WILKINSON obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
ipointof order. I understand that the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] agrees
with the majority of the committee, and pro-
poses to speak in behalf of the majority report.
We have just had one speech on that side.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man who last spoke spoke in behalf of the
minority report.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ah, yes;
then I will withdraw the point of order.
Mr. WILLARD. The gentleman from Min -
nesota [Mr. Wilkinson] yields to me for a
moment to make again the suggestion which I
made at the commencement of the evening.
I desire—and in this the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs agrees with me—that
there may be unanimous consent that the
minority of the committee should have one
hour before the close of the debate.
Mr. BANKS. I will cordially assent to that.
The SPEAKER. The House agreed by unan-
imous consent, that to-morrow, immediately
after the reading of the Journal, they would
proceed to vote on the bill reported from the
Committee on Banking and Currency. The
Chair would suggest that this matter should
come up immediately after that, but before the
moi nir.g hour. The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Wii.lard] had better say nothing about
the morning hour in his motion. If this Cuban
question should go over the Chair would rule
that it must come up immediately after the
banking question.
Mr. WILLARD. I would just as soon have
it in that way. I am entitled to one hour
to-night; but I would rather that the minority
of the committee should have an hour in the
morning.
The SPEAKER. Is it the intention of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
to ask the previous question on this question
to-night?
Mr. BANKS. Not if this arrangement can
be made, and there can be an understanding
that the minority of the committee shall have
an hour in the morning, and then the previous
question shall be considered as ordered, and the
majority shall have the closing hour after that.
The SPEAKER. That arrangement can be
made by unanimous consent. The gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Willakd] asks, and The
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
concurs in the request, that the minority of the
committee may have an hour to-morrow after
the disposition of the banking and currency
bill; that then the previous question shall be
considered as seconded and the main question
ordered, and after that that the chairman of
the committee shall have an hour to close. Is
there objection ?
Mr. FITCH. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will be utterly
impossible to have a morning hour to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. This arrangement must
be made, if made at all, with reference to a
morning hour.
Mr. FITCH. I object.
Mr. BANKS. Oh, no; do not object.
Mr. FITCH. Let this question be thrown
open for debate to-morrow, and not confined to
members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WOOD. I think it desirable to extend
the time for general discussion, and not con-
fine it entirely to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. There are many gentlemen in the
House who desire to speak on this question;
and I suggest that three hours to-morrow be
devoted to the discussion of this question be-
fore the final vote is taken.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that very early after this matter came
before the House I sought to have some time
assigned me, but every moment had been
appropriated by other gentlemen. I trust the
time will be extended, so that other gentlemen
besides the members of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs may be heard.
Mr. BANKS. I shall be very glad.
Mr. WILLARD. I have no objection, if the
House will agree to it.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman had
better so frame his request as#iat the whole of
to-morrow shall be devoted to this discussion.
Mr. WOOD. I will ask that the whole of
to-morrow shall be devoted to the discussion
of this bill, taking the vote at half past four
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That would throw over
the currency bill until Tuesday next.
Mr. WOOD. I mean to-morrow after the
currency bill is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] asks that to-morrow, after
the currency bill is disposed of, shall be devoted
to the consideration of the Cuban resolves.
Mr. WOODWARD. Up to the hour of half
past four.
The SPEAKER. He proposes that the vote
shall be taken at half past four. Is there
objection?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If it
is understood that we can have a morning
hour I will not object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to make a
suggestion. If any arrangement shall be made
touching the assignment of to-morrow for the
consideration of this subject some arrange-
ment had better be made as to the length of
speeches, because very few speeches could be
made if each gentleman who obtained the floor
were entitled to one hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would suggest that whatever arrangement is
made shall be made with reference to having
a morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. BANKS. I would suggest that the
speeches to-morrow be limited to half an hour
each, of course not to interfere with the rule
giving to the organ of the committee an hour
in which to close the debate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Fitch] withdraw his objection to
the arrangement proposed?
Mr. FITCH. I will not make objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ne-
vada [Mr. Fitch] having withdrawn his objec-
tion, the Chair will restate to the House the
proposition of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Willard.] It is, that to-morrow, after
the disposition of the currency bill, which will
come up immediately after the reading of the
Journal, the minority of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs shall have an hour for debate
on this subjeet; then the previous question
shall be called, and of course the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks]
will be entitled to an hour to close the debate.
Mr. FITCH. That is not the proposition to
which I assented, but to the one submitted by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
that to-morrow after the disposition of the cur-
rency bill shall be devoted to the further dis-
cussion of this Cuban question, the vote to be
taken at half past four o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That will not allow more
than two hours and a half at the furthest.
Mr. FITCH. We will take our chance with
that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
mustinsist that regard shall be had to a morn-
ing hour to-morrow in any arrangement that
may be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest,
in order to facilitate an arrangement in rela-
tion to priority of business, and as it is very
desirable that no morning hour shall be passed
over, that there be allowed two morning hours
on Thursday.
Mr. BANKS. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That will
be satisfactory.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the proposition to the House. It is, that to-
morrow after the currency bill shall have been
disposed of the remainder of tha day shall be
devoted to the consideration of the Cuban
question ; and that there be two morning hours
on Thursday. If there be no objection that
arrangement will be made by general consent.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
pay of patent examiners, etc.
Mr. CALKIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
are hereby instructed to inquire into the expediency
of authorizing the Commissioner of Patents to pay
those employed in the Patent Office from August.,
1863, to April, 1SG9, as examiners and assistant exam-
iners of patents the rates fixed by law for those
grades.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rcnewal os? ArriiomiATioN.
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. 11. No. 2203) making
effectual an appropriation heretofore made ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cuba.
The Honse resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee ou Foreign Affairs in
relation to Cuba.
