1870.
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
the majority of our emigrating people. Oar
population will increase doubtless; but as seen
by the light of the past so will our territory
also, and the needy and the landless will have
more land than our fathers had in the last
century or than we have in the present. At
all events, the probabilities are not so remote
that we need condemn the West and South-
west to wild sterility for a century to come, in
order that the Government may then have land
to sell to our descendants and to emigrants
from the Occident and the Orient.
On this subject, however, I am open to com-
promise, and would consent that the Govern-
ment withhold from market, and reserve, even
to that distant day, for the special behoof of
the posterity of those who prefer a wilderness
or a desert to an improved and cultivated
country, the balmy Alaska, that land of green
Eastures and still waters, containing from three
undred million to seven hundred million acres,
where, if we may credit official encomiums,
 " everlasting spring abides,
And never-fading flowers."
To that inviting scene, forever out of the reach
of noisy railroads, their posterity may direct
their longing eyes, even as the Israelites looked
for the promised land beyond the Jordan.
But should it happen, after all, that the tide
of emigration which has flowed ever onward
and westward for two hundred and fifty years,
shall refuse to spread out to the North and the
South, but turn back on itself, what then?
We have room. Iowa alone can accommodate
five millions more, and then be less densely
populated than Massachusetts is to day, and
the South needs a hundred millions now.
Whatever mistaken policy, selfishness, or
providence for the future may dictate to other
States, Iowa cannot turn her back on the young
States of the West. The tenderly cherished
daughter of the Union, dowered with wealth
and prosperity by the Government—gratitude,
self-respect, natural affection, and sympathy
for the younger members of the sisterhood of
States, should hold her steadily to the support
of that policy which has made her the admira-
tion of the world. Her own interests greatly
depend on the development of the States and
Territories to the north and west of her. Rail-
roads constructed in Minnesota, Dakota, and
Nebraska are extensions of her own railroad
system, and will give volume atid vigor to the
arteries and veins which sustain her prosperity.
Though the interests and relations of Iowa are
direct and peculiar all the States east of us are
interested in the development of that region,
so that its population and wealth may aid in
the support of Government and its trade swell
their aggregate commerce.
It is true as charged that we have made some
bad bargains in the matter of these land grants
to railroads. The Illinois Central and the great
Pacific roads may be instances in point. But
who of us all would blot out those roads from
the face of the country, take back our lands
and our bonds, and leave the regions through
which they run in the condition in which they
were before the grants were made? Let us
now apply the lessons of our experience and
guard against future blunders of a like char-
acter. Henceforth we have no reasonable
excuse for permitting railroad companies to
become permanent monopolists of the land
granted to aid the construction of their roads.
And hereafter we would prove very culpable
servants of the public if we give bonds in suf-
ficient amount to pay for building a road and
then add an area of land equal to a State or
two as a gratuity to the speculating undertakers
of such enterprises.
Avoiding these errors in future, we shall
recognize that our true policy is not to give in
effect a completed and furnished road to the
corporators, but simply to afford such aid as
will induce a company to build a road some-
what in advance of a paying prospect for an
unaided enterprise. In other words, let these
grants be made solely in the interests of the
people and the Government, and not for the
sake of enriching the projectors or stockhold-
ers of the roads.
The provision indicated in my resolution, if
a practical application be made of it, will not
only guard the people against the evils of land
monopoly, but will also tend very greatly to
secure an honest and economical application
of the proceeds of the grant to the construc-
tion of the road at the earliest practicable
period; for it will in a great measure put a
quietus on the prevalent practice of employing
skillful manipulators of legislative bodies at
enormous contingent fees, sometimes even to
the extent of half the grant obtained.
There prevails throughout the country, and
it is much to be regretted, an impression that
these grants are obtained by sinister and cor-
rupt means; and that in some cases the pro-
ceeds are divided between those who grant
and those who receive. Clouds of distrust
and prejudice, raised by specious charges of
collusion and venality, have settled down on
the public mind. In consequence of this im-
pression a sentiment of opposition to railroad
grants has sprung up, is gaining strength, and
finds expression here and there in very decided
terms. The politicians of Indiana and Ohio,
who scent the drift of public sentiment as
readily as well-trained hounds the course of
the stag in the frosty air of an autumnal morn,
are running a sharp race for public favor by
denunciation of railroad subsidies—in the one
case by resolutions of the Democratic Legis-
lature of Ohio, and in the other by the plat-
form of the recent Republican State conven-
tion at Indianapolis. It is, however, the
abuse of the policy, not the policy itself, of
which the people complain. Fault is found,
not so much that grants of land are made, but
that they afe made with reckless extravagance,
and that the chief benefits go to the grantees,
while many evils and hardships are inflicted
on the people thereby.
It is my conviction that the interests of the
people of the West are deeply involved in
this matter, and that sound policy demands
of their representatives here, at both ends of
the Capitol, a prompt movement to correct the
evils and remove the just grounds of complaint;
for delay or failure to apply a legislative rem-
edy to the abuses may lead to the entire sacri-
fice of the policy itself, with all its accruing
benefits. What I have urged upon the repre-
sentatives of the West. I may repeat with em-
Ehasis to the dominant party, which will be
eld responsible by the country for all legisla-
tion or failure of legislation. Sound policy
requires at our hands the passage of this reso-
lution as an indication of a disposition to move
in the right direction. We cannot as a party
afford to be regarded as founders and support-
ers of land monopoly in the West, and become
justly responsible for its evils and amenable
to the bitter and indignant denunciation which
it excites.
A simple provision of law, aptly framed in
fit legal phrase to secure the object expressed
in the resolution, inserted in every statute
granting lands to aid the construction of rail-
roads, will remove all reasonable objections,
satisfy the demands of the people, unite all
sections in support of the policy, harmonize
conflicting views in the party, and at the same
time establish a regular, uniform, and perma-
nent policy for the promotion of the local inter-
ests of the West and the general interests of
the country by means of railroad land grants.
I ask that the resolution be amended by
inserting after the words " Committeeon Pub-
lic Lands" the words "and the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is now mandatory in its terms. It will be
reported to the Senate.
The Secretary read the resolution as modi-
fied, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
and the Committee on the Paoifio Railroad be in-
structed to insert in all bills hereafter reported for
grants of land to aid in the construction of railroads
a provision which will secure the rights of settlers to
homesteads on said grants, and require that the sale
of the lands thereof shall be made at the same price
as the alternate sections of the Government lands,
in order to promote the speedy occupation of said
lands and the rapid settlement of the section of coun-
try in which they may be located, and to protect the
people against the evils of land monopoly.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, if these
land grants are to be made at all, I certainly
am in favor of the policy of the resolution. 1
wish to speak, however, upon the subject, and
I prefer doing so upon the resolution, but not
of course to-day. 1 therefore ask that the res-
olution be laid aside for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
regarded as a demand for the regular order:
and the funding bill is before the Senate.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 117) to pass to the credit of the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers the
fund belonging to it for the relief of sick and
wounded soldiers.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, in answer to the resolution of
the Senate of the 21st instant, directing the Sec-
retary of State to furnish the Senate with copies
of all correspondence relating to the imprison-
ment of Mr. Davis Hatch by the Dominican
Government; which, on motion of Mr. Ferry,
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
FUNDING BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S.No. 380)
to authorize the refunding and consolidation
of the national debt, to extend banking facili-
ties, and to establish specie payments, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Sherman to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance, which was to strike oat the proviso
beginning in line twenty-eight of section eight
of the substitute after the word "that" and
insert:
Not more than one third of the bonds deposited by
any bank as such security shall be .of the class of
bonds herein authorized bearing the rate of interest
of five per cent., and not more than one third shall
be of the class of bonds herein authorized bearing
the rate of interest of four and a half per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have that
amendment adopted as part of the text of the
bill open to amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio desires the amendment he offered
yesterday to be incorporated as part of the text
of the substitute and to be still open to amend-
ment, without regard to the fact that it has
been agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not change the
meaning. It is simply the same idea expressed
in different words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so regarded and treated as
part of the text of the substitute and open to
amendment. The Chair hears no objection to
that course being taken.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Oregon, I will alBO state that
another amendment has been agreed to by the
Committee on Finance, not changing the mean-
ing but amplifying the words of another clause,
which I also desire to have adopted on the
same terms, to be open to amendment here-
after. I send it to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposed amendment.
The Secretary. The amendment is in
section four, line two, after the word "act"
to insert "and the annual interest thereon
so that the section will read :
That the bonds authorized by this aot and tho
