1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2555
in the one hundred and seventy-fifth line, the
following:
Provided, That under this paragraph no rates of
duty on any of the articles herein named shall exceed
60 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "85," in the one hundred and seventy-
fourth line, and inserting "25;" so that the
paragraph will read:
On flannels, bla.nkets, knit goods, hats, and yarn,
composed wholly or in part of wool, valued at not
exceeding 40 cents per pound, 20 cents per pound;
valued at over 40 cents por pound and not exceeding
60 cents per pound, 30 cents per pound; valued at
over 60 cents per pound and not exceeding 80 cents
per pound, 40 cents per pound; valued at over 80
cents per pound, 50 cents per pound; and in addi-
tion to said rates of duty 25 per cent, ad valorem.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes forty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Sir. COX. I move that the committee rise
and report the fact to the House that we are
without a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. That fact is not ascer-
tained.
Mr. COX. I will not insist on the point at
present; but I give notice that I will insist
upon it before we go much further, in the
interests of the country, which are suffering
by this kind of legislation.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman knows that
if on any point he insists on a division, and it
shall be discovered on that division that there
is no quorum, he can have a call of the com-
mittee.
■ Mr. COX. I do not desire to interfere with
the progress of business, but I think we ought
not to do business without a quorum.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to amend the para-
graph by inserting after the woids "ad valo-
rem," in the one hundred and seventy-fifth
line, the following:
Provided, however, That no duty levied under the
provisions of this paragraph shall exceed 50 per cent.
ad valorem.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 34, noes 71; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Homax and Mr.
Scofielp.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 87, noes 76.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On belts and belting, made wholly or in part of
wool or worsted, for paper or printing machines, 20
cents per pound, and in addition thereto 35 per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. KERR. I move to strike out that para-
graph. That will lea.ve the existing law in
force. The existing law is not very much lower
than this, hut it is somewhat lower.
A little while ago, while discussingthe para-
graph nextbefore this,thegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] had a good deal to say
about the injurious effect of a low tariff on
wool and the production abroad of what he
calls " shoddy " and its importation into this
country. I want to say to the committee and
to the gentleman that when he tells us that
there is not so much shoddy made in this coun-
try in proportion to our total production of
woolens as there is abroad he is in fault in his
ligures. There is as much made here as there
is anywhere else; and I want to say further
that the effect of this kind of legislation, the
effect of these enormous and excessive duties,
is to encourage the making of shoddy inthis
country, and this country has. had bitter and
most outrageous experience of this during the
last seven or eight years. The "loyal" friends
of the gentleman who were contractors during
the war gave to the country thousands of ex-
amples of the injurious effect of encouraging
the manufacture of domestic shoddy, by pre-
venting a reasonable and fair competition by
the introduction of a decent and honest article
from other countries, so that they could pro-
duce here and impose upon the soldiers and
upon all the consumers of the country their
worthless products. If there had been proper
competition they would have felt the necessity
of producing better goods and at a cheaper
price. It is thus that this kind of protection
always "benefits" the country.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. However shoddy might enter into the
manufacture of blankets and things of that kind,
and therefore be appropriately referred to in
discussing a paragraph in relation to those
articles, it has nothing to do with this belting.
There is no use of shoddy at all in the manu-
facture of this article.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerb] must confine his remarks to the
pending paragraph.
Mr. KERR. I give notice that if the rule is
to be enforced thus strictly against me I shall
object to any gentleman on the other side trav-
eling outside of the precise limits of debate.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I hope the gentleman will.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana will proceed in order.
Mr. KERR. This paragraph relates to one
of the products of wool, belts and belting. It
is itself one of the very articles to which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
referred. It may be shoddy, aud it is shoddy
generally and nothing but shoddy, and there-
fore all that I have said on this subject, I sub-
mit, was pertinent to the general scope of my
amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the gentleman allow
one suggestion ?
Mr. KERR. Yes, I will.
Mr. KELLOGG. The gentleman's motion
is to strike out the duty proposed in the bill
of 20 cents a pound and 25 per cent, ad valo-
rem,. I wish to ask the gentleman if ho does
not know that the present duty is 50 cents a
pound and 50 per cent, ad valorem ?
Mr. KERR. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. KELLOGG. The old duty is twice what"
the proposed duty is, if the book I hold in my
hand is correct, and his motion would leave
the duty where it now is, or twice what the
Committee of Ways and Means propose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. You are
mistaken.
Mr. KERR. We all understand that in dis-
cussing these amendments it is not the desire
of any gentleman to confine himself precisely
to the amendment which he proposes. Now I
would like to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a question. Why
is this provision contained in the bill if it makes
no change in the existing law?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very glad to answer
the gentleman. The present law is in this
language:
"On endless belfs or felts for paper or printing
machines, 20 cents a pound and 25 per cent, ad
valorem."
The first difficulty is with the words " end-
less belts." We intended it to apply to any
belting used for these purposes. And^ in the
next place the word "felts " is a misprint. A
cheap aiticle, felts, on which we put the duty
down in this bill, has been charged at a very
high rate, and to correct that mistake we have
said "belts and belting for paper and printing
machines," and put them at the same rate as
in the present tariff, and put felts at a lower
rate of duty. The gentleman by his amend-
ment seeks to perpetuate two things; one is
the blunder in the present law, and the other
is the high tariff on felts, which we think
ought to be put down.
Mr. KERR. The proposition, then, of the
committee is to increase the duty in so far as
the terms of the bill are more comprehensive
than those used in the present law.
So far as what I desire is concerned, I will
say that what I want is not to act in the inter-
est of the monopolists of this country, the peo-
ple who are swindling the consumers of the
country out of GO per cent, on all fabrics made
of wool, the most enormous tribute ever paid
in the shape of duties to any class of men on
earth. Thegentleman is their organ here; he
is defending this enormous outrage on the
great mass of the people of this country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AXTELL obtained the floor and said:
I desire to yield a moment to my colleague
from the middle district, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I have sought the floor
simply for the purpose of explaining a blunder
which I made in my remarks yesterday. The
House will recollect that in the great confusion
created by the statement I then made, when I
was being called to order from all quarters of the
House, i stated that an increased police force-
had to be ordered out to preserve order in the
city of San Francisco. Now, I did not intend
to convey the idea to this House that the
3,000 men parading the streets of San Fran-
cisco were a mob in auy sense of the word;
but that they were men in need, who wanted
bread, and were willing to work for it. That
was simply all I intended. I did desire to dis-
cuss to some extent the paragraph just disposed
of, because my constituents are immediately
interested in it. I believe that the tariff im-
posed here is too high ; yet I am willing to
afford my constituents some protection, if it
can bo afforded by this bill. I say this in ex-
planation of my course, so that my constituents
may understand it.
Mr. AXTELL. I rise to oppose the pend-
ing amendment, and in doing so I desire to
reply briefly to the criticism of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bkooks] upon the argu-
ment which I had the honor to make yester-
day, and which is reported in the Globe. The
gentleman says that my argument was not
Democratic. Sir, I beg leave to say to that
gentleman that there is but one thing that would
cause me more uneasiness than his political dis-
approbation, and that would be his political
approval. I beg to say to him that I think he
cracks the Democratic lash with rather a feeble
and unaccustomed hand. Sir, let me tell him
that in following the lead of New York Democ-
racy we in California were defeated last year.
And in my judgment we will suffer defeat, not
only in California, but all over the United
States, whenever we shall attempt to follow
the lead of that Democracy. I do not myself
understand thatin raising my voice here in the
interests of the manufacturers of my State, and
in endeavoring in every way I can by my votes
here to build up a policy which shall manufac-
ture her stores of grain into flour, her stores
of wool into cloths, and her leather into boots
and shoes, to render us upon the Pacific coast
independent not only of Europe but of the
East—I do not understand that I am to be
deterred from following my judgment and giv-
ing my votes here as the peer of any man upon
this floor, by any twaddle from the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] about Democ-
racy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I move to amend the pending
paragraph by striking out the words "20 cents
per nourid, and in addition thereto 35 per cent.
ad valoremand inserting in lieu thereof the
words "25 per cent, ad valoremso that it
will read:
On belts and belting, made wholly or in part of
wool or worsted, for paper or printing machines, 2o
per cent, ad valorem.
I will try to confine my remarks to the sub-
ject before the committee. I do not propose
to enter into any discussion about what is good
or what is bad Democracy. I find, however,
this remarkable fact apparent here: there are
gentlemen on each side of this Chamber who
are in favor of cutting down this enormous
and what may be properly termed this swin-
dling tariff, and we are ready to join hands
with any man from any quarter who will break
down these great monopolies in the interest ol
the consumer and of the people.
We have had much said here about the 1m-
