1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5387
and where I was told there was a place for this
very amendment. Here it is.
This is not all. The Senator from Nevada
who has this bill in charge has made an argu-
ment for amending it to-night, leading to the
natural, logical conclusion that the Chinese
when they come here must be admitted to citi-
zenship. There is no other conclusion from
his speech that is not illogical. He may dis-
own it—I hope not—but the logic of what he
said was just as I say. He declared that his
object was to make labor honorable, to secure
to labor its just rewards. How can this be
done if you place labor under a ban? How
• can this be done if you place the laborer in a
condition of inferiority and deny him the rights
which you accord to others? Letlaborbe made
honorable. Let the laborer be elevated.
I thank the Senator for his speech. It was
worthy of a Senator. But the Senator must
be true to his own standard. He must carry
out his speech ; he must accord to those labor-
ers for whom he pleads all the rights of citizen-
ship. There can be no half-way house. Is
the Senator in earnest? I will not doubt that
he is. I will not doubt that he seeks to honor
labor.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Would the Senator have
placed theballot in the hands of the slave to be
controlled by his master? Was it not in order
first to free the slave? Did he not pursue that
course in regard to the African? I commence
at the right end. I propose to free the China-
man from these trammels, to free him from
servile contracts before you place in his hand
the ballot, to be used by his master. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in pro-slavery times
never proposed to put the ballot in the hands
of the slave, to be used by the slave-masters,
and he often complained that those masters
had a representation for three fifths of the
slaves.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
me; but I fail to see the application of his
remarks.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator understood
how the Chinese were controlled by their mas-
ters he would understand it.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator think that
among the Chinese now in our country there
are none worthy of the ballot?
Mr. STEWART. I do not think there is
one in twenty of the Chinese in our country
that would have control of his own vote to-day
any more than the slave population of South
Carolina would have had the control of their
votes if the ballot had been granted to them
in 1850.
Mr. SUMNER. Now will the Senator do
me the kindness to listen to a very brief report
under date of July* 8—and to-day is the 8th ot
ju]y—by a gentleman who has passed some
time in California in business relations with the
Chinese? He answers the Senator:
" I can wish yourmerchantsno better fortune than
the privilege of dealing some-dayin person with the
meicantile class of China, as 1 have found them to
be in San Francisco.. I have done business with
them constantly when in that city, have stored then
cargoes have shipped for them wheat and oats, have
sold them for shipment many hundreds of tons of
flour and I never knew one ot them to violate his
engagements in any way. Such is the universal tes-
timony of every one doing business with them. It
i< a common saying among their American friends
that they would rather have as security the woid ot
a Chinese merchant than the pledge, written, sworn
to, and witnessed, of many of Caucasian blood. Cer-
tainly their unswerving integrity and strict honesty ,
to sav nothing of their moral virtues, may put to the
blush our boasted civilization, in those days of ire-
frequent' irregularities,' fraudulent and shameless
'failures,' and alarming 'defalcations.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts will recollect that the same was said
of the first families of Virginia and South Car-
olina, that they were more honorable than
anybody else. I he merchants referred to
their contract to bring Chinese here, and they
are very smart men.
Mr. SUMNER. One particularly is men-
tioned, Fung Tang, of San Francisco :
" Mr. Fung Tang, of San Francisco, as intelligent
and public-spirited a merchant as ever did busi-
ness, a man whom Mr. A. T. Stewart, of New Yorir,
has been proud to honor, said, in explanation of this
system" 
Mr. STEWART. Fung Tang is a very smart
man, I know.
Mr. SUMNER. He is called here "as intel-
ligent and public spirited a merchant as ever
did business; a man whom Mr. A. T. Stew-
art, of New York, has been proud to honor."
But this remarkable person is excluded from
citizenship, and treated with indignity.
Mr. STEWART. I know Fung Tang very
well, and he is an able man ; but there are
not more than one or two hundred such Chi-
namen in this country, and they are only here
temporarily. They have not brought their
families with them. It is such men who com-
pose the six Chinese companies that have the
control of bringing Chinese here. If the Chi-
nese were voters you would go to Fung Tang
to make arrangements for their votes.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator accepts Fung
Tang as a witness. Now hear what he says:
"These people are not slaves; they are very poor
without our aid they could not come here; they
arrive in debt for their passage-money, and we
have to provide for them at once; when they get
work they pay off the money which wTe have loaned
them."
Mr. STEWART. That ia only part of the
story. That is not the way he states it.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems there were Chinese
merchants as long ago as 1852 in San Fran-
cisco, who addressed an admirable letter to
Governor Bigler, in which, among other things,
they say:
"These arrangements made at home seldom bring
thein further than San Francisco, and here the
Chinese traders furnish them the means of getting
to the mines. A groat deal of money is thus lent at
a nominal or a very low interest, which, to the credit
of our countrymen, we are able to say is almost inva-
riably repaid. Tho poor Chinaman does not come
here as a slave ; he comes because of his desire for
independence, and he is assisted by the charity of
his countrymen, which they bestow on him safely
because he is industrious and honestly repays them."
So at each stage in this discussion are differ-
ent witnesses, and we find how honest the
Chinese are, how truthful, how they stand by
their word ; and yet it was only the other day
that the Senator argued that if a Chinaman
were naturalized we could not believe him on
his oath.
Mr. STEWART. With regard to that I will
say that we have no proof of the truth of that
statement. I undertake to say that the China-
man, although he has a great many good qual-
ities, has no comprehension of an oath. I
used the first Chinese testimony in this coun-
try, in the case of The People vs. Hall. I got
the first Chinese interpreters in court, and the
case went to the supreme court of California,
where, I think, it was very improperly decided
that they were not entitled to testify ; but, sir,
it had to be admitted even by the friends of the
Chinese that it was impossible to conceive or
fiame any form of oath that they could under-
stand the obligation of. That is the fact of
the case. The merchants are a different class.
In matters of business they keep their word
faithfully ; but in the extracts read they were
making a defense against the charge that they
were holding those people as slaves, and they
undertook to account lor their influence over
them by saying that they were very honest and
paid back what was loaned them.
Mr. NYE. My colleague will allow me to
suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
if the statement he presents is true he can cer-
tainly have no opposition to the passage of this
bill. Then why not let it pass?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says let it pass.
I wish the bill perfected before it is passed. I
wish to carry out the noble ideas to which I
have listened from the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart.] He has pleaded the cause of
labor; he wishes to make labor honorable. The
Senator cannot vote to make it dishonorable ;
he cannot vote to put the mark of Cain upon
the Chinaman when he comes here. He must
help to enfranchise him and put him on com-
plete equality with all the rest of the commu-
nity. How otherwise can he be consistent with
Ms own utterances to-night? I look to him
confidently for his vote, and I hope that he will
exercise that just influence of a colleague over
my distinguished friend at my right, [Mr. Nye,]
and secure his vote also for the right.
My friend believes in the Declaration of
Independence, I know; and 1 know that he
will not willingly turn his back on its great
truths. He knows what a battle we have
fought, from the beginning, when our fathers
went into the field, down to our recent bloody
trials, for the rights of all; not of ourselves
alone, not of the negro, but of all, no matter
what the birth-place, the race, or religion—
of all men, of all mankind; and he knows
well that this country of ours was originally
consccrated as the great asylum of humanity.
Would he bar the gates, these vast gates of
ours? I know my friend too well; he would
have them stand open night and day, these
gates of civilization, open to the West, open
to the East, for the coming of all who choose
to come. Such, at least, is my aspiration.
With nothing less can I be content. Open
the gates to all, that our land may be as hos-
pitable as it is powerful. Open the gates to
all, that we may do justice to all.
Sir, only in this way can this nation live the
life to which it has been appointed. Anything
else is simply to organize a system of caste.
If caste be now recognized, as I fear from
what is said it may be in California, you will
not allow barbarous heathenism to spread over
this whole Republic. Rather let it be driven
back and sunk in that ocean which beats upon
the Pacific coast.
Something is said about the religion of the _
Chinese. I believe my excellent fiiend at my
right [Mr. Howard] even began to call them
"pagans," though he retreated a little from
that word.
Mr. HOWARD. I was quoting.
Mr. SUMNER. The word was in quotation
marks in my friend's speech. [Laughter.] I
know that he understands too well the history
of this ancient empire to use any sncli term
except with qualification ; but assuming that
they are not of our religion 
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator pardon
me? He could hardly have inferred that I
called them pagans, or meant to be understood
that they were pagans at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. While the Senator from
Massachusetts is pronouncing his eulogy on
the religion of the Chinese, I ask him if he has
heard of the recent account of the murder of
Christians in Pekin by the Chinese, just pub-
lished in the newspapers ?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have read everything in
the newspapers, I need not say with regret, and
with something of that incredulity with which
I read a similar report a few days back in
regard to the Jews. I hope that this report
has as little foundation, though I fear that
there has been a painful incident there ; but I
cannot believe that it is without some provo-
cation. But we have no accurate information,
as the Senator is aware. Therefore I do not
presume to express an opinion on the matter.
But I was passing no eulogy on the religion
of the Chinese ; I was about to make a remark
in an entirely different direction. We send
missionaries to the distant heathen, and there
are annual contributions for that purpose ; wise
contributions; but now the heathen come to
us. Will you drive them back? Rather do
them all the good you can, convert them here
on our own soil; but you cannot do this by any
lesson of exclusion and inequality. The Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Pomekoy] very properly
suggests that a returned Chinaman is worth
a dozen missionaries. But while he is here,
if he does not return, he comes under our
influences, he shares the good of oar churches,
