1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Retrenchmentbe
instructed to inquire into tho expediency of provid-
ing by law for the classification of the clerks in the
several Departments .so that they shall.be numbered
1, 2,3, and 4, No. 1 being the highest; and to provide
also that all original appointments shall be in the
fourth and lowest class, and that all appointments
in the other classes shall be made by promotion from
the next lower class according to merit.
army general officers.
Mr. WILSON. I offer a resolution and ask
for its consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to consider the expediency of adding
two to the number of Lieutenant Generals and of
reducing the number of major generals to three.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I desire
simply to say in explanation of the resolution
that the object contemplated by it is a reduc-
tion of the number of major generals from five
to three, and an addition of two to the number
of Lieutenant Generals. My objectin proposing
it, I will state frankly, is to do what I deem to
be justice to two very eminent generals, Gen-
eral Thomas and General Meade. General
Grant was made Lieutenant General, and then
General of the Army, and then elected Presi-
dent, and I have no doubt he will be again, and
that at the next election he will be as strong as
he was before, if not much stronger. General
Sherman was made Lieutenant General and then
General. General Sheridan has been made
Lieutenant General. Everybody admits the
great services and high character of General
Thomas, and the great services rendered to the
country by General Meade, -who commanded
at the battle of Gettysburg, I think the turn-
ing battle of the war; and it does seem to me
that we owe it to the country to make some
recognition of the services of these two very
eminent men. I have offered this resolution
directing the Committee on Military Affairs to
make the inquiry whether it is expedient to do
what I have suggested.
.Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I cer-
tainly have no objection to a resolution of
inquiry, and no objection to its going to the
committee; but I do not exactly see how the
Congress of the United States is going to pro-
mote the two distinguished generals to whom
the Senator has referred, and in regard to whom
I entirely agree that the nation owes them a
debt of gratitude, and that they performed most
distinguished services for the country. It does
not seem to me, however, that the creating of
two additional Lieutenant Generals will neces-
sarily accomplish the object. My own judg-
ment is, if it was to do over again, that we
have got too many high officers already; that
it would have been better when General Grant
left the office of General not to fill it, but to
leave General Sherman where he was, Lieu-
tenant General. I think that would have been
better, instead of creating new offices. I have
no objection, however, to the resolution, being
a resolution of inquiry, but I do not see practi-
cally how it accomplishes what is designed.
Mr. WILSON. I have no disposition to
discuss this question now. It is a mere reso-
lution of reference to a committee. I will only
say that if we reduce the number of major
generals, now five, and increase the number
of Lieutenant Generals by the addition of two,
the voice of the nation would unquestionably
point out the two major generals that were to
be promoted, and I have no doubt the Presi-
dent of the United States would be extremely
gratified to concur with the popular voice of
the nation in making that promotion.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I beg leave to
suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts to
put his resolution in an alternative form, to
inquire whetherthe number of Lieutenant Gen-
erals shall beincreased or diminished. I think
myself that the service would admit of an in-
crease of at least one Lieutenant General, but I j
think that there are already a great many offi- j
cers.in the military department and military
service of too high rank. I do not think there
is any necessity for so many of them. I think
that the number could be decreased without
any detriment to the military service and with
considerable advantage to the Treasury. I
think, at any rate, the subject of inquiry ought
to be _ whether they should be increased or
diminished, and I think that is the proper form
in which to refer this inquiry to the military
committee.
The resolution was adopted.
consulate at port said.
. Mr. NYE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the. Committee on Commerce be
requested to inquire into the expediency and pro-
priety of establishing an American consulate at Port
baid, m Lgypt.
little rock arsenal.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish the Senate with information as to whether
the land m the city of Little Rock, Arkansas, for-
merly used by the United States for the purpose of
an arsenal, is further required for military purposes.
specie payments,
Mr. SUMNER. There is a bill that I intro-
duced some time ago on which the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] desires to deliver
some opinions, and he desires to do it before
the Senate adjourns; and the Senator from
Ohio, the chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee, also desires that the bill should be referred
to his committee. I hope, therefore, that the
Senate will be good enough to take up the bill
in order to give the Senator from Wisconsin
an opportunity to make the remarks which he
wishes to make.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are still in order.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Sen-
ator from Nebraska morning business to pre-
sent?
Mr. THAYER. I rise for the purpose of
introducing business which comes within the
morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska presents morning-hour busi-
ness. The morning-hour business is not yet
concluded.
national cemeteries.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Attorney General bo directed
to iurnish to the Senate a copy of any opinion deliv-
ered by liim relating to our national cemeteries in
the lately rebellious States, and on the question
whether it is necessary to obtain the consent of the
Legislatures of the States in which those cemeteries
aj;e located for the permanent continuance of tho
said ccmeteries therein.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to state the reasons
which have induced me to offer this resolution.
I have seen floating around in the newspapers
what purported to be an extract from the opin-
ion of the Attorney General on that question,
and I desire to know the facts. The statement
is made that he has rendered an opinion that
it is necessary to obtain the consent of the Legis-
latures of the States within which those ceme-
teries are located for their permanent contin-
uance, and that they should be paid for. I have
been led to believe, and I still believe, that
those who fell fighting in behalf of our national
existence earned a fall and unqualified title to
the resting-places where their bodies sleep. If
they are to be disturbed on the refusal of the
Legislatures to give their consent I desire to
know it; or rather, I will say, I am opposed to
asking the consent of any Legislature or of any-
body else to secure the undisturbed possession
of the soil inclosed within those cemeteries.
They died in the defense of their country and
their resting-places are hallowed spots. Sir, I
am ready, for one, to say that if need be we will
fight through another war to hold forever sacred
the graves where our heroes sleep.
The resolution was adopted.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing joint resolution, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) of tribute
to the memory of George Peabody, deceased;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 98) donating
cannon for the erection of an equestrian statue
of General U. S. Grant.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 281) to promote the recon-
struction of the State of Georgia ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) disap-
proving of a contract for leasing the custom-
house block in San Francisco; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 88) suspending
existing provisions of law for taking the census.
importation of chinese.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning-
hour business is now concluded.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
279 with a view to its reference. It will take
but a minute.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator waive
that motion for a moment to allow us to con-
sider the resolution from the House proposing
an extension of the recess?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senator will
excuse me. I will not take over two or three
minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Oregon.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 279) to
regulate the immigration of Chinese into the
United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Secretary to
read the bill at length.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows :
_ Re it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, lhat any contract or agreement to procure aid
or encourage the importation or immigration of
Chinese into the Umted States shall be null and void,'
and any Person entering into any such contract or
agreement shal l be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in a sum
not less that &>00, and imprisoned not less than six
0 °5 S discretion of the court.
bec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That any contract
or agreement to employ or to furnish employment to
any Chinaman, or as to the nature or term of his ser-
vice, or as to the.amountoruseofhiswagcs, prior to
  /™^era£on mtothe UnitedStates, shalVbe null
and void, and any person entering into such contract
sh.aJl Ije subject to conviction and pun-
«£? ■> a5 B5Ckvl<ltl? ln,foregoing section.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any contract
or agreement for or on behalf of iny vessel of "hi if to
transport any Chinaman into the United! tatelmSde
slall beVun P!rS0B ™ to btSporS
such contract or^agr^'meiH^h^U^^subfeet^f ^
Jl&dPUniShm^
Mmmmm
rointSo^ ™™b^nt a/irt^edeinSthb,eefore?
betawfulforlny'vfe* orSf\That U s!?a11 not
United States mv p transport into tho
by her husband n? Si woman not accompanied
the woman to thi ™! * and such relationship of
evidenced hv «s ?ec?mPanying her shall bo
efficient document attested by
tho vmS ! consul and furnished to the officer of
womMlherVfmS: ?nd b°foro th,e departure oft e
sai™docamen?^in,„aiiy.part °LthcLUnited States
