800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
of any vessel or ship shall subject, the offender to
conviction and punishment as provided in the fore-
going section.
St:o. 6. And be it farther enacted, That this act shall
not be construed to deny to Chinamen free from any
contract or obligation of service the right of volun-
tary immigration into the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, represent-
ations have been made that this bill was in-
tended to prohibit altogether the immigration
of Chinese into the United States. I wish to
correct that impression by referring to section
six of the bill which provides—
That this act shall not be construed to deny to
Chinamen free from any contract or obligation of
service the right of voluntary immigration into the
United States.
All that this bill proposes to do is to prevent
as far as practicable the importation of coolies
and dissolute Chinese women into the United
States. Agreements and contracts made for
the importation of coolies before their immi-
gration aredeclared void, and vessels and ships
are prohibited from entering into any such con-
tracts or agreements except with the persons
who are to be transported. It is also made
penal for any person in the United States to
recognize, execute, or enforce any such agree-
ment, no matter where it may be made.
I suppose everybody knows that there is a
class of persons in China, whether they are
slaves or not I will not undertake to say, who
are subject to the will and authority of another
class ot persons there, and are transported to
different parts of the world as laborers without
any will or choice of their own in tho matter;
and it is to protect the laboring men of this
country as far as practicable from competi-
tion by this class of degraded and dependent
persons, who arc compelled to work for wages
upon which a freeman would starve.
Now, sir, as to the fifth section it undertakes
to regulate the importation of Chinese women,
i wish to read an extract or two from Califor-
nia newspapers descriptive- of scenes which
occur there upon the arrival of ships from
. China. I read now an extract from a late num-
ber of the San Francisco Bulletin:
" fAo Women Slaves.—A remarkablo spectacle was
tho landing of the women and girls, of whom tbero
were two hundred and forty 011 hoard. Itwasliko
landing a drovo of sheop or cows. At all points of
t.ho com pais were men to drivo them, and they camo
the boat in squads of fiftoon or twenty at atimo.
J he policemen and Chinese 'bosses' kent each
squad together, anil drovo tho cntiro crowd into a
cornor under thoslicd, and there thcystood, watched
as closely as ever was guarded a gang of slaves in
tho bouth. 11 a China woman resident hoio ap-
!>n>aelied too near I ho pmcs she was seized and
pushed awny, and if any of the new eomcrs left tho
crowd she was driven back or seized by the back of
he neelc and shoved to her placoagain. Most of
4hoso who came are young girl.-, many of them not
oyer twelve or thirteen year.-: of ;ind nine tenths
ntlcjiataro for imrpouvs of prostitution.
AlloimnilQf Wave*.—Thid business of imnoiting
Munose women lias 1k>oh reduced to it.syi-tem. Seven
or eight.car* (extras) of tho omnibus line were re-
served for tno transportation of tho women to tho
(yinncbO quarters. Info Uiono tho crcumies were
driven by sqwifls under the tfuanHnn^iip of police-
iiion, and hauled to a point on Jackson street above
Uupont. ibero was another immense multitude of
tyiunamen, all evidently laboring under much men-
tal excitement. lho women then ran tho gauntlet
"wm...- "! ?ltcY' whic'h was one of tho narrowest
and filthiest in the city, was lined with China men
ana women, the strangers wero driven through it
IiVlnilW11?0 nck?ty old steps leading to tho bupont
e ter'.anf  nto tho into! that wretched place
.they were agam herded. Hoic, too, was a guard of
i],m to Motcet the infamous trnilicers in
' i i'S'nv? stand by and keep the peace,
On thff Chinamen do not kidnap women.
Inntii&l ?.i18 ?' 'P11 mon. the meanest-
looking fellows of the entire lot, and one Iccherous-
'i°; wh? k°Pt Jabbering away at the
rtomen. Here these slaves—slaves to tho most un-
!mm0.rab and cruel owners—are assorted,
thnw ?.r J* «cr' ^ rrS. * S1X eomPanies to which
they aie consigned, this operation had not been
commenced when we loft the place."
I read an extract from the Grass Valley Union
or -December 2:
,.„r,™0Y -pYou' J1 Chinaman of this place, has just
returned from San Francisco, wbither he went to
inspect the slave market. He purchased one fair
moSmient°i, r'3 ' and would hwe purchased
SS' A°-m«rkct hi*h- Sirlx. aro in
Grass Valley. ChowTou says that large importa-
tions are to follow from China, the big companies
and some 'Melican men' being interested in the
trado. The women cost tho companies little except
passage-money and some 'black mail' on arrival."
These extracts, as I am informed, illustrate
scenes that transpire now upon the arrival of
every steamship from China, and this practice
of importing female slaves for base purposes
has become a settled business, in which not
only Chinamen, but unprincipled Americans
are engaged; and the object of the sixth sec-
tion of this bill is to check as far as possible
that infamous traffic.
I suppose there is nothing in this bill incon-
sistent with any treaty, for it is in the nature
of a police regulation, and I presume that the
United States has the power to protect itself
from this rapidly-mcreasing influx of vice,
crime, and pollution. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the passages
read by the honorable Senator from Oregon
certainly present a very dark picture, one well
calculated to attract the attention of the Gov-
ernment ; but he cannot fail to notice, nor can
the Senate fail to notice, that the bill which he
has moved to refer, as presented by himself, is
not by any means confined to this particular
class of Chinamen and Chinawomen. It does
not relate to coolies, but relates to the whole
population of China; and, so far as I could
gatherfrom it during the reading of it by the
Clerk, it appears to me to evince a spirit of
absolute proscription against the whole Chinese
population. It prohibits the making of any
contract whatever with a Chinaman for his
immigration to the United States and for his
service here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; but he has fallen into the same mistake
that I attempted to correct. I call the atten-
tion of the Senator to the sixth section of the
bill, which says in so many words " that th\g
act shall not be construed to deny to Chinamen
free from any contractor obligation of service
the_ right of voluntary immigration into the
United States." All that this bill proposes to
do is simply to prohibit companies in the Uni-
ted States, Chinese companies or other com-
panies, from entering into contract with the
owners or those who control the coolies in
China for their importation ; but it allows any
contract between an individual Chinaman and
an employer after his arrival in the United
States, and it permits any contract in China
for the purpose of immigration by any person
who desires to come to this country.
Mr. HOWARD. If 1 understand the pas-
sage upon which the honorable Senator relies
it allows the free immigration of Chinese into
tho Lmted States, and there it stops; but it
certainly does prohibit the making of any con-
tract with Chinamen, whether high or low, to
emigrate from their own country to this and
to enter into service in this country; does it
not? Does it not prohibit absolutely the mak-
I ing of any contract in China for service m the
united States and the consequent immigration
of the Chinese into the United States ? I so un-
derstand it. I desire to call to the attention of
the committee towhomthisbill may be referred
that very singular provision of this bill. It is
not unlawful for an American to make a con-
tract with an Indian even in Canada or else-
where out of the limits of the United States for
the service of the person employed in the Uni-
ted States. There is no law, and never has been
a law so far as I know, prohibiting such con-
tracts. If they are fairly and honorably entered
into they are as binding as any other contracts,
and J. should like to know ho w it has happened
that the Chinese, with whom we have just en-
tered into a treaty of friendship and commerce
are to be excluded from the right which is
enjoyed by the people of all other nations of
the earth, and even by our own aborigines.
J ne right of individual immigration into the
U nited States, 1 notice, is preserved bv the bill.
J hat is all well enough. 1 have no fault to find
with that; but I do object to a discrimination
against the whole population 0f China, such as
is embraced in this bill. I think it incompat-
ible with the spirit of our treaty with China, and
unkind and unfair.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, before this
bill is referred I want to call the attention of
the committee to whom it is to be referred to
the third section. That is, that any contract
oragreement for or in behalf of any vessel or
ship to transport Chinamen into the United
States made by any other person than the
persons to be transported shall be void ; that
is,-that every person to oe transported must
make a contract for himself, which is entirely
impracticable. A person buying transporta-
tion from one country to another cannot in
every instance do it for himself. A person
may be under age; he may have a guardian.
There may be_ children belonging to parents
who are immigrating to this country. It is
impossible to execute the provisions of that
section. It is often difficult for persons to make
individual contracts in such cases; it is .not
only impracticable and inconvenient, but im-
possible.
Then the_ fifth section is entirely in conflict
with the sixth. The sixth section says that
the act shall not be construed to deny to Chi-
namen free from any contract or obligation of
service the right of voluntary immigration to
this country. It depends altogether upon who
the Chinaman is whether it conflicts with it
or not.
Mr. HOWARD.. What class he belongs to.
Mr- POMEROY. What class he belongs
to. The_ fifth section prevents the transport-
ing to this country of any Chinese woman not
accompanied by her husband or father. Is it
to be supposed that every Chinese woman who
desires to emigrate from China to this country
has a husband or a father living? Is she bound
to have a husband or father to emigrate with
her? What kind of equality of citizenship is
that? That whole provision is against the
theory of our Government. The Senator from
Oregon^ in his remarks says that this is only
to discriminate against a certain class ; but the
objection is that in that effort we discriminate
against the whole.
_ Then the second objection is that this fur-
nishes a new and unheard of form of marriage
certificate. Every such woman is to furnish evi-
dence of her marriage "attested by an Amer-
ican consul" in China in order that she may
be transported to this country ; and then in the
United States, when she arrives here, the cer-
tificate is to be " delivered to the collector of
the proper district, whose duty it shall bo to
inquire into the facts." What kind of duty is
that to impose upon a collector, to inquire into
the facts of every marriage?
_ Mr. CONKLING. And what kind of a duty
is it to impose to be inquired into ? I think
that is a point.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes. The Senator from
Oregon intimates that this bill is to prevent
slavery or the importation of coolies. AH I
have to say m regard to that is, that this Gov-
ernment is sufficiently high-toned and stron"
to destroy both slavery and this sort of appren-
ticeship called the coolie system. The time
was, perhaps, when we could not do it; but
now when a person in any such condition of
lestramt touches our shores his shackles fall,
as was said many years ago of another country
by a distinguished orator who gave utterance to
boyhood tlmen'S aS W6 haVe rePeated from our
Mr. President, l am for the suppression of
, e, .Is. trade, and I am for suppressing this
trade if it is a slave trade; but I am not for
discriminating against persons who propose to
become American citizens, whether they are
white or black, whether they are from China
or from Africa.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I did not,
expect that the motion I made lu k-i'.t ibis
bill, with tho explanation J inudi'. wr.,,U ,,'ie
