1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4445
luivt; uo government. Let me repeat words
spokan ia February last an this subject-;
"Let iiic draw a parallol between tboCahan cause
now ami the revolutionary oauso when our fore-
fathers were fighting far independence. After th«
abandonment ot Pmlaoelplna, coi^scqucnt upon rh o
lorsi of tho battle of iirandy wiuc, in September,177V,
our revolutionary Coogiess mis-rated first to Lan-
caster, Pennsylvania, then to York, and finally to
Annapolis towns whoso united population at that
day scarce equaled that of Guaimaro, the former
Cuban capital: am! yet Senator SusiNEit and oar gifted
President attempt to belittle the Cuban struggle by
callmgit 'a gueiriila war,' and declaring they have
'no fixed locality lor their government,' or 'posscs-
sk n ot towns or prize courts.' Had wo prize courts
in ou.r day? of straggle?
" ta t _u-_ ghi'.icc further afc our own history. In
'\pi il, 177'"), the first blood was shed at Lexington.
()iii1 hundred and twenty-five meo resisted oighth'un-
drotU-SrHi.iti grenadiers, and wereeompellodto retire
from the contest leaving tbreo or four dead on the
field, On tho 17th of June of the same year Bunker
Hill became immortal by our resistance; wo were
routed oovei thelc^s. December 31 wc were repulsed
hetoie Quob"o, where the noble Irishman. Mont-
gomery, gave up bis life for tt«. In June, 1778, in-
cluding iho troops found at I\rew York. Washing-
ton's whole army, exclusive of :v few losiments left
m g.'l rison at Boston or sent to tho not Item depait-
men', ilid not exceed twenty-five hundred men, very
imperfeetlv equippedandscantilyprovided. Tosjip-
piy the deficiency Congress had called for thirteen
tlv.usaud eight hundred men from Xew England,
Hew York, and A;e\v Jersey, and for to,5 thousand
too:e liimi Pennsylvania, Induware, aud Maryland.
Tiu«e ivere designed to con-utulc "p. flying
camp'(31 r. Soi!m:e objects to ' camps') for t he pio-
tection ot New Jersey, (,'jee llildrelh, vol. 3, p. 1-11.)
Julv-I,177t>, wo declared our independence. August,
27, "Washington suffered defeat on Long Island ami
abandoned New York. October 23, in consequence
of another defe.at at YHiite Plains he abandoned
New Jersey and mired west of tile Delaware Ttien.
in the sternest hour of the struggle, scarcely one of
the people joined the retreating arm-.-, whil" nmn-
beis weio daily flocking to the royal standard to
obtniu forgiveness and protection. Kot only tho
lower classes changed sides in this glooinv season of
adversity, but some of the leading men m i\rew Jersoy
and Pennsylvania, partieulaily Mr. Galloway and
Mr Allen, tiro members of Congress adopted tho
same d-tttardly expedient, and declared themselves
'at all times aveisc to independence.'
"liien, in this 'time that tried men's souls,' Wash-
ington said, 'If overpowered we must cross the
Alleghany mountains.' Congress fled for safety to
.Baltimore.
'Thus v,-o find from A pril, 177o, to December, 17711,
twenty months of defeat and calamity, relieved only
by lit hun Allen's capture ot Tieonderoga. Suddenly
"Washington, by his da-di on Trenton and Princeton
in the last week of the year, convei ted despondency
into hope. His whole force consisted of twenty-five
hundred, men and six pieces of artillery. Cuba has
done more in fourteen months than we did in twenty
month"!, or up to the battle of Trenton. She has
more men under arms and has larger armies to fight
against than wo had.''
To fortify and attempt, to hold either sea-
ports or positions on the part of the patriots is
regarded as inexpedient. That would absorb
forces that cannot be spared far the purpose,
so long at least as the number of amis and
amount of ammunition at the disposal at' the
Cubans are so scanty. The revolutionary heroes
did not' hold New York. Boston, Philadelphia,
or Charleston in that struggle. Were the
patriots to occupy a sea-part., the Spaniards,
having so great a superiority in arras and men,
would concentrate a heavy force and invest
that port in such manner as to cut off all com-
munication between its garrison and the in-
'terior, and thus destroy its value. So long as
the Cubans do not have an abundance ol arms
they will be restricted to defensive operations.
Their want of arms and ammunition is attrib-
utable in a great degree to the close blockade
kept up by the American-built gun-boats in
the Spanish service, sent there by our Gov-
ernment, but more particularly to _tbe harsh
and unjust manner in which the United States
and England have construed and acted upon
the so-called neutrality laws. So vigilantly
has England guarded Spanish interests she
seized the Lillian, plundered and sold her cargo,
and in order not to be behind John Bull, this
Government or its philo-Spanish officials, took
the Hornet. The Hornet was released on Mon-
day, but with distinct understanding that she
shall not be used as a war vessel. What a ion-
frast between this ease and that of the Spanish
gun-boais!
There are at least ten Cubans ready and
anxious to take and use every gun lauded upon
Cuban shores against Spain and in favor of
independence. This applies to the colored men
as well, tyho seem to show tho profoundest
appreciation of thoir now form of liberty—tho
first fruit of the revolution—and exhibit the
warmest devotion to tho cause which gave them
that supreme boon.
The revolution does, indeed, represent the
whole native population, black and white. At
heart all Cubans are in sympathy with tho
movement; all wish it success, and are ready
to enter into it at the earliest moment practi-
cable ; that is, as soon as they can lay hands on
gunsand powder. So far, wherever the patriots
eould get together one hundred guns, the revo-
lution would burst out at once. Many combats
have been fought with four or live rounds of
ammunition to each Cuban. Even at the light
with Puello, General Jordan defeated him with
only live hundred and forty-eight armed men,
one piece of artillery, and ten rounds of am-
munition ; while Puello's force, according to
Spanish accounts, consisted of twenty-two hun-
dred choice Spanish infantry, four guns, and
about two hundred cavalry. The Spaniards
lost over six hundred ofhcecs and men.
The greater part of the arms and ammuni-
tion used by Spain in Cuba for the suppression
of the rebellion have been purchased in the
United States, and no restriction whatever
has been imposed upon their transportation.
On the other band, every possible effort has
been made by Uniled States officials to pre-
vent tho Cubans sending a gun or a cartridge
to be used in self-defense against the arms so
bounteously supplied from New York. Tho
British consul general at Havana, in April,
iSd'J, seven months after the beginning of tho
war, estimates that fifteen hundred Cubans
had been executed on suspicion, and two thou-
sand more unarmed Cubans massacred. It is
well known, and all authorities concur, that
the war has increased in intensity and ferocity.
This is exclusive of those in the field; unarmed
and armed persons, at this rate, seventeen per
day. One hundred days have elapsed since
this report should have been in.
Sncli is the operation of the present law as
now malartministered. An atrocious Euro-
pean tyranny is enabled to butcher with fright-
ful ferocity an American people with arms
furnished here in the ports and cities of the
United States, aud that American people—for
tho Cubans are born and raised in America as
well as the colored people of tho island, to
whom I snail presently allude—are cruelly
denied access lo the. same markets for the
means of sheer defense. This is done, too, by
England, and especially by our Government,
when our Government officials well know that
tho wives and daughters of the Cubans are
diiven fiom their homos to tho woods half
naked and exposed to tho weather to escape
from treatment at the handsof the brutal Span-
ish soldiery, which recalls the most shameful
incidents of Spanish history, but defies even a
parallel in I hose blood stained pages.
If the wives and daughters of those who are
tho American apologists of Spain in this mat-
ter could but see the truth in regard to their
suffering sisters)n Cuba they would soon silence
such raen as uphold the doctrines of the Span-
ish attorney, Caleb Cashing, which we had au
opportunity to reacl this morning. There was a
time when h.' had ahear'., when he had sympa-
thy lor the downtrodden, but now the fountains
of Ins nature seem to be dried up : gold, 1 fear,
has become his idol, his god; and he is found
using the remains of what once was a splendid
intellect in patching up a case against the poor
Cubans, the burden ot which is advising them
to lay down their arms and submit quietly to
be murdered by those monsters m humau
form, the Spanish volunteersi
More than one hundred thousand men are
ready ami willing in Cuba to take up arms as
.10011 as they can obtain them. Unfortunately
the President of the United States, in h'.s mes-
sage of yesterday, U'ds the gallant fellows who
are fighting for liberty against tyranny and
oppression to give up the conflict, today dowh
their arms and let the Spaniards take them ;
when he knows, and so does every one else,
that thoir arms will be used in murdering those
who surrender, and not only them, but their
wives and families. Hell itself does not con-
taiu worse or more blood-thirsty and oowardly
villains than those who go now to make up the
Spanish force in Cuba, such as the convicts,
who are called the battalion of order; and cer-
tainly there is not a more bloody and despica-
ble Governmentoutside of the infernal regions
than that of Spain. But arms will soou be in
Cuba for those patriots, despite the efforts of
the allied Governments of the United States,
England, and Spain.
I would say something further about our
President and his Secretary of State, but for-
bear, ami leave them to the condemnation of
the American people without regard to party,
and to the judgment of a just God, who will be
sure to hold them responsible for the blood of
innocent victims such as Wyeth and Speak-
man, and the murder of defenseless women
and children by the fiendish Spaniards. Had
it not been for the continuous efforts of our
Government., backed up and itfded by England,
arms would have long since been in the hands
of enough Cubans to have made Cuba free.
The President says in his message of yester-
day :
" 1 h.avo. sincc the beginning of the present session
of Congress, communicated to the Holiseof Keprc-
sonhltives, upon their request, an account of the
steps which I had taken in hope of bringing this sad
conflict to an end, and of securing to the people of
Cuba tho blessings and the right of independent self-
government."
Were the subject not sueh a serious one wo
might fairly call this a joke. If taking the
side of Spain as against Cuba in his last annual
message is evidence of the truth of his asser-
tion m regard to Cuban freedom, then we might
give his statement some credence, it is a well-
known fact that'since the period to which he
alludes, right under his own notice and within
his own knowledge, a fleet of thirty gun-boats
left New York and the Connecticut river armed
with American guns, American seaman, Amer-
ican engineers, American ammunition, AmetM
ican stores and provisions, for Cuban waters to
prey upon the Cubans in every possible way.
The President had it in his power to prevent
this, and it was his sworn duty to do so in exe-
cution of the laws of neutrality as they stand
now on the statute-books, as can he shown by
the ordinary principles of legal construction ;
but he did not choose to do so. On the other
hand, he encouraged the monstrous proceed-
ing ; moils'rous in view of the fact that a peo-
ple, following the example of our forefathers,
were struggling for what he calls " the bless-
ings and the right of independent self-govern-
ment.
Since " the steps he has laken"' in regard to
ending the fray he has permitted the Hornet,
a Cuban vessel, to be seize-d and dismantled
and fhe Cuban property to be taken by our
Government, Thirty-five thousand stand of
arms have been publicly taken from New York
by the Spaniards. As tho Chief Executive he
permitted the sale of two fifteen-inch guns to
Spain, which are mounted in the harbor of
Havana. Since that time the acting consul at
Santiago de Cuba was driven from his post,
the American flag insulted, and the consul's
life was not taken simply because he was pro-
tected by the British liag. I know that there
was a very bitter dental of this, and denuncia-
tion of Jlr. Philips, the acting consul, oa this
floor; hut this is a weil-known device, a fraudu-
lent attempt to blind the American people to
the real issue, so as to keep thorn quiet under
the insult.
Mr. Philips is in fhe city, and his reply has
been upon the tables of members, lie is cor-
roborated by the statement of the British con-
sul, as also by the American Adeairai Uoff
and the printed documents of the State Depart-
