1870.
tbi congressional globe.
3501
of the people of the District of Colombia, what
right they have to take one hundred feet of
that Market square and give it up for the pur-
poses of stores and a hotel? Do not gentlemen
know that there is not room enough there now
for the present market? Yet this bill pro-
poses to take off one hundred feet of it for the
purposes of stores and a hotel. If we wish to
dispose of this land then put it fairly into the
market We can easily get $1,000,000 for it.
The Senate propose to pay $800,000 to private
holders for some land oa Capitol hill. If the
land be worth $500,000 up here, this land in
theheartof the city is worth atleast $1,000,000.
Yet it is proposed to give it away to this private
corporation for the pittance of $25,000 a year.
Now, the common council of this city have
unanimously protested against the passage of
this bill. They appeal to Congress not to pass
this bill. I ask the Clerk to read the paper
which I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Betolved by the Board of Alderman and Board of
Common Council of the city of Washington, That the
committee to represent the interests of the corpora-
tion before Congress are hereby instructed immedi-
ately to wait on the Senate Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and respectfully but earnestly
request them not to favor the bill (No. 1084) which
passed the House of Representatives on Friday last,
giving the valuable franchise of the Center Market
into toe hands of a private company, and thereby
establishing a monopoly, entirely contrary to the
almost unanimous wishes of our citizens.
"Bfolved, That the said committee are also in-
structed to request the committee to secure the pas-
cage of a bill before the adjournment of the present
Congress, authorizing this corporation to issue bonds
to tne amount of $1,000,000, at an annual interest of
six per cent., payable at or before the expiration of
twenty years, for the purpose of creating a loan, to be
known as the market-house fund exclusively; and
further, to request the passage of an act to enable
this corporation to erect a suitable building on the
grounds now occupied by the Center Market, the
same to be completed by such time as Congress may
determine."
It is hereby certified that the above is a true copy
of the resolutions passed by the board of aldermen
and board of common oounoil of this oity, by the
unanimous vote of each board, on the 21st day of
March last, and was approved by the mayor the
same day.
There were present at the meeting at whioh the res-
olutions were passed all the members of the board
of aldermen, including Messrs. Crocker, Emery, and
Connolly, three of the corporators named in the bill,
and all the members of the board of common ooun-
cil excepting two, Messrs. Johnson and Simms.
Given under my hand and seal of office, this 4th
day of May, 1870. S. J. BOW EN, Mayor.
Mr. VAN WYCK. That was the action of
the common councils of this city, some of the
corporators named in this bill taking part affirm-
atively. At a later day, when the matter was
pressed upon the attention of Congress with-
out any expression of the wishes of the repre-
sentatives of the people, another written pro-
test was made by this same board of common
council. This was only a few days ago. In
this protest it is stated that a great majority
of the people of this city are opposed to this
bill. The common council of this city ask
Congress to allow the citizens of Washington
to vote upon this bill. I ask, will not Congress
give them fhe poor privilege of signifying their
wish on this matter? Shall we refuse these
people, who have no representative on this
floor, when they come to ask ns the poor priv-
ilege of casting their ballots whether this shall
become a law or not? Shall we, I say, refuse
to grant them this poor privilege?
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
inform as whether in the original plan of the
city this ground was dedicated to the purposes
of a market-house?
. Mr. VAN WYCK. I understand that it
was.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I will ask the
further question whether this bill does anything
else but substitute a new market-house for the
old sheds?
Mr. VAN WYCK. Yes, sir; inasmuch as
it takes one hundred feet of the ground appro-
priated for a market- house and appropriates it
for stores and a hotel. It takes the ground
for other purposes than were contemplated in
the trust. Will the gentleman tell me that
taking one hundred feet of this ground, which
is only three hundred feet deep, is not a sub-
stitution of other than market purposes? I
ask the gentleman his opinion as a lawyer.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not know any-
thing about the provisions of this bill. But if
it be the fact that this ground was dedicated
for market-house purposes, and this bill pro-
poses merely to build a market-house, then I
see no objection to it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. But I desire to state to
the gentleman that it does more. It proposes
to take one hundred feet of this ground and to
have on it stores and a hotel. And I ask the
gentleman as a lawyer if that is not a substi-
tution of other purposes than those intended
in the original dedication. I have had the
plan of the market building brought here, and
shall ask two of the officers of the House to
hold it up so that the House may see it. Gen-
tlemen will see that the design includes, as I
have said, Btores and a hotel. I say you have
no right to majfe such a diversion of the ground
from the purposes originally intended. I know
that the newspapers in this District are say-
ing that all that is wanted is a market-house.
But I say that beyond that they desire to put
this valuable franchise into the hands of a few
men for the purpose of enabling them to raise
tribute from the people of this city.
Mr. LOGAN. I will ask the Doorkeeper to
bring the drawings before the House so that it
can see them. [The designs of the proposed
market-house were here brought forward and
placed conspicuously in front of the Speaker's
desk.] I ask the attention of the House while
I make some explanations designed to show
that there is nothing alarming in this matter;
that there is no occasion for the high degree
of alarm manifested by the gentleman from
New York. I desire to make a brief statement,
precisely such a statement as ought to be made;
that is, in accordance with the facts. In the
first place, then, the city of Washington some
years ago asked permission to bnild a market-
house. That permission was given, but the
city failed to build it. They have ever failed
to bnild it. This bill waB introduced in the
House, and passed the House without the
amendments subsequently made to it. Then
Mayor Bowen and the common council passed
the resolutions of which the gentleman from
New York has spoken in reference to the
bill.
Mayor Bowfcn, on behalf of the city and the
city council, appeared before, the committee of
the Senate, and there proposed certain amend-
ments. What were they? First, that they
should strike out certain names from the board
of corporators, and pnt in others on behalf of
the city. This was done. Then he proposed
to insert that after thirty years the city should
have the privilege of taking this market-house
on paying the first cost to the company, on a
valuation to be made by act of Congress. He
proposed his amendment and the Senate com-
mittee agreed to it. Then he proposed other
amendments which the Senate committee
agreed to. And then in behalf of the city he
told the committee that he hoped the bill would
Dass and he so wrote in his letter, which is now
in the hands of Senator Morrill, of Vermont.
Senator Morrill,of Vermont,Senator Hamlin,
and Senator Stockton, of New Jersey, were on
the committee of conference, and the gentleman
from New York, Mr. Tanner, and the gentle-
man from New York, Mr. Van Wyck, and my-
self. In that committee the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Wyck] introduced these
resolutions, and he asked that certain amend-
ments should be made in order to satisfy
somebody, whom I do not know, and none of
us knew. But we agreed to every proposition
that he made. After One of the Senators told
him and all of us that the bill as amended by
the Senate was satisfactory to Mayor Bowen
and to those men who had been opposing it,
then the gentleman from New York [Mr. Tan-
ker] and myself agreed to each and every one
of the amendments, so that it should be satis-
factory. We increased the amount that the
market-house shall pay the city from $16,000
to $25,000 a year. That amount is to be paid
to the city every year. The city will be saved
the cost of building the house, will have that
amount annually paid into its treasury for
school purposes or charities, and then at the
end of thirty years the city, on paying the
amount expended for the building, is to receive
the house as the property of the city.
That was the proposition to which we agreed.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van
Wyck,] then, in order to prevent thieving—I
hope there will be none, but the gentleman was
alarmed almost to death, supposing the whole
country was going to be robbed by somebody—
desired that we should have an amendment
made to the bill that these corporators should
meet at the Interior Department—not at the
National Hotel, as was provided in the bill,
but at the Interior Department—so that every
citizen of Washington may have an oppor-
tunity to subscribe to the stock of this mar-
ket-house. We agreed to that amendment,
although it was foreign to the bill and had not
been proposed either in the House or in the
Senate. We agreed to all the propositions he
made in behalf of these people, and after they
were made and had all been agreed to, to our
utter astonishment he refused to sign the report.
These are the facts about it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman allow
me a word?
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot yield. I am stating
the facts.
Mr. VAN WYCK. He says they were sur-
prised at my course.
Mr. LOGAN. No; I said nothing about
being surprised at your course. I said we were
surprised that you did not sign the report.
Mr. VAN WYCK. The gentleman says
they adopted all my propositions of amend-
ment. I proposed that in the distribution of
thestocksome officerofthe Government should
be appointed to preside at the first meeting,
when the stock is to be subscribed and distrib-
uted. That the gentleman objected to.
Mr. LOGAN. I will explain that to the
gentleman's satisfaction. I cannot yield fur-
ther.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I would rather make my
own explanation.
Mr. LOGAN. Perhaps I was in error when
I said that we agreed to all the gentleman's
amendments. I meant the amendments which
pertain to the bill. He did suggest one amend-
ment which we did not adopt. He suggested
that the Secretary of the Interior, a Cabinet
officer of the Government, should by law be
required to preside at this meeting of stock-
holders, and we refused to do it, because we
said that it would be indecent to make it part
of the duty of a Cabinet officer to preside over
a meeting held for the purpose of subscribing
for stock.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Did you not also refuse
to put in the name of any other officer of the
Government?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield further to the
gentleman. I am not misstating what occurred.
We did not agree to put in the name of any
officer of the Government, because we did not
think it decent legislation to require an officer
of the Government to preside at a meeting of
corporators as a part of his duty as an officer
of the Government. Such a thing is quite
unheard of. It has never been done before.
There is in front of the Clerk's desk a plan
of the market-house that is to be built, and
gentlemen can examine it. We provide in the
bill that these men shall build the house pre-
cisely in accordance with that plan. We pro-
vide further, that they must commence the
work within sixty days after the Stock is sub-
scribed. We provide further, that if after six
months they shall have failed to comply with
any of the provisions of this law they shall
forfeit all they have expended in the work and
