1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
away from their father's house and the fold,
we had got to take the material that remained
for a nucleus for government. But now there
is no necessity for pushing at once a vote on
the Chinese. I have had ten years' intercourse
with these people ; and, aslhave said, my mind
is- not made up as to what should be done.
Were they all like the merchants whom my
friend has spoken of, everybody would say
amen; but they are not.
The Chinese of the higher classes, those who
belong to the governing and ruling class of
China, do not come here at all, and they never
will. They are wedded to that celestial soil
and empire, and when the poor and degraded
Chinaman comes here the agreement is to take
him back, to bury him; and he desires it because
he believes he could rise in no other land but
that celestial land. No matter what you call
them, I do not care whether you call thfin
pagans or not, that is their belief. I believe I
can rise up as perfect and happy in. the soil of
our own America ; and I believe further, in the
light of the intelligence I have received, that
in whatever soil we are buried we shall rise at
the time prescribed.
Let these people step along; they are infant-
ile now ; stay up their hand until they get to
standing in the stature and full strength of
manhood and then let them vote, if we deem
it sarfe and proper.
I have made these remarks as a sort of neu-
tral ground between these two extremes. I
apprehend none of the dangers prophesied by
the Senator from California, and I confess I
do not, share in all the dangers that are seen
by my honorable friend from Oregon. Per-
haps he is right; perhaps he is wrong; and
for the very reason that he may he right I
counsel prudence. Let«uS pass this bill; try
it, and when the judgments of men are ripened
on this subject let ns discuss the question of
citizenship.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will occupy
the attention of the Senate for but a very few-
minutes.
I know, Mr. President, that we have a great
country, with an area larger than all Europe,
and an immense amount of fertile land, and a
much more genial and salubrious climate, and
in mineral wealth beyond all comparison in
advance of Europe. This country is our coun-
try. It belongs to the people who inhabit it.
And with this great and glorious country we
have a Constitution, a form of government
the wisest, the most liberal, that was ever de-
vised by the experience and wisdom of man.
We have the Christian religion; we have a
Christian civilization ; and in these respects we
are blessed by a beneficent Providence as no
people in the world was ever before blessed.
I say that this people have the right and the
power to defend their heritage and their inval-
uable possessions against ail comers.
Sir, if there was a nation of lepers, if there
was a nation infested with the plague, and they
were about to pour their myriads in upon our
country, we should have the right to pass the
most stringent laws to keep them out. Now,
when a nation of moral lepers, consisting of
one third of the population of the earth, is
threatening to overslaugh us with a pestilence
more direful, more calamitous in its results
than any physical disease or pestilence, have
we not the same right and the same power to
protect ourselves against them?
Suppose the monarchies of Europe were to
combine against our Government, and were to
send over their fleets and then' armies here to
overthrow our system; should we not have a
right to meet the invaders ? Would there be a
man, woman, or a child in the United States
who would not be for summoning all of its
energies to meet and beat them back?
Suppose Ghengis Khan or Tamerlane, at the
head of his myriads of conquering Tartars,
or some such man in the command of such
hordes, should make his appearance on the
face of the earth, and should come to invade
this country, to take possession of it, as Ghen-
gis Khan did the country from the Indus to the
Volga; should we not have the right to meet
those barbarian Mongolian invaders and to
drive them back from our country, from our
free institutions, and from our civilization?
Now, sir, here are a peopie who have no
idea of a God, no belief in immortality ; whose
great moral teacher, Confucius, six hundred
years before the Christian era, repudiated the
idea of a God and the idea of immortality, tho
life after death. That empire has been thrice
invaded, overrun, and almost absorbed by Tar-
tar invasions from northern China to the Cas-
pian sea, and from the Indus itself, and the
people are now the most degraded pagans on
earth. Have we not a right to prevent such
irruptions from that empire of pagans as would
endanger our whole country, its free institu-
tions, its religion, everything that makes it
valuable to man ?
I thank my God that it is the condition of our
country thai most of our people labor, and of
necessity labor, both male and female, to gain
their subsistence. It is the safety and strength
of our country. But, sir, there is not one of
the myriads of males and females of our own
race who now labor for their bread that could
not be competed with and deprived of his or
her employment by the hordes of Chinese that
may be brought to this country.
We are not to look to what will be the re-
sults to day, nor to-morrow, nor in the next
generation, but in the century after and the
century following that. Our Government ought
to subsist and ought to have life for a thousand
or fifteen hundred years. The life of nations,
the decadence of nations, is not to be meas-
ured by that of individuals. We ought to look
to the consequences that will result a half
century, a century,-or two centuries from this
day by the admission of the Chinese.
Sir, humble as I am, with a feeble intellect,
and with no far-reaching wisdom, I predict,
this night of the 8th day ol' July, in theyear of
gracc 1870, that if the immigration of Chinese
is encouraged to our country, in one century
they will have possession of all the country
west of the Rocky mountains, and the popu-
lation that exists there now will be entirely
absorbed by them.
Sir, I appreciate the value of our Govern-
ment, its greatness, and its resources. I espe-
cially appreciate its free institutions, its Chris-
tian institutions, and its Christian civilization.
I would not give up these grand features of our
country for the trade of all China or of all Asia—
never, never, never! The most solemn and
important duty that has ever devolved upon any
people in the course of Providence has been
devolved by that Providence upon the people
of the United States, and that is to defend their
country, its institutions, its civilization, its lib-
erties, against ail attacks, physical or moral,
and no less against moral assaults than against
physical assaults.
I agree with what the honorable Senator from
Nevada, who last addressed the Senate, said
of the alertness of the Chinese as laborers,
their preeminent skill and success. There is
no field of labor in America in which our free
and hardy sons and our fair daughters, who
labor for their subsistence, are now employed,
from which they could not be driven by these
hordes of Chinese. There is not a laborer,
male or female, in the United Stales that might
not be deprived of his or her employment, and
the wages upon which he or she has to subsist
from day to day, by this competition. _ Shall
we open our country to such a competition ?
A pretended, or an ethereal, or an insane phi-
lanthropy may say yea; but never will I give
my consent to any irruption of Chinese hordes
upon our country, when the effect will be to
overthrow the Christian religion, popular gov-
ernment, constitutional liberty, the Anglo-
Saxon and the Caucasian race, to merge all
and to absorb ail in the Mongolian race and in
i the Mongolian paganism.
Mr. CRAGIN.' Mr. President, I do not'rise
to discuss this amendment; but 1 feel -it fey
duty to remind my friend from Kansas, the
Senator now occupying the chair, [JCr.'PoM-
eroy,] of his mission. Here is-& gi'eat oppor-
tunity for him. I suggest that he shoald m-ove-
to amend this amendment by inserting after_
the word "white" the word 'Snalej" so as
to strike not only the word "white" from our
naturalization laws, butalso the word " male."
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will allow me
to. interrupt him, I should like to inquire where"
he finds the word "male" in the naturalization
laws? [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAGIN. Possibly it may not be there;
but if it is there it is important that it should be
stricken out. I take it that women and chil-
dren are embraced in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. I take it that the word "men"
there not only embraces males, but females;
and if there is discretion anywhere to exclude
females, who are about one half of our popu-
lation, and young men under the ageof twenty.-
one years, I believe there is discretion some-
where to exclude Chinese from the right to
vote.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not. On that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Cameron,Davis,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton ofTcxav
llarlap, Harris, Johnston, McCre.ery, Pratt, Robert-
son. Scott, Stockton, Tlmrman, and Viekers—17.
NAYS—Messrs. O.isserly, Cole, Conkling, Coibott,'
Cragin, Drake, Fowler, Lewis, Nye, O.-horn, P iUAr-
son, Pomeroy, Pool. Ross, Sawyer, Scliurz, Sponeev,
Stewart, Sumner, Williams, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler, Ed-
munds, Pen ton, Kerry, Flanagan, Hamlin, Howard,
Howe, Howell, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Ramsey, Rev- '
els, Rice, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and Yates—34.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. -Let us have a vote.
Mr. THURMAN. Avotel There are other
Senators who wish to speak on this question,
as I understand. I do not; but I understand
there are others who do.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think so.
Mr. WILSON. I think the best thing we
can do is to fix a time when we shall take this
subject up and dispose of it. I do not think it
can be settled to-night.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, yes; let us finish it
now.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think it can be done.
Mr. STEWART. What is the reason it
cannot?
Mr. WILSON. Suppose we agree to meet
here at half past seven o'clock to-morrow
evening, and continue it until we settle it?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDIO G OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire to say that oil
the last vote there were thirty-eight Senators
voting, just one more than a quorum, and in
less than half an hour there will not be a quo-
rum here. This has been the case almost every
night that we have held a night session ; and
I for one must say that I do not think it is
quite fair to expect that the little body of Demo-
crats should sit hero until midnight, as they do
almost continuously, with scarcely an instance
of any of them being absent, and about thirty
Republican Senators away every night during
the whole session. Look at that side of the
Chamber now; see the empty seats; and it is
so every night. There aro from twenty-five to
thirty Republican Senators who do not come
here at all at night, or who leave here at nine
o'clock ; and if it were not for the little squad
of Democrats you would not have a quorum
one night in a week. I think the best thing
we could do would be on one of these evening
sessions to leave in a body.
