600
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Ilemoval of Disabilities—Mr. Dockery.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Kemoval of. Disabilities.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. M. DOCKERY,
OF NORTH CAliOMNA,
Is the House of Representatives,
July 13, 1870,
On the bill sought to bo Introduced by Mr. Farns-
woktii for the general removal of political disabil-
ities.
Mr. DOCKERY. Mr. Speaker, tlio duties
of the hour demand a return to the " acts of
peace." The war is ended, and the protracted
agony of that terrible conflict should terminate
likewise. The nation breathes and lives; its
unity is preserved ; its nationality is secured,
'fhomiiiunal flag triumphantly wavesoverall the
laud, inspiring respect, for our institutions and
confidence in the stability of our Government.
The martial hosts are no longer seen ; the shrill
life is no longerheard ; the long roll is nolotiger
beaten ; the ■' pomp nud circumstance of glo-
rious war" have disappeared from our midst.
That immense army of bravo men arc " mus-
tered out,'' and have retired into the mass of
the people, there to be distinguished by supe-
rior diligence, sobriety, and regularity in the
pursuits of peace. The successful military
chieftain, in obedience to the popular voice,'lias
doffed the military and has donned the civic
robe, and to-day fills the highest, position known
to man, and holds the reins of Government
with the ability and composure of an experi-
enced statesman. The national dead are re-
spected, and around their tombs the nation
mourns. Bravo men! the nation's defenders
let their memories be cvercherished, and while
American civilization endures let the meed of
praise be. awarded them.
The South, too, Mr. Speaker, suffers and
mourns, lier bravest and dearest and besL
have fallen. The land is sad with the lament-
ations of mothers, of sisters, and of orphans.
Gloom and despondency hover over her people.
Desolation and ruin are stamped oil every brow.
With her, too, the noise of war is hushed. The
shout, the. onset, the martial tread are seen
and felt no more. Her banners are furled for-
ever, and Dixie exists alone in song. Yet she
is calm and submissive, recognizing the just-
ness of tho result of an appeal to the arbitra-
ment, of the sword. To it she appealed : by its
decision she will stand. Upon itslie slaked her
nil; by its decision she lost, her all. As (uv.su It,
the Union is preserved; the confederacy has
failed; our nationality is complete; sectional-
ism should be no more; freedom is triumph-
ant, slavery is abolished; tlie patriot is jubi-
lant; the traitor is "made odious." in all
this the Government of the United States has
been abundantly sustained. Its success is com-
plete. The discomfiture of its enemies is con-
clusive and overwhelming, resulting in the for-
feiture of all their franchises and privileges,
in tho overthrow of their State institutions, in
the prostration of their every interest, and the
sacrifice of thousands of their brave sons. Un-
der the reconstruction measures of Congress,
tho late rebellious States return to tlieir alle-
giance to the Federal Government, and ask in
good faith the bestowal on her people of all
those rights and privileges appertaining to
American citizens.
The fourteenth amendment was in itself right
and proper in the reorganization of these re-
spective rebellious communities and the recon-
:■! ruction of the late insurgent Stales, Reason
and common sense alike dictated its propriety,
and the public welfare justified its adoption.
Those persons who knowingly and Willi '• malice
prepense" undertook to destroy this proud
temple of American liberty should be compelled
to stand aloof during its reconstruction. Those
persons who persistently and maliciously repu-
diated the political tenets of the fathers of the
Government, indorsing notions pernicious and
doctrines heretical, should be compelled to take
back seats during its rededication. Those who
fomented t.he strife and inaugurated the war,
endangering the peace and happiness of forty
million human beings, should not participate
in its counsels until additional safeguards are
embodied in the fundamental law and tran-
quillity and quiet are undoubtedly restored. To
all this, sir, I yield my hearty concurrence;
hut do not common sense and sound policy
demand speedy and unconditional restoration
when those points arc secured and the danger
is past? A republican Government like ours,
fouuded on the guarantee of its protection to
the citizen in return for his allegiance to tho
Government, in order to insure permanence
and stability, mustinspire confidcnceand com-
mand the respect of the people. This confi-
dence and respect must be mutual and recip-
rocal in its character. Hatred and suspicion
necessarily beget their like ; distrust and want
of confidence necessarily engender bad blood,
and lesult in alienation of feeling.
This whole question, Mr. Speaker, is in a
nut shell, and resolves itself into the import-
ant question, is it best for the Government to
continue this prescriptive and distrustful pol-
icy, or, by a bold act of clemency, tender that
relief which ilie promptings of manliness and
magnanimity dictate? The South is clmf'ed for
the want of it; her people are irritated with the
continued suspicion and charge of disloyalty.
Uemove these impressions of distrust and sus-
picion, and, my word for it, loyalty unques-
tioned will soon abound, and patriotism and
love of country will regain their wonted place in
tho hearts and affections of our southern peo-
ple. In their behalf and in their defense do T
speak to-clay and urge their claims upon your
favorable consideration.
The bill, Mr. Speaker, "for the removal of
disabilities of loyal citizens," introduced some
mouths since by the distinguished chairman of
the Committee on Reconstruction, is objec-
tionable in many of its features, it proceeds
on the assumption, to say nothing of the con-
stitutional question involved, that the exigen-
cies of the times demand some general legis-
lation on this subject of disabilities, and that
in order to maintain its dignity and authority
Congress must prescribe, terms humiliating in
their character and exceedingly distasteful in
their provisions. The delay and expense inci-
dent to its practical operations are perplexing.
The very minuteness of its details is vexatious.
The very character of the prescribed petition
is in itself humiliating, in tho fact that tho bill
provides that tho petition, as sworn to, is filed
and notice published to the world of such fact
in the newspapers of the country, inviting criti-
cism and investigation of all the facts therein
set forth for thirty clays, when the issue may
bo joined, and that, too. exclusively on the
point of voracity, for there is no other. The
oath is in itself incongruous, complicated, and
cumbrous, requiring the petitioner to state
" the offices or places of trust held by him pre-
vious to the 15th day of April, 1801," "the
offices or places of trust held by biin during
tho rebellion," giving a particular description
of the acts done, and that "he has not since
the 1st day of June, 1865, done any act of hos-
tilityto theUnited States," or " committed any
crime by violence against the laws thereof, or
the laws of any State thereof;" that " he has
not, by force or fraud, since that time interfered
with the civil rights of any citizen of the Uni-
ted States, or to prevent tho freedom of elec-
tion or of speech," and that " he has behaved
himself as a man of good moral character."
These are declarations in themselves unobjec-
tionable and attributes of character highly com-
mendable; but as parts of an affidavit, open to
inspection and contest in open court in these
times of general demoralization, are entirely
too vague and indefinite; hence obnoxious and
offensive.
Why, Mr. Speaker, who would qualify under
oath with particularity " to the acts done" dur-
ing a bloody struggle of four years' duration,
in which all the worst passions of our nature
were aroused, when the contestant can coolly,
from motives of malice, ill will, or selfish pur-
poses, by combination or otherwise, join issue
on one or all tho allegations therein set forth?
Why, sir, what is " giving aid and comfort" to
the enemy ? Who is able to give the exact sig-
nificance and precise purport of those general
terms, "aid and comfort?" Who can draw
with nicety the line of distinction between an
act of charity and one of governmental relation ?
Who claims so preeminently the possession of
the heavenly attribute of omniscience, as to
determine the animus which induced the gift
of a cup of coffee to a hungry and wearied eon-
federate soldier, perhaps a neighbor, a friend,
or relative? Who is to determine when the
parental duty to a sick or wounded son (per-
chance conscripted into the rebellion) ended
and when the same aet is "aid and comfort"
to the rebel cause? Yet under this bill the
promptings of parental duty and the exer-
cise of common charity are made legitimate
subjects of controversy, as contradistinguished
from the alleged disposition to assist a disloyal
element.
Why, sir, who knows the laws of all the
States? Who is willing to swear that he has
not infringed tho "laws of any State." What,
in a political sense, is good moral character?
Who, under our Constitution, is authorized to
determine its constituent elements? By what
system of ethics is this censor moritm to be
governed? By what rules of law, legal or
moral, is this inquisitorial tribunal to be con-
trolled? All this but tends to irritate and
humiliate, producing crimination and recrim-
ination, based on personal feuds, local preju-
dices, and selfish considerations. Under this
bill the insatiate thirst of the vicious and cor-
rupt for calumny i\nd detraction could be amply
satisfied to the disparagement of the honest
and unsuspecting.'
Why require, Mr. Speaker, if you will pass
such a bill, any particulars to be set forth in
the petition other than an admission that the
petitioner is resting under disabilities, and that
he desires to be restored to the full rights of
citizenship, and that in good faith he accepts
the results of the war, and that he has no dis-
position in future to interfere with the funda-
mental principles of the organic law as incor-
porated therein within the last five years. This
should be sufficient without crowding your
courts of justice with this species of political
legislation, entailing a heavy and unnecessary
expense upon an impoverished people.
If you propose to remove disabilities, why
not do it in a conciliatory spirit, and in a direct,
manly, straight-forward manner. Why pro-
pose to do an aet of generosity and justice—
an act demanded by the best interests of tho
States lately in rebellion, and of the whole
country—in a manner calculated to leave a sting,
behind, in a manner circuitous, cumbrous, anil
perplexing; in a manner requiring humiliat-
ing self-accusations, distasteful to all honor-
able minds.
The last bill of tho gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, now under discussion, and for which
mine is a substitute, is entirely too prolix and
combines matters irrelevant in character and
totally separate and distinct from relief of dis
abilities as generally understood in this House
An act of oblivion is in itself right and pioper,
and should be passed at an early day, ln.a i:-
out of place in that relief now asked tor 11-
view of the approaching elections in the soutk-
