2558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
have a vote upon this particular matter, and
decide'it upon its own merits. '
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Cox, to strike out the duty
per pound, and reduce the ad valorem duty on
belts and belting from 35 to 25 per cent.
Mr. COX. 1 desire to withdraw ray amend-
ment, and to move another to reduce the ad
valorem-duty to 30 per cent.
Mr. 8CII15NCK. I must object now, as I
have done heretofore, to the withdrawal of
amendments.
Mr. COX. Then I shall insist upon a vole
upon my amendment,, and that will break up
the committee.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Cox; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 19, noes 03; no quorum vot-
ing.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Cox were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 9, noes 70; no
quorum voting.
Mr. COX. Let the roll be called under the
rule.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] whether ho
is aware that since he threatened to break up
the committee for want of a quorum gentle-
men upon his own side have declined to vote?
It looks very much like an arrangement, and
the country ought to know it.
Mr. COX. There is not a quorum here to
do business, and 1 want the country to know
that.
'file CHAIRMAN. As no quorum voted
upon the last division the Clerk will call the
roll.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Asper. Auvood, Ax tell. Bailey. Banks,
ISarnum, Barry, Benjamin, Benton, Biggs, Bingham,
JSowon, Jiurdett, Roderick K. Butler, Cake, Calkin,
William T. Clark. Sidney Clarko, Ciovoland, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cowles, Cullom,
Davis, Dickey, lMekery, !)ox. Farnswortli, Fisher,
Curlioid. GiHillan, llnb:hf, llaldeman, jlam-
bleton, Hamilton, ilcflin, Hill, Ilogo, lnKOrsoll,
Thomas J ,. Jones, J ilium, Kelsev, Laflin. Logan,
tjjxieh, Mclvee, 11. Mooic, Morgan, Morphis,
Dimitil J. Momill, .Samuel ]\ Morrill, Morrissey,
Mungcn, Ncgloy, Perec, I'omoroy, l'orter, Potter,
Prosper, Kandall, ttiee, ltidgway, Sargent, Sehu-
maker, Porter Sheldon, Slooum, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Stough-
ton, Strndor, Strickland, Tanner, Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Voorliees, Ward, Cadwaljdcr
C. Wiisliburn, AVhitiuore,Williams, Eugene M.Wil-
son, and Wiuans—SS.
During (lie call of the roll,
ilr. HAWKINS said: I have been requested
to slate that the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Keusey, is absent on business of the
committees of which he is a member.
Mr. CONGER said : My colleague, Mr.
Stoughton, is absent by order of the House
to attend the funeral of the late Major General
George II. Thomas.
The SPEAKER then resumed the chair;
and
Mr. WHEELER reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
according to order of the House, had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the bill (H. 11. No. 1008) to
amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposes, and finding
itself without a quorum, he had under the rule
directed the roll to be called, and reported the
absentees to the House.
The SPEAKER. Upon the call of the roll
one hundred and thirty-seven members an-
swered to their names. A quorum being pres-
ent, the Committee of the Whole, under the
rule, will resume its session.
The Committee of the Whole accordingly
resumed its session.
The question was again taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Cox; and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee now rise.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let us go on until half
past three o'clock.
The question was taken upon the motion
that the committee rise; and upon a division
there were—ayes 51, noes 43.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Conreh and
Mr. lvK.vpr were appointed.
The committee again divided; aud the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 07, noes 44.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
WnEELNit reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, according to
the order of the House, had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. E. No. 1008) to amend
existing laws relating to the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
ENK0LLED BILLS AND JOINT ItESOLDTIONS.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 349) for the relief'of Samuel
P. Butterworth aud others ;
An act, (S. No. COG) to compensate Mrs.
Fannie Kelly for important services ;
Joint resolution (8. R. No. 97) to authorize
the reappointment of William Pollard in the
engineer corps of tho United States Navy; and
Joint resolution (S. 11. No. K>8) for the
relief of Brigadier Geneial Gabriel R. Paul,
of the United States Army.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. DONLEY obtained leave of absence
for eight days from Monday next.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House adopted April C, 1870,
directing him to inform the House of the
condition of tho work of enlargement bf the
Louisville and Portland canal, with his opinion
whether said work can be so fur advanced as
to pass boats of dimensions adapted to the new
locks on the branch canal by the 1st day of
November, A. D. 1870, and to make such sug-
gestions as to him may seem necessary to pro-
mote the prompt completion of tho work ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the House to give me
half an hour now to dispose of the amendments
of the Senate to the general deficiency bill.
The Committee on Appropriations have in-
structed me to report in favor of concurrence
in some and non-concurrence in othersof those
amendments. It is necessary that they should
be acted upon now, because there are many
employ6s of the Government who have not
been paid the sums duo them for services, and
there is a necessity that this bill shall become
a law at as early a day as possible. I ask
leave to report back those amendments for
consideration at this time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let the
amendments to the bill be considered in the
House subject to all the rules of order as in
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It will be so understood.
No objection being made,
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, reported back the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 1340, making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes; with a recommend-
ation that the House concur in some and non-
concur in others of the amendments, and ask
a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Senate amendments
will be read.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] whether it would not be well to inform
tho House that by the amendments of the
Senate $1,500,000 is added to the aggregate
amount appropriated by the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I will state that by the amend-
ments made at the other end of the Capitol
§1,500,000 has beeu added to the bill as it
went from the House. Still the bill now ap-
propriates less than four million dollars, being
one of the smallest general deficiency bills that
we have had before the House during the last
ten years. I regret exceedingly that the other
branch of Congress has not been able to keep
the bill down to something near the amount
appropriated here. The truth which I uttered
in this House last February comes home to us—
that here, if anywhere, the expenditures of the
Government must be kept down.
'Tho SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the Senate amendments in which the Commit-
tee on Appropriations recommend concurrence
will be first read.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows :
On lingo 1, lino fire,nil.or tho word "Government,"
insert the iollowinf? words:
.For tho lisviiil year ending Juno 30, 1870.
The amendment was concurred in.
'The Clerk read as follows:
On iiago 1 striko out all after the word " seventy "
in lino ton to the word "hundred" in lino twelve,
and insert "3000."
Mr. DAWES. The effect ofthat amendment
is to add $100 over and above the amount fixed
by law to the p&y of each of twelve watchmen
at the Treasury Department. The Committee
on Appropriations did see not any reason for this
addition to their salaries as fixed by law. Hcnco
we recommend that the amendment be con-
curred in with an amendment.
The SPEAKER. Tho amendment proposed
by t.ho Committee on Appropriations will be
read.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
Striko out tho proviso in lines fiftoon, sixteen, and
seventeen, and insort in lieu thereof tho following:
Provided, That no watchman or laborer shall
receive in any ovont moro than S720 per annum.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
on Appropriations was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
The Clerk reiul as follows:
On page 2, inserFafter lino three tho following:
For additional pay of fifteen laborers employed in
tho Post Offieo Department, at $120 each, $1,800.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows :
Insert on pago 2 tho following:
For additional pay of olevon laborers in the offieo
ol tho Auditor of the Treasury for tho Post Office
Department, at $k!0 each, $1,320.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
Page 2, lino thirty-three, insert tho following:
i'or additional compensation of nine watchmen in
the Post Ofiieo Department, at $120 each, 81.080.
Mr. MoFCENZIK. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will give us some expla-
nation of this amendment. I understood the
gentleman to say the other day that these men
should only get $G00, as they were mere
sweepers.
Mr. DAWES. I will explain the matter to
the House. A portion of the laborers in the
bill last year had appropriations madeforthem
at the rate of $G00 each. Before the appro-
priation bill was entirely through a provision
was inserted that all laborers should receive
$720. So the bill passed, and those who were
appropriated for at the rate of $600 were con-
sequently left with $120 due them. The dif-
