5390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. Let us have ail agreement,
as to when we shall take the vote onthis bill.
I propose that we take a vote upon it to-mor-
row at two o'clock. That will give time enough
to consider the Army appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts is recognized by the Chair.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to fix upon any
time for disposing of the subject.
Mr. STEWART. Say two o'clock, and we
can get it through then.
Mr. WILSON. I am afraid the debate upon
it cannot be concluded in that time.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, yes; it will run out
in a couple of hours.
Mr. WILSON. If we were to take it up at
twelve o'clock to-morrow, perhaps in two or
three hours it could be settled. I should be
willing to take the vote at three o'clock to-mor-
row. I think that would certainly be long
enough. I wish to say to my friend from Ohio
that 1 think we are under great obligation to
him and a few of his friends over there for con-
tinuing here with us at these night sessions.
We are under great obligation to them for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by an agreement this morning the
Army appropriation bill was made the unfin-
ished business for twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. Then I make this propo-
sition, that we take up this bill to-morrow
evening at half past seven o'clock, and that
we vote upon it at nine o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD and others. Oh, no; no
evening session to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is made
by several Senators.
Mr. CAMERON. I will not consent to fix
any time for taking the vote on this question.
I confess I do not understand the bill. It is
one of much greater importance than some
Senators seem to imagine.
Mr. STEWART. I wish the Senator would
allow us to have an agreement.
Mr. CAMERON. On so grave a question
as this I must be allowed to exercise my own
judgment. It has been our pride and boast
that this country was the asylum of the op-
pressed of all parts of the world. We are
now about to depart from that principle.
Mr. STEWART. I believe the Senator has
not read the bill. Certainly he does not under-
stand it.
Mr. CAMERON. I think I do understand
it. The gentlemen from the Pacific slope—I
believe they are proud of calling it a " slope,"
although 1 do not know why they should; I do
not think there is much more of a slope there
than anywhere else, [laughter]—have their
prejudices in regard to these people from China.
I have none. I am opposed to having servile
labor brought into this country. I am not
willing that any man shall be brought here as
a slave, to do service for somebody else, who
is to get his wages. But I am willing that every
man, no matter where he may be born, no
matter what his color may be, no ma,tter what
his religion may be, shall come into this coun-
try and strive with me and my children and my
grandchildren for his success in the future.
That does not seem to be the doctrine that is
governing some people.
But, sir, this question is so new to us, the
people of this country of ours are so intelligent,
and we are so much controlled by intelligent
public opinion, that we require and we ought
to have time to decide questions like this; and
I would rather that this matter should be laid
over until another year.
Among other things these gentlemen tell us
that the Chinese are the best servants in the
world. That is a class of people that we need
in this country. Oar own people do not want
to be servants to anybody. Every man and
every woman born in this country, of this race
of ours, hopes, at some time or other, before
he or she dies, to fill the highest place in the
Government, or the highest place in social
position. It is not so with the Chinese, we are
told. If they are willing to come here and
perform this menial labor our people will be
elevated in the proportion that they do that
which our people are not willing to do.
Now, what I am saying is crude, and I am
free to say I do not understand the subject. It
is so grave and so important a question that I
want time to decide it, and I am not willing to
be forced to decide it at any particular hour or
any particular day. I prefer that the whole
question should be left over until next year, and
let the people decide what is right, and tell us
what to do.
It may be supposed by some gentlemen that
this measure will be of some service in their
politics in the West. I believe that any inter-
ference with the question now will be more
injurious to the politics of the East. Let
us decide this question without reference to
politics. Let us decide it upon principles of
justice, upon principles which will stand long
after we shall have ceased to live.
Mr. STEWART. Let me make an appeal
to the Senator. He says he is opposed to hav-
ing any slave labor brought into this country.
This bill does not go one inch further than that.
Persons have entered into the business of im-
porting these people here as slaves. We all
agree that we ought to stop the importation
of slaves. That is the naked proposition in
this bill. I know that in some of the speeches
here other things arc said; but let us go as far
as we can agree, and act upon this bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I have great respect for
the honorable Senator from Nevada ; but that
is his opinion. Men are very fond of their
own children. This is his own bill; it is his
own idea; and why should he notthink that it is
beautiful and loving as an angel ? It may be
so, but I have not seen the beauty of it yet,
and I want time to examine it.
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania yields to me, and I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business for a moment. I desire merely
to give a formal notice in executive session.
The motion was agreed to ; and at half past
ten o'clock p. m. the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of executive business. After
fifteen minutes spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 9, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with, and that the
Senate resume the consideration of Senate bill
No. 510.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska asks that by unanimous con-
sent the reading of the Journal be dispensed
with, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill indicated by him. Is there
objection?
M* MORRILL, of Vermont,. I objeet,
Mr. THAYER. I only desire to finish the
bill that we were on the point of passing last
night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with, and
that we go on with the morning business.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senale is too thin to go
on with business now.
Mr. STEWART. Only the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. DAVIS. I objeet to dispensing with
the reading of the Journal.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. ROSS. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal, for the purpose of
taking up a bill for the relief of discharged
soldiers. „
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks unanimous consent to dis-
pense with the further reading of the Journal,
with a view of taking up a bill for the relief
of certain discharged soldiers. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
object to any of these bills ; but I think that
during the last ten days of the session the
Journal should be read every morning. The
Senate is very thin at the beginning of each
day's session, and it is hardly fair to pass any
bill, either public or private, with so few Sen-
ators present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects to the proposition of the Senator from
Kansas it cannot be entertained.
Mr. ROSS. Let me state the purpose of the
bill, and then I do not think the Senator will
object. As the law now stands, a disabled
soldier or anybody else can go upon lands
when they are withdrawn for railroads and
take, under the homestead law, a half quarter
section, or eighty acres. This bill provides
that discharged soldiers may take a full quar-
ter section. That is all there is of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If I make an
exception in one case I shall have to do so in
another. I cannot withdraw the objection.
Mr. ROSS. The bill has passed the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont declines to withdraw the objec-
tion.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal.
After soma time, * •
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have re-
fused to do so for other Senators.
Mr. STEWART. Let the morning business
go on, at any rate.
Mr. SUMNER. No, no ; 1 want to move
to take up a bill that we ought to act upon, the
bill granting a pension to Marv Lincoln.
The VICE PRESIDENT." The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the reading of the
Journal must be completed unless by unani-
mous consent it is waived.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. WILSON. I move thatthe further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with, and that
we proceed with the morning business, and get
that out of the way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I must insist
upon my objection.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
J ournal.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects to the reading of the Journal
being dispensed with, and insists upon the
objection, and the reading will proceed.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday.
enlistments in the mabine corps.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first busi-
ness in order is the presentation of petitions and
memorials. The morning business has now
commenced.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to post-
pone all other business in order lo proceed to
the consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 1950)
granting a pension to Mary Lincoln.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
unanimousconsent, as the morning business ha3
but just commenced.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
Mr. SUMNEli. I hope not.
