302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
colleague, Mr. Boreman, was called home by
the serious illness of his children.
The question being taken b'y yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ,27, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Casserly, Cattell, Cole, Cranio, Davis, Fen-
ton, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton, Harris, Howard,
Kellogg,McDonald, N orton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
Robertson, Salisbury, Sawyer, Stockton, Thurman,
and Viokers—27. ,
WAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, Corbett,
Edmunds, Ferry, Hamlin, Harlan, Ho we, Morrill of
Vermont, Pratt, Ramsey, Rioo, Xtoss, Sehurz, beott,
Spencer, Sumner, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—22. „
ABSENT—Mossts. Anthony, Boreman, Cameron,
Conkling, Drake. McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Pomeroy, Pool, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Thayer, Tipton, and Yates—16.
So the resolution was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before resuming
the consideration of the unfinished business
the Chair desires to lay before the Senate a
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 9th instant, information in
relation to the present condition of the United
States marine hospital and grounds in the city
of New Orleans, Louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 move that that commu-
nication be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. There is also another
communication on the same subject which was
laid before the Senate three or four days ago
by the Vice Pre sident, and which I desire shall
take the same direction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will take the
same direction.
11EP0KT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Commerce, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 74)
to extend the port of entry of the collection
district of New Orleans, reported it with an
amendment.
YERGER CASE.
Mr. THURMAN. Ifitisin order at this time
I move to take up the resolution that I submitted
some days ago calling on the Attorney General
for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now in
order. The Senator from Maine is nominally
on the floor on the unfinished business pending
at the adjournment last evening, and he has
yielded to allow this business to come in. The
Senator from Ohio asks leave to call up a reso-
lution which was laid over on objection a few
days since.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it?
Mr. THURMAN. A resolution calling on
the Attorney General for certain information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution call-
ing for information in the Yerger case. Does
the Senator from Maine yield for that purpose ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do if it gives rise to no
debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that that may give
rise to debate
Mr. CONKLING. Why? Itisamerecall
for information.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator know
what the information called for is ?
Mr. CONKLING. I do.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator think it
should be called for?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I will state that I have
no disposition to debate the resolution. If the
propriety of it is not apparent on its face
nothing that I could say could make it more
apparent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent to take up
a resolution which he offered some days since
in regard to the Yerger case, and the Senator
from Maine yields that the unfinished business
may give way if the resolution does not give
rise to debate. The Secretary will report it,
after which the Chair will ask for objections,
if there be any.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Attorney General be requested
to inform the Senate immediately if any arrange-
ment, to which he on the part of the United States is
a party, exists whereby Yerger, of Mississippi, now
under arrest and held By tho military authorities of
the United States, will be discharged or turned over
to the civil authorities of tho State of Mississippi, or
otherwise disposed of in case Congress by any legis-
lation should take away or restrict the j urisdiction
of the SupremeCourtto hear and determine the pro-
ceeding before said court for the discharge of said
Yerger on habeas corpus : and also, if any arrange-
ment exists whereby the hearing of said proceeding
or of any application for the issue of a writ of habeas
corpus therein has been delayed or is now delayed;
and that he furnish the Senate copies of all agree-
ments entered into between him, as Attorney General,
and the counsel of saidierger in relation to said case,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. WILSON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects, and the unfinished
business is before the Senate; but the Chair
will ask the Senator from Maine to yield to
allow him to lay before the Senate two joint
resolutions received from the House of Rep-
resentatives last evening.
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
GEORGE PEABODY.
Thejointresolution (H. R. No. 96) of tribute
to the memory of George Peabody, deceased,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
resolution read at length if there be no objec-
tion.
The Secretary read as follows:
Whereas in the death of George Peabody, a native
of tho United States, and late a resident of England,
our country and the world have sustained an irre-
trievable loss; and whereas the Queen of Great
Britain, the authoritiesof London, andtheemperor
of France have made extraordinary provision for the
transfer of his remains to his native land; There-
fore,
lie it resolved, &c,, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be authorized to make such preparation
for the reception of the body of our distinguished
philanthropistras is merited by his glorious deeds,
and in a manner commensurate with, the justice,
magnanimity, and dignity of a great people.
And be it further resolved, That the expenses in-
curred by such ceremonial as the President may
adopt in the premises shall be paid out of any money
in tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the immediate consideration of the
joint resolution ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that that resolu-
tion will be passed at once, because as it is a
tribute proposed to the memory of Mr. Pea-
body it ought to be done promptly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us vote on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that it will be
considered at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EQUESTRIAN STATUE OP GENERAL GRANT.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 98) donating
cannon for the erection of an equestrian statue
of General U. S. Grant was read twice by its
title.
Mr. WILSON. I move that that resolution
beput on its passage. I take it there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know more
about that resolution. Let it be read in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported in full.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to object to
it, but I should like to know what statue it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the joint resolution in full, after
which there will be time to object.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
followa:
Be it resolved, &c„ That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized to deliver to J. A. Bailey
such cannon as may be required to make an eques-
trian statue in bronze of General U. S. Grant, to be
erected, free of costlto theUnited States, on the south
terrace of the Treasury Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather have that
go to a committee.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion I
made, and move that the joint resolution be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
NEGOTIATIONS WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 20th in-
stant, correspondence between the United States
and Great Britain concerning questions pend-
ing between the two countries since the rejec-
tion of the claims convention by the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that those papers
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and printed for the use of the Senate ;
and in making that motion I would say that
one of the papers in that list will be found
when read to be one of the ablest and most
masterly State papers in our history, setting
forth the views'of the present Administration
on our present relations with England. Some
gentleman has suggested to me that the paper
be read at the desk.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not call for it, but
I doubt if there can be any better reading or
anything that can be more interesting to the
Senate than that document.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it long?
Mr. CONKLING. Itisgoing to be printed,
of course.
Mr. SUMNER. I have just moved that it
be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. Let it be read if it is not
too long.
Mr. SUMNER. It will be interesting. The
moment it begins you will want to hear the
whole of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from Maine [Mr. Ham-
lin] was entitled to the floor on the unfinished
business, but yielded to allow these messages
to be presented.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to the reading of
the paper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question,
then, is on the motion to refer these papers to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and that
they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
KEVENUE-CUTTBRS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
resume the consideration of the pending bill.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the permission of
the honorable Senator from Maine to call up a
resolution of inquiry that I offered yesterday.
The Committee on Retrenchment are also
anxious that, the resolution should be passed.
I think it will occasion no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Maine yield for that purpose?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama asks unanimous consent to take
from the table a resolution of inquiry and
present it to the Senate for immediate consider-
ation if it does not give rise to debate, it lying
over under objection.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Treasury be
requested to furnish the Senate a full and complete
statement—
1. Of the original cost of eaeh of tho revenuo-cut-
I F,ow emPl°yed or owned by the United States,
and the amount expended upon each in alteration
or repairs since its construction.
2. The monthly expense of each revenue-cutter
uowintho service of or owned by the Government.
3. what amount of money has been paid into the
treasury of the United States resulting from fines,
forfeitures, penalties, or the proceeds of seizures, the
obtaining- of which was duo to any revenue-cutter
