1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
With. this, the Secretary could eater ouy own
and the European market; he would offer to pay
such of the five-twenty bonds as have already
matured, giving notice that interest would cease
after a certain date upon such bonds, giving
the option, however, to the holder to take a
new bond or the money. With this means in
hand I have no doubt the entire exchange
could be made in a very short space of time.
In presenting these views I have hoped to
add something that maybe of value in determ-
ining a plan to relieve the nation of a portion
of the burden and tax that has been borne so
willingly by a valiant and honorable people,
aud to guard the public faith that is so vital to
and interwoven with our republican form of
government that the sacrifice of the one must
lead to the downfall of the other. Therefore
whatever we do, whatever plan we adopt, let
it be wisely and well considered, maintaining
the honor and integrity of a nation that has
shed so much luster upon itsarms by the valor
of its heroes. Their duty has been well and
faithfully performed. Peace and happiness
are once more restored, and now onr duty is
no less sacred than theirs to see that the bright
pages of the past are not dimmed by any un-
worthy act of ours, but so to legislate that it
may be worthy the great cause for which this
debt was created.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to submit an amend-
ment to be printed, giving notice that I shall
move it at the appropriate time. I ask to have
the amendment read at this time in order that
the chairman of the Finance Committee may
understand what it is.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to insert the following as a new sec-
tion :*
And be it further enacted. That whenever proof
shall be exhibited to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of th e Treasury of the loss or destruction of any regis-
tered bond of the United States issued under author-
ity of any act of Congress it shall be lawful for the
said Secretary, upon receiving bond with sufficient
security to indemnify the United States against any
other claim on account of the bond alleged to be so
lost or destroyed, to.issue to the person who had lost
it or in whose possession it was destroyed a new
registered bond of the same value of the one lost or
destroyed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett.]
Mr. CORBETT. The amendment pro-
posed is to strike out the first three sections
aud insert what I have sent to the Chair.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr, SHERMAN. I trust my friend will
allow mq to state that I hope the Senate will
stand by this bill until we get through with it.
There is not much disposition to debate it, and
1 hope it will be disposed of this week and got
out of the way. If we go into executive session
we know what the result will be. I trust,
therefore, the Senate will stand by the bill and
finish it and get it out of the way.
Mr. CAMERON. I think that we have be-
fore us in executive session just now the most
important subject that is presented to the Con-
gress of the United States. I am anxious, as
the Senator from Ohio properly is, to have this
subject of finance studied and considered; but
I think a few more weeks devoted to it will
not be lost. It is one of those questions which j
improve by keeping; time helps it very much.
In short, I think now is the time to go into
executive session, and I hope the motion will
prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is not de-
batable.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were twenty-four.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays. I wish to see whether or not the Sen-
ate is disposed to waste the day, because that
will be the effect.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AnthoDy, Bayard, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Davis, Edmunds,
Hamilton, Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Mc-
Creory, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Pratt, Ramsey,
Bevels, Sanlsbury, Seott, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and Vickers—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Conklinz, Cor-
bett, Drake, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Harris, Howell,
Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Pomeroy, Bice, Robertson. Boss, Schurz, Sherman,
Spencer, Thayer, Warner, Willey, and Williams—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cattell, Chandler,
Cragin, Benton, Harlan, Howard, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pool, Sawyer, Trumbull, Wilson, and
Yates—15.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After four hours and a half spent
in executive session, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 1, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BE AM AN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I observe by looking at the Journal that
my name does not appear in the vote on the
tariff resolution yHterday. I voted in the
affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's vote will
be so recorded.
Mr. COBURN. I desire also to correct the
Journali I am recorded as not voting on the
resolution in relation to the tariff offered yes-
terday by the gentleman from Dakota, [Mr.
Spink.] I was present and voted in the affirm-
ative.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen will be so
recorded.
Mr. READING. I am reported as voting
in the negative on the tariff resolution, I was
absent and did not vote at all. If I had been
present I should have voted in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 124) amending an act entitled
'"An act for the relief of Henry C. Noyes;"
when the Speaker signed the same.
TARIFF ON FOREIGN COAL.
Mr. HAMILL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of a committee appointed
at a public meeting at Cumberland, Maryland,
concerning the tariff on foreign coal imported
into the United States; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
OnmotionofMr. FARNSWORTH,byunan-
imous consent, the amendments of the Senate
tothe bill (H. R. No. 1007) to establish cer-
tain post routes were taken from the Speaker's
table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
amendments of the Senate be concurred in. It
is unnecessary to read them. They contain
no legislation; they merely establish new post
routes.
The amendments were concurred in.
CHARLES COOPER AND OTHERS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported s bill
(H. R. No. 1395) for the relief of Charles
Cooper, Gosham A. Jones, Jerome Rowley,
William Hannegan, and John Hannegan;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the committee, and ordered to be
printed.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee of this
House be instructed to inquire into and report
whether in their opinion the Cherokees, Choctaw^,
and other Indian tribes are citizens of the United
States under the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution.
Second, That they also report whether in their
opinion, if such Indians are citizens, any treaties
or contracts can bo made with them as tribes or
nations.
st. mary's falls siiip-canal.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to this House the report or reports
of General T. J. Cram respecting the improvement
of St. Mary's Falls ship-canal, together with any
other information in his possession regarding such
improvement.
pay of united states jurors.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1396) to increase the pay of grand and traverse
jurors in the courts of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
marine apprentices.
Mr. SWANN. I ask leave to submit a res-
olution for consideration at this time, and to
have the accompanying memorials from the
Boards of Trade of Boston, Philadelphia, and
Baltimore referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the
Committee on Commerce be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of reporting to this House a
marine apprentice law, embodying regulations for
the instruction and proper treatment of apprentices
on board ship, and with suitable and adequate pen-
al ties, by which every American vessel under register,
before clearance at any custom-house in the United
States, shsll be required to employ in its crew one
or more apprentice boys, according to its tonnage.
Mr. CALKIN. I object.
salem river, new jersey.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey. I ask leave
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby
directed to have an examination made at the junc-
tion of Salem river and Delaware bay, State of New
Jersey, with a view to ascertain the practicability
and probable cost of improving the navigation of the
above river, and to report thereon.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection to
the introduction and reference of this resolu-
tion to some proper committee, but I object to
its adoption at this time.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey. Very well;
let it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and referred accordingly.
HON. G. H. KYLE.
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, pre-,
sented the memorial of Hon. G. H. Kyle, of
Arkansas, asking compensation as a member
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and.
ordered to be printed.
ARKANSAS INDEPENDENT HANGERS.
Mr. BOLES also, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial of the Arkansas Legisla-
ture, asking relief for Captain John W. Bevins
and his command of independent rangers;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ATTACK ON FIEGAN INDIANS.
Mr. BIRD. I ask unanimous consent to
submit for consideration at this time the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be hereby requested to communicate to this House,
if not incompatible with the public welfare, any facts
or information he may have in his possession or
under his control respecting the resent attack, under
direction of Lieutenant General Philip H. Sheridan,
