4446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
merit. Since the present session of Congress
American citizens have been forced to seek
shelter under a foreign flag in Cuba, our own
being too weakly backed at home to afford any
protection abroad. Since then a British ad-
miral, at Matanzas, sent a subordinate officer
with a squad of fourteen marines from a Brit-
ish vessel, who, going ashore, released a pris-,
oner from jail who was illegally confined, after
the governor had said he could not control the
volunteers, of whom there were five thousand
in that place. But these ferocious volunteers
quailed before fourteen British marines, and
did nothing, while the United States Govern-
ment was powerless to protect Speakman and
Wyeth and many other American citizens. No
wonder the President is afraid of becoming
"embroiled in complications and possible hos-
tilities with Spain." No wonder we fear Spain,
when a few Spanish volunteers can murder our
citizens with impunity, drive our consuls away,
and insult and sneer at our flag.
In the face of all these facts the President
expects the American people to believe that
"he has taken the necessary steps to bring this
sad conflict to an end, and of securing to the
people of Cuba the blessings and the right of
independent self-government.'' Judging from
"the steps taken," the President was only
anxious to bring it to an end by crushing Cuba
and encouraging Spain. To say that he wished
to see Cuban independence established is sim-
ply preposterous.
The attack upon the Cubans in this country,
who are here in free America political exiles,
is an anomaly. These men have landed on our
shores driven from their homes and property
by the worst form of tyranny that has yet been
inflicted upon men. For the most part, how-
ever, these exiles have come here as the only way
to get to the theater where their countrymen
are stoutly battli ng for independence, and if they
have been foiled in that purpose it has been
because of the course of the State Department.
By the way-side, doubtless,- supposing that
brave men boastful of their own liberty would
naturally sympathize with other Americans
yearning for equal liberty, they have simply
besought us not to aid Spain in her frightful
butcheries of Cubans. And yet I fear his disre-
gard of these appeals is altogether characteristic
of the President. Emerging from the slough
of a drear poverty himself, from which resur-
rection appeared impossible, he is to-day mani-
festly dazzled with his own extraordinary suc-
cess, fascinated by the display and splendor,
the theatrical tinsel cocked hats of the Spanish
embassy ; he is deaf to the wail which comes
from the bleeding and oppressed Cubans! The
fresh, warm blood of his countrymen and con-
stituents rising from the ground, as its odor is
wafted by the breezes from the Queen of the
Antilles to our shores and to our capital, fails
to move him. Friendly to effete Spain, he turns
a deaf ear to the demand of the American
people which every day through the press and
through the proceedings of meetings of sym-
pathy, all over the country, is quickening the
pulsations of the nation's heart to a deeper and
more earnest desire for Cuban, that is to say
American, independence of Europe. Why does
he not say something in reprobation of the
spies, agents, emissaries, and tools of the Span-
ish Government, who are notoriously merce-
nary and well paid, and as notoriously much
nearer to the executive chair than the poor
Cubans?
The President certainly knows that with a
fleet of sixty Spanish vessels, including our
thirty gun-boats, in addition to the British and
United States ships cruising and so constantly
seizing the Cuban vessels, it is almost impos-
sible for any one to get away from or to the
island without being captured. Spaniards can
come and go, however, on our mail steamers
and send arms and ammunition at will. '1 he
truth is that large numbers of Cuban^from
Havana and the west end of the island, not
being able to join their companions, took ref-
uge in the United States, or came here as the
readiest way to get to their struggling brethren.
At least fifteen hundred Cuban refugees start-
ing from the United States have reached the
insurgents in the island. Some have had to
go via Jamaica or the Bahamas; some have
only succeeded after repeated attempts. Many
have been, besides, killed, captured, and have
died in Spanish prisons while trying to reach
the theater of war. Besides these, more than
two thousand Cuban refugees have tried to join
the struggling patriots, a chief part of that
number having actually embarked and been
compelled to return or stopped by the United
States authorities. In three attempted expe-
ditions, namely, of the Catharine Whiting, the
Hornet, and the Lillian, fourteen hundred and
twenty-five Cubans were engaged.
There are some remarks about "definite
principles," about granting belligerent rights
as being distinct from almost everything else,
or words to that effect; a lot of glittering
pinchbeck generalities about Washington and
Jefferson, Madison and Monroe and other old
heroes and statesmen. But the actual prece-
dents in our history have been totally ignored ;
that is, that in December, 1822, this Govern-
ment sent to Colombia a minister to represent
us, Colonel Todd, who went to Bogota almost
one year before Colombia had a constitution
or an elected Congress. Colombia had neither
until late in the year 1823. And not only did
we send a minister, but we at the same time
acknowledged the independence of that young
republic. Why do not the President and his
Secretary cite this and numerous other simi-
lar cases in regard to the Spanish-American
republics on this continent? Do they fear
to offend Spain to allude to those things?
Why do they not go to the speeches of the
American statesman, Mr. Clay, at that period
and draw inspiration from them rather than
from the dispatches of a Spanish minister, or
rather from the paid attorney who writes both
the diplomatist's dispatches and the presiden-
tial message?
Our neutrality laws were originally enacted
and intended to enable us, if we could not give
direct aid to colonies on this continent strug-
gling for freedom and independence, we would
at least not give aid and sympathy to their
oppressors, nor permit others to do so. They
were enacted, in fact, from a natural desire on
the part of the American people to see the
other colonies enjoy equal liberty, and to aid
them, as far as possible, without infringing the
laws of nations. The sympathies of our fore-
fathers, like their descendants to-day, were with
those who follow our own example and a nat-
ural instinct in struggling for freedom ; those
whose hearts yearn for liberty and whose spirit
cannot brook tyranny. How sadly are they
misunderstood or misconstrued by men calling
themselves statesmen and diplomatists; by
men who fancy, or claim at least, they are
the friends of free institutions ; by men who
assume to be radicals in their opposition to
monarchies.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at nine
o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ATWOOD: The petition of E. D.
Ilolton, J. F. Hill, and numerous others, citi-
zens of Wisconsin, asking for the passage
of House bill No. 2083, to incorporate the
International Society of the United States for
the Promotion and Protection of Immigration.
Also, the petition of 1"). W, Small, James S.
Brown, and numerous others, citizens of Wis-
consin, asking for the passage of the same bill.
Also, the petition of Adolph Hensel, Fred-
erick Wardner, and numerous others, citizens
of Wisconsin, asking for the passage of the
same bill.
Also, the petition of L. Schultz, R. P. Hough-
ton, and numerous others, citizens of Wiscon-
sin, asking for the passage of the same bill.
Also, the petition of C. S. Hamilton, United
States marshal, Joseph Phillips, mayor of Mil-
waukee, and numerous other public officers of
Wisconsin, asking for the passage of the same
bill.
Also, the petition of J. B. Schram, Julius
Wallber, and numerous others, citizens of
Wisconsin, asking for the passage of the same
bill.
Also, the petition of W. H. Jacobs, Ferdinand
Kuehn, and numerous others, citizens of Wis-
consin, asking for the passage of the same bill.
Also, the petition of Landauer & Co., John
Elser, and numerous others, citizens of Wis-
consin, asking for the passage of the same bill.
By Mr. BEA.MAN: The petition of Guy
Kingsly, of Hillsdale county, Michigan, for
increase of pension.
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas : The petition of
Henry M. Cook, of Leon county, Texas, for
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. DEGENER: The petition of W.
Charles Lewis, of Gillespie county, Texas, for
the removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. HAMILTON : The petition of Ann
Lighty, of Jefferson county, Florida, praying
that her name be placed on the pension-roll.
Also, memorial of the Legislature of Flor-
ida, asking an appropriation of $250,000 to
aid in perfecting the inland passage from Fer-
nandina to the St. John's river, Florida.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of George V.
Tulp, a citizen of Forsyth county, North Car-
olina, for remoyal of political disabilities.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: A
petition of tobacco-manufacturers of Lewis-
town, Pennsylvania, asking the passage of
a law establishing the uniform rate of tax at
sixteen cents per pound on all manufactured
tobacco and snuff.
Also, a petition of tobacco-manufacturers of
Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania, of like import.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of B. W.
Hunter, of Richmond, Virginia, praying the
payment of a claim due him on the part of the
Government.
By Mr. REEVES: The memorial of John D.
Jones, esq., president Atlantic Mutual Insur-
ance Company, and other officers of marine
insurance companies, asking for an appropri-
ation to build a breakwater off the entrance to
Port Jefferson harbor, south coast of Long
Island sound.
_ By Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana: The peti-
tion of W. S. Pike for relief from a judgment
of the United States circuit court for the dis-
trict of Louisiana.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The petition of
Raso Horn, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June lo, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Secretary proceeded to read the J ournal
of yesterday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very desirous that
the Senate this morning shouli pass the bill
for the payment of pensions quarterly. I
therefore ask that the further reading of the
J ournal may be dispensed with.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts objects.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 936) to provide for the
