1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2559
ference arose from tlie change in the bill in its
progress in the House.
Mr. McKENZIE. Did not the gentleman
say these men were only temporary employes
used as sweepers ?
Mr. DAWES. The law provided that these
men should receive $720 each. Only $G00
were appropriated in the bill last year, and
this is for the purpose of giving them the other
8120 which are due them under the law.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows :
(( Pago 3, line sis, after the word "roofing'* insert
and continuing the work on;"so it will read: "for
roofing and continuing the work on tho custom-
house at Cairo, Illinois," &a.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
i( Page 3, line eight, aftef the word "roofing" insert
and continuing the work on;" so it will read: "for
looting and continuing tlie work on the custom-
house at Detroit, Michigan," Arc.
Mr. O'NEILL. What is the necessity for
this amendment?
_Mr. DAWES. These appropriations in the
bill are merely for roofing these custom-
houses, and the amendment is for continuing
the work upon these custom-houses as well as
ior roofing them; so that the appropriations
may be applied to other parts of the buildings
as well as to the roofs.
Mr. O'NEILL. Itdoes notaffecttkeamount
of the appropriation ?
Mr. DAWES. It does not.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
Paee3. lines twenty-three and twenty-four, strike
out the following:
For custom-house at Sandusky, Ohio, for general
repairs, $10,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 4, line two, strike out "continuing" and
in-ei'i. "completing," and on pago 1, line three, strike
out "<j'15,000"andinsert"S34,753;" so that tho clause
will read: "for completing the work on the court-
house and post olfiee at Des Moines, Iowa, £-34,753."
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows :
On page4, line twenty-five, after "custom-house"
insert "and theoffices therein;" so itwillread: "for
liirnitnro for the court-house and the offices therein
at Springfield, Illinois."
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 4. line twenty-seven, after the word " cus-
tom-house" insert "and the offices therein;" and
insert, the same words page 5, line one, and page 5,
lino three.
The amendments were concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 5, after lino three and a half, insert the
following: "for repairs of the custom-house atNcw
Orleans, $25,000."
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows :
On page 9, after line nine, insert the following:
Indian department:
For pay of interpreters, $9,525.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows :
On page 9, after the clause in reference to the Pat-
ent Office insert the following:
House of correction:
For the purposes mentioned in the fourteenth sec-
tion of the act of July 25,1806, entitled "An act to
establish in the District of Columbia a house of cor-
rection for boys," and to be paid in the same manner
as the appropriation therein made is directed to be
levied and paid, tho payment of the several portions
to be paid by the cities of Washington and George-
town and the county of Washington, respectively,
to be enforced in the same manner as therein pro-
vided, §12,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BURR. In order to give members an
opportunity to consider these various items I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. It is important that the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on this bill
should be referred to a committee of confer-
ence this evening, and it will take us but a
little while to get through with the remaining
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. BURR. I think we had better adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to provide
necessary food for the Sisseton, Wahpeton, and San-
toe Sioux Indians, on Lac Travel-sand Devil's Lake
reserves, in Dakota Territory, during the spring anil
summer, and furnish them with implements and
seeds for cultivating their fields, $10,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert on page 11, after line thirty-two, tho fol-
lowing :
Senate—Deficiencyfor miscellaneous items, $3,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
For furniture and repairs, 83,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows;
For Congressional Globe and Appendix, $7,697 73.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
For defraying the expenses of tho jointsolectCnin-
mittoe on lletrenchment, $5,000: Provided, This ap-
propriation shall bo taken trom the Treasury on the
order of the Secretary^!' tho Senate, and disbursed
tinder and subject in ail respects to the provisions of
the joint resolution of J anuary 22,1857.
Mr. WARD. I want to make an inquiry
about this item. Every session of Congress we
have an appropriation made for this .Commit-
tee on Retrenchment; and if there is anything
else they do in the way of retrenchment I would
like to know it.
Mr. DAWES. The reason why an appro-
priation is made every session is because their
labors arc of such a character that every ses-
sion they incur expenses.
Mr.WARD. Do we get anything from them
except having to pay these expenses ?
Mr. DAWiiS. It might be an invidious mat-
ter to enter on such a discussion with regard
to what is being accomplished by a committee
which is a joint committee of both Houses.
Bat I will say that I think it is a matter of the
highest consequence to keep that committee
in existence Congress after Congress.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert on page 12, after lino nineteen, tho follow-
ing:
For contingencies of the Army, $50,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
For expenses of the rccruiting service of tho regu-
lar Army, §50,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
For four watchmen and two laborers for the build-
ing on tho corner of F and Seventeenth streets, S720.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 14, after line six, insert the following:
Naval Academy:
For finishing additional quarters for midshipmen,
now in course of construction, as per contract en-
tered into J uly 13,1867, $SO,OJO.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amend-
ments in regard to which the Committee on Ap-
propriations recommended non-concurrence.
The following was read:
Insert on page 4, after line sixteen, the following :
For continuing the work on tho marine hospital
building at Chicago, Illinois, 650,000.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask tlie House to
concur in that amendment. I do not know
why the Committee on Appropriations should
recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. DAWES. The committee took this
course simply because they wished to get more
information in regard to the item.
Mr. JUDD. I propose, in asking the House
to concur in that item, to state a few facts to
show the expediency of it. The Government
originally had a hospital in Chicago in full
operation. For purposes of their own they
sold it a few years ago, although it was at that
time occupied by patients who were in charge
of the Government. They received as purchase-
money some nineteen or twenty thousand dol-
lars ; the Government of the United States sell-
ing at that time for the sum I have named
a piece of real estate which is worth to-day-
something like a million dollars.
The Government ordered the erection of
another hospital, and that work has been com-
menced and is now one half or two thirds com-
pleted. No gentleman upon this floor will deny
the proposition that at that point upon the
lakes a marine hospital is a necessity. That
being the case, the question comes before the
House, shall this building, because of alleged
extravagance in the plan ; shall this building,
which is one half to two thirds completed, be
brought to a stand-still while the Government
continues to pay, as it now does, rent for a
hospital where its patients are cared for?
This is a matter of no moment, as an expend-
iture of money to my constituents. Itisnottobe
regarded at all from that stand-point. But I do
say to this House that it will be unworthy of
us as business and practical men to stop the
construction of a building, one half or two
thirds completed, which is necessary for the
purposes of the Government, and make no fur-
ther appropriation. Because some may not
approve of the action of the architect of the
Treasury, or because they may suppose that
he has been improvident in the planning of the
building, that is no argument why the building
should not be completed. It will be done.
Why then should we delay when the Govern-
ment is paying rent for other premises where
the patients are cared for? There is no reason
from a business stand-point or from a states-
man's stand-point why we should hesitate to
continue and complete the work. We. are
voting millions for Boston and millionsforNew
York, and repairing and completing public
buildings all over the Union, and now when
an appropriation from the Treasury is asked
of money derived from the tax on sailors' wages
to complete this building, which the Govern-
ment needs, in the city where I reside, it is
refused because gentlemen do not admire tlia
supervising-architect of the Treasury. That
33 the only reason. No reason has been given
except that gentlemen think he has been ex-
travagant in his plans of public buildings. Sir,
I do not think such a course comports with
wise legislation, and I ask the House to con-
cur in this amendment of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. No part of the tax on sea-
men's wages goes to the erection of marine
hospitals. It is appropriated to the support
of seamen in the hospitals.
Mr. JUDD. Allow me to say that the debate
here the other day developed the fact that hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars of the tax from
seamen's wages have been taken to build
marine hospitals.
Mr. DAWES. I still repeat that out of the
Treasury, and not out of the seamen's wages,
comes the money to build marine hospitals.
They may have anticipated in someinstances—
I know not how that is—and taken money,
which they have got to refund, out of the sea-
men's wages fund for building purposes, but
the tax on seamen's wages is devoted to their
support in hospitals.
Mr. JUDD. Is it not within the gentle-
man's knowledge that the fund derived from
the tax on seamen's wages has been hereto-
fore appropriated to the erection of hospitals?
Mr. DAWES. It is not within my knowl-
edge, and if anything of that kind lias been
done anywhere it was not done in this case,
and if it has been done anywhere the money
has got to be refunded. The Committee on
Appropriations propose to non-concur in this
amendment for the same reason that they pro-
pose to non-concur in the amendments in rela-
tion to the Boston post office and the New
York post office. It is from a desire to get
the plans and estimates fixed so that it may
be known before we go any further how much
