1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
or of its officers, from the 1st of January, 1866, to the
present time.
4> The number, names, and tonnageof the revenue-
cutters constructed or purchased by the Government
during the past ten years i the cost of each, how long
they were in theservice, and what finally became of
them: if sola, at what price, and whether steamers
or sailing vessels.
5. The number and grade of all officers attached
to the revenue marine service since January 1, 1866,
giving date of appointment, nativity, whence ap-
pointed, and rate of pay, with the time each has
been on duty or waiting orders.
6. The number and grades of the present force,
date of appointment, nativity, whence appointed,
rate of pay, and to what vessel attached, or waiting
orders.
7. The annual expense of maintaining this service
since the fiscal year ending Juno 30,1865, classifying
expenditures into separate branches.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, and it does not give rise to debate,
the question is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator rise to debate the resolution 1
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to make a remark
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine yielded on condition that it should
not give rise to debate.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely wish to say, in
regard to resolutions of this character request-
ing the head of a Department to furnish inform-
ation, that there ought to be some evidence
before the Senate as to what amount of clerical
labor the answer will require. I have known
resolutions of this kind to go to a Department
and take all the clerks they could spare for
three months to answer them. It was on that
account last year that I reported a rule that
all such resolutions should be referred to a
committee, and that a report should be made
upon them in regard to their probable extent
and expense before we passed them.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that I have investigated this sub-
ject somewhat, and I do not think it will take
three months or six days for the Secretary of
the Treasury to furnish the entire information
asked for in the resolution. A large portion
of it is in the annual report already published.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about it. I only judged from its reading that,
it is pretty extensive in its scope.
_ Mr. SPENCER. The Secretary has his own
time in which to furnish the information.
Mr. PATTERSON. I was not aware until
to-day that this resolution had been offered,
although I was at the Department this morn-
ing, previous to learning that fact, to inquire
after this very information. I think it can be
procured without very great expense. Most
of it is ready now. The Committee on Re-
trenchment have had this subject under con-
sideration and have taken a good deal of tes-
timony upon it, and I should very much like
to have this information in addition. I think
it will be of service.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out the word "requested"
and inserting the word " directed."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made, as that has been the usage of the
Senate.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
WASHINGTON INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine yield ?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He does not; and
the unfinished business is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, being the bill (S.
No. 291) to encourage and promote the Inter-
national and Industrial Exhibition to be held in
Washington city in the year 1871. The Secre-
tary will report the amendments of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The first amendment reported byf the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia was, in section
five, line two, after the word "directors" to
strike out the words "may hold meetings at
such time and place and upon such notice as
the by-laws may direct, and at any regular
meeting;" and after the word "exhibition,"
in line seven, to insert the words "may hold
meetings at such time and place and upon such
notice as the by-laws may direct;" so that the
section will read:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said board
of directors may make such by-laws, rules, and regu-
lations, not inconsistent herewith, as theyshall deem
necessary and proper forthegovernment of the affairs
of said corporation, and for the conduct of said ex-
hibition may hold meetings at such time and place
and upon such notice as the by-laws may direct, and
shall have power to appoint such officers, agents,
workmen, and other subordinates as may from time
to time be necessary to earry into effect the object
of this act; to assign their duties and to fix and regu-
late their compensation, and to do all acts and things
touching the holding of said exhibition, not incon-
sistent herewith, which they may deem necessary to
its successful accomplishment.
Mr. HAMLIN. That simply transposes the
language of the section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am quite
sure that if this bill is to pass it ought to be
subjected to very many amendments.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have a lot of them to pro-
pose if you will allow me to go on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well; I
will wait until the Senator offers his amend-
ments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the pending amendment, which has been
read.
Mr. HAMLIN. The section as it stood au-
thorized the directors to do certain things under
the by-laws before it provided for the by-laws.
This amendment is a simple transposition of
language which improves the section, author-
izing the corporation to make their by-laws and
then to do certain things underthem. That is
all there is of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in section ten, line
sixteen, after the word "reexportation" to
insert the words " or to such other port as the
Secretary of the Treasury may designate and
under such rules as he may adopt;" so that
the section will read:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the said
exhibition building when completed and preparedfor
the reception of goods is hereby declared to be a
bonded warehouse, in which goods may be received,
unpacked, exhibited, repacked, and reexported
without the payment of duties to the United States,
under such regulations for the security of thepublic
revenue as the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe. That packages directed to the Industrial Ex-
hibition received at any port of entry of the United
Statesshall be forwarded unopened, undcrthe seal of
the custom-house of said port, to the exhibition build-
ing at Washington, there to be opened under the in-
spection of revenue officers appointed for that pur-
pose ; and that at the close of the exhibition the goods
shall be repacked, sealed, and returned to the port
of entry at which they were originally received for
reexportation, or to such other port as the Secretary
of the Treasury may designate, and under such rules
as ho may adopt. But if any such goods shall be sold
during the exhibition or at its close, for delivery in
the United States, they shall bo subject to the same
duties as if imported in the ordinary manner, such
duties t,o bo collected in such mode as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall prescribe.
Mr. HAMLIN. The section as it now stands
authorizes articles from foreign countries to
be brought here under rules and regulations
adopted by the Secretary of the Treasury. It
also allows their deportation from the port at
which they were received. Articles might arrive
at the port of Boston and be brought here, and
this amendment if adopted would allow a re-
shipment from the port of Baltimore under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall adopt.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to strike out sec-
tion twelve, in the following words:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That all letters
indorsed with the words " on the business of the
International Industrial Exhibition," and with the
autograph signature of the corresponding secretary
of thelnternational Industrial Exhibition Company,
shall be entitled to free transportation in the mails
upon the same terms and conditions as now apply to
the correspondence of the Executive Departments
said privilege to commence immediately upon the
organization of said company, as herein provided,
and to continue until thefinalsettlementofthe busi-
ness of the exhibition.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to strike out sec-
tion sixteen, in the following words:
Sec. 16. AnA be it further enacted, That the sum of
 dollars is hereby appropriated.out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, lor the
purposes of this act, the same to be apportioned
between theseveral objects hereinbefore enumerated
and to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, from which
this bill was reported, to move to amend the
bill on page 3, section one, line thirty-nine, by
striking out the word "one" ami inserting
" two," so as to have the exhibition in the year
1872 instead of 1871.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The nextamendmentwhich
I am directed to propose is, in section six to
strike out the word "contribute" in the fourth
line and insert the word "subscribe;" to
strike out the words " equal to" in the sixth
line and insert the words "not exceeding;"
so that it will read"not exceeding three fifths
of one per cent." Then inline nine I pro-
pose to strike out the word "contribution" and
insert "subscription," and after the word
"jurisdictions," in line twelve, to insert the
words " and in case of such subscription being
made to levy a tax upon the assessed value of
all taxable property within their several juris-
dictions for the payment of such subscriptions;"
and at the end of the section to insert "and
said cities of Washington and Georgetown and
said county of Washington shall have all the
rights of other stockholders in said company."
The section as it originally stood provided
for a contribution by these corporations equal
to three fifths of one per cent, of their taxable ,
property. The amendment provides that they
may subscribe to an amount not exceeding
three fifths of one per cent, and become stock-
holders, and that that subscription may be
levied and collected as other taxes are.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I doubt very much whether
it would be well to go on perfecting this bill
until we are prepared to take the sense of the
Senate as to the passage of any bill on the
subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will present my amendments in a very
few moments. The bill will then'be before
the Senate in such a shape as the committee
think proper, and then the Senate can determ-
ine the question.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. HAMLIN. In section seven, line eight,
I move to strike out the word "first." Itnow
reads "it shall be applied first to the reim-
bursement pro rata to the individual stock-
holders," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. In line nine of the same
section I move to strike out the word "indi-
vidual" before the word "stockholders."
I he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. In the same section I move
to strike out all after the word " thereon " in
the eleventh line, in the words "and second,
to the return to the corporations of George-
town and Washington, and to the levy court
of the county of Washington, of the amount
ot their several contributions to the company."
lhe section as it stood provided that the
stockholders should be reimbursed from the
™°n¥f £ ® iexlubltion' if thero were
cient funds, with ten per cent, interest. It
en provided that the cities should bereim-
wwt rS 14 n,ow standsi taking the section
^ ?uaVe a,!r®ady adopted, it makes the
c ties, if they shaU subscribe, stockholders,
and makes the distribution of any funds to al
stockholders m distribution alike, leaving the
