mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Removal of Disabilities—Mr. Doclzery.
Ho. on? Reps.
ern Siates. We wish that species of legislation
which enables us to select our best men im-
positions of .trust and responsibility in these
limes of general distress and gloom which per-
vades the southern mind.
[ am, too, as is well known, sir, in favor of
universal amnesty—the passage of a general
bill for universal relief. We have had quite
enough of this peddling process, which consumes
much time and indicates a policy at once illib-
eral, ungenerous, and grudging. But, sir, at
the instance of friends, I adopt the exceptions
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, believing
that we can do no better at this time. I do so
reluctantly, but yield to the wishes and sug-
gestions of others.
The substitute, Mr. Speaker, operates on a
very different theory, and will be productive
of more harmonious results. The title of the
bill, " to lemove disabilities, to restore kind
feeling and secure peace," is, to n>y mind, a
sequilur, and cannot be successfully contro-
verted. It proceeds on the assumption that
(he war is indeed over, and that all the States
have returned from their wanderings, and are,
or soon will be, at "home again;" that the
sooner the era of good feeling is inaugurated
the better for all parts of this great country ;
that fraternal concord and brotherly love would
extract stings which otherwise might rankle,
and that the spirit of the age, the times in which
we live, the exalted position and magnificent
future of the American Government, demand
that magnanimity and manly concession which
reunites hearts as well as political bonds in one
universal sentiment of American brotherhood
and common destiny. By this means general
contentment can be produced, sectional preju-
dices eradicated, and feelings of love and con-
cord fostered. By this means all will yet be
right again; otherwise, these difficulties may
be augmented by motives of resentment, until,
like mountains intervening, you make enemies
of sections
"Who had else,_
Like kindred drops, been mingled into one."
Occupying the vanguard in this great work
of reconstruction, North Carolina to-day,
through lier Legislature, but recently adjourned,
asks the removal of all disabilities of her own
citizens as well as those of all the southern
States. The resolutions are full, comprehen-
sive, and pointed, and read as follows:
JUmhitinn requeuing Senators and llepresentntivcx in
the (J'fliQYGSM of the U.iited >Silutes io urge %>o.%8uqc of
general amnesty.
Whereas the sun in all his courso over our wide-
spread country no longer shines upon the biow of a
slave, and whereas in view oi' our present political
condition our relations to the national Government
«>nd the people of all sections of the couutrv, the
time lias fully come when wo c.m indorse, without
reservation, the great measui es oI po li lical and ci\ iJ
rights without distinction, baoed cither on color or
antecedent ucN; Theieiore,
RewVwd by the (jenera! jinvembh/ of orhi (■n-o u.c,
Th.it our Senators and Jlcprosmtatiycs in tho Con-
gress of the United States be, find they are herob>,
respectfully requested to ur^e trie pas>age oi a a act
oi general amnesty tor the renef Ot those citizeiis'Ol
North Cnrolinaaudof the other&tatcJ huel.v emragred
in rebellion, who are rendered ineligible to olhco by
the fourteenth amendmentof theConstuution or the
United States from the political disabilities wuu.li
Mud article imposes.
I'csolve.d fattker, That our benators ;md Leprcsem-
ati/cs in thvj Co igressof the United bcates be. and
llicv a.ie hereby, respectfully requested to urge the
repeal of the act known asthe test-oath act, and also
the iepc.il of any and every other act that is calcu-
lated to peipetuate the passions engendered  y the
lute tumble civil war.
]!< <nlred further. That the Governor o, the blate
b<> and ho i<-heieov, respectfully lequestcutoli.ins-
;iUV   rlulv iiiuhenUcjued copy oi thei c resolutions to
c.ich of our Senator- and Uepres?ntatives m the (,on-
frrss of the United States. . i ,-p ^
in Genera I Assembly, read three i lrues, and latiheu
tins ml, day
Speaker of ihe
TOD XL (JALPWKhU
<>J the udKiff!.
Those resolutions, invoking tho interposition
of the General Government iu behalf or our
southern brethren were adopted by large ma-
jorities, receiving in the House 50 yeas to 24
nays, and in the Senate the significant vote of
35 .yeas to 2 nays, and in my district of twelve
counties there were in both Houses but two
dissenting votes; and, remarkable to say, Mr.
Speaker, these resolutions, looking to pacifica-
tion and harmony, received the enthusiastic
indorsement of seventeen out of nineteen col-
ored members, which act bespeaks for that
race a degree of magnanimity worthy of our
respect and admiration.
Also Governor Holden, the chief Executive
of that State, in his annual message to the
Legislature, assembled in Raleigh in the whiter
of 1869, uses the following strong and emphatic
language:
"By the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States certain persons in tho
rccentl.v insurgent States are debarred the privilege
of holding otlicc at tho hands of their fcllow-eiti-
'/.ens, but tho Congress may at pleasuie remove Mich
disability. There are many citizens of States which
did not engage in rebellion who are technically
exempt irom this disability, but who were not more
loyal to the Government, and arc not now more loyul
than many citizcns of this State who ai o only tech-
nically excluded from holding office. I am not able
to perceive that a, citizen ot a State that did not
engage in rebellion, who sympathized with the pre-
tended contederacy, and did all he could to discour-
age volunteering and to paralyze the national arms,
is more loyal or more deserving of consideration
than the southcrnUnioni.it whooccupicd sonies>mall
office, not with a view to aid the rebellion, but
merely to escape conscription. There arc several
thousands of persons in this State of the latter class
j who wore at one time supremely attached to tho
national Government, and whoendeavored ill every
conceivable way to avoid lighting against tho Gov-
ernment of tho United States, but who arc now
soured and distressed because by tho fourteenth
amendment the very means they adopted to avoid
doing violence to their judgments and consciences
have been used to exclude them l'rom olliec.
"Every citizcn ot this class and every loyal citizen
is entitled to be at once iclicvcd by this Congress.
There are several thousand others iu the State who
arc either indifferent to the Government or opposed
to the actpot Congress by which theSiate was i ecou*
s-tructed. Theso persons have been sorely punished
fortheiraetsof rebellion. Kven if disposed tothwart
the action of the Federal or State governments they
are poweilessto do so. They aie chafcd by the reflec-
tion that their former slaves can hold office while
they ifte excluded; and this reilection is magnified m
their minds into the belief that the national Go\cui-
ment is disposed to pursue and punish them simply
bccause they had taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution of thoUnited States before Lhoy engaged in
rebellion, while the obligation to support that instru-
ment vas equally binding upon all, and thousands
unon thousands who never took tnat oath, but who
were as deeply and as bitterly immersed in the lebel-
lion as they were, aro not bound or excluded, iho
nation can afford to be magnanimous. Alter nine
years of rebellion and stnte  ml civil discord and
social disruption and bitterness, a very largo majority
of the people of Xorlh Carolina lonu' for peace and
harmony, and good-will, and security for lite and
propcrtv. But this matter is m the hands ol Con-
giess. The States have 110 control over it. Lot tho
nation fahow lis power everywhere to maintain the
laws, to punish those who may resist its authority,
and to sustain tho ltconstructed State." in securing
to then citizens as thorough freedom anda>< profound
peace and quiet as exist in other States ;butletitat
the same time exhibit that magnanimity and uieu-y
toward all winch, after nine yea.is ol'conili^t andstrile
and ill-wili. would so admirably grace the freest, the
pioudi-.-'t, and the greatot people on the face ot the
earth."
Tlte.se st'hlimtMifs, aTl. Speakei, of our Re-
publican Guvci 1101 1 most heartily indorse;
nobis views and magnificently littered ; mag-
nanimity commensurate with the povver, gran-
deur, and majesty of this great Government;
mercy proportionate with the ends gained;
good-will, confidence, peace, and harmony in
lieu of discord, strife, and bitterness ; love and
not hatred, respect, and not distrust.
With a view, Mir. Speaker, to a more minute
examination of this important subject. 1 pro-
pose to classify it under four distinct heads :
F!ri>t. It is necessary to secure for political
affairs the best talent iu the State.
Second. The more technical fact that a per-
son who had at some previous time taken ail
oiKcial oath U) support ihe Constitution of the
United Stales, and was afterward engaged m
the rebellion, or gave aid and comfort to the
enemy," is no safe criterion of his loyalty or
patriotism, either past or present.
Third. The recordot'North Carolina, before
and during the war, as well as since its over-
throw, has been such as to invite the confidence
of Congress and the nation.
Fourth. The issues that distracted the coun-
try for many years, ultimately culminating in
secession by "firing the southern heart" and
precipitating the rebellion, are in themselves
settled by the results of the war, and hence are
obsolete and of 110 vital force.
On the first point, sir, argument would
scarcely seem necessary. At.any and all times
the most eminent ability and scrupulous integ-
rity are essential to a propeiydevelopment of
all the interest of a people. But more espe-
cially in times of revolution does the ship of
State require the guidance of statesmen of ex-
perience and moral worth, to solve the perplex-
ing combinations, political and financial, which
daily arise. It is paying this country and Gov-
ernment a very poor compliment, to deny that
the best talents and brains of the South were
engaged either directly or indirectly in the
rebellion.
Whatever may have been a man's position
before the first gun was lired on Fort Sumter,
theyearhadnotpassed away before the southern
people were substantially a unit. Those who
opposed secession felt that it was inevitable.
Those who would have struggled against it
were forced into submission to the inexorable
public opinion that surrounded them on all
sides. Many were convinced against their
better judgment. The heat of battle, and the
surrounding enthusiasm inflamed the imagina-
tions of the young and even intoxicated many
old and prudent heads. The pride of State,
the force of public sentiment, and the passion
for success carried all before it on one tremen-
dous and irresistible wave. The doctrine of
secession, always in the South a mooted ques-
tion, when practically exercised enlisted tho
sympathies of the people, m behalf of property,
common rights, and the hearth-stone. The
ft'Tor soon became universal._
ll is no exaggeration to say, in general terms,
that the sum of all the wealth, all the talent,
all the moral and social forces of tho South
were forced into one tremendous enginery iu
aid of the rebellion, before whose omnipotent,
power the few exceptional persons who dared
raise their protest against it were as unheeded
as the chirping of a bird amid the thunders of
Niagara. "No, sir ; it is absurd for any one to
pretend that any small or inconsiderable por-
tion of the people of tho South espoused the
rebellion. Nothing less than a firm and united
people, imbued with all the enthusiasm of con-
viction, could have held the enormous power
of this great nation at bay for four long years.
A contest which amazed the world by its mag-
nitude, by its recklessness of human life, its
death thioes, daring a period equal to that ot
its whole duration, was the work of 110 pigmies,
and was founded in 110 superficial causes. And
the crime which was so earnestly embraced by
a whole people has been fearfully avenged.
The retribution of the South is a penalty almost
greater than she can bear. Stripped of Im-
properly, despoiled of her rights, and contin-
uously suspected, her sufferings are intense
and her anxiety deep, abiding. Willi long and
patient waiting alone can she regain what she
has lost. Let her have ail tho help she can
get, especially from those whose zeai and sin-
cerity in a bad cause are sufficient guarantees
for their honesty of inreution.
Mr. Speaker, it would seem to require but
little reflection to convince any reasonable
man that tho mere fact that a pei^ou who was
engaged in the rebellion, or in giving aid and
comlort to the enemies of the United States,
and had previously taken an oath to support
