1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3503
session and sent to the Senate) so there will be
no doubt of its becoming a law at the next ||
session. ■!
Mr. DAWES. I do not misunderstand the j
gentleman. What he proposes is this: to go |
through with the bill and send it to the Senate,
■where it may be referred to the Committee on
Finance, so that it may be taken up there and
acted on early in the next session. That is it;
I do not misunderstand the gentleman. Now,
for os to spend the hot weather in mere senti-
mental talk over a bill which he does not expect
to be taken up for consideration in the other
branch of Congress, while the regular appro-
priation bills are postponed, is to my mind
wholly unnecessary, if not wrong. I am com-
pel led, therefore, to move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the Navy appropriation
bill, and pending that motion to move that
all prior orders be postponed until after the
consideration of the regular appropriation bills
now in the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I have said
nothing to-day which will in the slightest degree
justify the remark that I have proposed to the
House to go on with sentimental talk oyer the
tariff bill. On the contrary, I have said it is
in tbe power of this House, if they will indulge :
only in business talk and sensible action, to put
through this tariflf bill this session, and even long
before t.hey have thought of adjourning in July.
And if they do that, it gives renewed assurance
this Congress will not adjourn without the bill
becoming a law. But at the same time if it is
to be postponed on one pretext or another to
get everything else out of the way and then
to adjourn—1 say upon those who do that will
be the responsibility of this not passing and
becoming the law. I thought I was to have
the earneBt support of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to see that this bill gets through
at the earliest period this session consistently
with his relation to other matters of public
business, and yet he now speaks of it only as
the subject for sentimental talk.
Mr. DAWES. I intend whenever his bill
is in committee or before the House to work
with him as earnestly as I can to get it through.
But the gentleman talks about its being post-
poned for a day or two, when there are eight
or nine appropriation bills urgently demand-
ing onr action. He is not willing to have the
tariff bill carried through in the last days of
the session, but is willing to have the whole
appropriations for carrying on this Govern-
ment passed under those circumstances.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I took np just fifteen
minutes of time in the discussion of the tariff
bill. I have voted with the chairman of the
committee on every division of the House but
one, and I have voted to-day to give him om-
nipotent power over his bill when it is in com-
mittee; but I insist that, as between that bill
and the bills reported by tbe Committee on
Appropriations, the gentleman from Ohio
should make way for those bills. I now yield
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise
to a point of order. The motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. Neither of the motions made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts is debat-
able.
The question was put on Mr. Dawes's mo-
tion, that prior special orders be postponed
until the regular appropriation bills be dis-
posed of in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I say that is in bad
faith after what has passed here this morning.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 77, not
voting 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Archer, Arnell.
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Barry, Beaman, Beck, Biggs,
Booker, Bowen, Boyd, Burr, Benjamin P. Butler,
Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Conner, Crebs,
Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Dox, Duval, Farnsworth,
Ferris?, Finkelnburg, Pitch, Garfield, Getz, Gibson,
Griswold. Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hamilton, Har-
ris, Hawkins, Hawley, Heflin, Holman, Hotchkisa,
Iielsey, Ketcham. Knott. Laflin, Lewis, Mayham, |
McCrary, McKenzie, McNeely, Milnes, Morgan, j
Mungen, Niblack. Paine, Peters, Piatt, Poland, i
Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Rogers, Roots, Sargent, i
Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, ]
Sherrod, Shober, Slocuin, Joseph S. Smith, Worth-
ington C.Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Ste- :
yens, Stiles, Stokes, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble,
Twichell, UpsOn, Van Trump. Voorhees. Cadwalader
C. Washburn,Winans, Wood, and Woodward—92.
5lAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Axtell, j (
Banks, Barn am,Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Ben ton,
Bingham, Blair,George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffin-
ton, Burchard, Cake. Cessna, William f. Clark, !|
AmasaCobb.Coburn, Conger,Cowles, Donley,Dyer,
Ferry, Gilfillan, Hamill, Hay, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, :
Ingersoll, Julian. Kelley, Kellogg, Lash, Lynch,
McCarthy, McGrew. Mereur, EliakimH. Moore,
JesseH. Moore, William Moore, Morphis,Daniel J. :
Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Packard, Packer,
Peck, Perce, Prosser, Rice, Sawyer, Sehenck, Sco-
field, Shanks, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taylor, :
Tillman, Townsend, Tyner, Van Wyck, Welker.
Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, Williams, EugeneM. ,
Wilson, and JohnT. Wilson—77.
NOT VOTINQ—Messrs.Bailey,Bird, Boles, James j
Brooks, Buck, Burdott, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode. Cox, Cullom,
Davis, Degener, Dixon, Dockery, Ela, Eldridge,
Fisher, Fox, Hambleton, Hays, Heaton, Iloge,
Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knapp, Lawrence, Logan. Lough-
ridge, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, McKee, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Orth, Palmer, Phelps,
Porter, Reeves, Ridgway, Sanford, Stone, Strader,
Tanner, Van Auken, Van Horn, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Wells, Wilkinson, Winchester, and
Witcher—59.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is now
too late to go into Committee of the Whole;
but I give notice that to-morrow, after the
morning hour, I will move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the naval appropriation bill. I now move that
| the House adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will
> not move to adjourn. 1 insist either that we
! shall go into Committee of the Whole or that
| that motion be suspended for a time to admit
of other business.
HOT SPRINGS EJS8ERVATION.
Mr. KNOTT. I rise to make a privileged
report. The bill in relation to the Hot Springs
reservation has been found to have a clerical
error in its enrollment, and I ask that it may
be considered as recommitted to the commit-
tee of conference.
There was no objection; and it wa£ so ordered.
eights op citizens in the states.
* Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the House, under
instructions from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to allow me to report and put on its
passage, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, which has been fully considered by
the House, bill No. 1293, to enforce the rights
of citizens of the United States to vote in the
several. States of this Union who have hereto-
fore been denied that right on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude; This
t>ill has been printed and upon the tables of
members for nearly three months. The object
of the bill is to enforce the legal rigbtof the citi-
zens of the United States to vote in tbe several
States of this Union—a right which is defiantly
denied in my own State and in others, in direct
contravention of the express letter of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended to allow me to report the bill with an
amendment and put the same on its passage.
I would ask the Chair, is it in order to join the
two motions ?
The SPEAKER. It is; and upon that only
one dilatory motion can be made.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I make it. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to make aparliament-
ary inquiry. If the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] prevails, does it cut
off the opportunity to offer amendments?
The SPEAKER. It does, and passes the
bill by a single vote of two thirds of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it proposed to put
through such an important bill without allow-
ing any opportunity for amendment or discus-
sion?
Mr. RANDALL. That is the proposition,
and it is for that reason that I make the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. If gentlemen will not
make objections 
Mr. CESSNA. I make the point of order
that no debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I am willing that the
substitute or bill which the gentleman proposes
to pass shall be read.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
tho following:
That any officer of the United States, or of any
State, Territory, or district, and every officer of any
city, county, town, township, borough, ward, parish,
or hundred, in any State, Territory, or district, who
| shall by any official aot whatever, or by the omission,
i neglect, or refusal to perform any official act or duty
i whatever, whether under color or pretext of any
provision of any State constitution, or any law of
1 any State, Territory, or district whatsoever, or of
any local, municipal, or other law,rule, or ordinance,
denyor abridge the right of any citizen of the United
States to vote, on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, at any Federal, State, county,
municipal, or other election, shall, upon conviction
thereof, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall be punished by imprisonment of not less than
one year and not exceeding three years, or by a line
not less than $500 nor exceeding $5,000, or both such
fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of thecourt.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That all colored
citizens of the United States resident in the several
States of the United States shall be entitled to vote
at all elections in the State, county, parish, town,
township, ward, or hundred of their residence, sub-
ject only to tho same conditions which now are or
may hereafter be required to qualify white citizens
to vote therein. And any person whosball by force,
fraud, intimidation, or other unlawful means what-
soever, prevent any colored citizen from voting at
any suoh election, who possesses the qualifications,
except in respect of color, requisite to enable a white
citizen to vote thereat, shall, upon conviction thereof,
be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, andshall be im-
prisoned notlessthan six months and not exceeding
one year, or be fined not less than $100 nor more t ban
$1,000, or be punjshed by bothsuch line and imprison-
ment, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That in case the
constitution or law of any State shall require the
assessment or payment of a tax as a qualification of
an elector, if any assessor or other officer elected or
appointed under the laws of such State, and author-
ized or required by the laws thereof to make any
assessment of persons or property for the purpose of
such taxation, shall refuse or willfully neglect to
assess the person or property of any colored citizen
of the United States qualified as aforesaid, and resid-
ing in the town, hundred, borough, township, parish,
county, ward, or district for which said assessor or
other officer shall have been elected or appointed as
atoresaid, he shall, for every such offense, forfeit
and pay the sum of $500 to any person who will sue
for the same, and shall for every suoh offense be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be fined not less
than$500, and be imprisoned not less than one month.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That in case tbe
constitution or law of any State shall require the
assessment or payment of a tax as a qualification of
an elector, if any officer or member of any levy court,
or other body of officers authorized or required by
the laws of such State to make or correct any assess-
ment of persons or property for the purpose of such
taxation, or authorized or required by the laws of
such State to assess or levy any such tax, shall reluse,
or willfully neglect or advise, or shall participate,
concur, or acquiesco in the refusal or willful neglect
of such levy court or other body of officers to assess
the person or property, or to assess or levy any such
tax upon the person or property of any colored citi-
zen of the United States, qualified as aforesaid, and
residing in tbe county or district for which sma ofij-
cer, levy court, or other body of officers shall have
been elected or appointed, tie shall for every such
offense torfeit and pay the suua of $500 to any person
who will sue for the same, and shall for every suoh
offense be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, auasnali
be fined not less than $500, and be imprisoned not
less than one month. „ u
Sec. 5, And be it further entfetfd, That if any clerk
