5392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
reached New York, and was sold ia' a' lot 6f
one thousand and six bales, including the
ninety bales belonging to Mr. MeManus, the
claimant here. He applied within two years,
under the act of 1863, by petition, to the Court
of Claims. He left all his papers with his
attorney, J. Paschall, of San Antonio, Texas.
Mr. Paschall forwarded these papers to his
brother, George W. Paschall, then practicing
in the Court of Claims, but residing in the city
of New York. The papers were lost between
these attorneys for upward of a year. The
papers were alLmade out, lodged in the hands
of his attorneys ia order to reclaim the pro-
ceeds of this cotton in the Court of Claims
within two years, in pursuance of the law, and
through no fault of his, but through the mis-
fortune of the loss of the papers, he was pre-
vented from obtaining the proceeds of this cot-
ton years ago. The case, I say, after invest-
igating it, is one of the clearest merit; and I
should be very much obliged to the Senator
from Oregon if he would withdraw his objec-
tion and let the report be read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I made no objection; I
simply wanted the matter explained.
Mr. HOWARD, I wish the honorable Sen*
ator from Indiana would be good enough to
state who owned this cotton, what his political
character was, where it was' seized, and by
whom it> was seized. I do not understand.
Mr. PRATT. I will state that Colonel
Thomas McManus, who is the claimant here,
is a gentleman who is indorsed by such respect-
able military authorities as Major General
Can by ^ Major General Dana, and Major Gen-
eral Heron, who were respectively in com-
mand of the military department of Texas.
Mr. HOWARD. Is he claimed to havebcen
a loyal man, to have been the owner of the
cotton, and is it claimed that the United States
Army took the cotton away from him?
Mr. PRATT. General Dana says his loy-
alty amounted to fanaticism; that he rendered
the most meritorious services. With money
of his own, the proceeds of sixty bales of cotton
that he had sold, he assisted in raising the first
and second regiments of cavalry, spent all his
money in raising them. He proceeded under
the orders of Major General Dana to the upper
Iiio Gra'nde, at Eagle Pass, where a large con-
traband trade was going on with the Mexicans.
He raised there, with his own means, a force
of refugees of between three and four hundred
men ; captured Fort Duncan, captured between
seven and eight hundred bales of cotton, and
forwarded them to the general in command at
Brownsville. lie is indorsed by Governor
Hamilton, of Texas; by these military gentle-
men that I have named, and by Judge PaschaU,
as a man of the most unquestioned loyalty, a
man of great bravery, and who rendered the
most meritorious services to the Union cause
daring the war. This is Colonel Thomas Mc-
Manus, the claimant in this case.
Mr. HOWARD. I should regard the "ren-
dering of the services as the most important,
element in the case, the actual rendition of
services to the country.
Several Senators. Lot the bill pass.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, and read the third time.
Mr. HOWE. 1 am not going to take any
time in disputing this bill, because if the Senate
is content to pa^s it I am entirely willing that
it should. I believe Colonel McManus to be a
very, deserving man. My doubts about this
claim, however, rest on the fact that I do not
think it is-shown that the Government received
any of his cotton. That is one difficulty.
Then I thought it was a pretty extraordinary
case in another respect. The report shows—
and I am indebted to the careful examination
of the Senator from Indiana for all I know
of the case, that all the property Colonel
McManus had in the year 1861 was ninety
mules 
Mr. PRATT. Ninety-two mules. He ex-
changed ninety-two mules for these one hun-
dred and sixty bales of cotton.
Mr. HOWE. He had ninety-two mules when
leaving Texas, and he exchanged them for one
hundred and sixty bales of cotton. Sixty bales
of the cotton he has had, and now he wants pay
for the balance. If the Government has got
that cotton,.! think it should be paid for,
although, when you consider that the bill con-
templates the payment of $22,000 in addition
to the sixty bales of cotton that he has had
already, it is evident that he brought his mules
to a good market. I supposehehadthecotton
some time, and if the Government has got the
cotton I should be in favor of paying for it; but
not having the evidence that the Government
had it, all the evidence being expartc, I thought
the best thing we could do was to waive the
laches and let the man go to the Court of
Claims and establish his claims as he would
have had to do under the act of 18G3 if he had
gone in time.
The joint resolution was passed.
LEGISLATIVE, 13TC,, APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following report;
The committco of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments io the
bill (IX. R. No 974) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of Juno,
1871, having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recedo from their .amendments
numbered 5(3, 59, G5. GO, 07, 7J, 7f\ SJ. So, 87, iU J,
106,100,110, 116,117,1-0, 121,3 25,120, 1V>,KX,17\ 39->,
190,200, 201,202, 2i 3, 208, 209, 21i, 22o, 242,213,214, 2Jf>,
240, 217,248, 249, 250,252. 251, 2)5, ami 2ot>.
That the House recede from their disagreement io
the amendments of the Sena }e numbered 4, 5, 0. 7,10,
U, 27, 32, 3.\ 39, 40, 41, 42, 43. 4<>, 50, 51, 5S. 61,0?, 03, (H,
68. 09. 70, 71, 74. 70, 77,79, 81, 81. 88, 90. 95, !H5,100,105,
115,119,123,124,129,331,l.>2,13S, l.jy. JJ0, 141,142,1 tf,
114, 140,147, 1 50,153, 150,157, loB, lf>9,100,1'H, 163,10*,
16 >, 107,16K, 172,173,182, 18.1,185, 19^ 191.193,10o, 197,
204,210,211,222, 223,224, 225, and 230: and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: restore the
word stricken out by said amendment; and on page
1, line fifteen, of the bill, after the word "dollars,"
insert the following: "and the additional sum of
SI,000 while the said office is held by the present
incumbent, and no longer;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House rccede from their amendment to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to said
amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment <>{ the .Senate, anil agree to
the same with the.tollowing amendment: alter the
woid "messengers," on pj^e 2, line seventeen, of
the bill, insert the following words: "Jo be appointed
and removed bv the Seigoant-at-Amns with the
approval of the Committee to Audit and Control il:e
Contingent Expenses) of the Senate," and the Senate
agree to the >-ame.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the .Senate, and agree
to the boiuc with an amendment, as follows: at the
end of said amendment add the following worda:
"said pages to be appointed and removed by the
Sergeant-at-Arms. with the approval of the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate ;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from < heir disagreement to
the twenty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the {oilo-ving amendments:
In lino two of paid amendment strike out the word
"two "and interim lieu the woid "one; ' and m
the-ame hne strike out the w<>rds " and eighty-eight"'
and insert in lieu the words "eight hundred:" and
in line three strike out the word " eight" and insert
in lieu the word "five and in line lour strike out
the word " thirty " and insert in lieu the word-:
"twenty-five;" and in line five strike out the woid
"five" and insert in heu the word " two and in
the same line strike out the following words : " and
eighty-four;" and in line six strikeout" forty-seven"
and insert in lieu " thirtyand in the same line
strike out the words " five hundred^uid twenty;" and
in hne nine strike out the word/" sixty-one " and
insert in lieu iho words "forty-two;" and in the
same line strike out the word " two " and insert in
lieu the word " eight;" and in the same line strike
out the words " and eightand the Senate agree to
tba same.
Thai the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the fchirty-liist amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the thirty-sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-third amendment of the Senate, aud agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: m line
four of said amendment strike out tho words " and
of public interest to" and insert m lieu which
laws shalland the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the fifty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with tho following amendment: m lieu
of the word "eight," in said amendment, substitute
the word "five;" and theSenatc agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
thefifty-seventh amendmentoftheSenate, and agree-
to the same with the following amendment: m lieu
of the words inserted by said amendment insert the'
following words; "Seven thousand and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: in line one
of said amendment strike out the word " six" and
iusert in lieu the word "three; "and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the Uou«e recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-fit th amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows :in line
two ofsa.id amendment, strike out the words "forty-
one" and insert in lieu the words " twenty-nine;"
and in the same line sn iko out the word " four " and
iuscrt in lieu the word "tax;" and in lino three
strike out the word *'sixty" and insert in iieu the
word "iortyand the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede fiom tncir disagreement to
the seventy-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows: in
lino six of said amendment strike out the word
" eight" and insert in lieu the word." nine," and in
tho same line strike out the word "seven" and in-
sert in lieu the word "nine;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House roeedc from their disagreements
the eighty-fifth amendmentof the Senate, and agree
to tho same with amendments, as follows: in Tine
two of said amendment strike out the word " one"
and insert in lieu the word "five;" and after the
word "hundred," in the same line, add the follow-
ing words: "andtwenty;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows: in •
line two of said amendment strike out the word
"nine "and insert in lieu the word "seven;" and
in line three strike out the word " two " and insert
in lieu the^vord "seven;" and in the same line
strike out the word "forty" :nnt insert in lieu the
word " sixty;" and tho Senate agree to the same.
Tnat tho House recede irom tlmr amendment to
the innet y-Jourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to said amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninety-seventh amendment ot the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, a? follows:
llestore lhe words stricken oat by said amendment,
and at the endol said amendment add the toIloiYing
words: " And provided fvri he,-, That \:10,000 is hereby
appropriated to bo expended in the office of the
Treasurer of the United States, at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury ;" and th* Senate
agree to the same.
That theHouse recede from their disagreement to
the ninety-ninth amendment oi the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment^:
in addition to thewords stricken out by aidamend-
ment strike out lines fourteen, fiireon, sixteen, and
down to and including the word "oitiecrs" in line
seventeen, page 30 oi the bill; and strike out the
word "and " in line twelve, on the same page of the
bill, and insert it before the words "for stamps" in
the same line; aud the Senate agree to tho same.
Thai the Sxinate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to theono hundred and
fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
i-amo with the following amendment: add after the
word "dollars" in line five, page 21 of the bill, as
follows: "Provided, That the compensation of tho
.Deputy Assistant Treasurer shall be.>3.00u per annum,
and no more;" mid the House agree to the s ime.
That the House reoede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twollth amendment ot the.Sen-
ate, and agree to the same with an amendment, as
ioilows: restore the word " thirteen," stricken out
by said amendment; and in line eigni,pi!s;e 22 of the
bill, strike oat the/v\ ord " six" <.mi in^ut iue word
"ei^ht; ' and retain, the word "iorty-" inserted bv
said amendment; and the Senate aarce to the same'.
^ That the House recede from their disagreement to
tno one hundred and thirteenth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follow*: in line three of said amendment, alter
tne word ' o'ie," insert the woid *'aslant;" and
tne Senate a^ree to the same.
i hat the Senate recede from their one hundred
hundred
, . .   in line thirteen, sjune
page, and inserting in lieu thereof the io'lowing
words: Assistant Treasurer, tire thousand; " and
the House asace to the same.
1 hat the House recede irom their disagreement
to the one hundred and eighteenth amendmentof
the Senate, and agree to the same with amendment?,
as ioLows: m heu of the wouU inserted by baid
amendment, insert tue following words: "eleven
thousand, and on pagfc 22, line seventeen, of the bill
suuo out the word "hundred;" and the Senate
agr^e to tho same.
That the House reeedc from their disagreement
iff°£ue Hundred ana twenty-second amendment
ot the Senate, and agree to the siuiie with an amend-
