3504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
or other officer required by the law of any State to
register, record, or transcribe any list of persons upon
whom taxes have been assessed, or to transcribe and
certify any duplicate of such list to the collector of
taxes, shall refuse or willfully neglect to register,
record, transcribe, or enter upon the proper assess-
ment list, or upon the proper duplicates of such
assessment list, the name of any colored citizen of
the United States who has been lawfully assessed to
pay any tax, the payment ot which tax is by the
constitution or laws of such State a qualification of
an elector of such State, every such clerk or officer
shall for 4very such offense forfeit and pay the sum
of $500 to any person who will sue for the same, and
shall for every such offense be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall be fined not less than $500
and be imprisoned not less than one month.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if any col-
lector of taxes elected or appointed by authority of
the laws ot any State shall refuse or willfully neg-
lect to receive from any colored citizen of the United
States residing in such State any tax which he is
required by law to collect from citizens of such State,
a nd the payment of which tax is by the constitution
or laws of such State a qualification of an elector
of such State, or if any such collector shall refuse or
willfully neglect to give to any such colored citizen
a receipt for any such tax, when the amount thereof
shall have been paid or tendered to him by such col-
ored citizcn, he shall for every such offense forfeit
and pay the sum of &50U to any person who will sue
for the same, and shall for every such offense be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be fined
not less than $200 and be imprisoned for not less than
one month.
Sec.7. And be it further enacted. That if at any
State, county, township, hundred, or municipal elec-
tion, held by the authority of any law of any State,
or at any election for electors of President of the
United States, or for members of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States, any officer, in-
spector, or judge of the election shall retuse to re-
ceive, or shall advise or concur in refusing to receive
the vote of any person on account of his race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, every such offi-
cer, inspector, or judge shall, for every such oliense,
forieitand pay the sum of $-500 to any person whose
vote shall have been so refused who may sue ior the
same in any court of the United States; and such
officer, inspector, or judge shall lor every such of-
fense bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof shall be fined not less than $200
nor more than S-300, and be imprisoned not less than
one month.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That any register
or o£icer who shall refuse to register or enter upon
the list of voters or list of persons who will be enti-
tled to vote at any election, the name of any colored
person having the qualifications of a white citizen
entitled to vote or to be placed on such list in other
lespects except race or color, and any officer or mem-
ber of any board lor the admission of electors, who
shall refuse to admit to the electors' oath, or to the
privileges of an elector, any colored person on ac-
count of his race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude. or having the qualifications ot a white citi-
zen entitled to the privileges of an elector in other
respects than race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof shall forfeit and pav a penalty
of not less than b20U nor more than $500, and shall
be imprisoned not less than one month nor more
than six months, or both, at the discretion of the
court. ,
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall, by threats, violence, or intimidation, pre-
vent, or attempt to prevent, any citizen of the United
States from the free exercise of his right to vote m
any election at which members of Congress or elect-
ors for President or Vice President of the United
States may be voted for, such person so offending
shall be liable to indictment, and, on conviction
thereof, shall be subject to a line not exceeding $1,000,
or to imprisonment not less than one year nor more
than three years, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
Sec. 10. Aadbe it farther enacted, That the circuit
courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction of
the suits for forfeitures imposed and causes of action
created by this act, and the circuit and district courts
of the United States &hall have jurisdiction of the
misdemeanors created by this act.
Mr. FITCH. I ask leave to have an amend-
ment read.
Mr. CESSNA. I object
The question was on Mr. Randall's motion,
to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 121, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Adatns, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Biggs, James Brooks. Barr, Conner, Crebs,
Dickinson, Box, Eldridge, Fitch, Gibson, Giiswold,
Haight, Hnldcinan, Hamill, Hawkins, Holman,
Knott. Lewis, Mayham, McXeely, Milnes, Morgan,
Mungeii, "Niblack, Potter, Randall, Bice, Rogers,
Sherrod, Slooum. Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Sv/ann,
Sweeney, Trmiblc, Vanl'niuip, Voorhees, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, and U ood—15.
NAYS— Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Aines, Arm-
strong, Arnell. Asper, Atwood, Aver, Banks, Bca-
man, Boatty, Benjamin,Bennett,Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buflmton, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Dawes, X>ickey, Bon-
ley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Famsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Finkelnburg, Garfield, OHlfillan, Hale, Hamilton,
Harris, Hawley, Hay, Heilin, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kellogg, Kclsey,
Keteham, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Lougliridge, Lynch,
McCarthy. McCrary, McGrow, McKee, Mereur,
Lliakira ,H. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore,
Morphia, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck, Perce, Peters, Piatt,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Sargent, Sawyer, Schumaker,
ScoSekl, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson,Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
Welker, Wheeler, Whitrnore, Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson.'and Winans—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Bailey, Barry, Bird, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd. Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,
Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb. Covode,
Cox, Cuilom, Davis, Degcner. Dixon, Dockery,
Fisher, Pox, Gorz, Hambleton, Hays, Heaton, Ilogo,
Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, TliomasL.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Knapp, Lawrence, Mar-
shall, Maynaid, McCormick, McKenzio, Samuel P.
-Morrill, Morrissey, Orth, Palmer, Phelps, Poland,
Porter, Beeves, Ridgway, Roots, Sanford, Schenck,
Shober, Stone, Strader, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Ward, Williatn B. Washburn, Wells, Wilkinson,
Witcher, and Woodward—62.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Bingham's
motion, that the rules be suspended and the
bill passed. j
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and j
nays. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. !
The question was taken : and there were— ;
yeas 131, nays 44, not voting 53 ; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames.Armstrong, i
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Barry, Boa- j
man, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, 1
Blair, Booker, Boyd, GeorseM. Brooks. Buck, Buck- !
ley, Buflinton, Burchard,Benjamin F. Butler. Cake, j
Cessna, Churchill. William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, 1
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles,Dawes, ;
Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Earns- J
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield, \
Gilfilian, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Hay,
Heflin, Hull, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kelley. Kellogg, Kelsey, Keteham, Lafiin,
Lash, Logan. Loughndge, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKee, McKenzie,
Mereur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
Negley, O'Neill. Packard, Packer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots,
Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenek, Seofield. Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington O.Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe,Tanner, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whit-
more, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Winans—l-U.
NAYS—Messrs, Arl*\ms, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Biggs, James Brooks, Burr. Connor, Crebs
Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge, Gibson, Gnswold, ilaight,
Haldeman, VLunili, Hawkins, Holman, Knott,
Lewis, Mayham, McNeciy. Morgan, Muugen, Nib-
lack, Potter, Randall, Rico, Rogers, Schumaker/*"
Shorrod, Slocurn, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, SwantJJ
Sweeney, Trimble, VanTrump, Voorhees, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—ii.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Bailey, Bird, Boles,
Bowen, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Cleve- !
land, ClintonL. Cobb, Covode, Cox, Cuilom, Davis,
Degener, Dockery, Fisher, Fox, Getz, Hambleton.v
Hays, Heaton, Hoge, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander
H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones Judd, Kerr, Kuapp,
Lawrence, Marshall, McCormick, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Morrissey, Orth, Paine, Palmer, Phclps^Porter,
Reeves, Ridgway, Shober, Stoned Strader, Van
Auken, Van Horn, Van Wyck. Ward, William B.
Washburn, Weill!, Wilkinson, Witchcr, and Wood-
ward—53.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VAN WYCK stated that he was paired
with Mr. Van Auken, who would have voted
"no," and he (Mr. Vax Wyck) "ay."
Mr. HAIGHT announced that Mr. Bird was
paired vmh Mr. Morrill, of Maine ; if present
Mr. Bird would have voted "no."
Mr. NIBLACK stated that Mr. Kerf, was
absent from the House to-day; if here he
would have voted "no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 788) for the relief of the
widows and orphans of the officers, seamen,
and marines of the United States vessel of war
Oneida, and for other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 850) lor the relief of Captain
George Henry Preble, of the Navy of the
United States.
state department.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent ta
report back from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs a joint resolution in relation to the
State Department.
The SPEAKER. The title of the jointreso-
lution will be read.
The title of the joint resolution was read, as
follows:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 120) to provide for
the appointment of an examiner of claims for the
Department of State, and for additional clerks in
the Department.
Mr. WELKER. I object to the considera-
tion of this joint resolution at this time.
Mr. BANKS. 11 is absolutely necessary for
the clerical service of the State Department.
[ propose to have the appropriation reduced
from $13,000 to $7,500.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate.
Mr. BANKS. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of considering this joint
resolution at this time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. SCOFIELD
moved that the House adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
leaves op absence.
Mr. KERR was granted three days' addi-
tional leave of absence.
Mr. CULLOM was also granted three days'
additional leave of absence.
Mr. CALKIN was granted leave of absence
until Monday next.
Mr. VAN HORN was granted additional
leave of absence for ten days.
Mr. BENJAMIN was granted fifteen days'
leave of absence from to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, was granted
leave of absence for two days.
Mr. SHOBER was granted leave of absence
until Monday next.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. MERCUR was granted leave to have
withdrawn from the files of the House the papers
in the case of S. C. Nicholson.
Mr. CHURCHILL was granted leave to have
withdrawn from the files of the House the
petition of Captain Phillips for relief.
The question recurred upon the motion to
adjourn; and being taken, upon a division
there were—ayes 83, noes 42.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The memorial of the
Universal Decimal, Weight, Measure, and
Coiuage Association of the United States,
embracing over 100 citizens of Maryland, to-
gether with citizens of other States, praying
Congress to pass a law establishing through-
out this country the simple decimal system of
weights and measures known as the metric sy_s-
tem ; also praying such other legislation as will
tend to secure the adoption of said system in
foreign countries.
By Mr. ATWOOD: The petition of N. IT.
Wood, asking for an increased and elastic vol-
ume of currency to the extent of $300,000,000.
By Mr. AYER: The petition of William L.
Davis and others, citizens of Richmond county,
