1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.2561
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
xientucky, praying the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HOWE presented memorials of citizens
of Kenosha, of Janesville, and of Watertown,
Wisconsin, remonstrating against the division
01 that State into two judicial districts; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. COLE presented six petitions of citi-
zens of California, praying the reestablishment
of the district court of the United States for
the southern district of California; whieli were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE. I also present a petition of
Isaiah W. Lees and Henry H. Ellis, of Cali-
fornia, asking compensation for certain ser-
vices rendered as detectives during the war, by
which serviecs they claim that they benefited
the Government to a large amount—such as
discovering and detecting frauds on the revenue
and high crimes committed against the laws of
the United States. Imove that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial from
members of the Universal Peace Union and
Friends o( Peace in America, belonging to
various States of the Union, in which they set
forth that their aim is to bring about a general
disarmament of nations, and they earnestly
petition Congress not to sanction the proposed
enlargement of the West Point Military Acad-
emy. 1 move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNEli. I send to the Chair a copy
of a resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Massachusetts; which I ask to have road
and laid on the table.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
CoMMOXWFALTII OP MASSACHUSETTS,
House op IIbpeesextatives.
Resolution on the subject of tho union ot the tele-
graph Willi the postal scivice.
Whereas correspondence by telegraph is now con-
fined to a lew by reason of the high and unequal
rates, and the facilities limited to a few localities;
and whereas a bill has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Itoads to tho Senate
of tho United States, to establish a postal telegraph
system whereby the rates will be greatly reduced and
wade uniform for equal distances in all parts of the
country, and the facilities greatly extended and in-
creased ; and whereas a system which will produce
such results, and make the telegraph, like tho mail,
a blessinci to tho whole country, is greatly to bo
desired: Therefore,
llesotved, That our Senators and .Representatives
in Congress be requested to sustain any measures
whieli in their opinion will be calculated to accom-
plish these ends.
Ilesolvrd, That the Governor be, and ho is hereby,
requested to transmit to each of tho Senators and
.Representatives of this Commonwealth m Congress
a copy of the foregoing resolution.
House of representatives, March 20,1870: X'asscd.
Sent up for concurrence,
VV. S. K0BINS0N, Clerk.
Senate, April 1,1870: Passed in concurrence.
S. N. GIEEOltD, Clerl;.
iiouso of representatives, April 0, 1870: A true
copy.
Attest: W. S. IlOBINSOy, Cleric.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand from tho
chairman of the Post Office Committee that
tho committee has reported on that subject?
Mr. RAMSEY. The committee reported
long since.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I ask that tho reso-
lution lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire by what
bony those resolutions were adopted ?
Mr. SUMNER. By both hous.es of the Legis-
kts.re of Massachusetts.
Mr. CONKLING. Both houses?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir; and authenticated
by the Governor.
' Mr. CONKLING. No doubt they are prop-"
erly authenticated; but I am surprised that
both houses of the Massachusetts Legislature
should be induced to pass such a resolution.
The resolution was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 161.
Mr. COLE. I present the petition of the
trustees of the Associated Veterans of the Mex-
ican War, an association incorporated under
the laws of the State of California, includ-
ing a large number of discharged soldiers of
that war, who, in view of the proposition to
grant to the city of San Francisco the Presidio
reservation'for a public park, ask that a por-
tion of it—six fifty-vara lots, or one block—be
assigned to them. The purpose forwhich it is
to be assigned is not specified in the petition,
but I suppose it to be for the purpose of estab-
lishing_ a soldiers' home, inasmuch as that
proposition has, been before Congress.' They
also ask that a like amount, another block, be
awarded to the Grand Army of the Republic,
another association in San Francisco. This
petition I will state is indorsed favorably by
Major General H. W. Halleck. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
R. II. Saunders, Robert W. Ilart., John M.
Waller, Zeph. Turner, James E. Kelly, Joseph
Snodgrass, S. C. Patterson, James Crow, N.
B. French, and William Robinson, of Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, presented a
petition of citizens of New Fountain, Medina
county, Texas, praying for tho abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on (he table.
He also presented the petitions of F. Bri-
gance, B.A.Bacon, M. Lceper, O. C. Binklcy,
W. Neale, John II. Wilson, Gustavus Greiss,
S. Bostick, W. W. Dunlap, andN. U. Hunter,
of Texas, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities; which were referred to llie
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a mcmorialof
Elias Ccmbs and others, soldiers of the war of
1812, praying that pensions be granted to the
surviving soldiers and to the widows of soldiers
of that war ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee ou Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Ozaukee, Wisconsin, asking that the duty on
tea and coffee be abolished, and the duty on
sugar and molasses greatly reduced; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of David
Cassy and others, of Wisconsin, praying the
enactment of a law for an increased and
" elastic" volume of currency to the extent of
$'300,000,000, and setting forth various reasons
why such enactmentshouldbemade; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented ten petitions of citizens of
various localities in the State of Wisconsin,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of George
C. Bestor, of Peoria, Illinois, praying compen-
sation for expenses incurred in the construc-
tion of an iron-clad steam battery in 1863;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OI' PAPERS.
Ou motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That Joel E.Parr have leave to withdraw
from tho files of tho Senate his petition and the
accompanying papers, asking compensation for cer-
tain property taken and destroyed by the military
authorities during the late war.
KEPOltTS O? COMMITTEES.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred resolutions of the
Legislature of West Virginia in favor of grant-
ing pensions to the widows and minor children
of men who volunteered or were ordered into
the service for the time being in lieu of those
who were killed or died in the service of the
United States .in the suppression of the rebel-
lion the same as those who were regularly
mustered into the service of the United States, 1
asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Sims, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili.
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II.
It. No. 891) for the relief of Charles E, Dole,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; which was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws of the United States,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1595)
to amend an act entitled "An act providing
for the taking of the seventh and subsequent
censuses of the United States, and to 'fix the
number of tho members of the House of Rep-
resentatives and to provide for their future
apportionment among the several States,"
approved May 23, 1850, reported it with an
amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
78-1) granting a pension to Jane Fairshaw;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
tho Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
7o5) to incorporate an Association for the Pre-
vention of Cruelty to Animals in the District
of Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present an amendment
to the Georgia bill, which I propose to offer
when that bill shall come up. I ask to have it
printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The proposed amend-
ment will be received informally and ordered
to be printed, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
post jioctk in main!'.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution : which waa considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Heads be instructed to inquno into the expe-
diency of establishing a post route in Maine, irom
Cooper's Mills, in Whitcfiokl, Maine, to Union, by
the way ol West Washington, V, ashington, North
Union, ,!iul ther.ee to Union.
OKDKJl Ol!' BUSINESS.
Mr. RICE. My colleague wishes to make
some remarks on Senate bill No, 833. and
with a view of giving lnm an opportunity of
making them this morning I ask unanimous
consent that that bill be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. 3jet us get through with
the morning business.
Mr. RICE. After it is taken up the morning
business can go on. I ask unanimous consent
that tho Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill with the view of giving my colleague
an opportunity of making some remarks, and
not with a view of pressing the bill to a vote
to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent. Is there objection V
Mr. DRAKE. Let us get through the morn
ing business.
Mr. RICE. Let this bill be taken up first.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to taking up the bill indi-
cated bv the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. RICE. Now my colleague is willing
to give wav for any morning business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The biil will
be read.
Mr. SUMNER. I understood we were to
proceed with the morning business first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is the
understanding. If there be no further bills
