1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5393
merit, as follows: in lieu of the words inserted by
said amendment, inbert the following words: "eight
thousand two: " and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twenty-seventh amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same with amend-
ments, as follows: in lieu of the words inserted by
said amendment insert the following words: "seven
thousand two hundred:" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twenty-eighth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to thesame with the following
amendment: strike out from the words inserted by
said amendment the word ''five," and in line three
of the bill strike out the word "hundred;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirtieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: in lieu of t.he words inserted by said
amendment insert the following words: "live thou-
sand four hundred and twenty;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-fourth amendment of
tho Senate, and agiee to the same with th« following
amendment: in lieu of the words inserted by said
amendment insert the folio wing words: " three thou-
sand nine;" and the Senate agree to thesame.
That the House recede lroru their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-first amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows: in line three of said amendment strike out
the words "8th day of May" and insert " 1st day of
July," and in line five strike out the word "June"
and insert" July;" and the Senate agree to thesame.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-fourth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: in lieu of the words inserted by said
amendment insert the following words: "seven hun-
dred and eighty;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House reecdo from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventy-fourth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: in line one of said amendment strike
out the word "female/' and that the Senate recede
from so much of the amendment as proposes to insert
the word " four;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Houserecede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventy-sixth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: in line two of said amendment
strike out the word "two," and in line three strike
out the word "one" and insert in lieu the word
" eight;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the one hundred and eighty-sixth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to said amendment.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to the one hundred and ninety-second amend-
ment of the Senate.
That the House rcccde from their disagreement to
the one hundred and ninety-eighth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: in line two of said amendment
strike out the word " seven" and insert in lieu the
word "four;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twohundred and fifth amendmentof the Senate,
and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment: in lieu of the word inserted in said amend-
ment inKert the word " fourand the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred andsixth amendment of the Senate,
and agree to thesame with the following amendment:
in lieu of the word inserted by said amendment
insert the word "six; " and the Senate agree to the
sa me.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and seventh amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendments: inlinetwoof said amendments strike
out the word "six" and insert the word "two," and
in the same line strike out the word "eight" and
insert the word " two; "and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the Houserecede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and thirteenth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendments: on page 41 of the bill, line twenty,
si iter the word "dollars "insert" additional to chief
cleik, £l>00 to continue while there is no Assistant
Secretary, and no longer " and the Senate agree to
the same,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho two hundred and seventeenth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendments: inlinethree ol said amendment strike
out the word "thirty " and insert in lieu the words
" twenty-seven," and in same line strike out the
word "three" and insert "six; " and the Senate
agree to the same,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and eighteenth amendment of the
Senate,and agree to the same with the following
amendments: in lieu of the words inserted by said
amendment insert the following words: "three
thousand live hundred;" and the Senate agree to
thesame. ,
That the House recede from their amendment to
the two hundred and twenty-eighth amendment ot
the Seriate, and agree to said amendment ot the
Senate, with the following amendment: stiike cut
nil of said amendment after the enacting clause and
insert in lieu thereof tiiefollowing: "that the heads
of the several Departments are hereby authorized to
41 ST CoX(t, '2d ShSo.—-No. L>aS.
appoint female clerks who may be found to be com-
petentand worthy to any of thegrados of clerkships
known to the law in the respective Departments,
with tho compensation belonging to tho class to
which they may be appointed; but the number of
first, second, third, and fourth-class clerks shall not
be increased by this sectionand tho Senate agreo
to the same.
That the Senate agree to the amendmentof the
House to the two hundred and thirty-first amend-
ment of the Senate, with the following amendment:
strike out of said House amendment tho words "at
the close of the present fiscal year," and insert "on
the 1st day of July, 1870."
That tho Senate agree to the amendment of tho
House to tho two hundred and fifty-first amendment
of the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the two hundred and fifty-third amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same, with the following
amendment: in line eleven of said amendmentstrike
out "one hundred" and insert in lieu the word
"fifty;" and the Senate agreo to the same.
L. M. MOillllLL,
JUSTIN S. MOR11ILL,
Manager* on the Dart ot the Senate.
HENRY L. DAWES,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as we cannot
tell anything about what these amendments
are by the numbers, 1 prefer that the time
should be spent by the chairman in explaining
generally what this report is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If Senators
desire to examine the report, it may be laid
on the table and printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We cannot do otherwise
than pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are three
or four important points.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to make an
inquiry of the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee as to two points only, and he can tell
me in a moment, and that is all the information
I want. I wish to know whether the confer-
ence committee recommend concurrence in the
amendment of the House to the thirty-sixth
amendment put upon the bill by the Senate,
being the proviso in regard to the effect of
pardon or amnesty in suits in the Court of
Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say in
reply to that inquiry that the House recede
and concur in the Senate amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. Then I would inquire in
regard to amendment No. 225, in relation to
judicial salaries. What is the recommendation
of the committee on that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state in
a general way that the House of Representa-
tives felt constrained to object to the increase
of salaries as a general proposition; and as a
general proposition the Senate have yielded.
There are some individual exceptions, but they
are trifling, and relate chiefly to officers of the
two branches of Congress. As a general propo-
sition the Senate recedes from its amendments
in regard to the question of salaries, and con-
curs with the House in that respect.
With regard to another proposition, which
excited a good deal of attention, the amend-
ment for the extension of the Capitol grounds,
and that for erecting a building for the State
Department, the Senate committee recom-
mend, in view of all the considerations, that
the Senate recede from those amendments,
and agree with the action of the House on
those matters.
It would be entirely out of the question, I
suppose, for the Senate to comprehend, without
a very careful examination of the entire bill,
what the effect of this report is in all respects;
and it would be utterly impracticable for me to
give the Senate any intelligible comprehension
of the various amendments in any reasonable
time. I may say, in a general way, that they
relate to the service of the country, extending
overall the branches of .the civil service, and
particularly in relation to the number of clerks
in the several Departments.
It will be seen that a portion of the amend-
ments of the Senate the Senate committee have
recommended that the Senate recede from. In
a very large number of cases it will be seen
that the House recede and concur with the
Senate, so that 011 the whole the Senate com-
mittee feel that as to the demands of the public
service, touching the civil service in the various
Departments of the Government here and in
the country at large, the Senate amendments
have been so far concurred in on the part of
the House as to insure the belief of an effi-
cient exercise of the functions of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator what action the committee took in
reference to the provision of the Senate putting
the salaries of female clerks on the same foot-
ing with male clerks?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It stands very
much as it was amended jn the House. The Sen-
ate recede, with an amendmentgiving authority
to the heads of Departments to make appoint-
ments of females to any of the clerkships,
including first-class clerkships. Before au-
thority seemed to have been delegated only as
to the higher classes. As the proposition now
stands, it is an authority on the part of any of
the heads of Departments to appoint into those
Departments and to any grades of clerkships
any females who may be found competent and
worthy.
Mr. HOWELL. I should like to inquire
what become of the north pole [laughter] in
that conference?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The two branches
compromised on the north pole, and the Sen-
ate has its proposition agreed to, with an
amendment proposed by the House putting the
sum at §50,000.
These are the principal matters of disagree-
ment between the branches.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask a ques-
tion of the Senator from Maine, though I do
not know but that the Senator from Oregon
asked the same question. I could not hear what
was going on. I wish to inquire in regard co
the amendment proposed by the Finance Com-
mittee increasing the pay of heads of bureaus.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I intended to
say, in a general way, in regard to the question
of salaries, including the heads of bureaus, that
the Senate recedes from its amendments and
concurs with the action of the House.
Mr. SPENCER. That leaves the salaries
as they are ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That leaves them
as they are.
Mr. WARNER. Then I understand that in
regard to the judges and heads of bureaus there
is no increase of salaries ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No increase
whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the report of the committee
of conference.
The report was concurred in.
J. ALDEN XiATIIBUN.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
tho bill (II. R. No. 1721) for the relief of .1.
Alden Rathbun, postmaster at Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut, have directed me to report it
back with an amendment, and recommend its
passage.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to put that bill on its passage now. I
believe there will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the payment to J.
Alden Rathbun, postmaster at Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut, of the sum of $375, the amount
of postal stamps deposited for safety in the
First National Bank of Mystic Bridge, and
stolen therefrom by burglars on the night of
July 28, 1867, without fault or negligence on
his part, and which he has accounted for to the
proper accounting officer of the Treasury.
Tho Committee on Post Offices anu Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment,
to strike out "$375" and insert "$5G5."
