1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Removal of Disabilities—Mr. DocJeery.
Ho. 03? Beps.
ordinance declaring the ordinance of secession
null and void was engrossed on parchment in
order that those who wished might affix their
signatures to it. A liberal and just system of
treatment of colored people in their new rela-
tions as citizens was recommended and acted
on by the next Legislature; and this is in strik:
ing contrast with the action of some other States
which prepared codes regulating labor, by
which the negro would have been remanded to
a worse bondage than that from which he had
escaped. Iier system of common-school edu-
cation was commenced on a liberal basis, and
is appropriated alike to both races; from which
wise expenditure of public money much good
will be realized at an early day.
In fact, North Carolina, acccepting the sit-
uation and the logical results of the war, frankly
and without hesitation had no equivocations
to make about her State rights or her peculiar
system of labor, but did freely and without
compulsion every act that was deemed requisite
to readmit her into that family of States from
which, by her compulsory act more than from
any free volition, she had been separated dur-
ing the rebellion. I am one of those, Mr.
Speaker, who believe that we cannot commit a
more fatal error at this time than to-act on the
assumption that the doctrine of secession is
still a living, active principle of action among
any respectable portion of the people of the
South. The lurid glare of ten thousand con-
flagrations and the deadly lightnings of a thou-
sand battle-fields have thrown a new and terri-
ble light upon those doctrines of •' State rights "
and "secession" about which our bar-room
orators used to discourse so flippantly and learn-
edly. He has a very poor idea of the people
of the South who believes they went into the
rebellion with their eyes open. The whole
movement was one stupendous fiaud.
With a view to "firing the southern heart"
a complete system of terrorism, espionage, and
censorship of the press was inaugurated. Every
telegraph station, every newspaper, every mail I
l,oute and post office, wa° in their hands. The '
pulpit even thundered forth its anathemas, and j
gave currency to the wildest dreams. "Never," |
to use the words of a southern writer, "were a i
whole people so bewitched, beguiled, and be- |
fooled as we were when we drifted (lovvn the I
mad current of secession." The boldestdared :
not defy public opinion, and the most saga-
cious could not contradict its most hopeful an- |
tieipations. Madness ruled the hour, as did j
the " demon of confusion" in the darkest hour j
of the French revolution. Amid the ringing j
of bells, the firing of cannon, and the solemn :
blasphemy of religious ceremonies in the city j
of Charleston, was the terrible strife beaun. I
Go now to the moss-grown streets, the black- i
ened chimneys, the falling wharves, the gaunt :
desolation of that unfortunate eitv, and reflect
whether it is possible that men iu any name
of mind would again provoke so terrible a :
retribution for any crime, however alluring
and fascinating it might appeal. No, sir; this i
terrible lesson speaks to many future genera t
tions. Its influence will never die so long as
this people shall endure.
Why, sir, whar. arc the facts? Upon what j
two points of more vital import than others j
did this gigantic rebellion rest ? The first most ,|
assuredly wus thiitof shivery. Slavery, however |l
unpalatable it may be at this, time to so express
it, was sanctioned by the Constitution, enforced !'
bv judicial decisions, and sustained bv public 1
sentiment. This right, as 'hey r< garded it, was j
to them sacred, and as such, an inestimable
privilege. l\>r its institution they were net
. w nonsibU'. Tney found it as their fat'iers
felt it. From education and observation they i
were taught, and honestly beheveu, that they :|
had the same right to invest their money in i
the purchase of a slave that the manufacturer il
had in the purchase of machinery, the agricul-
turist of land, or the merchant of goods. In
support of this proposition, I need only cite
the fugitive slave clause in the Constitution.
(Taney's Dred Scott decision.) In the exer-
cise of this right, as then understood, all the
available' means of the South were thus in-
vested, amounting to four millions of human
beings, enslaved bylaw, constituting the prop-
erty of the South, and representing her aggre-
gate wealth. By the legitimate results of the
war the South has lost her investment and the
colored man has gained his freedom. Slavery
no longer exists. Our State constitutions sanc-
tion its abolition, and invests the colored man
with all rights, political and civil, incident to
citizenship. In the radical change the South
acquiesces, and none now would reenslavehim.
His freedom is unquestioned; his liberties guar-
antied. Not a slave lives to-day upon Amer-
ican soil. In this we rejoice, as do you, Mr.
Speaker. The fifteenth amendment to the Fed-
eral Constitution, which my State was among
the first to ratify, is now a part of the organic
law of the land, which opportunely secures his
rights throughout our vast domain. Wherever
he goes, on the soil of whatever State he treads,
wherever that flag floats, "none dare molest
nor make him afraid," for that amendment
sustains and supports him as his "rod and
staff." Iti obedience to that mandate, let his
freedom bo insured and his rights respected.
Of course, Mr. Speaker, this mats of prop-
erty was surrendered reluctantly, for we aie
told " that where the treasure is there will the
heart be also," and none know its truthfulness
better than our northern friends, as is strikingly
exemplified by their daily acts. A right thus
acknowledged, and so extensively exercised as
to become indissolubly interwoven into the
political, civil, social, and religious structure
of the South, can only be abrogated by force
and annulled by violent convulsions. The
South, sir, has been subjugated, her cherished
institutions destroyed, her liberties restrained.
The revolution is with her complete. She now
accepts the situation and acquiesces in the logic
of events, and her own interests and feeling.-,
will never again prompt her to an effort for the
restoration of slavery. It is dead and bulled,
and no resurrection awaits it.
The doctrine of the right of secession under
the Constitution was with them, many of them
at least, a cardinal tenet honestly entei tamed
and religiously observed. Ueareu in the school
of States rights it was with tlietn the coiner-
stone of their political edifice.
This edifice, Mr. Speahei, fas been disman-
tled and its corner-stone destroyed. This
boasted doctrine of Slates rights is repudiated,
and v/cie it notso its practical exercise is ratlier
cosily foi other experiments. Secession as a
right is declared a heresy and its attempted
exercise made treasonable. The Constitution
of the United States, as ordained and e-,ta!>-
lished by the people of the (Tinted Slates, is
the supreme law of the hind, by which recog-
nition the Government is vitalized lor the sup-
pression of treason, the enforcement of the
laws, and the maintenance of the Union. This
doctiine, then, like slaverv, is a dead issue, and
can no longer be productive of mischief.
Thou, Mr. Speaker, these distracting ques-
tions, whichhaveso longsectionahzed oureoun- !
try, having all been settled in the interest of j
the Government, why continue to your own 1
injury your proscriptive system, disfranchising, i
disenuunaung, and odious? \Yherein wilt us I
If idcnoy begood? Wherein has political o.-lra \
ei-tn ever yet benefited a coautt;.!n m«r-
in religion. iu pon.ies. \onr paui! enuet- j
menls .-I'.'e ;uio must tie te'ne, ;t sub tug tn ex- ;
asperatmu, iUshncss, and discontent. " it is
the evidence of the ban, the opprobrium, the !
biaud, the note and mark of dishonor, the ap- I
parent partiality, the unworthy bias," that
constitute the grand and essential evils of this
system, superseding that reciprocal sentiment
of kindness and charity which the Christian
extends to all mankind, and substituting there-
for the fierceness of polemics, the embittered
statute, enmity, and distrust. But, sir, this
system has been abundantly tried, and cer-
tainly has not been productive of good in tran-
quihzing this unhappy country. Hence the
necessity of adopting some expedient to alle-
viate our evils.
Sir, you must take the South as it is, and
you must adapt your policy to the condition of
the people, and not to your own peculiar political
tenets. A statesman is unwi.se who, regard-
less of consequences, undertakes to mold pub-
lic sentiment by hasty action or forcible legis-
lation irrespective of the taste, inclination, or
habits of a people. Irritation, alienation, and
hatred only ensue. Radical changes are at best
unnatural- and burdensome. Changes affect-
ing the ordinary business relations of life oft-
times are prolific of evils; but when those
changes are so radical in their nature as to de-
stroy property, impoverish a country, invade
the social circle, uproot long-cherished ideas,
curtain the land wilii gloom, and inundate the
earth with waves of human gore, time, and
lime alone, can habituate the mind to the
change by gradual adaptation to the new order
of tilings, softening the rancor that necessarily
follows and extracting stings apparently fatal.
If this be so, sudden conversions on the part
of the southern people are not to be anticipated,
or must, be attended with distrust and suspi-
cion ; for no people in all history have ever been
so overwhelmed with disappointment or so
sadly mortified with their present straitened
circumstances.
Then, Mr. Speaker, since slavery, that "foul
blot",is no more; since that distracting ques-
tion of secession is buried and forever at rest;
since your proscriptive laws have been for five
long and gloomy years testing their efficiency ;
since the rights of the colored man are se-
cured, foro er fixed, I propose a recognition
of the claims of the whites of the South to
clemency and respect. While I have and "do
contend as strenuously for the lights of the
colored man as any member on this floor, yet
1 cannot and shall not ignore the claims of
my oivn race. While I gladly welcome the
enfranchisement of the one, 1 Cdnnot willingly
indorse the continued dirtfrunehiseuient of the
other. Their interests are closely interwoven.
Tne prosperity of the one hinges upon the
well beiti^ of tiro other. The agriculturist
of the South, in whose hands her material in-
terest, lests, is not nor cannot be antagonistic
to the interest of the freodmen, who offer the
labor necessary to the cultivation of his fields,
and both alike are interested in fair wages,
abundant, crops, and domestic peace. The
gain of the one is a benefit to the other. Their
interests aie mutual, and not antagonistic.
If this be so, Mr. Speaker, why not bestow
on each alike equal political privileges? Why
elevate the one and depress the other? Why
attempt by unfriendly legislation to produce
that alienation of feeling which must be iu its
results inimical to the well-beingof the colored
people? Concede to your southern brethiea
mi the r.g'.ts and privileges of American cit-
izens. You need not fear the result. Tile
late insurgent Slates ate helpless, with neither
army, nor navy, nor means, nor the will again
to hoist the fl of r djeheon. Iti the late at-
te mi*, to diMm-mlu r the Union they grievously
erieo. and :-■> •;< .md deetdv have they repented,
in ju L.i a it iv t iev -.u'Tendei'od, and hon-
es'iy do t".,y n ,eud to periorm their pait of
the r-tioutat'wi;]!:i.-h and intemperate ex-
pressions ino occasionally used, but are ill
themselves no evidences of disloyalty. Allow-
