1870.
T0E CONGBE3SIQNAL GLOBE.
3505
Virginia, to authorise the appointment of a
land commission to procure lauds for home"
steads for freedom.
By Mr. BENJAMIN; Tlie petition of Ro-
gers, Meyer & Co. and 73 other mercantile
lirms of San Francisco, California, against the
i'ur-seal monopoly in Alaska.
By Mr. BOOKER: The petition of W. W.
Yarbrough, of Prince Edward county, Vir-
ginia, praying for odmpeasation for horses and
other property taken by the Army during the
rebellion.
By Mr. BUCK: The petition for removal
of political disabilities of E. H. Goody, of
Monroe county, Alabama.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of State senators of Georgia, to have
the State restored to the Union and to civil
government.
Also, the petition of N. H.Wood, for increase
of elastic currency to the extentof $300,000,000.
Also, a petition of citizens of Salem, Massa-
chusetts, for a light at Race Rock.
Also, the petition of Joshua Carhart, of New
York, for payment of two $1,000 coupon bonds
lost or stolen.
Also, a petition of many citizens of New
York city, for a law to prevent farther absorb-
tion of public lands by corporations and mo-
nopolies.
By Mr. FERRISS : A petitioa of citizens of
the city of Albany, New York, praying such
legislation as will allow the masters of vessels
entering and leaving the United States by way
of Lake Champlain and the Richelieu river to
enter and clear their vessels and pay duties at
the port of Rouse's Point.
By Mr. FERRY: The memorial of B. B.
Crawford, Samuel Gill more, and 40 others, citi-
zens of Montcalm county, Michigan, praying
for the. reduction of the tariff on tea, coffee,
sugar, and molasses.
By Mr. HALE : The petitioa of Partmon
Houghton and others, for the improvement of
the channel of Long Island sound. '
By Mn JONES, of Kentucky: The petition
of William A. Mconey, of South C&tolina, for
removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Henry Mar-
shal, a citizen of Forsyth county, North Car-
olina, foe removal of disabilities.
By Mr. MORPHI8: A petition of sundry
citizens oif Mississippi, Asking for improvement
of navigation of Tcxmbigbee river, in Missis-
sippi. , ■ ;
Also, propositions for a post font# ftbth
Shannon Station to Foltoia; also, from Bald-
wyn to Pleaaanton; also, from Abbeville to
Pontotoc, Mississippi.
By Mr. MUNGrEN: The petition of Francis
T. Willis, of Richmond, Virginia, relative to
a grant of lands heretofore made to the Ala-
bama and Tennessee River railroad.
Also, the petition of N. H. Wood, &f Port-
age city, Wisconsin, asking for the issue of
$300,000,000 additional currency, and for
changes in the financial system. .
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of N.
H. Wood, praying for an increase of the vol-
ume of the currency. * . '
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of Jona-
than Brock, praying for relief to refund moneys
expended in recruiting the nineteenth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteer cavalry. Also affida-
vits in the matter of the petition of John Kelly
for the reissue of certain five-tjmity bonds.
By Mr. RANDALL: A .petition from sol-
diers enlisted in tho OtdbauCe corps of the Army
who served during the lftte rebellion, asking &
bounty the fame as received by other enlisted
men in other arms of the Service.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Jesse T.
Thompson, George B. Metsler, and 50 others,
disabled soldiers, inmates of National Asylum
at Dayton, Ohio, asking transportation, arms,
blankets, and rations, to enable them to remove
and settle in Oregon* under the auspices of the
Oregon Colony, No. 1.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 220.
IN 8ENATE.
Tuesday, May 17, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. Dh Hajimon, of Baltimore.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
llOtJSJS BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2044), declaring the
bridge between Philadelphia and Camden a
post route was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
EXKOTrrVH COMMUNICATION. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a letter from the Treasurer of the United
States, transmitting the accounts current for
11 the service of the Post" Office Department for
! the fiscal yearS 1867 and 1868. As they are
1 very bulky the Chair will not suggest their
! ptinting, bat will have them referred to the
Committee on Printing, if no other motion be
made. That disposition will be made.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. REVELS presented the petitions of
William Gaunt, of Natchez, Mississippi, and of
J. J. Durham, of Kosciusko, Mississippi pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented' a petition of
D. B. Martin and others, citizens of Shreve-
port, Louisiana, praying that that city be mad&
a port of entry; which wai referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petitions of N. B.
Charlton and George W. VanVleck, ofWoodi
villfe, Tyler county, Texas; of Nat Mi Bur-
ford and Janjes G. Stevens, of Dallas, Texas;
of William Lewis, ofFayetteeounty, Texas, and
of William H. Thomas, of Texas. praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.,.
Mr. SHERMAJt presented two- memorials
of citizens of Ohio, remohsttating against the
extension of John Young's patent for washing
and wringing machines; Which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. COLE presented the memorial of Lewis
St. Oris, a citizen of the United States, and
now residing at Compton, Los Angeles, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee qel Pensions.
Mr. COLE. I&lao present a petition of a
large number of very influential citizens of
San Francisco, asking that the naval con-
structors' department in the Navy hive a
proper positive rank, not below that of any
other class Of staff officers in the Navy, ana
that they shall not be subordinate to any navy-
yard official other than the commandant
thereof. I move its. reference to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. 7
The motioh was agreed td. ■' ": •
Mr. J03NST0N presented the petitions df
J. B. M. Osborne, q£ Chatlritte, county, Vir-
ginia; of Alexander G.Thompsoa, of Washing-
ton county, Virginia; of W. ColePowell, of
Dinwiddie county, Virginia, and of ThomaS P.
TJmburger, of Virginia-, prskying the removal of
their political disabilities; whichwete referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petitions of J.
B. Kinc&id, of Morgan tdwn,Nortih Carolina;
bf James W. Councill, B. Councill, Joseph B.
Todd,, Henry Taylor, Elijah Dougherty, £nd
Jonathan Horton, of Watauga, North Carolina,
and of R. W. Logan, of Esthdtfjfd codhty,
North Carolina, praying thfe removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of John An-
derson jof liutherford county, NorthCarolina,
in behalf of Christopher Happold, of Bnrke
county, North Carolina, praying the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT. I also present the petition
of Miss A. E. Henderson, of Lincoln county,
North Carolina, praying for the removal of her
political disabilities. She has been appointed
postmaster, but having participated in the late
rebellion cannot take the test-oath. I move
its reference to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying for an amendment of the
Constitution of the United States so as to rec-
ognize the existence of Almighty God; -which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of John But-
ler Thompson, praying for remuneration for
money expended by him in the Indian service;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Iowa, remonstrating against the extension of
the patent of John Young for clothes wringing
and washing machines; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CAMERON. I present a number of
petitions from laboring men, mechanics, and
manufacturers of Pennsylvania, who pray that
all taxes on the labor or products of the coun-
try be repealed. I agree with these petition-
ersthatthe time has come when the taxes ren-
dered necessary by the war should cease to be
a burden upon the people who so freely gave
their money tod risked their lives to save the
country when it was in peril. There is no
reason now, when our bonds are at par, when
our credit is higher than that of any other Gov-
ernment in the world, and when we are paying
our debt at the rate of nearly a hundred mil-
lions a year, that the products and the labor of
the people should be taxed. In my opinion
we can now raise from luxuries, such as spirits,
tobacco, stamps, and a few other trifling arti-
cles# not exceeding six or eight in all, a suffi-
cient sum to pay the interest on our whole debt,
leaving to the tariff the support of the neces-
sary expenses of the Government. 1 move the
reference of the petitions to the Committee on
•Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition of
Ethan A. Sawyers, of Tennessee, praying com-
pensation for services rendered to the United
States Army tearing the late rebellion; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
nfcpor.ts of committees.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Leann Cox, praying to be allowed a pension,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
.No. 923).granting a pension to Leann Cox.
,, The bilT was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.- .
Mr. TIPTON also, from the Committee on
Peqsious, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1407), granting a pension to Mrs. Eliza
Webb, widow of Daniel S. Webb, late a pri-
vate in company G, eighth regiment Tennessee
cavalry, repprted it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a resolution
of the Senate instructing them to inquire
whether Henry Mahler, a citizen of Prussia,
has any claims against the proprietors or man-
agers of the French cable, so called, which
should be regarded or protected by the Con-
gress of the United Stains, have had the same
under consideration* and also a petition of
Henry Mahler, in which(.he sets forth certain
obligations which he says the French cable is
under to him for services, and asks the Con-
gress of the United States to exercisers power
over the French cable to secure his rights.
The committee have directed me to report the
resolution and accompanying petition back to
