3506
THE1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
the Senate, with the recommendation that they
be indefinitely postponed. The committee do
not find that Congress can interfere in the
matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent, they will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SUMMER. The same committee, to
whom was retired the petition of Mahlon Loo-
mis, praying for an appropriation of $50,000 ,
to enable him to demonstrate his discovery in 1
the way of telegraphs, by which he is to super- i
sede all mechanical appliances in working tel-
egraphs, have had the same under consider-
ation, and have directed me to report it back j
with the recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed. |
The report was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Commit- j
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred [
the petition of Antoinette Darling, praying i
compensation for damages sustained in conse- •
quence of Indian depredations in Minnesota, !
asked to be discharged from its further conBid- :
eration, and that it be referred to the Commit- j
tee on Claims; which was agreed to. j
He also, from the same committee, to whom ;
was referred the petition of A. M. Gangewer, ,
chief clerk Third Auditor's office, praying to
be allowed the difference of pay between that
of chief clerk and Third Auditor from Decem-
ber 9,1869, to April 20,1870, being the time he
performed the duties of Third Auditor, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Finance; which was agreed to. I
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on ;
Appropriations, to whom was referred a me- j
morial of officers of the National Association !
for the Relief of Destitute Colored Women and
Children, praying for an appropriation of
$10,000 for the benefit of that institution,
asked to be discharged from its further con- !
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com- j
mittee on the District of Columbia; which was
agfteed to.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 647) to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from Marshall,
Texas, to San Diego, California, with branches
and connections, have had the same under
consideration, and have directed me to report
it back to the Sfenate with an amendment, in
the nature of a substitute for the entire bill,
which I now send to the Chair. I will remark
that this bill authorizes the construction of a
railroad from Marshall, in Texas, to Trinity
river; thence to El Paso, on the Kio Grande:
thence through the Territories of the United
States across the Colorado-river to San Diego,
on the Pacific. In the Territories it grants to
the company twenty alternate sections of land
on each side of the line, and ten such alter-
nate sections in any State through which the
road may pass. Of course in the State of
Texas, which comprises a very large portion
of the line, inasmuch as the United States own
no public lands within the limits of that State,
the bill grants no lands to the company^ there.
The bill also authorizes a connection with this
line of a railroad from New Orleans, and
another from a point in Arkansas.
Mr. POMEROY. Little Rock?
Mr. HOWARD. No; Fulton, and also
from Yicksburg. I will say further that this
amendment has received the sanction and
unanimous vote of the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad. I ask that it may be placed
on the Calendar and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT* The bill will be
placed on the Calendar and printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 113) to encourage, facilitate,
and establish international communication,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; which was
agreed to.
ORDBR Of BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to proceed to the consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 241.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is not concluded, but the Senator
from Missouri asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the bill indicated by him.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object to the
Senator's bill; but I desire to offer a resolu-
tion at the proper time.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to introduce a reso-
lution also. 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the !
nature of an objection at present
Mr. HAMLIN. No, I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill proposed to be taken up will be read.
The Secretary. A bill (S. No. 241) to
relinquish the interest of the United States in
certain lands to^the city and county of San
Francisco.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion before that bill is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
billsintroduced.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
922) granting a pension to Jacob B. Cuyle;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 924) making a grant of lands to the North
Louisiana and Texas Railroad Company to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Vicks-
burg, Mississippi, to the Texas State line; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtainedj leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
925)'to authorize courts to obtain evidence from
the Departments and officers of the United
States Government; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
district business.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the last Friday and Saturday of this
month be assigned exclusively to the consideration
of bills and matters relating to the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know that the
Senator intended to offer that resolution. I
have prepared one which embraces that busi-
ness and something more, and I should like to
have it read. Perhaps the Senator will prefer
my resolution to his.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine has offered a resolution and asks for its
Sresent consideration. The Chair will with-
old it until the resolution of the Senator from
Kansas shall be reported.
The Secretary read Mr. Pomeroy's resolu-
tion, as follows:
Resolved, That from and after the 20th day of this
month, and until the c) ose of the present session, there
shall be, unless the Senate otherwise direct, three
evening sessions upon alternate evenings of each
week, at which sessions the Calendar of general
ordeve shall be proceeded with in the order of their
places upon the Calendar, and on Friday of each
week the Calendar shall be proceeded with by con-
sidering only bills and joint resolutions to which no
objection is made, and such ohjection, if made, shall
have the effect to pass the bill or resolution over, and
shall be without debate.
Mr. POMEROY. My object 
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
cannot be considered on this day if it is ob-
jected to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think
the resolution had better be postponed until
we determine the question of adjournment.
- Mr. POMEROY. I put it at the 20th of
this month, becanse the 20th is the day on
which we are to vote on the resolution fixing
the day of adjournment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I presume
that we shall vote upon that question on Fri-
day next.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know that I sba]I
have any objection to that resolution when it
comes up ; but I shall ask the Senate to give
me two days for the consideration of important
bills that are upon our Calendar relating to
this District. That is a very limited period
of time, and I cannot doubt that the Senate
will give me that very brief period. Let the
resolution go on the Calendar. I do not ask
> for its consideration now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These two reso-
] lutions will be placed on the Calendar of reso-
i lutions, and will come up to-morrow after the
! morning business. >
evening session to-morrow.
Mr. CRAGIN. I rise for the purpose of
offering a resolution ; but I should like to
make a brief statement before doing so. The
Committee on Territories have reported a bill
! to the Senate to provide for the execution of
j the laws in the Territory of Utah. The House
, has passed a bill on that subject, and Ihe Sen-
ate committee has reported it with amend-
ments ; but it is so far down on the Calendar
that I have no hope of reaching it at present;
and not being willing to interrupt the prior
I orders of business, I wish to ask the Senate
to give me some opportunity to submit some
' remarks on that subject; and as I may be
absent before the bill is reached, I have pre-
pared a resolution asking that to-morrow after-
noon at five o'clock the Senate take a recess
until eight o'clock for the purpose of consider-
ing that bill. I will state that my object is in
order to submit some remarks on that subject,
I which will occupy perhaps two hours, and
then I shall not object to the regular order
coming up again. It is not to take any rote.
: The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire offers a resolution, and
' asks for its present consideration. The Secre-
tary will read the resolution.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved, That on Wednesday next the Senate take
a recess from five o'clock to eight o'clock p. m. for
the purpose of considering the bill of the House No.
1089, in aid of the execution of the laws in the Ter-
ritory of Utah, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
the resolution, provided it is understood now
that no other business is to be taken up at that
time, and that the bill is to be no further con-
sidered than is necessary to enable the Senator
to make his speech. With that understanding
I have no objection.
Mr. CRAGIN. That is the understanding.
Mr. COLE. I understand that the Senator
from New Hampshire consents to amend his
resolution so as to make the evening session at
half past seven o'clock. That will give us an
additional half hour.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have no objection to that
if that is the pleasure of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon suggests that no other business be
transacted, and that no vote be taken on the
bill. Is there objection to the proposition?
The Chair hears none, and an evening session
for to-morrow evening, for the purpose stated,
is therefore ordered.
point san jose reservation.
Mr. SCHURZ. I now ask that Senate bill
No. 241 be taken up. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the Senator from
Missouri now asks unanimous consent that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
indicated by him.
Therte being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 241) to relinquish
the interest of the United States in certain
lands to the citv and county of San Francisco.
The VICE "PRESIDENT. The pending
