4450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15, v
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, are hereby
authorized and required, without any fee therefor,
to* take and certify the affidavits of all pensioners
and their witnesses who may personally appear be-
fore them for that purpose, in which case the check
for the pension, when due and payable, shall be given
direct to the hand of the party entitled thereto, if
desired, and not mailed to his or her address, as re-
quired by the second section of this act; and any
person who shall falsely and corruptly take and sub-
scribe any such affidavit before any agent or his des-
ignated elerk for the payment of pensions shall be
deemed guilty of perjury, and, on conviction, be pun-
ished by imprisonment not exceeding five years and
by fine not exceeding $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tions seven and eight, in the following words:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That section six
of an act relating to pensions, approved July 27,
1868, be, a"nd is_ hereby, repealed, and the following
shall stand in lieu thereof: That all pensions which
have been granted in consequence of death occurring
or disease contracted or wounds received in the mili-
tary or naval servicc of the United States since the
4th day of March, 1861. or may hereafter be granted,
shall commence from the discharge or from the death
of the person on whose account the pension has been
or shall hereafter be granted: Provided, That the
application for such pension has been or shall hero-
after be filed with the Commissioner of Pensions
within ten years after the right thereto shall havo
accrued; except that applications by or in behalf of
insane persons and children under sixteen years of
age may be filed after the expiration of the said ten
years, if previously thereto they were without guard-
ians or other proper legal representatives.
Sf.C. 8. Andbe it further enacted, That section nine
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to an act
entitled 'An act to grant pensions,' approved July
14,1862," approved July 4,1861, be amended and re-
enacted so as to read as follows: That those persons,
not enlisted soldiers in the Army, who volunteered
for the time being to serve with any regularly organ-
ized military or naval force of the United States, or
where persons otherwise volunteered and rendered
service in any engagement with rebels or Indians
since the 4th day ol March, 1861, shall, if they have
been disabled in consequence of wounds received in
battle, or who were captured in sueh temporary ser-
vice, and disabled from disease contracted in rebel
prisons, be entitled to the same benefits of the pen-
sion laws as those who have been regularly mustered
into the United States service; and the widows or
other dependants of-any sueh persons as may have
been killed in the temporary service aforesaid, or
who were captured in such temporary service and
died in rebel prisons, shall be entitled to pensions in
the same manner as they would havo been had such
persons been regularly mustered: Pmotded, Thatno
claim under this section shall be valid unless pre-
sented and prosecuted to a successful issue within
five years from the passage of this act, under sueh
rales and regulations as the Secretary of the Interior
shall prescribe to guard against fraud.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the committee who reported
this bill: first, in regard to section four.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, as we were on the point of striking out
sections seven and eight, 1 will state the reason
why we propose to do that, and then we can go
back to the section in relation to which the
Senator desires to make an inquiry.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
taking any course that may be most agreeable
to the chairman, only I wish to reserve my
right to say something on section four.
Mr. EDMUNDS. These two sections that
we propose to strike out, in substance and effect
are just like the present law, except that one
section extends the present law, which has been
carried as far as possible in aid of people who
were in actual battles, although they were never
mustered in or enlisted, to that class of people
who may claim to have been taken prisoners
instead of having been killed or wounded in
battle. We have thought it altogether unsafe
to go so far as that, and we propose to leave
cases of that kind to the special consideration
of Congress.
The other section is just like the old law,
except that it extends the time for the appli-
cation for pensions from five to ten years,
giving arrears. Anybody can have a pension
now for any length of time ; but if he does not
file his claim within five years he only gets it
from the date he does file it. Now, in order
to prevent gross frauds in getting large sums
in arrearages, we do not think it right to extend
this period from five to ten years. The great-
est frauds are committed in that class of cases.
If one can get through a fraudulent claim where
there are ten years' arrearages he does not
care whether it is discovered the next day or
not; he can run away with the money. But
when a hard case happens, where a person
without his own fault has been prevented from
filing his claim, we are in the habit every day
of interfering by special bill and providing for
those cases. That is the reason why we think
it ought to come out.
Mr. MORTON. You propose to strike out
sections seven and eight?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I have nothing to say
on those sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Pensions wasatthe end of section [nine] seven,
to add the words "bounty lands and money
bounties so that the section will read :
Sec. [9] 7. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of sections twelve and thirteen of an act en-
titled "An act supplemental to an act entitled'An
act to grant pensions,' approved July 14,1362," ap-
proved July 4,1864, shall be, and the same arc hereby,
declared applicable to all the various acts relating
to pensions, and bounty lands and money bounties.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICiS PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Pensions
have now been disposed of.
Mr. THURMAN. Now I wish to call the
attention of the chairman who reported this
bill to section four. Section four, as amended,
reads as follows:
That, in addition to tlie commission on payments
now allowed by law, each pension agent shall be
allowed, as full compensation lor all services, includ-
ing postage, required by theprovisionsof this act, the
sum of forty cents, and no more, for each voucher
prepared and_ paid by him, which amount shall be
paid by the United States. And any pension agent
or other person employed or appointed by him who
shall take or receivc or demand nny fee or reward
from any pensioner for any service in connection
with the payment of his or her pension, shall beheld
guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a
line not exceeding $500.
This appears to be an additional compensa-
tion of forty cents for each voucher. It is an
addition to the commissions or payments now
allowed by law. I have made no examination
of this matter myself, but a gentleman who pro-
fesses to be well informed on this subject has
called my attention to it and asked me to call
the attention of the Senator to it. Accord-
ing to his estimate this is giving a very large
compensation indeed to these pension agents,
making the offices of some of them quite lucra-
tive ; and the sum proposed, even thirty cents
as he had it, for he had the original bill, is far
more than is necessary to compensate them
for th eir services; for these vouchers are nearly
all printed vouchers of the office, as he stated
to me, furnished by the Department to the
agents without the least expense in the world
to the agents, and the agents have very little
indeed to do more than to take the signature
of the man, or to take his oath and fill up the
blanks. That is the way it is represented to
me, and it is for the purpose of calling the at-
tention of the Senator and asking some explan-
ation of it, that I make this statement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad that the
Senatorfrom Ohio has called attention to this
matter, because it is very easy of explanation
as we understand it. By the present law the
pension agents get a commission o-n their pay-
ments just as this bill provides—that is, we do
not change the law at ail—of two per cent,
provided that that commission in no case shall
exceed $4,000 a year ; so that the pension
agent in the city of New York, who has to give
$200,000 bonds and has to disburse a million
of money, can only receive for the responsibility
and danger of that process $1,000—a smaller
compensation than any other officer under the
Government gets for an equal amount of dis-
bursements and responsibility. Then, by the
existing law, each of these pension ageuts is
authorized explicitly to charge and receive from
the pensioner the sum of twenty-five cents for
each voucher that he prepares for him, and to
charge according to tho regulations of the State
laws for each oath that he administers in veri-
fying the vouchers, which varies; so that it
makes the fee of a pension agent, which he is
lawfully and justly entitled to receive, vary now
from forty cents, which is the lowest, where he
administers one oath and where the State law
allows fifteen cents, to sixty-five, seventy-five,
and even eighty cents, in some cases, depending
somewhat on State laws for the same or analo-
gous service. So that by the present law the
pension agents receive their two per cent, com-
mission limited to $4,000 nnder that class and
whatever their fees amount to, coming from
the pensioner, upon the rate and scale that I
have described.
Now, we propose to correct that, and instead
of having a rule that is not uniform as to the
lees of pension agents, to make it absolutely
uniform, so as not to have the administering of
two oaths cost any more than one; and to leave
the fee of the pension agent uniform at forty
cents, he paying his own postage for each of
these vouchers, including the oath and every-
thing. Now, the pension agent is obliged, of
course, to make out these vouchers four times
a year, and to make these payments four times
a year under this principle, and he is obliged,
therefore, to pay the postage four times a year
upon each of these instances, and to pay the
postage also when he sends the voucher back,
as well as when he sends the check when it is
returned properly certified.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question right there ?
Mr. EDMONDS. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The pension agent has
forty cents for each voucher?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. How many vouchors aro
involved in the payment of a pension?
Mr. EDMUNDS. One single voucher for
one payment under the law, as it will be when
this bill passes, cutting off the extraneous affi-
davits. So that the pension agentgets for each
time of payment a fee of forty cents for doing
the_ service, after paying his postage out of it,
which leaves him for each case thirty-four
cents, if the postage is only the single rate.
He has to pay postage when he sends the
voucher, and then he has to pay postage when
he sends the check for the money. Where it
is a double rate, as once in six months it is,
where there is a particular examination, it is
a little more.
Now, then, what is he to do for this forty
cents, which the correspondent of my friend
from Ohio complains of as making the fees so
enormous ? He has to prepare in writing,
although on a printed blank, the date, the name
of the pensioner, the name of the witness, the '
filling of the jurat, and the statement of the
sum he is entitled to—a triplicate voucher.
He has to prepare one which he sends to the
pensioner. He has to prepare another which
lie forwards to the Secretary of the Interior or
to the Pension Office. He has to prepare, for
the regular administration of the business of '
his own office and for his own protection, an-
other, which he keeps recorded in a book. So
that, as a matter of practice and duty, he is
obliged to make out three sets of papers, which
are merely represented in one single voucher
that he is paid for, and then he has of course
to send them, and write the correspondence,
and all that.
Several of the gentlemen who are charged
with these duties were before us, and others
communicated with us in writing, and we also
conferred with the Commissioner,and the result
of all their statements is, to our minds, very
i satisfactory indeed that this fee, which we pro
pose to give them, of forty cents instead of
thirty cents, will result in their receiving a much
less compensation at the end of the year for
all their services than they receive now, and a
compensation so low that there will be consid-
erable difficulty in persuading first-class men,
such as the general run of pension agents are
now, to accept tho office for the small sum
there will be left.
