5394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Mr. CORBETT. Is there any report in that
case?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to object
to this bill; far from it. I wish, however, to
call attention to the fact that there is another
bill like this, in a case as strong as this can be,
which arose in my immediate neighborhood,
and every time that bill has been reached in
the earlier hours of the session, when there was
more time to consider it, objection has been
made to it. But I repeat that I shall not object
to this bill, because if the merits are as the bill
implies it should be passed, I think. 1 only
call attention to the fact that a precisely sim-
ilar bill has heretofore been impeded by objec-
tions.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the reading of
the report.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a report made by
the committee of the House of Representatives,
which is among the papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is not
objected to, the report of the House commit-
tee will be read.
The Chief Cleric read the report, as follows:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred
tho bill for tho relief of J. Alden ltathbun, post-
master at Mystic Bridge, Connecticut, make tho fol-
lowing report:
It appears from sufficient evidence that the claim-
ant deposited postage stamps to tho amount of $375
for safety in the First National Bank of Mystic, Con-
necticut; that the stamps were deposited in the fire-
proof vault of the bank, and on the night of July 29,
1867, the bank was entered by burglars, the snfo
blown open by gunpowder, a,nd tho deposits, includ-
ing said stamps, were stolen and carried away, and
never thereafter recovered.
It appears that the bank was tho securest placc of
deposit at tho command of the officer, and that ho
was guilty of neith or fault nor negligence in the ulti-
mate loss of the stamps. Recognising tho principle
that an ollicer who docs his whole duty and uses
every precaution within his power for the preserva-
tion of public money and property ought to he re-
lieved Irom loss by accident in the nature of fire or
burglary, the committee recommend relief in this
instance; and for that purpose report back the bill
and ask its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT OF BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to take up the
bill granting a pension to Mrs. Lincoln.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports are still
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a report to make.
1*1 r. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow me to get up Mrs. Lincoln's bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports have
prioiity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us get through with
the reports first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1021) in amendment of the act entitled
"An act establishing a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. It is a very
short bill, and can be passed in one moment.
It will take but a moment to dispose of it, and
we might as vveil do so while it is now be-
fore us.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that the provisions of the
second clause of the thirty-third section of the
act referred to, as amended by the first section
cfan act in amendment thereof, approved July
27, 1SG8, s,hall not apply to those debts from
which the bankrupt seeks a discharge which
were contracted piior to the 1st of January,
ISO!), it also proposes to amend the clause
in the thirty-ninth section of (lie act which now
reads, " or who, being a banker, merchant, or
trader, has fraudulently stopped or suspended
and not resumed payment of his commercial
paper within a period of fourteen days;" so
as to read " or who, being a banker, broker,
merchant, trader, manufacturer, or miner, has
fraudulently stopped payment, or who has
stopped or suspended and not resumed pay-
ment of his commercial paper within a period
of fourteen days."
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
honorable chairman of the committee a ques-
tion. The provision throwing men into bank-
ruptcy, under what is termed the "involuntary
clause" of our bankrupt law, has caused much
hardship under this very section of the act.
There is a question as to what is meant by the
suspension of payment for a period of two
weeks. A man may suspend payment most
innocently ; he may do it intentionally, and
yet with perfect honesty. I only wish to know
of the honorable chairman whether ho has
given such a legislative expression to this act
as shall place it beyond all doubt that a man
who is unable to pay his debts, by reason of
absolute misfortune, in the absence of inten-
tional fraud, shall not be made subject to being
involuntarily declared a bankrupt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill does not inter-
fere with that question at all. It merely in-
cludes "mi^rs, manufacturers, and traders"
who were not in the other act. It leaves that
matter just as the law now is, and is no inter-
ference with it.
Mr. BAYARD. I am rather sorry that it
does not prescribe affirmatively what shall be
done.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
OltDElt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 1950.
Mr. STEWART. I have a resolution which
I should like to have action upon.
Mr. SUMNER. I have yielded to every-
body, and I hope I shall be allowed to call up
this bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has not concluded ; but the Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
to take up the bill granting a pension to Mrs.
Lincoln. Is there objection ?
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection. Reports from com-
mittees are still in order.
CHARLES B. WILKINSON.
Mr. WARNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 351) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to examine and
adjust the accounts of the late collector of the
third and sixth collection districts of Missouri,
to report it back with an amendment, and with
a recommendation that it pass; and at the
request of the entire delegation from Missouri
I ask that it be acted upon now. I will state
in a word the effect of it. It simply grants to
the Secretary of the Treasury authority to pay
back money to a collector provided he shall
proveto the satisfaction of the Departmentthat
he has paid in more money than he ought to
have done.
By uuanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The Committee on Finance reported the joint
resolution with an amendment, to insert in line
eleven, after the word " collector," the words
"and that he so performed his duties and kept
his accounts as to be able to establish his right
to demand any sum of money from the United
States;" so that the resolution will read :
That the Scerctary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause the accounts
of Charles I . "Wilkinson, Jate collector of internal
levenuo in the thiid andBixth collection districts of
tho State of Missouri, to be thoroughly examined
and adjusted, and if, on such examination, it shall
be satisfactorily proven that said Wilkinson paid
into the Treasury a larger amount of money than
was collected by him from such revenues, and that
he is not otherwise in default or liable to the United
States as such collector, and that he so performed
his duties and kept his accounts as to be able to
establish his right to demand any sum of money from
the United States, to cause the excess of such pay-
ment to be refunded and paid to said Wilkinson m
the same manner as taxes erroneously assessed and
collected are refunded and paid back.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2165) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,1871, and for other
purposes, have instructed me to report it back
with sundry amendments, and I wish to say
that on Monday I hope to get the attention of
the Senate to this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 2165) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. NYE, Mr. ROSS, Mr. HARLAN, and
Mr. CONKLING submitted amendments in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
2165) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1050) for the relief of the third Arkansas cav-
alry ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, andbynnanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 246) granting the right of way
to the Pensacolaand Barrancas Railroad Com-
pany through the naval and military reserva-
tions near Pensacola; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
COOLIE TRADE,
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following res-
olution, aud ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause the provisions of the act of
February 19, 1862, to prohibit the coolie trade, to be
strictly enforced, and for that purpose that he in-
struct tho proper civil officers of the United States
to prosecute, lor all violations of the provisions of
said act, and that he also instruct tho Secretary of
the .Navy to cause an investigation to behad as pro-
vided m said act, for the purpose of ascertaining if
Chinese coolies are being transported to the United
btates without any authority of law.
TkeVICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of the resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objectioti to
the consideration of the resolution ; but I sug-
gest to the Senator from Nevada whether that
is exactly a respectful resolution to the Presi-
dent.
Mr. STEWART. It is simply requesting the
President.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. Requesting the President
to enforce a law ! It is his duty to see that all
laws are enforced.
Mr. SlEWARl1. But I want to call his
special attention to this law.
_ Mr. I RUMBULL. It carries the implica-
tion that the President of the United States
does not do his duty by requesting him to
