1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5395
enforce a provision of a law. I would not do
that. That is all I have to say.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion V
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object to its
present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not objected
to apparently, and the question is on agreeing
to the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be reported again.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. That resolution is all wrong.
If we undertake to instruct the President in
the discharge of his executive duties, I think
it might beget from him a message instructing
us as to the performance of our legislative duty.
Mr. HOWK. Let it lie over.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Wisconsin objects, and the resolution will lie
over.
Air. STEWART subsequently modified his
resolution, and it was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to in the modified shape,
as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate if Chinese coolies
are being importer! into the United States iu viola-
tion of the act, of February 19,1862.
HOUR Of MEETING.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 151)0.
Mr. DRAKE. I rise to a matter of morn-
ing business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Missouri rises to morning business.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to call up for action
the order which I offered a week ago on the
subject of the hour of meeting of the Senate.
["No!" "No!"] Unquestionably we need
during the next week, for the four days we
shall be here, an additional hour to the session ;
and I ask for the action of the Senate on that
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the resolution offered by him
in regard to the hour of meeting.
Mr. SUMNER. Have I not the floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is morning
business, which has laid over under the rule.
Mr. BAYARD. Will not the resolution that
I offered in relation to the night meetings of
the Senate have precedence of that, or can it
be considered in conjunction with it ? There
is a resolution on the Calendar offered by me
dispensingwith further night sessions. Surely,
if we are to come here at ten o'clock iu the
morning, there can be no necessity, and I may
say no propriety, in coming here also at night.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask that the matter be
taken up, and let the Senate decide it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions, like
bills, on the Calendar are subject to a motion
that the Senate proceed to their consideration,
and the Senator from Missouri has obtained
the floor and moves to proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
mary lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1950, granting a pension to Mary Lincoln.
Mr. CONKLINOr. Pending that motion,
may I inquire of the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] what has become of the
Army appropriation bill ?
Mr. WILSON. The Army appropriation bill
comes up at twelve o'clock.
M r. S U M N E11. I was goi ng to ask th at that
might bo laid aside informally, long enough to
dispose of this bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that the amend-
ment to the Army bill which was ordered to be
printed has not been returned from the printer,
and I am willing that the bill shall go over
informally, subject to be called up when that
amendment shall be received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired. The Army appropriation
bill was to be considered the unfinished busi-
ness at twelve o'clock to-day if the Senator
from Massachusetts desired it; but he states
he does not. The bill upon which the Senate
adjourned last night is therefore the unfinished
business, being the bill (S. No. 973) to pro-
hibit contracts for servile labor.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that bill and
ail other orders be postponed in order to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1950.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will bedone.
Mr. SUMNER. It will not take long.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheChair will
state the question to the Senate. The bill to
prohibit contracts for servile labor being before
the Senate as unfinished business, the Senator
from Massachusetts moves to postpone the
present and all other orders for the purpose
of considering the bill granting a pension to
Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will be done.
That bill has been called to the attention of
the Senate several times. Let us finish it now.
Mr. 'TIPTON. Is the motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The merits of
the bill cannot be debated on the motion to
take up, under the eleventh rule.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire simply to say, with-
out reference to the merits of the bill, that the
Pension Committee are very far back willi
their pension bills ; that there is an applicant
daily at the doors of the Senate without limbs,
having lost both his feet to his knees, asking
us to grant him a pension ; and until we can
reach these very meritorious and suffering
cases, being a member of the Pension Com-
mittee, and there being a unanimous report
against this bill, I trust that we shall not con-
sent to proceed to consider it in advance of
the others.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the bill will be taken
up. Let us have the question on taking up the
bill
Mr. SCOTT. I do not rise to make objec-
tion to the consideration of this bill; but to
avail myself of this opportunity to say that
with all the industry and with all the energy
that I possess, I have been endeavoring to get
the floor for a week to bring before the Senate
an application for an increase of the pension
of the widow of as meritorious a soldier as
ever died on the battle-field; and when t-his
bill is disposed of 1 shall ask to have that bill
takeu up.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. HOWELL. I trust that this gross fraud
upou the pension policy and upon the pension
laws of the United States may not take pre-
cedence of the meritorious pension cases that
are before us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Iowa that in his
remarks he is debating the merits of this bill.
Pronouncing the bill a fraud is a debate upon
the merits of the bill, and debate on the merits
of the bill is not in order under the eleventh
rule on the motion to take up the bill.
Mr. COLE. I observe that the chairman of
the Committee on Pensions is not in his seat.
Mr. SUMNER. But the chairman under-
stands this motion perfectly.
Mr. COLE. Then I have another remark to
make, and only one further. This bill relates
to a single individual. There are bills pending
here which involve the welfare and interests of
millions, and it is of more importance that
those bills should be considered than a bill re-
lating to a single individual. I will say further
that I am in favor of the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts; but I am opposed to its
taking precedence over bills of great national
impoitance. I hope it will not be takeu up
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the motion, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that the bill pro-
hibiting contracts for servile labor will not be
laid aside now. We have had a hard time to
get it before the Senate, and it is very import-
ant that we should act upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that the time will
not be consumed i n debate on the motion to take
up the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
confine the debate strictly, asliehasendeavored
to do, so that it shall not extend to the merits
of the bill proposed to be taken up.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Corbett, Drake, Fenton, Gilbert, llamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Kellogg, Lewi's. McDonald,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, liamsey, Rice, S;iwyer,
Scburz. Seott, Sherman, Spraifiie, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Warner, Williams, and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Cole,
ConklniK, l)avis, Hamilton of Texas, Howell, John-
ston, MeCreery,Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pratt,
lloss, Spencer, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Viekers,
Willey. and Yates—21.
ABS13NT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Camcion,
Caipenter, Cat.tell. Cragin. Edmunds, Ferry, Flana-
gan, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Morrill
of Maine, Korton, Nye, Pool, Kevels, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Stockton, and Xhurmaii—21.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill (II. R. -No. 1950)
granting a pension to Mary Lincoln.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the bill by striking out the words
"$3,000 per annum" and inserting "five
dollars per day."
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am opposed
to this policy, because it is inaugurating a new
system to which this country is entirely a
stranger; and that is, pensioning those who
have been public servants in the civil service,
or their widows or children. In the case ol
any former President we have entirely omitted
anything of this character. We have paid to
this widow $24,000 of salary in excess of what
was due at the time for the services of her hus-
band, and now it is proposed to pay her $3,000
a year as long as she shall live. While we on ly
pay to the widow of a soldier eight dollars per
month, we propose to pay this widow eight
dollars per day. It seems to me that five dol-
lars a day would be enough. Besides, I do not
think it is advisable that we should pay her
enough to educate a brilliant hoy abroad. In
my judgment he had much better be educated
here at home under American institutions than
to be educated abroad, where he will not grow
up in the principles of his father. I shall vote
against the bill; but if it is to pass I am in
favor of this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the amendment will
be voted down. This is a House bill, it is to
be understood, and I hope it may be closed
here to-day by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, being a
member of the Committee on Pensions, I feel
it to be my duty to state very briefly the reasons
which have governed my action in this matter.
The general reasons have already been given
in the report which was made by the committee
against granting this pension.
It is clearly evident to the entire Senate that
there is no propriety in giving the widow ot
the Chief Magistrate of the nation a pension
under the military laws of this country, which
provide that the widows of soldiers who fill
in the performance of their duty, that is, in
the due performance of military service, shall
be entitled to pensions. This is a proposition
going entirely out of the range of the pens,on
laws and the pension policy of the Uniiod
States. It is a sneaking fraud attempted to be
perpetrated upon the pension policv of the
country. It brings in here the widow of n
civil officer, to be sure the highest civil officer
