1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4451
It is to be borne in mind that the labor of this >
performance is now to be doubled. Instead I
of paying once in six months, they must pay
once in three months. All the labor is doubled,
and the responsibility is very considerably in-
creased of course from this subdivision of sums
of money from time to time. It has been
demonstrated to our reasonable satisfaction,
and I have the tables here, andean go into them
if necessary, that taking the very best pension
offices, where the largest numbers are paid,
and where, therefore, the commission runs up
to $4,000, the expense for office rent, which
you are obliged to keep open, the expense for
clerk hire, and all the incidental expenses in
keeping these books and making this triplicate
set of vouchers and returns, and keeping cash
accounts, will so eat up the commissions on
the whole payment and these fees as to leave
no pension agent, for his own services and
responsibility, a sum in excess of S3,000, and
the great majority of them much less.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask if the law provides
in any case for allowing clerks to pension
agents?
Mr. EDMUNDS. None at all. They have
to furnish their own clerks and pay thera out
of their own pockets.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I wish to inquire, if the
Senator can tell me, about what is the average
compensation of pension agents now under the
existing law ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think I can state to
the Senator the average compensation, because
that would require a computation in arithmetic
all over the country, as it varies so enormously
on account of the number of pensioners paid
at a particular agency, and therefore in the
amount of the commission and the o,mount of
the fees.
The instances we had before, us, of a dozen
pension agencies perhaps, were instances where
they received the largest compensation of any-
body in the country, and under the existing
law the amount that they have had left after
their actual disbursements, which were neces-
sary and indispensable to their carrying on
the business, has been under $4,000; that is,
they have not been able to save the commis-
sion that th§ law allows to thefn for the dis-
bursement of the money. They have shown
us ligures, estimated figures, of course, of the
expense and labor under this new provision for
paying quarterly, showing that their compen-
sation instead of being increased will be largely
decreased, even in the very best paying places,
that is, where there is the largest number of
pensioners, and therefore of course the largest
amount of fees consolidated at one agency.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that there will be four payments a
year, now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir ; this bill pro-
vides for four payments a year.
Mr. THURMAN. Then this fee of forty
cents will be paid four times?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; four times a
year.
Mr. THURMAN^ While I am up I wish !
to ask another question. The Senator is aware '
that there have been a number of persons !
urging upon Congress the payment of these
pensions in some other mode than through
these pension agents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. It has been suggested
that they be paid through the money-order
offices of the Post Office Depautment. I con-
fess my ignorance about that; but I should like
very well if the Senator would tell us whether
that matter has been considered by the com-
mittee, and whether it is advisable or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The committee considered
that matter fully in connection with this bill,
because it was brought to our attention and
suggested as a better method than this; and I
believe the committee were unanimously of
opinion—and that was in accord with the opin-
ion of the Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of Pensions—that the method of
paying through the post office was impracti-
cable ;_that it would result in great delays and
confusion and injury to the pensioner, and in-
jury to the public service ; and that as at pres-
ent constituted the best possible way was, and
one not more expensive, to continue it under
the present method of agencies, which works as
a whole extremely well. There are scarcely
any defalcations over the country by these
agents. There is no complaint of the pension-
ers as to the performance of the duties of the
agents,^ with very rare exceptions, and those
exceptions have been in cases where the pen-
sioner has thought that the fees which the State
law gives for administering the oaths, &c., and
which the old act of Congress adopts, were
excessive, and therefore that has led to some
grumbling and complaint.
I could go into an enlarged statement about
the difficulties connected with the money-order
branch of the subject; but I hardly think it
would be worth while to take up the time of
the Senate with it this morning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
ask the Senator a question in regard to the first
section, which provides for quarterly payments,
whether that will not impose upon the agents
a very large and onerous duty, and upon the
Government an expense beyond any advantage
that will ensue to the pensioners?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will impose a consider-
able additional expense upon the Government,
for the reason that the Government now as-
sumes the payment of this fee of forty cents.
We leave the pensioner with his little pittance
clean, so that nothing can be taken out of him
at all; and that is right. It is low enough and
mean enough as it is. There is no question
about that. It does impose a large additional
expense—that is, large in one sense, $100,000,
perhaps, or more, a year*—upon the Govern-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My inquiry is
whether the advantage which would be likely
to accrue from quarterly payments would jus-
tify us in incurring so large an expense?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The committee are en-
tirely satisfied that it would, and for this rea-
son : that under the semi-annual payments
these poor people are obliged to get, and do
get, advances upon their pension certificates.
That is contrary to law, I know, but the law
is evaded. They have to live ; and they have
to borrow money and get trusted in stores,
to be paid from their incoming pension. In
all such cases, as everybody knows in human
experience, they pay double for things they
would otherwise buy for money ; and if they
borrow money they have to pay interest at the
rate of ten or twelve per cent, in instances
that have eorae to our knowledge, so that those
who are in want and dependent upon their pen-
sion alone are absolutely eaten up by sharpers
as the time runs on. Of course the nearer the
points of payment are together, the better it is
for them in that respect.
Mr. DAVIS. When there was a Bank of the
United States, and it had branches in most of
the States, the pensions were distributed by
the branches of the bank without any charge
or cost to the Government or to the pensioner ;
and it was done very satisfactorily both to the
Government and the pensioners. Now, sir,
there is no State in the Union and but few
Territories that have not a national bank con-
veniently located that would agree to perform
the duties of pension agent, without any charge
to the pensioner or to the Government, merely
for the use of the pension fund at the time of
the payments. I recollect that the branch of
the Bank of the United States at Lexington did
all the business in the State of Kentucky con-
nected with the pension fund, disbursed every
dollar to e.very pensioner without a cent of cost
to the Government or to the pensioner.
Now, I move that this bill be recommitted
to the Committee on Pensions with instructions
to introduce a provision in the bill that where-
ever a suitable bank may exist in any State,
which is a proper and safe depository, and that
may be willing to transact the business of pen-
sion agents for the use of the money, it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
select such bank as the pension agent for the
Government in that particular State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will only occupy a
moment in reply to that suggestion, because I
wish to dispose of the bill. The proposition
of my friend from Kentucky would be very
good for the Government if it were at all prac-
ticable; but the Government and the banks
would be in a sense, as things are now situated,
ruined by it. The Senator must bear in mind
that when the banks used to pay pensions they
were pensions in old wars; they were only to
invalid soldiers, rarely to widows, and never to
minor children, where mere personal identity
was the only test required to know whether the
right to the payment of the pension was still
continuing, and when the whole number of
pensioners in the. United States was not one
hundredth part of the number we have now.
We now have, scattered through every State
and Territory of the United States, two hun-
dred and thirty-three thousand eight hundred
and eleven people whose names are on the
pension-roll; and unless you keep a super-
vision over these people by a pension agent or
two pension agents, or somebody in each State,
to know their identity, to know of the chang-
ing circumstances, of the widows marrying
again, of the children becoming of age, of the
deaths, &c., the amount of fraud and corruption
and dishonesty and absolute ruin in a business
point of view that would come to a bank under-
taking to keep charge of all that would make
it totally impracticable. It cannot be done.
We should be glad to do it if it could be; but
the number of pensioners, the complication of
the laws which regulate the payments to them,
the necessity of constant supervision to guard
against frauds, and the change of circumstances
make it impossible for a bank to attend to that
class of business. We should have to have the
same pension agents, and pay them then as
much or more than we now do to keep watch
and management of this important business.
Mr. D AVIS. I do not ask that this business
should be forced on any bank, nor could it be
forced on any bank. If any bank is willing to
take the performance of this office it does it
voluntarily. If no proper bank in any State
should be found that was willing to do the busi-
ness upon the same basis as the branches of
the old United States Bank did, of course a
pension agent would have to be appointed for
that State. But wherever there was a bank in
a State that was willing to disburse the whole
pension fund in order to have the use of the
fund during the intervals of time when it would
have to be "paid out to the pensioners, it would
be cheaper and safer for the Government to
disburse the pension fund through that bank
than through the agency of individual pension
agents ; and for this reason : the bank would
have to transact this business, as it does all its
business, upon its own responsibility; upon its
own risk; upon its own insurance. It would"
have to ascertain whether the money was paid
to the proper peusioner or not, and if it was not
paid to the proper pensioner or his accredited
agent the bank would have to ioseit. Thatwas
the state of law and of fact under the old sys-
tem, and I do not see why that system cannot
be practicable and why it cannot be accepted by
the banks at the present day. There are banks
that would be willing to accept the agency.
There are banks m Kentucky that would be
willing to take it with all its responsibilities
and risks, and without any cost whatever to the
Government.
I know we cannot make that system uni-
versal. We cannot force banks to take the
office; but wherever there were banks that
