1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
Mr. Chairman, without quoting further from
the statesmen of the early days of the Republic,
I may truthfully say that they were in favor of
a small ratio and large representation; that
though the expense attending the compensation
of the members might be somewhat increased,
it would yet be trifling compared with the great
advantages, that would result from it; that
large representation would, while it might
increase the expense in one respect, be pro-
ductive of .true economy in the defeat of cor-
rupt and extravagant measures. The expense
of the civil Departments of the Government
is hut a drop in the bucket compared with
the mass of expenditures resulting from bad
legislation. The more intimately and closely
the Representative is identified with the people
who send him here the more likely is he to
carry .out their views and insure their confi-
dence and respect.
Men say that this House is too large already;
that make it larger and you make it a mob. I
confess, Mr. Chairman, that to a stranger it
appears confusion worse confounded some-
times. There is much confusion and disorder;
it is a little lacking in that dignity that ought
to characterize a legislative assembly. Yet,
judging from results in dispatch of business and
in the character of legislfttion, I think we have
nothing to fear from comparison with smaller
legislative bodies. if there is any principle
that gives this Government a distinctive char-
acter and makes it republican in fact, in contrast
with other nations of the world, it is its repre-
sentative character.
The very name republican carries with it
the name or idea of its being a representative
government. On looking at the word repub-
lican the dictionaries define it as a State in
which the sovereign power is exercised by rep-
resentatives elected by the people.'' Such being
the character of this Government, is it not the
duty of those who are elected by the people
to see to it that while the Government in pait
rests in our hands we do nothing to give the
Government any other character than that
which it was designed to have—a republican
government in fact.
Some one lias said that all republican gov-
ernments appear to posssess a neural tend-
ency frota republicanism to monarchy. Sir,
that may be true; I fear it is in this Govern-
ment of ours; that as we as a people become
wealthy, as wealth becomes unequally distrib-
uted, as large corporations grow into power
and controlling influence, the tendency of the
governing powers of the country is to for-
get the masses of the people and study the
comfort, convenience, and prosperity of the
few. Is it notour duty to guard well this point
and see to it that such a disposition does not
get possession of us? The Constitution de-
clares that—
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among tho several States that may be in-
cluded within the Union according to their respectivo
numbers," &c.
" The aotual enumeration shall be made within
three years after the first meeting of the Congress of
the United States, and within every subsequent term
of ten years in such maimer as they shall by law
direct."
"The ntimber of Representatives shall not exceed
one for every thirty thousand, but each Stato shall
have at least one ltepresentative."
Gentlemen will see that the framers of the
Constitution seemed to agree on thirty thou-
sand as the number of people entitled to a Rep-
resentative in that day, and it was for a long
time believed by the best men of those times
that it was neither judicious nor carrying out
the idea of the Constitution to fix the ratio of
representation at a much larger number. To-
day there are few men on this floor whose dis-
tricts do not contain a representative population
of more than three times that number. The
district which I have the honor to represent
contains a voting'population of nearly forty
thousand, as shown by the votes cast for the
candidatesfor President and Representative at
the last election ; and taking that vote as the
basis of calculation, I represent to-day upon
this floor about two hundred thousand people.
The men, sir, who made, and the people who
ratified the Constitution never contemplated
that the time would so soon come when the
basis of representation should be swelled up
from thirty to two hundred thousand people.
They believed that it was more in consonance
with the spirit of our institutions that the basis
of representation should be small and repre-
sentation full; but as the nation has increased
in population the basis or ratio of representa-
tion has increased.
In 1790, when the first census was taken after
the adoption of the Constitution, we had less
than four million people. In 1800 we had
about five and a half millions ; in 1810, about
seven millions and a quarter; in 1820, a little
over nine and a half millions; in 1830, nearly
thirteen millions; in 1810, a little more than
seventeen millions; in 1850, about twenty-three
millions, and in 1800 about thirty-one millions.
So, Mi'. Speaker, our country has steadily and
rapidly increased in population as each decade
passed away from 1700 until 1860, as shown by
the census, and we confidently expect that the
census which is about to be taken will show a
population of forty millions.
As the population has increased so has the
number of Representatives on this floor, though
not as regularly and not in the same propor-
tion. As the population has increased so have
States sprung into existence ; and as they have
been named and taken into the_ Union as mem-
bers of the national family their Senators have
taken their places in the other wing of this
Capitol, two by two, until it has come to be
almost a question which is the people's branch
of the national Legislature.
But, Mr. Chairman, I desire to speak to the
question whether it is not the duty of this
Congress, if it be within its power to do so, to so
shape the law and provide the means to secure
an enumeration of the representative population
of the States in time to get tho benefit of what-
ever increase of representation may be determ-
ined upon in the next Congress. The principle
of this Government is not only a representative
one, requiring that the Representatives shall be
elected by the people, but that the Represent-
atives should be equally distributed in propor-
tion to the population of the different localities.
The English House of Commons is com-
posed of about six hundred members, a large
majority of them representing districts and
boroughs having very small population ; equal
representation as applied to the people is not
the idea or object of the British Government.
In this country the Government is not only
representative, but the primary object of the
provision of the Constitution requiring a census
every ten years was to count the people as they
might be found in States and apportion rep-
resentation accordingly. Representation in
this country is of a personal character, and is
therefore expected to be distributed according
to the population.
I contend that if it is within our power to do
so under the Constitution, and in view of the
work to be done, we ought to procure the cen-
sus of the population of the country so as to
get the benefit of the new apportionment in the
next Congress.
The population of the country is changing.
Some States have within the last ten years
grown largelyin population, while others have
not. While the eastern States, some of them,
small as they are, seem to have got their growth,
the western are filling up and becoming as em-
pires. "Westward the star of empire takes
its course;" and, sir, as these changes take
place the representation on this floor becomes
unequal as between the old and the newer
States of the Union.
Illinois, Iowa. Wisconsin, Minnesota, Mis-
souri. Kansas, and others of the western States
are filling up with an enterprising and free
population, and upon the present basis or any
which this House will likely agree upon they
are together entitled to from twelve to twenty
additional members in this House. Members
argue that it would not be fair m view of the
fact that representation heretofore has^ been
readjusted but once in ten years. It is not
right, they argue, for Congress now to change
the rule and make a readjustment when only
eight years have elapsed since the last one
took place. , ,
It is true that jit has only been done hereto-
fore once in ten years, yet it seems to me that
if it is true that it should be readjusted at all
and done upon the basis of population in the
differest States-the question rises above mere
precedent and calls upon us to do it so soon as
we can do it, whether it has been done every
ten years or eight years heretofore or whether
one State may gain or another may lose.
It is a question going down to the very vital
principles of the Government, and if the prin-
ciple is correct we are called upon to act upon
it at the earliest practicable moment. I can-
not see that there i3 any constitutional ques-
tion involved in it. The Constitution declares
that—
"The enumeration shall bo made within- thres
years after tho first meeting of Congress, and within
every subsequent term of ten years.
There is nothing said as to when the ques-
tion of representation shall be settled upon
the enumeration of the people being taken ;
whether it shall be done in the same year or in
any subsequent year thereafter; but the enum-
eration being made first of all for the pur-
pose of reapportioning representation, it would
seem to follow that it would be the duty of
Congress to perform their work of reappor-
tioning as soon as it had the power to do it.
The presumptions are in favor of prompt action
on the part of Congress.
But, sirs, I confess that we are all liable to
be influenced more or less by what seems to
be the interest of our particular localities. The
State which I in part represent possesses a
population to-day of nearly two million and a
half of people. She has a Representative force
on this floor of fourteen members. The six
New England States, with a population of, say,
three quarters of a million more, have a repre-
sentative forcehereof twenty-seven Represent-
atives. This is as the law makes it. We have
no right to complain; but it becomes the more
clearly my duty, at least, to insist that the new
apportionment shall be made as soon as possi-
ble. It is not fair to the States where popula-
tion has increased to postpone a readjustment
a day longer than is necessary to enumerate
the people of the States, ascertain the results
for a new basis.
Gentlemen have argued that we ought not
to pass a law placing the power in the hands
of the Secretary of the Interior to ascertain the
representative population and determine the
number of Representatives to'which each State
shall be entitled after we have the number that
shall compose the House. Sir, if the law be
made plain by which we shall be governed his
duty becomes merely clerical and will involve
no mystery, and it seems to me there can be
no serious objections on that ground ; but it •
there is any force in it it can easily be avoided
by providing that Congress shall come together
in September and receive his report and take
whatever action may be necessary on our part.
Other men raise the objection that such
action would require a large expense in call-
ing together theState Legislatures by the G ov-
ernors. There is no need of the Legislatures
meeting, as every State getting an increase
of representation may be authorized by act
of Congress to elect the additional Representa-
tives on the general ticket of the State ; and,
sir, for a long time in this country, let me say
to members who do notregard that as a legiti-
mate mode of electing Representatives, that
was regarded by many as the only true mid
constitutional way of electing members of Con-
gress.
Mr. Chair-man, I desire again to call members'
