1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"256$
and our ship-artisans and mechanics arc out of
employ. Even emigrants attracted to our coun-
try encounter indignities and abuses in some
cases on these foreign steamships reaching the
horrors of a middle passage, which seriously
checks immigration setting in upon our shores.
All these facts exist, and press upon the
attention of the Senate the imperative necessity
of breaking off these shackles upon American
commerce and of entering without delay upon
a policy which shall build steamships in Amer-
ican ship-yards. Give to our own merchants
the profits of our own commerce and build up
a merchant marine that shall bethe basis of our
prosperity in peace and our arm of defense in
time of war. Such a policy, no matter at what
expense, is alone compatible with the resources
of the Republic, her geographical position, and
the honor and welfare of the United States.
Our great sqa-ports on the Pacific and the
Atlantic are the gateways through which the
commerce of the vast interior of the Republic
will flow out upon the world, and through which
the wealth of Europe and Asia will pour in
upon our country; while the transcontinental
railways, in connection with American steam-
ship lines, should turn the currents of the
world's commerce across our continent and
place in American hands at no distant day a
controlling influence as the leading maritime
Power among the nations of the earth.
In presenting the merits of the bill in aid of
the Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Navi-
gation Company to the Senate, which I regard
as the first step in the right direction toward
the revival of American commerce, I propose
to show its bearing and importance as con-
nected with my own State, as well as with the
whole South, and then to show its bearing upon
the whole Union, North and South, Bast and
West. This broad and liberal character of
the bill demands the attention of the Senate
and presents the strongest claim upon its sup-
port.
The present paralysis of American commerce
presses heavily upon my own State of Arkansas,
and Senators will pardon me in presenting a
few remarks going to show what her present
position is and what it should be among her
sister States in the American Union under the
revival of American commerce, and the con-
sequent development of her immense natural
wealth. Arkansas has an area of 02,198 square
miles, or 33,400,702 acres. Her population
was in 1860 435,450, and is now about 700,000.
In her soil, climate, and productions she re-
sembles the other cotton-growing States, with
an abundance of hill lands suited to general
farming purposes and stored with inexhaust-
ible treasures of mineral wealth. With the
exception of broad belts of land along her
great rivers her climate is salubrious, and her
productions are cotton, tobacco, the cereal
grains, potatoes, garden and orchard products,
wool-growing, and stock-raising.
Lying upon the Mississippi, which sweeps
her whole eastern border, she is intersected by
its great a'flluents, the St. Francis, the White,
the Arkansas, and others with their branches,
and in the southwest by the Ouchita, Saline,
and Red rivers, which in the aggregate give a
steain navigation of more than three thousand
miles. These streams, never obstructed by ice,
water forty-three out of the sixty-three counties
of the State. Her mineral deposits of zinc,
manganese, lead, copper, marble, whet and
hone stone, rock crystal, paints, kaolin, gran-
ite, limestone, marls, green sand and slate, may
well justify the assertion that Arkansas is des-
tined to rank as one of the richest mineral
States of the Union. Her climate is such that
she has been called "the Italy of the United
States." In the mountainous sections of the
State her climate and productions are assim-
ilated to the northern and middle States, while
in her southern borders are found the products
of a tropical climate. No country in the world,
except perhaps along the coast of Georgia, can
produce as much cotton per acre and of so fine
a quality as my own State. Yet with these
advantages, after having been a State in the
Union thirty-four years, her present population
does not exceed some seven hundred thousand.
Until within a few months she has had no
common-schools nor public seminaries of learn-
ing. Her manufactures are feeble; and there
is to-day less than one hundred miles of rail-
roads within the State.
In direct contrast with all this the State of
Iowa, possessing about the same area, her ter-
ritorial position not Superior, her mineral and
agricultural wealth inferior, with a climate
more rigorous, and admitted into the Union
nine years later than Arkansas, has now a
population of more than one million, has thou-
sands of miles of railway, seventy colleges,
academies, and universities, and a taxable
property of $300,000,000, or about double that
of my own State.
Now, Mr. President, why is this wonderful
difference, which exists not alone between
Arkansas and Iowa, bat between the southern
and northern States generally? While we are
willing to concede much of this disparity to
the late peculiar institutions of the South, this
alone will not account for the present difference
between the sections of our Union. A more
satisfactory solution is found in the fact, the
State of Arkansas, in common with the whole
South, has failed to share in the common ben-
efits of foreign immigration into the United
States. The disadvantages resulting from this
state of things since the close of the war have
been most remarkable, and have fallen with
crushing power uponthe industry of the South.
The disruption of the social relations here-
tofore existing has greatly disturbed the labor
of the South and made it relatively dearer than
at the North, while the devastations of war
have increased the necessities for multiplied
employment and increased the price of that
which was available. Under these disabilities
we have struggled on and have laid deep the
foundations of our future wealth. Yet the fact
remains that we are still in pressing need of
an intelligent laboring population to aid us in
the development of natural resources; and how
to supply this want is the great problem that
now engages the southern mind. It cannot be
denied that much of the admitted prosperity
of thegreatnorthwestern States results from the
fact that while the South has been as yet almost
wholly excluded from the benefits of immigra-
tion into the Union within the last fifteen years,
the North and Northwest have engrossed almost
the whole of this element of wealth and power.
We do not complain of these results, nor envy
the better fortunes of the northern States, but
we do press upon the Senate the justice of
entering upon such a policy as shall hereafter
admit us to participate in this source of pros-
perity, which shall not only benefit us without
prejudice to the North, but, on the other hand,
promote the general welfare of the whole coun-
try. In this connection it is pertinent to refer
to the diversion of a large amount of the labor
of the South, which has been heretofore em-
ployed in agricultural pursuits, to the construc-
tion of railways and the requirements of our
steamboat navigation. The number of laborers
thus diverted from their usual employment has
rendered field labor scarce and greatly enhanced
its price.
This removal of the colored laborers of the
South from their usual occupations bears most
heavily upon Virginia, and is depriving her of
a large proportion of her valuable population,
and that, too, without conferring any percept-
ible advantage in the increase of agricultural
labor in the more southern States, since it by
no means supplies the want of labor diverted
by the causes before adverted to. The ben-
eficial results of labor are diminished by spread-
ing it over a larger space of country; and hence
while Virginia is exhausted the States which
receive her population are not benefited in a
degree corresponding with her loss. The same
course of remark will apply with more or less
force to the other more northerly of the late
slaveholding States. The Mediterranean and
Oriental Steam Navigation Company conies
before Congress with a charter comprehensive
in its provisions granted by the State of New
York, and asks for such aid and recognition
as shall give it a national character and enable
it to cope with foreign corporations, powerful
in their colossal wealth, drawn from our own
trade and upheld by subsidies both of our own
and their respective Governments. A steam-
ship line of fifteen or twenty vessels, of not less
than three thousand tons measurement each,
plying between our own ports and those of
southern Europe, bringing into commercial
relations with us more than one hundred mil-
lions of our own race who are now almost
strangers to our people, cannot be established
and maintained without a large expenditure
of capital and a credit of national reputation.
The bill proposes to construct such ships
upon the most approved plans, under the im-
mediate supervision of the Government, capa-
ble of being readily converted into war vessels
whenever the exigencies of the Government
shall require it, fitted up for general freight
and passenger traffic ; and one of its leading
features is to introduce into the southern States
a valuable class of emigrants who would not
go into the northern and northwestern States,
and who now, in numbers from forty to fifty
thousand, go annually into South America and
Australia, but who, if American steamships
were established would, in increasing num-
bers, greatly prefer to cast in their lots with
u?, and thus, without prejudice to the North,
bring to the South a just participation in the
advantages of foreign immigration, thus adding
to the common wealth of the whole Republic.
Statistics are at hand showing the import-
ance of immigration to the wealth and pros-
perity of the United States, and of the rela-
tive advantages hitherto derived to different
sections of our country from this source.
From the port of New York alone eight
lines of foreign steamships are now plying
between it and different ports of Europe, own-
ing one hundred and nineteen steamers, of
an aggregate of 311,000 tons burden, namely:
Tons.
The Bremen line to New York, 18 steamers,
of 3.00!) tons e;ieh   51,000
The l''rench hue, 4 steamers, oi 3,000 tons
each  12,000
The Hamburg line, 11 steamers, oi 3,000 tons
each     33,000
The Inman line, lb steamers, of d.000 tons
oaeli ;  48,000
The National line, 12 steamers, of 3.100 tons
each  37,200
The William3 & (luion line, 6 &teu.mers, of
3,100 ions each  1S.GOO
Tho Cunaru line, 1M steamers, ot 3,0u0 tons
cach  72,000
Tho London lino, 4 steameis, of 2,000 tons
each  8,000
The Anchor line, 21 steamers, oi 1,200 tons
each  28,800
Total  311,000
The cost of this immense merchant marine
is put down at $75,000,000, and is manned by
at least fifteen thousand men, who derive their
support and that of their families from the trade
of Europe to and with the city of New York.
The gross annual earnings of these steamships
arc estimated at $20,000,000, yielding a net
profit of $10,000,000 per annum, which are
derived from the American trade, but which
our foreign cousins put exclusively into the
pockets of their own shareholders, owners, and
insurers.
But this is not all. Our ocean-bound Re-
public, with its unrivaled commercial advan-
tages and its forty million inhabitants, is in
like manner dependent upon France for a por-
tion of her foreign trade.
The French Transatlantic Steamship Com-
pany runs several of their steamers to New
York, and on two other lines—one to the West
