4452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
were willing to take it with all its risks it would
save a large amount of money in the way of
compensation to pension agents. It would
be more convenient to the pensioners, because
they could, send their checks by their neighbors
to the bank and receive payment at the counter
of the bank, and those payments would be made
at the cost, the risk, the responsibility, upon
the insurance of the banking institutions; and
where they were willing to undertake such an
amount of risk it would be no matter to the
Government whether there were losses or not.
The losses would not fall upon the Govern-
ment, but upon the bank. 1 know that there
are banks which would be willing to accept the
performance of this service for the use of the
money. I therefore think that the proposition
is well worthy the attention of the Senate, and
ought to induce the Senate to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Pensions with instruc-
tions to bring in a provision that shall author-
ize the employment of any proper and suitable
bank to perform the duties of pension agent
where such bank can be found.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mob-
kill, of Maine, in the chair.) The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to recommit the bill with instructions.
Mr. HOWELL. The very fact stated by the
Senator from Kentucky, that this mode could
not be uniform and universal, is of itself a
sufficient objection to the adoption of it. We
ought to have a system that is uniform and
universal; and this could not begin to be any-
thing like uniform or universal. It might hap-
pen in Kentucky and some other places 
Mr. CHANDLER. As it is perfectly evi-
dent  
Mr. HOWELL. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the regular
order. It is perfectly evident that this bill
cannot pass; that this debate must goon. .1
must ask for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan calls for the regular order.
Mr. HARLAN. We can have a vote in a
minut'e.
Mr. CHANDLER. If we can have a vote
I will withdraw the request.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call is
withdrawn. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Kentucky, to recommit the
bill with instructions.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe there are some
thirteen hundred national banks in the United
States. They are scattered over the whole
Union. There is not a State but what has
several of them.
Mr. HOWELL. linsistthat the old Senator
who called me to order might afford to call an
old Senator to order also.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to being
called to order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not call the Sen-
ator from Iowa to order. I called for the reg-
ular order.
■ Mr.HOWELL. Whydoyounotinsistuponit?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the call
of the Senator from Michigan in either form,
lie may call me to order or he may call for
the order of business, just as he may please.
I will take it in either form; otherwise hall
make a speech of some length.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand there are
other amendments to be offered which will
lead to debate; and as it is evident this bill
cannot pass now, I ask that the regular order
be proceeded with.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
insists on that I will move that the regular
order be passed over in order that the Senate
may proceed with this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was going to move that.
The bill ought to be finished, and it will not
take more time now than on any other occasion.
We had better be allowed to finish it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call is
withdrawn, and the Senator from Kentucky is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I call for the
regular order of business, that I may have an
opportunity to draw up a section by way of
amendment to this bill.
Mr. MORTON. Before the Senator from
Kentucky does that 
Mr. DAVIS. I will yield to the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to pass over all
prior orders, in order to finish this bill now
and have it determined one way or another.
Mr. CHANDLER. That motion displaces
the regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Only until this bill is
finished, that is all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to pass over the
present order in order to reach this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does that displace the
unfinished business of yesterday?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itdoesnot, unless
the Senate should adjourn on this bill; then it
would.
Mr. DAVIS. I had the floor, and gave it
up, at the instance of the honorai le Senator
from Indiana, to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
was demanded, the effect of which was to call
up the unfinished business of last evening, no
matter who was upon the floor. That business
is now before the Senate, and the Senator from
Vermont moves to pass it over.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say that I have no dis-
position to delay this bill factiously ; but I
would like to have an opportunity to draw up
a section that will embrace my ideas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Vermont is to pass over the pres-
ent order, so that the Senate shall proceed with
the consideration of the pension bill; and then
the Senator from Kentucky will be entitled to
the floor upon it.
The motion to pass over was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pension bill
is before the Senate, and the Senator from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. That I may have an oppor-
tunity of drawing up a section embracing the
idea that I have attempted to present to the
Senate—I have no other purpose, no desire to
delay the bill one moment, but I wish to draw
it up with deliberation—I move that the bill
be passed over informally until to-morrow
morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will say to the Senator
from Kentucky that he can test the sense of
the Senate on the propriety of undertaking an
experiment of this kind by his motion to re-
commit just as well as by offering a section.
If the Senate want to do the thing in that way
we will furnish the means of doing it, but it
will be suicide.
Mr. THAYER. I suggest to my friend from
Vermont whether we cannot, by unanimous
consent, agree to take this bill up to-morrow
morning in the morning hour immediately after
the morning business. I have a section to
propose to perfect the bill, and I should like a
little more time; I shall be willing to dispose
of it to-morrow morning.*
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall not object if the
Senate will consent, immediately after the
privileged business to-morrow morning, to take
up this bill and stick to it until disposed of,
because I am willing to extend this courtesy;
otherwise I must ask action upon it now.
Mr. RAMSEY. I object to any agreement
that will interfere with the franking privilege
bill. That will come up after this, and we ought
to dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota objects.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let us go ahead.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to make the motion
that will throw the least amount of obstruction
in the way of tfeis'bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know what motion would be the least ob-
jectionable to the friends of the bill. A motion
to pass over this bill would, if agreed to, bring
up the unfinished business pending at the ad-
journment last night. That is the bill in regard
to Mrs. Harriet Parker. After that bill is dis-
posed of, if other business shall not come up,
the Senator from Kentucky may have his sec-
tion ready, and the Senate can then resume the
consideration of this bill to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to pass over this bill
with a view to taking up the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope not.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Min-
nesota will withdraw his objection if we will
agree to dispose of this bill within the morning
hour to-morrow morning. I think we can
do that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is impossible to agree
to dispose of the bill in the morning hour, un-
less those having charge of the bill can know
what objections will be made and can have an
opportunity of answering them.
Mr. THAYER. We can take the vote before
one o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot agree to take the
vote at any particular time without knowing
what is to be proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state to the Senator from Minnesota that if
unanimous consent is asked and granted for
this proposed arrangement, it would not dis-
place the bill abolishing the franking privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. I know that very well; but
there are go many expedients for getting rid
of the franking privilege bill that I do not
know what will come next. If this bill comes
up to-morrow to displace it part of the day,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions may then bring in an appropriation bill
and occupy the rest of the day. At this late
period of the session I must insist on the regu-
lar order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Kentucky is to pass over the
bill, the effect of which will be to resume the
unfinished business of yesterday; and after
that is disposed of, if no other business should
interpose, this bill would come up.
The question being put, there were oil a
division—ayes 17, noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOWE. Iunderstandthatthiswillbethe
next business after disposing of Mrs. Parker's
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will ask the Chair if
the Senator in charge of the franking privilege
bill should insist upon that being taken up
whether that would not have priority ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not think it would.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
passing this bill over for a little while, to finish
the Parker bill, if this will then come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be the
result.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the objection.
The motion to pass over was agreed to.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. This bill is
passed over, but will be resumed again under
the order if Mrs. Parker shall be disposed of.
message i'rom tub iiocse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiisox, fts Clerk, announced
that the House> had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1764) relating to the effect of writs of error
to the Supreme Court of the United States,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (H. R. No.
