606'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Mississippi River—Mr. Allison.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
■ ■ ' . "ancient usages."
They say it has been the law and practice,
"from the beginning of the Government," to
require that imports be inspected and appraised
and.duties paid at the sea-port, appearing to
forget that whereas "in the beginning" onr
settlements were scattered along the Atlantic
coast, yet since "the beginning," within the
current century, population has passed the
Allegfianies, filled the great valleys, over-
spread the plains, crossed the llocky mount-
ains, and established "ports of entry" on the
Pacific ocean. Such an "argument" in the
face of such facts would bo unworthy the wis-
dom of an owl.
"impracticability."
We are told that t he proposed changes would
be impracticable. To this we answer that what
■we want for the interior of our own country is
now in successful operation between our ports
of entry and the British provinces. British
subjects now enjoy by our grace the coveted
privileges denied to our own citizens. Mexico
enjoys the same advantages in her trade across
Texas, and the system we ask is in force in
our domestic traffic across the Isthmus. What
is being done with, by, for, and among for-
eigners can he done by ourselves for ourselves.
And as wo trust foreigners, we can trust our
own citizens.
" MISTAKES."
We are toid that it will be impossible to find
competent officers at interior ports to inspect
and appraise foreign articles of import.
This argument asserts tiiat the merchants
of the cities of the valley do not know the
quality and value of the goods they buy and
sell and in which they have dealt for years.
If this were true we should boat the mercy of
sea-side importers, and obliged to take then-
goods at their own appraisement. Every well-
informed man knows that the country is 1'nll of
experienced merchants, competent for the per-
formance of the requisite ollicial duties, iiut
if we really need advice and assistance wo can
bring men from tho sea board to aid us.
" FltAtJD."
As a last appeal, wo are warned against, the
dangers of increasing opportunities lor fraud.
This argument seems plausible, but will not
bear consideration. It,assumes that the present
system is well adapted to prevent, and detect
fraud upon the revenue, is this assumption
Bound? Does not the country know that the
city which monopolizes imports under the pres-
ent system and gives tone and character to tho
administration of the revemie laws is the seat
and center of "revenue frauds?" Is it not.
notorious that "rings" are perpetually formed
and forming there, under and composed of
members of all parties, to defraud the Gov-
ernment, and that they are marvelously suc-
cessful? If one ring bo discovered and broken
up another springs from its fragments, or arises
from fresh material constantly produced by that
metropolitan population.
The formation of corrupt combination.; is
easy and their discovery difficult ; because,
business being concentrated, they nerd cor-
rupt but few men, and their proceedings are
confined to a limited sphere. If other ports
of entry be opened "rings" must be enlarged
and their field of depredations extended ; so
that it will be more difficult for dishonest men
to form combinations and conceal their doings.
We shall bring into the public service fresh
and honest men from all sections and from
rival cities, who will inspect and revise the
action of each other and render it impossible
for fraudulent combinations Hong to subsist,
undetected. l!ul why should wo argue the
question of comparative honesty and integrity '
of New York officials and such officers as the
Government might secure in oilier cities along
great lines of transportation and from the coun-
try at large? Here is tho case: our imports
are stopped, detained, and bandied by New
York officials. We propose to substitute offi-
cers to be selected from the interior and other
sea-board cities, and from the people at large.
Is it possible that we may so far err and go
astray in selecting officers from the body of the
people as to find worse men than are the aver-
age of those who fill the New York places ?
Must we make the confession that the city of
New York is the only place where trustworthy
men can be found to serve the Government,
tho best place, or even a good place to (ind
them ? The question answers itself. Every
prudent patriot will exclaim, "The more offi-
cers the Government selects outside of New
York, and the fewer there, the better it will
be for tho common weal. The less public
property we have at hazard there, and the
sooner what we have be safely removed, the
better for the Treasury."
■ THIS PESDISO BILL.
The pending bill falls far short of the remedy
required. It differs widely from the original,
and is but a step in the right direction. Many
judicious friends of the reform consider it so
imperfect and inadequate as to be unworthy of
acceptance ; but others with whom I agree have
thought that any measure admitting tho prin-
ciple for which wo contend would beatriumph,
and we accept this bill with all its faults, hop-
ing and expecting to perfect it hereafter.
the department.
The influence of this measure for good will
depend much upon the spirit in which it shall
be executed by tho Treasury Department. Tho
people will understand that the bill lias been
complicated and rcstiicted by objections from
that Department, and they will observe with
anxiety the manner in which the Secretary shall
exercise tho discretion vested in him.
Under its provisions that ofliccr will have
extraordinary powers for good or evil, and
rare opportunities to satisfy or disappoint, the
just expectations of tho commercial public
and of the millions of people interested in its
success. Should he frame his regulations in a
liberal spirit and give the law a, fair trial he
will prove himself worthy of the trust we now
repose in liim; but should ho follow his pre-
judices against tho measure and neutralize it
by restrictive regulations and unfriendly admin-
istration he will deserve and receive the con-
demnation of the people of the groat interior,
and of tho merchants of the whole country.
No reasonable man can suppose that m this
free Republic a majority of the people, dwell-
ing, as they do, in the fertile valleys and fruit-
ful plains of thegreatand growing interior, and
furnishing the staple productions and wealth
of the nation, will long endure the commer-
cial mastery and monopoly of the coast. We
therefore accept this measure as an acknowl-
edgment of our equal commercial rights, and
as an advance toward the final remedy for the
wrongs we suffer, trusting to see it fairly ap-
plied and liberally administered, and amended
and perfected as experience shall shew the
justice and expedience of leaving internal
commerce free.
JUiisUsippi River,
REMARKS OP ITON.W. B. ALLISON,
OF IOWA,
Ix the Housri op Repkkrextatives.
July l.S, 1870,
On din memorial of A. Penfield, of Cleveland, Ohio,
suggesting a method of supplying tho Mississippi
river with water, at low and medium stages, by
means of rcseivoirs in tho upper Mississippi.
Mr. al.usox asked and obtained leave to
refile the memorial of A. Pen field, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, suggesting a method of supply-
ing the Mississippi river with water, at low and
medium stages, by means of reservoirs in the
upper Mississippi.
Mr. ALLISON. This memorial was pre-
sented by me on tho 27th day of April, 1864,
the record of which cannot now be found, and
is now presented in order that justice may be
done to Mr. Penfield, who has given much
attention and labor to this subject.
This petition for obtaining constant navi-
gation on the upper Mississippi, during the dry
summer months, by keeping up a medium stage
of water, contemplated the construction of res-
ervoirs of the head lakes of the Mississippi,
making them natural reservoirs by dams built
at their outlets. Theinterviewsand correspond-
ence of Mr. Penfield with the engineer, Gen-
eral_ Warren, on this subject, covering bis in-
vestigations of siirveys in the General Land
Office, were to the effect that such a plan was
practicable at a small expense. In the engi-
neer's reports subsequently there is repeated
reference, very brief, as to the subject of reser-
voirs, and to another matter of his petition,
namely, a canal from the Mississippi to Lake
Superior.
The report of Engineer Frank Cook to Gen-
eral Warren, and by him to General Humphreys,
cliiefofengineers, through theSeeretary of War,
of January 22, 1870, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed
June 1, is of surveys made in the fall of 1809
above the falls of St. Anthony, and is the first
survey and report on this subject of reservoirs.
This roportshows that with three dams, in three
localities, Pokegoma rapids, Pino river, and
Mille Lacs, of an average height of nine feet,
at an expense of $114,348, covering a reservoir
surface of seven hundred and twenty square
miles, the drainage area being four thousand
nine hundred and twenty square miles, he
obtains a supply of 5-1,006,872,000 cubic feet,
sufficient to give an increase above a low water
stage of six thousand cubic feet per second
for one hundred and four days, giving five feet
depth on the bars of the Mississippi below St.
Anthony's falls during the dry summer months,
the depth at low water being three feet, and
says:
"When full surveys aro mado in tho future tho
exhibit will be mucli more favorable. Itwillbeseen
by tho foregoing that tholakos on tho head-waters of
tho Mississippi and, tributaries may be mado of im-
mense benefit to the interests of navigation by holding
in stoic a supply sutlieient to insuro a good naviga-
ble stugoot water on tho upper Mississippi river at
all times."
This is tho first tangible report on the reser-
voir plan that has been made. A medium stage
for navigation on the upper Mississippi above
tho mouth of the Missouri can be had through
tho dry summer months. Another step is taken
toward developing the vast wealth-producing
power of the Mississippi. Mr. Cook also re-
ports tho practicability of the canal from the
Mississippi to Lake Superior.
General Warren, rcportingto the chief engi-
neer on Mr. Cook's report, says:
"Hie longest period of loiv water at St. Paul was
in ISGt, when it was for one hundred and lifty days
below r ho three-feet navigablestage, and part of the
time below two feet. It is believed, however, that
thoo rostnvoiis would havo maintained the river at
a four-i'eet navigable stage even during this long
period. Thus it wilt be seen that if these reservoirs
can be erected and controlled, a lour-feet depth for
navigation at.St, i'itul would be seeured throughout
tho mo^t unfavorable seasons. The condition of the
navigation of the Mississippi river abo-vo the falls
of St. Anthony, its advantages and prospects, aro
clearly stated by Mr. Cook iu bis report."
Colonel Long, making a tour of inspection
of western rivers in 1855, states that as early
as May 30, in the then present stage of the
Mississippi, boats drawing more than two feet
cannot pass tho lloek Island rapids, and that
several small steamers were then lying by at
tile head of Des Moines rapids for want of a
sufficient depth of water to carry them across
in safety, and a dredge-boat going to Illinois
river with difficulty crossed Rock Island rapids,
