2564
0M CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April; II,
Indies, and the other to Guadeloupe, Vene-
zuela, and Aspinwall. In 1808 the ships of
this company.made twenty-five trips to New
York, the average receipts of which were—
The gross sum of.   $50,000 per trip.
In 1864 the overage receipts wore 28,000 per trip.
In 1865 they were 42,800 per trip.
In 1866 they were  44,200 per trip.
In 1867 they wero 48,400 per trip.
making a grogs amount iu five years to French
capitalists, derived from the American trade,
of $5,213,400.
The whole number of steamers of this com-
pany is twenty-one, with an aggregate of eighty
thousand tons. The capital of this company
is *10,000,000, and the cost of their ships is
$13,120,000 in gold.
This company is largely aided by the French
Government, having received an advance in
way of a loan of 53,000,000, payable in ten
years without interest. Their total annual
receipts are $4,600,000, of which $1,000,000
is paid by the French Government as a direct
subsidy. Their receipts derived from their
trade with Now York, as shown above, is con-
stantly increasing. The cost of those New
York trips have not exceeded each $25,000,
showing immense profits, and yet thenetprolits
of this French company is probably less on the
capital invested than of other European lines
engaged in our trade.
These important, statistics of these European
lino* are Muled not oui of hostility lo them, but
in order. Mr. President,lo awaken an American
sentiment in Congress to imitate the example
of our great commercial rivals.
Will it be jiaid, sir, that v.'e have not the
means to enter upon the arena of commercial
malry ; that our private capital is insufficient
lor this contest? Sir, these foreign steamship
lines were not established by private enterprise
alone, but were, and still are, liberally subsi-
dize! by their respective Governments, lint
besides these subsidies those companies re-
ceived larne loans of money and credit from
their respective Governments, without which
they could never have established their lines.
In regard to governmental aid the history of
the French lino is, in the main, the history of
them all.
How long, sir, will Congress refuse to come
to the rud of our citizens in redeeming our own
trade fiom these intoh-iahlo buidens, and to
vindicate our national honor from this com-
mercial degradation? We do not ask for sub-
sidies in money, but in the way pointed out iu
this bill, without embarrassment to our over-
taxed Treasury, and iu a manner effectual to the
success of this American enterprise.
But, Mr. President, 1 have not done with
.statistics. The Senate will bear with me while
1 plead with them for the welfare of the South,
and that, too. in a manner compatible with the
common wealth of the whole Union.
In 1809 these great European lines, plyiug
between New York and English, German, and
Prussian ports, introduced into our country
258,000 immigrants; and since 1804 there have
arrived through the same lines, 1,350,000 in
the United States. By a sound principle of
political economy each of these immigrants may
lie estimated worth to our country $1,000 irre-
spective of the capital brought with them—
making the aggregate of $1,050,000,000, which
would distribute nearly thirty-four dollars to
each of our forty million inhabitants!
Of this vast army of immigrants all but thirty
thousand have settled in the northern and
northwestern States, and of this latter number
only three hundred have come to my own State,
while twenty-two thousand have gone to the
State of Iowa and one hundred and eleven
thousand to Illinois; while correspondingly
large numbers have gone to other western
States.
On the basis before state,1 this circs nearly to the
northern and western States the sum ot'$l,&!0,000.000
And to thebouthern State! the sum of... 30,000,000
And to lay own (state the sum of  300,000
Sir, we do not complain of these results. We
would not strike a single brilliant from tho
northern crown; wo would not impede the
onward and upward course of our sister States;
but we do ask to participate in this common
heritage of the Republic.
Tho immigration which upon the establish-
ment of an American line of steamships to south-
ern Europe would come to the southern States
would be drawn from Spain, southern France,
Italy, Switzerland, southern Germany, Aus-
tria, and tho Christian provinces of Turkey.
For want of such a line to the United Statos
large numbers go annually, as beforo stated,
into South America and Australia. In 1869
ten thousand people emigrated from Switzer-
land, and only fivo thousand came to this coun-
try, but not one to the southern States.
Over four hundred thousand people emi-
grated from France and Italy during the past
five years, andol these none came to the United
States, for lack of direct means of transport-
ation, but wero carried by cheap steam trans-
portation to Brazil, La Plata, Buenos Ayrcs,
Montevideo, to Africa, and other countries to
which steamship lines ply regularly from Italy
and France.
Mr. President, is it not palpable that a large
part of this emigration from southern Europe
could be turned in upon the South if an Ameri-
can line of steamships like that contemplated
in this bill were established ; and will Senators
doubt, that a largo majority of those emigrants
would prefer to come among us if cheap and
comfortable passage were provided for them?
Why should they not come to our shores?
Surely our country hoKls out, to them fur
stronger inducements than can bo offered in
any of the countries before named to which
they now emigrate.
\Vliy should not the French peoplo prefer l,o
emigrate into the rich and grand valley of the
Father of Waters, first settled by their own
race, where they would meet the descendants
ofa noble common ancestry, and wliero thegeo-
graphical nomenclature of the country would
continually remind them that they wero in the
land of their own countrymen ? They would
find a hearty welcome from our citizens, many
of whom are the descendants of tho early French
pioneers of tho great valley.
Tho descendants of tho Huguenot French
colonists are among the best citizens of Virginia,
and the Catholic French, who colonized Louisi-
ana, number their descendants by thousands.
Tho Italian?, too, with their industry and frugal
habits, handed down in their posterity, arc si ill
found on the Mississippi iu tho samo Slate,
around Lake Pontcliartrain, and below Now
Orleans the sailors of the lake and river, and
tho market gardeners of the city, descended
from a colony of Italians planted there nearly a
century ago. in Texas the southern Germans
iu later years, by slow and tedious passage by
sailing ships, have come and colonized to the
number of several thousands. How would this
colony have flourished had direct communica-
tion by steam been offered us by the ships of
this lino ? IIow with the colony of Moravians
from Austria, who settled iu North Carolina,
and whose industry and frugal habits, honesty
and thrift, have made them a credit to'the
State that calls them sons and daughters.
Without direct communication for many years
these people keep in remembrance tho kin and
blood in fatherland, and look to the day when
steamships from Genoa may arrive at Norfolk
with peoplo of their blood and faith to come
with them and swell tho population and wealth
of that great State.
During the last six years the mail money of
tho United States has averaged tho sum of
$500,000, paid as an annual subsidy to these
foreign steamship lines.
From tho present postal arrangements of
the Government this amount has been nom-
inally greatly reduced; yet from the increased
postage the aggregate amount of our postal
earnings will probably not fall greatly below
the amount last; mentioned. Whatever the
amount may be, it-wiil go to swell the profits
of those foreign companies and indirectly take
the same from our own citizens. From this
large annual expenditure the South; derives no
special benefit beyond that enjoyed in common
with the whole country. But more than this,
$050,000 are annually drawn from the public
Treasury to sustain the Pacific steamship line
and the line to Brazil; in which, besides tho
common advantage to the whole country, the
South has no interest except to bear her part
of this expenditure. Of this we do not com-
plain. We only ask of the Government that
tho commerce of the South may come in for its
share of its commercial patronage—sharing
alike with the North.
Now, may not my State and the other south-
ern States in good faith ask of Congress that
this postal money so paid to foreign steamship
lines shall be given indireotly and by tho equiv-
alent mode provided in this bill to an American
steamship line, owned and ma'nagod by our own
people, and sailing from the ports of Norfolk
and Port Royal in common with New York, so
that hereafter the benefits-from emigration and
direct trade with Europe may inure, to the com-
mon welfare of all the States of tho Union?
Surely there can be but an, affirmative an-
swer to this question, and,especially so sinco
my own State and the other States whose inter-
ests are identical seek not to deplete the public
Treasury ofa single dollar, and only ask, under
the provisions of the bill, that the Government,
as trustee, shall pay the interest and principal
of the bonds of the company, holding as an
indemnity our State bonds to an equal amount,
together with a mortgage upon the steamships
of the company, giving thereby to the Govern-
ment the most ample security. 1
On account of our present embarrassment
it may be said iu relation to some of our S'tate
bonds that in tho market they are below par ;
but it is presumed no Senator will undertake
to discredit our States under the new order of
things opening upon us iu connection with the
legitimate results of this company, upon the
speedy development of our unbounded natural
wealth, or to pretend that the Government
will not ho perfectly secured under the pro-
visions of tho bill to pay tho interest and prin-
cipal of tho company's bonds as aforesaid. On
tho other hand, there is every reason to believe
that under the wise and liberal legislation of
Congress sought by the Mediterranean and
Oriental Steam Navigation Company our State
bonds will soon take rank in the market with
those of any of the northern States.
i presume, Mr. President, that Senators will
believe me when I declare my own State to be
loyal to tho Union, and that she will not im-
pute to the northern States a devotion less sin-
cere, or presume to believe them so recreant
to the honor and welfare of the Republic as to
disparage in any way the credit of any of the
sovereign States of the American Union. 1
would not trouble the Senate with this remark
did it not relate to the very life-feature of tho
bill. In tho name of Arkansas—and I believe
other Senators from tho southern States will
concur with me—T ask the North and the West
to believe me when I declare my confidence in
the ability of tho southern States under a
generous and liberal policy of Congress to lift
themselves to a higher elevation and pros-
perity than ever before, and with the other
States to press onward in the advancement of
the civilization and welfare of the United States.
in this connection I feel a just pride in
referring to the late action of my own State in
nobly vindicating her financial honor by fund-
ing her State obligations, some of which, in
strict legal contemplation, she was not bound
to recognize. Not a stain remains upon the
escutcheon of her State honor. Arkansas,
sir, in lier proud position in the Union, in
her genial climate and varied productions, iu
