1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ftind do«« not teem to bar® vnderetood 017
proposition. Hi* resolution " in the fur-
ther execution of the orders of the House."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No; "order."
Mr. J nI>D. There was an order of the 4th
day of February which inaugurated this pro-
ceeding. There was a subsequent resolution,
introduced by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr Shanks,') which relates to another class
of officers. If, then, he changes hi* resolu-
tion so as to limit the investigation under the
original order he does not by implication
repeal the resolution introduced by the gen-
tleman from Indiana. [Mr. Suaxks.]
Mr. GAKFlELD, ot Ohio. Then the ^en-
tleman wishes me to insertthe words "ot the
4th of February" alter the words "order of
the House.''
Mr. JUDD. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am quite will-
ing to modify the resolution by inserting those
words, and will do so; and I now demand the
previous question on the resolution as modi tied.
The resolution, as modified, was read, as
follows:
Rntivrd. That ia the further execution ef the
order <>t' the Howe ef February 4, lafTO. the Cow-
aaittee on Military Affairs be initructed to eontinue
their investigations of all purchase! or sales of
njcrtips !>>• any pmon who has been elected at
a member or Delegate of the House et Representa-
tives of tiie Forty - First Congress, or by any person
who holds any executive or judicial office under the
Government of tbe Vnited States.
Mr. Jl'DD. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a further suggestion?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 will hear it.
Mr. Jl'DD. After limiting it to the order
of tbe -itb of February, tbe part of the reso-
lution which relates to executive and judicial
officers is entirely unnecessary, because by no
construction can the resolution repeal the
other resolution that has been adopted in rela-
tion to executive officers.
Mr. GAKFlELD, of Ohio. I think the
word " further" ought to be stricken out.
Mr. COBB, of Wlsconsiu. I desire to say a
word in reply to the remark of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. [Mr. ScoFiEhD. J I do not
know why gentlemen take the interest tbey do in
this matter. The committee have strictly carried
out the order of the Honse. They have devoted
their attention principally to the investigation
of charges made against members of the pres-
et) t Congress; bu t as the i nstruct ions in the reso-
lution nnder which tbey were acting embraced
members of former Congresses t hey have neces-
sarily heard some testimony applying to mem-
bers of former Congresses. As I sakl awhile
ago, some portions oft hat testimony have got
into the publie prints, in what manner 1 do not
know; but it is well known to every member
of the House that the reporters do get hold of
matters of this kind and publish them. Some
gentlemen who have occupied positions on this
floor in former Congresses, having heard of
these report', having beard that men had
appeared before the committee and testified to
facts implicating them, have appeared here and
introduced testimony to rebut the charges to
some extent. In other cases they have written
to members desiring that those witnesses should
be recalled, and that they should have an oppor-
tunity of appearing before the committee and
cross-examining them and introducing testi-
mony to disprove or to rebnt those damaging
fact? or circumstances which have been nrgea
against them. Now, sir, I am unwilling to
have, and I will earnestly protest against this
Honse so modifying the original order as to
make it improper for the committee to hear
such testimony and such explanation ■ when
any of these gentlemen shall come forward
and express a desire to have it done. As I
understand the resolution now pending, it will
cut off such privilege, and deprive the com-
mittee of the power to continue these investi-
gation*.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask !
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield) a
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. 1 desire to nsk
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] if
' his resolution is not retroactive so far as the
officers of the Government are concerned?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think it is.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Did the gentle-
man so intend ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I modified ray
resolution at the suggestion of my colleague,
[Mr. BlMOHAM.j
Mr. BANKS. I think there is great justice
ia what has been said by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Cobb,] who is a member of
the Coniaiitteo on Military Affairs, that there
should be some remedy in cases which have
been partly heard. But that remedy can bo
supplied by the committee; they cau report
that the rumors which have got into the papers
are without foundation, and should not be
credited. In regard to members of the pres-
ent Congress, and persons now in office under
the Government, we have a remedy; and I
thiuk we should limit the action of the commit-
tee to the cases where we have a remedy. But.
there would be great injustice in entering iuto
investigations where we have no remedy; aud
that applies to all members of past Congresses.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now insist
upon my call for the previous question.
Mr. FAKNSVVOR'l H. If tbe previous ques-
tion should not be seconded, will it then be
in order to move to rescind so much of the
original resolution as applies to members of
former Congresses?
The SPEAKER. It will b« in order.
Mr. FARNSWORl'H. Then I hope the
previous question will not be seconded.
The previous question was then seconded ;
there being, upon a division—ayes 8fi, noes 26.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon agreeing to the motion of Mr. Logan
to amend the resolution of Mr. Garfield of
Ohio, by adding to it the following:
Pre*id«d, That nothing contained in this resolution
•hall be construed to prevent thesaid committee con-
tinuing and completing the investigation* already
commenced.
The question was taken upon the amendment;
and upon a division there were—ayes 86, noes
30. 1
Before the resolt of the vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM said: Let us have the yeas
and nays on this amendment.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were fourteen in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask for tellers upon
agreeing to this amendment.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-three in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of a quorum) tellers were ordered.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 80, noes 35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution, which had been amended to read as
follows:
lietolved. That in the execution of the order of the
notweof February 4,1870, the Committee on Military
Aflair^ be instructed to continue their investigation
of tbe alleged purchases or sales of cadetships by any
person who has been electcd to the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Forty-First Congress, or by any
person who holds any executive or judicial office
under the Government of tbo United States: >Vo-
vided. That nothing contained in this resolution shall
be construed to prevent the saidcommiltee from con-
tinuing and completing the investigations already
commenced.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am opposed to selecting
three or four men for prosecution and allowing
all the rest to escape. I therefore move that
this resolution be laid on the table.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 62, noos 63.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SCOFIELD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. u
The question was then taken by yens and
nays j and it was decided in the negative—yens
64, nays 98, not voting f>8; us follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Atvrood, Banks,
Beainan, Benjamin, Biggs. Binglmm. Bird. BUur,
J iimrn Brooks, Jiuok. Buckley,Cessna,Clurke.Cowlc i,
Crebs. Cullom, Dox, Famswortli, Ferry, Haldeui.iu,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawlcy. Hay, Hour, Heme, Ki I-
sey, Kerr, Knapp, Uiwrenee, Marshall, Aliiynar I,
MoCrary, MoKoo, Morour, J esse 11. Moore, Muiann,
Morphia, Negley, Paine, Perec, Phelps, Puller, liico,
Rogers,Sargent,Sawyer,Senile Id, Lionel A..Sheldon.
John A. Smith, Wort hingtnu C. Siuith, St ark went Iter.
Stevens,Stokes, Tilluian, Twichell, Van Aiiken.Yan
Horn, Welkor, John '1'. Wilson, W inane, and Wood-
ward—At.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Aiuell,
Asper, Axtcll.Beatty.Bcck,Boyd.UeorgoM. Brook*.
jiuUinton, Itureliard, Burden, Calkin, Chiiii-luil,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Colmrn, Cook, Con-
fer, Diokiusoii. Donley, Dyer, lCla, Kldridgu, L et 11:
inkuluburg, Fox, Uartlcld, Uoti, tiriswold, Hum
bleton, llaiiiill, Hawkins. Hay, lleuton, llcllin, Hill,
Holman, Hooper, llotnhkiss, Ingersoll, Jencki*,
Johnson, Alexander 11. Jones,Thomas I,. Jones, lvel-
logg, Ketcham, Knott. Liillin, Lash, Logim, Lougu-
riuge. MeCormick, Mcllrew. -McKcuzic, Me.Veelv.
Kliakim H, Moore. William Monte, Samuel 1'. Mor-
rill, Mungen, Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Orili, Pack-
ard, Palmer, Peters. Poineroy. Prosser, Randall,
Heading, Reeves, Sehuninkcr, Shanks, shei rod, Slo-
cum, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Stiles, Stone, Stoughton, Strong, Swiiim,
Tulle, Townsend, Trim bio, Tyner, Van Trump, Yum -
i heea, Cadwaliuler C. Washburn, William I!. Wn>h-
burn.Willard,Williams, Kugone M.Wiloon, W ileher,
and Wood—lJS.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Armstrong, Aycr, Bailey,
Barnum. Bennett, Benton, Boles, Booker, Hou-eu,
Burr, Benjamin F.Butler,Roderick K. Butler. Cake,
Cleveland, Covode, Cox, Davis. l)awes, Dickey,
Dixon, Doekory, Duvnl, Fisher. Fitch, Uibson, (!il-
lillan, llaifflil, Hale, Judd, Julian, Kellcy, Lynch,
May ham, McCarthy, Milnes, Daniel J. Morrell.Mor-
rissey, Packer, Piatt, Poland,Porter, Ridgway.Rout *.
Sanlord, Schenck, Porter Sheldon,Stevenson. Str.i-
der,Strickland,Sweeney, Tanner, (jpson.Yan Wyck,
Ward, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson, ami Winches-
ter—fW.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the proviso was adopted.
Mr. MORGAN. I am satisfied that there is
a misunderstanding on the part of this House
as to tbe question now ponaing.
The SPEAKER. There can be no debate
except by unanimous consent.
! Mr. MORGAN. I ask unanimous consent
to make a statement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, there have
been before the Committee on Military Affairs
oertavn cases relative to gentlemen who were
members of past Congresses. No final action
has been taken by the committee relative to
any one of those cases. The effect of the pro-
viso would be to require the committee to go
on and prosecute the inquiry in the few cases
of ex-members already before it to the exclu-
sion of the cases of a great many more persons
who as members of former Congresses might
be made the subject of similar charges. It
strikes me that if the House requires the com-
mittee thus to proceed great injostice will be
done. I ask the House upon what principle it
would require the committee to proceed with
the investigation as regards two or three or
four ex-members, while ignoring altogether the
cases of others who may be liable to similar
charges?
I wish to submit one other suggestion. If
the door be thrown open for an inquiry relative
to persons who have belonged to former Con-
gresses, it may involve an investigation in
regard to individuals who are now dead or who
are absent from the country and hence have no
opportunity to defend themselves. I hope that
the motion to reconsider will prevail, and that
the investigations of tbe committee may be
limited to members of the present Congress.
Mr, LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like
to say a few words on this question.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only
by unanimous consent,
objection.
The Chair hears no
