1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
41st Cojto....2d Sess.
Miscellaneous Appropriation Bill—Mr. Beck.
Ho. of Beps.
and with injury to the bottom of the boat was
arrested at the head of Des Moines rapids for
want of water. The value of the commerce
passing both rapids at that time was given at
$50,000,000 annually.
Though Engineer Cook <Joes not in this
report allude to the increased mill power at St.
Anthony falls, arising from the reservoirs, yet
incidentally it is of great value, doubling the
quantity in a low times, the increase,* six
thousand feet per second, being equal at St.
Anthony to the water power, mathematically
ascertained, of three Lowells!
If the plan of reservoirs had been adopted
according to the views of Mr. Penfield, the
expense, §114,3-18, might have saved the appro-
priations for Kock Island and Des Moines
rapids, which from 1865 to the present time
have been §2,180,000, and requiring still fur-
ther to complete the works before they can be
used; besides the expense incideut to dredg-
ing the bars on the upper Mississippi in a dis-
tance of six hundred and sixty-five miles be-
tween the Missouri and St. Anthony, another
considerable item.
Conventions have been held from time to
time touching the improvement of the great
river and tributary connections, and now when
it is proposed to unite the Father of Waters two
thousand miles from the mouth with the great
lakes by an enlarged water-way, the New York
State central committee of the Commercial
Union, Nathaniel Sands, president, has issued
a call for a meeting on the 15th of July, at Roch-
ester, of all the members of the Union and all
persons in the State interested in the develop-
ment of external and internal commerce and
the improvement of the canals. The Governors
of the western and northwestern States have
been invited to be present and take part in
discussing the Wisconsin and Pox river im-
provement and water communication between
' the Mississippi and the lakes.
This connecting link between the lakes and
the Mississippi would be of greatly enhanced
value from the contemplated reservoirs, keep-
ing up a good stage of water at all times in
the Mississippi, allowing the products of a
large part of the slope of country between the
Rocky mountains and the Mississippi fortiaa-
sit through this link to the lakes.
I am not aware that any one ever proposed
the improvement of the navigation of the
upper Mississippi in low water specially and
directly from these lake reservoirs until the
subject was brought to the attention of Con-
gress by Mr. Penfield in 1864. I trust that the
engineers having charge of the upper Missis-
sippi will pursue the surveys in the region of
these lakes, and at no distant day Congress
will make the small appropriation required to
supply water as proposed by Mr. Penfield.
Miscellaneous Appropriation Bill.
SPEECH OF HON. J. 13. BECK,
ok kentucky,
In tee House of Representatives.
July 1-1, 18T0,
On the report of the committee of ce*ifercnce on ihc
bill '.II. It. No. 2J 65) making appropriations forsun-
diy civil expense* of the Government for the yc^r
ending June 30, 1571, and for other purposes.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, perhaps there is
nothing connected with congressional legisla-
tion about which the people of the country are
so nervously anxious, and about which the
dominant party by its resolves in convention,
through its party leaders, its President, and Ms
official advisers, has been so profuse in its
pledges, proclamations, and professions as a.
rigidly economical expenditure of the money
of the people with which they are intrusted.
Corruption, extravagance, reckless expendi-
ture, unjust, unequal, and extortionate taxa-
tion was charged and admitted to pervade and
control the management of Federal affairs
during the last presidential campaign, and
promises of reform, retrenchment, honesty,
and economy were lavishly made as the sure
result of the election of General Grant.
We have now reached a point at the close
of the first fiscal year of the first session of
Congress to which the estimates of the Admin-
istration are submitted, and from which gen-
eral appropriations are required, fo see and un-
derstand not only what has been done, but what
is-proposed to be accomplished in the way of
redeeming these pledges of economy, retrench-
ment, and reform; and I feel warranted by the
facts in asserting that every pledge made and
every assurance given by the dominant parly
of economy, honesty, and frugality have been
utterly diregarded, and that not only has there
been no diminution of the admitted wasteful
and corrupt expenditure of former years, but
the year which closed on the 30th of'.June' last
exceeds in every element of wasteful expendi-
ture that which preceded it, while the demands
for the current lisealyeur, just began, not only
gives no promise of improvement, but proves
the reverse.
I do not propose to rely on my own state
ments to sustain these charges, but expect to
prove them by the official statements of the
Secretary of the Treasury, whose duty it is to
manage, control, and keep Congress advised as
to all these matters. He certified to Congress,
when we met in December last, that the regular
appropriations made for the expenditures of
the year ending June 30, J870, (sec book of
estimates,) were as follows :
Total recapitulation by Department*.
Legislative department  fiO
Executive proper  19,500 00
Department of State    1,2W«U t)U
Treasury Deportment  15t3,t/£>,OKS on
Interior Department  Po
War Department  ! 88
Navy Department  3-3,1)5(3,0^0 uO
Agricultural Department  HI 440 UO
Post Office Department  Sl,:>7<!,fiM 00
Judicial department  ol8,10U (JO
Grand tot:i1 o-Sl,-J15,2So 01
Failing to state, as he was by law required
to do, the amount of money in the Treasury
oi>the 1st day of July, 1800, which was appli-
cable to the expenses of the various Depart-
ments for the fiscal year commencing July 1,
1860, and ending June 30, 1870, this House
on my motion adopted the following ivsblu-
tion—I omit the long preamble—which sets
fonh the laws and his failure to comply with
them:
" Resolved, That the Secretnrv of (he Treasury be,
and. is hereby, directed tuiurnish thit fiouoe, ."c.-oon
a,j popsiblo, with a full statement oi nil unexpended
balances in each of the bianehe;of each Dejiaitmcnt
on the 301,h day of June, 18WJ, estun itini? the sums
which %vill be required to defrav the oxpen'-o.-; in-
curred in previous veers and showing al-o thewhoie
amount whvh he estimate- will be snbjeo' to the
disposition oi Congress tor the year 1870-11." j
To I hat. resolution the Secretary of ihoTreas- I
ury made the following lvph. on the 21^1 day
of February, 1870: |
Trkaschy Dr.rarrmrxi, r\u,'wwu J, l'C\ 1
Sjn: In reply to House resolution of IVbiu.iry 12, ;
1S70, I have the honor to t.ansmit hcrov'th a ♦'tatc-
n-ci.tof the balances unexpended on the SUfhdav of j
June, L0/!), .--howincr also the amounts esnua.ed .is j
necessary to complete the sci vieu of the earren! fi-caj ,
year, the amounts which may bt applied in ,iia of :
the service of the ir x? fiscal year, and the amount^ I
which may be earned to the fund June i
1S'0, CnOP.CLH S. BOUTWELT,,
Ate leUnji.
Hon. JjicsO. Bi.unr,
&L>e>tb:r /IOUK "/
The recapitulation of the statement of these
balances, as made by the Secretary, is as fol-
lows:
5- §. 3 g =• 3- 5- g
? J 5 I 8 5 2 ; !
t?
2 35,
° § S
^ ^ p
C> Cr> CT>
s ^ ^
I 4- o
M c: o -1 ^
h-1 CO
CO -1 O <-0 CO
tr- 1^ O l~* O '
w 3 o o
Ci O lO -T CT> O
'-0 O CO O
IO C iO CO Oi l-
l-p CO -T C
-r CD -T
W -| OJ
c. 4-~-
co q
os
&iq " ®
cnrvo a i
5= 'A
COVJ
.<=•    3 a
^
on ^ a
^3 S.o-B
• <"5 ©
S3 a
i- ©    
I'ZZ g
• o Jo
It will thus be seen that there was in the
Treasury to the credit of certain Departments of
the Government, m addition to the $281,415,-
238 til appropriated by Congress, the sum of
S102,£00,150 r>7, nil of which, except $3.2*20,-
u->'2, making $04,807,520 44, the Secietary es-
timates v.'ouh], in addition to th« appropriations
of ^281.415.^88 01, be expended during the
jeai nniSin^ June 00, 1870.
In addition to all thivS, wc have already passed
deficiency billy {'mounting in the aggregate to
iibout. 1^1 *>,000.000, to be applied to the expend-
itures of the year just closed, and it is pei fectly
certain thm from ^3.000.000 to $5,000,000 more
cc stmilar deli^iencins will have to be provided
\rbs-n wo mec-' in December. Wc;started vvi;h
;i deiicu n"y b'll of $2,400,000, and the country
was congratulated on the smallness of it as
com})ared v\ It li formcrdeficiencies; that became
nearly $4,500,000 heiore it passed the Senate,
and it was followed by the naval deficiency, the
custom-house, the contingencies tor the House
of Jlenrnvcutativef. the census, I/'es Moines
iiapu!':. tcc.. till, as I said, it is now §13,000,000,
and growing mindly.
The appropriations and funds applicable for
expenditure during the fiscal year just ended
