1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1621
Jir, LOGAN. I offered the proviso at the
suggestion of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[ Jlr. Cobb. ] In presenting this question to the
House this morning I did not wish to offer a
resolution; but if I had known that this gen-
eral discussion would ensue I would have sub-
mitted a resolution in accordance with the
views, as I understood them, of the majority
of the committee. The gentleman from Wis-
consin is desirous that one of his constituents,
whom some of the testimony affects, may have
an opportunity to explain the matter and vindi-
cate himself. Without saying that there is any
testimony before the committee showing crim-
inality on his part, it is only natural and proper
that he should desire an opportunity to excul-
pate himself.
But, sir, 1 wish to state ray view of the power
of Cougress in an investigation of this kind. I
give it simply as my own opinion j the House
will of course take it for what it is worth. In
the investigation which I have made in refer-
ence to the action in former cases I do not
find any precedent or authority for an investi-
gation by this House concerning the conduct
of an ex-member, or concerning anything that
may have been dose in a former Congress.
This body may have jurisdiction of the act, but
it certainly has aot jurisdiction of the person.
My own opinion is that it is not just that we
as a committee shoo Id be compelled to invest-
igate into the acts of men who are not here,
who cannot be hero to defend themselves—men
who, perhaps, may be in England, or France,
or China, and who have no notice of the charges
against them, or men who may be dead.
Let me give an instance. I have in my pos-
aessioB a letter charging a certain man with
having sold a cadetship when he was a mem-
ber of Congress a great many years ago s and
this letter gives the name3 of witnesses. Upon
investigation I find that the man has been dead
for five years. Now, I say that so lar as I am
concerned I do not wish to be made an instru-
ment for throwing dirt npon the character of
that man, and thereby involving in disgrace
the family that he has left behind. I da not
intend to be made the instrument for doing
such a thing if I can avoid it. Yet that is a
case which we would be com pellet to investi-
gate under the original resolution. I do not
know whether the man is guilty or not; but I
do not think it right that an investigation of
that kind should proceed under such circum-
stances.
There is another view of this matter to which.
I would call attention. Suppose that we go on
and investigate concerning the conduct of ex-
members as well as those now belonging to this
House; and suppose we should present our
. report implicating eight o? ten ex-members,
but only a very few of our own body. If such
action were taken as it is proposed, the natural
conclusioa would be that this committee was
instituted for the purpose of hunting up tome*
body not belonging to this body for the pur-
pose of blackening his reputation, while those
who belong to that body were to go clear of
all investigation. That weald be the natural
conclusion, but such is not the desire of the
committee. We do not desire to investigate
the cases of persons not belonging to this body.
It seems to me it would be unjust to all such
persons. They may be guilty, and if so the
country ought to know it. That is all true, but
it is equally true and just that they should have
some opportunity to defend themselves against
any charges made against them. I do not
believe there is any tribunal or any court in
the world which can c'enaure a man or impose
penalties upon him or examine into his con-
duet unless it has jurisdiction of the person
bo charged. We must have jurisdiction of
the person in order to apply any penalty to
him. If we have no jurisdiction over the
person, I do not think there is any justice in
our continuing oar investigation into their con-
duct. As I have said, I yielded to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Cobb j] but I trust that it will not be adopted,
but that the House will pass the resolution as
it was offered by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order,
that this debate is all out of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is ont of order,
and what has taken place has proceeded only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. After what has
been said I ask unanimous consent of the House
to say one word by way of explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I wish to offer a few suggestions
which are to some extent in answer to what
has been said in favor of reconsidering the
vote by which this amendment was passed.
It is perhaps immodest in me to ask this per-
mission, since the chairman of the committee
has spoken in favor of reconsidering his own
amendment; but inasmuch as he has stated
to the House that he offered the amendment
at my suggestion, I may be pardoned, per-
haps, for doing so. A fair proposition will
generally commend itself to the sense of fair-
ness of anybody to whom it may be submitted,
and 1 put it to the honorable members of the
House whether this proposition of mine does
not commend itself to their sense of fairness
and justice. It is within the knowledge of
every man in this House that in acting calmly
on this great question we instructed the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to do two things.
One was to inquire into the conduct of mem-
bers of this Congress in respect to this charge
of corruption in the disposition of this patron-
age in the appointment of cadets to West
Point and Annapolis, and the other was to
inquire into the conduct of members of pre-
vious Congresses in the same respect. The
committee went to work in good faith to obey
this order of the House embracing these two
duties. In the course of the investigation
they commenced to inquire into the conduct
of members of former Congresses. I may
venture to say, without violating the rules of
the House in reference to what has occurred
in that committee, that not more than three or
four who are not members of this House have
been implicated at all in this investigation.
Some three or four members of former Con-
gresses have been implicated by the testimony
which has been adduced before the committee.
Now,- gentlemen come in here and propose to
stop that investigation half way, to stop right
where the enemies of o man who were permit-
ted to come before Congress have made up a
case against him, have produced the ex parte
testimony necessary to'damage his character,
and which, unquestioned and unexplained may
be liable to be brought up against him here-
after and in the face of his children. I say
that it is unjust for this House or this commit-
tee to stop any case which has been begun
without affording some opportunity at least to
the person charged, or some friend of his, to
present exculpating statements, and, if possi-
ble, to present testimony which will disprove
the entire charge. My friend, the chairman
of the committee, has made the statement
which I presume has gone into the report of
our proceedings of the House, and my sense
of duty requires upon this floor to let it be
known just what he meant by his allusion.
Mr. POTTER. If I understand the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, he states there are charges
before the committee partially investigated, in
which the persons charged desire there shall
be a fall investigation.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I do say that.
I propose to styte something which may not
be exactly in ordter: but I believe it to be just
and right to do so. The gentleman from Illinois,
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
has stated that I have made this effort in behalf
of one of my constituents. I confess that is
true. I entered upon the investigation in the
discharge of my duty as a member of this com-
mittee—and I believe every gentleman who
hears me will give me credit for truth when I
say so in perfect good faith, not expecting
that it would implicate any gentleman in whom
Ihad any special interest. But unfortunately
about the first, if not the very first testimony
which was introduced before the committee,
was testimony implicating a gentleman, now a
constituent of mine, who was a member of the
Fortieth Congress from one of the districts in
the State of Alabama. He is a gentleman who
has always stood as well in the district where
he lives and among his neighbors as any con-
stituent that I have. He entered the service
at the commencement of the war and fought
gallantly in many of the most important bat-*
ties; and he was carried off the field of Get-
tysburg^ as every one supposed to his grave.
But having extraordinary vitality he recovered
and served in the Army after that, and was
afterward, as I have said, elected a mem-
ber of this House from tie State of Alabama.
This testimony implicates the gentleman to
whom I allude, inasmuch as men came before
the committee and swore point blank that he
sold a cadetship to a man in this city for his
boy. I obtained the permission of the com-
mittee to inform him of the charges against
him. I wrote to him, and having stated gen-
erally the nature of the charges, inquired what
he had to say in his own justification. In doing
this I took the course which I think any mem-
ber similarly situated would feel called upon to
take. He wrote to me that he never received
money for this appointment, that when he ap-
pointed the boy he was represented to him to be
a native of his district in Alabama, having been
born at a place called Estell's Falls, and that at
the same time one of the men who swore against
him made a payment of money which he had
borrowed some time before. And he sent to
me papers, which I have in my desk, and which,
in ray opinion, to a great extent corroborate
and substantiate what he stated to me. Among
other papers he sends me a letter purporting
to be written by the boy's father, giving his
residence, and asking this appointment for him
as a constituent, without regard to money or
anything of that kind. On receiving those
papers I applied to the committee to be allowed
to recall the witnesses and cross-examine them
in the light thrown uf>on the transaction by
this letter from ray friend and constituent.
The gentlemen of the committee said, " Very
well; you 6hall have the opportunity you
want; all the witnesses reside here, and can
be called at any time. But do not let us occupy
our time with that now. Here are charges
against men who are at this moment members
of Congress. Let us examine them first, and
in due time you shall have an opportunity of
bringing baek these witnesses and of subject-
ing them to cross-examination, and giving your
constituent the benefit of whatever you may
establish."
Such is the position of the case I have re-
ferred to, when this proposition is brought
in, ^hich would have the effect of stopping
the investigation right here. I confess JL am
prompted to speak by the interest I take ia
my constituent and late colleague, as a Repre-
sentative in the last Congress from Alabama.
But I nevertheless feel at the. same tiara that
though acting particularly in the interest of:
one man, the course I advocate is the J>r peB
one, and such as will commend itself to the
sense of justice and propriety of every member
of the House.
I do not care particularly about Kby of the
other cases. But there are other Cases, and
some which may possibly have some polit-
ical significance in some sections. And I would
say in closing, that for my part I am in favor
of the square, honest, straightforward course,
no matter whom it may strike. We have got
a mass of testimony before the committee, and
if any gentleman wishes that that testimony
shall be kept in the dark and never see the
light, I say that I do not sympathize with any
such notion. I am in favor of its all coming
