1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5397
How extremely liberal Senators have become
with other people's money, when withoutreason
they are ready to bestow it upon a person who
is as ind«p_endent as themselves ! It has not
been, and will not be contended, that Mrs.
Lincoln needs t.lie money; but it has been
hinted that she ought to have it in order that
her charities might take a wider range. This
Government does not require an agent to dis-
pense its charity. Congress has undertaken
that otllce, and it is a business that should not
be branched in the present condition of the
Treasury. If our benefactions are to he ex-
tended to the poor of Europe, I insist that we
have commercial agents in that country who
can disburse the funds, and that Mrs. Lincoln
should not be incumbered with the task. If it
is believed that display will contribute to indi-
vidual or national respectability, 1 beg gentle-
men to remember that Benjamin Franklin in
his Quaker dress was received at the politest
Court of Europe and treated with as much con-
sideration as ever was extended to a minister
from this or any other land.
Three of our Presidents have died during
their term of service, and in each instance, 1
believe, Congress voted one year's salary to
their wives. When that proposition was intro-
duced on the death of President Harrison it
led to a serious debate, and the speeches which
were made in its support, as I remember them,
were more like apologies for the stretch of
power than arguments to establish its rightful
exercise. One of the best was delivered by John
Pope, of Kentucky, who closed his remarks by
a quotation from Tristam Shandy, to the effect
that if it was a sin the accusing spirit bearing
it to Heaven's chancery would blush as he
handed it in and the recording angel, when he
had written it down, would drop a tear upon
it and blot it out forever.
Now, what, is there in the peculiar circum-
stances of this case that authorizes a greater
stretch of power and demands an ampler pro-
vision ? Harrison and Taylor had spent their
lives in the public service ; they had sigualized
their devotion to the country by encounter-
ing its foes, whether British, Indian, or Mexi-
can, upon the bloody field. Whether amid the
storms of the north, or under the scorching heat
of a southern sun, t.key steadfastly pursued the
line of duty. Their wives, it is true, were
domestic ladies, and did not choose to travel
in Europe. If Mrs. Lincoln chooses to do so, I
am the last man here or elsewhere who would
criticise her taste ; but I am the very last mail
who would tax the people for its indulgence.
The circumstances attending the introduc-
tion of this measure are extraordinary. No
petition pleads the necessity of the applicant;
no proof has been filed to establish a single
fact showing the justice or even the benevo-
lence of the appropriation. If it is a charity
that you are about to bestow, it is an import-
ant element of that virtue that your own purses
should meet the draft for the monf^y. The
labor of the country is already tottering under
the heavy burdens that you have placed upon
it. The good old State of North Carolina has
a circulation of less than one dollar to the
inhabitant; and is she to be called upon for a
part of that, in order that Mrs. Lincoln may
give more freely to the beggars of Europe ?
Much has been said of late about economy,
and it is as necessary to good Government as
it is to the health and comfort and respect-
ability of a private family. If gentlemen are
serious in their professions, let them begin the
work. Let them bear it constantly in mind
that all their extravagant appropriations and
wasteful expenditures are drawn from the toil
and the overtaxed energies of the people.
Mr. FENTON. I do not desire, Mr. Pres-
ident, to enter upon this discussion. Of all
the questions that have come before us it
seems to me that this least deserves the ocm-
tiiet of debate, it is a delicate matter, in regard
to which each Senator can, in the utmost iiu.et
of spirit, reach a decision. I think the facts
relating to the pecuniary condition of Mrs.
Lincoln are at present very different from what
may be inferred from the report of the com-
mittee. But even from the most unfavorable
view that the committee have been able to give
to the case, I greatly regret that we cannot
unite in support of the bill from the House,
and pass upon it without discussion.
Senators will pardon me for the remark, but
I am almost sure that we act too narrowly in
refusing this allowance. Mrs. Lincoln may
be indiscreet; she may have forfeited a meas-
ure of the respect naturally given to one in
her position. Grant it: yet she is the widow
of Lincoln. Can the nation stop to inquire
whether shehas been circumspect in all things,
and whether she has $3,000 or $30,000 which
she can still call her own? She survives, it
may not be for any great length of time, the
noble President whose services to the nation
were inestimable, and who perished in its
cause. Because she is his widow a small sum
is to be set aside, as here proposed, annually,
for her support during her natural life, and it
seems to me that we cannot refuse it without
impairing in a measure the national sense of
justice and self-respect. The propriety of
some assistance will hardly be questioned by
a people who are sensitive to everything touch-
ing their own honor, or their sense of justice
and gratitude toward others.
I hope then, Mr. President, without desiring
to continue this discussion, that Senators may
consent, without further debate, to vote upon
the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the pre-
cedent proposed to be established is a danger-
ous one. It is an innovation upon our prac-
tice and upon the theory of our Government.
While I was no friend, personal or political,
of Mr. Lincoln in his lifetime, I should regret
very much, if I knew it to be a fact, that his
widow needed any assistance whatever. I dif-
fered very widely from Mr. Lincoln in his admin-
istration. My habitof thought and my practice
of life are never to impute wrong motives to
persons differing from me in opinion or prac-
tice. I think the better plan on this occasion
is, instead of establishing such a precedent
as this, for gentlemen out of their own private
purses, as a testimonial of the distinguished
services of the deceased, if he rendered them,
and the majority of the Senate believe he did—
I am one of the unfortunates who never appre-
ciated his public acts, but I am willing out of
my private purse to contribute to any extent
to the comfort and support of his family. I am
opposed to the proposition out of the national
Treasury to pay his widow anything. It is
establishing a precedent dangerous, small in
its inception, but which may become alarming
in its consequences. I propose, therefore, to
the Senate to be one of those who will make
up this amount; I will give my share out of
my private purse, but do not take it out oi the
public Treasury ; if you do, whenever you estab-
lish a civil pension list you do not know where
it will stop.
I opposed the administration of Abraham
Lincoln while he was President with all my
might and main; I believed it was disastrous
to ".he interests of my country; I believed it
was unfortunate that any such man ever lived
as President; but I would regret very much to
know that his widow was in need. 1 attribute
to him honesty of purpose; he meant to serve
his country; and 1 should regret to know that
his family needed any contribution from the
national Treasury. And now, sir, I propose,
to avoid the danger of the precedent, that we
ourselves here to-day, or outside of this Cham-
ber, shall contribute out of our private purses
that which shall be commensurate with the sum
proposed in this bill, and I will give as much
as he that gives the most.
Mr. THfJHMAN. Mr. President, when this
measure was moved at the last session my first
impulse was to vote for it. I thought that the
Pidfirleut of the United States might, in one
sense, be considered as belonging to the Army,
since he was Commander-in-Chief by the Con-
stitution ; and I could not forget the extraor-
dinary circumstances under which Mr. Lincoln
lost his life ; nor could I forget the impression
then made on me, which I have ever since
entertained, that his death was a great calamity
to the American people. With these feelings
I was inclined to vote for the proposition which
wa3 then before the Senate; but subsequent
reflection has satisfied me that it would be
opening the door to the introduction of a civil
pension list in this country, and that it is better
not to open that door at all.
It is a saying in the law that " hard cases
make shipwreck of principles;" and so it is
in politics. A ease that sensibly touches our
affections, that seems to call upon us with
more than usual fervor and intensity for some
action on our part, which affects our sympa-
thies and moves our hearts, is very apt to be
the case that introduces a principle dangerous
to the Government and destructive of the inter-
ests of the people. It has been so again and
again, and I do not know that we are any
exception from the history of other countries.
Entertaining these views now, on reflection
I feel compelled, contrary to my first impulse,
to vote against this bill ; and I think that at
this hour of the session it is useless to spend
the time of the Senate upon it. When this
measure has been pending so long, and every
Senator has probably made up his mind on
it, I think the best thing I can do is to move
to lay it on the table. ["No!" "No!"] I
will withdraw the motion if any Senator desires
to speak.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the bill lie on the table.
Mr. THUHMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from Illi-
nois desires to speak, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. YATES. It has been my purpose in
my public life to do right always, and to do it
without reference to men or measures, to take
the right ground respecting all persons, high
or low, rich or poor.
It would be natural to suppose that a Sen-
ator from the State of Illinois, the home of
Mr. Lincoln, who was my intimate personal
friend for thirty years, would support this ap-
propriation. Every feeling that can appeal to
a man in favor of a'woman, every impulse of
gallantry would appeal to me to vote for this
proposition.
But, sir, there are recollections and mem-
ories, sad and silent and deep, that I will
not recall publicly, which induce me to vote
against this bill. Amid all the perils of life,
amid its devastation, amid good and evil
report, a woman should be true to her hus-
band. Mr. President, the occasion does not
require, and I shall not, so far as I am con-
cerned, go into details. Mr. Lincoln's mem-
ory is sweet to me. God Almighty bless the
name and fame of Abraham Lincoln ! The
majestic solemnities that surround his young
life, his mature manhood, and the close of his
earthly career make his memory dear and
sacred to me; but there are reasons why I
cannot vote for this bill.
Mr. President, when it is proposed to make
an appropriation of this kind perhaps every
heart in Illinois would say, " Pass it over; it
is but anitem in the taxes;" butido not pass
it over. I saw the soldier leave his cabin, with
his little children around him, and they never
heard the footsteps of that returning soldier.
There is his widow ; there are his orphan chil-
dren. While I bless and consecrate the name
of this immortal martyr in this mighty revolu-
tion of human progress and liberty, still i will
not propose to extend a useless charity for
show, for fxhibitiou, to his widow, while the
widows and orphans of our tens of thousands
of soldier martyrs are so scantily provided for.
