1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 1,
oat, and whoever may be damaged by the facta
let him be dam.ii?< d l>y them.
Mr. JKNCKLS. I as Is the gentleman to
vielti to u*«* tor a mixtion.
Mr. GARFIELD, ot' Oliio. 1 must object
to further debate.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. At tho instance
of a friend who sits near me 1 desire to make
one auggeatiou. I know that no amendment is
iu order now; but 1 suggest that the proviso be
modified so as to allow the committee only to
proceed with the investigation ot cases of ex-
member* already commenced when the party
implicated demands it. 1 think there can be
BO objection to that.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I wiah to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I will hear any
'"mr!°SCOFI ELD. I understand my friend to
aay that he is opposed to this whole business.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. What business T
Mr. SCOFIKLD. That we have had here
litis morn inf. Ho wisiiM to go on wilu tho
full investigation.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. No; I aid not
say tint at all.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. He said that he wanted
to have everything come to light, and that, per-
haps, some gentlemen wanted to cover some-
thing up.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Oh, no.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. That was his language.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I did aot intend
to be understood exactly as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania now seeks to pnt words into my
month. As a member of the committee I am
in favor of obeying whatever order the House
■ay make on the subject. The House having
ordered as to go into an investigation of all
eases, I am ready and willing to go into an
investigation of all cases. But if the House
bow choose* to cut off a part of those cases I
have bo earthly objection. Let it modify its
order just as it ebooees, provided it does not
leave those cases which the committee has com-
menced the investigation of half way, and thus
do injustice to the persons who have been impli-
cated.
M r. SCOFIE LD. The gentleman will allow
me to suggest that if this whole matter had
been laid upon the table it would have left
the committee to finish all the investigations
that they have began and commence as many
more as they saw tit. But the gentleman voted
against laying on the table, and that brings
up again the resolution to reetriet the commit-
ter. Now, all I am urging here is that we shall
either investigate the eases of all those who
may be implicated who are not members of
this Congress, or else investigate none. It ia
not fair to select a few names and drag them
before the committee and report upon their
cases, either favorably or unfavorably, and
leave oat all the others who might possibly be
implicated.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, resumed the floor.
Mr. A LLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man • qoestion.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to farther debate.
The question was token on the motion of
Mr. Jcircxn, to reconsider the vote by which
the House adopted the proviso; ana it wms
agreed to.
The qaestion recurred on agreeing to the
proviso, as follows:
Provided, That nothing contained in this resolu-
tion I ball lie construed to prevent the said commit-
tee continuing and completing all investigations
already commenced.
The qaestion was pat; and there were—ayes
63, noes 70.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, demanded the
yeas and nays; and called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The provino was rejected.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to inquire if it is
in order to mov« an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question is operating, an 1 the question ta ®Pon
resolution with the proviso stricken off.
The question was taken ; and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. OA It FIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that tho motion to
reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LATE UOI.D PANIC.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Banking and Currency were granted leave,
by unanimous consent, to report at any time
upon the subject of the late gold panio in the
city of New \ ork. I now present the testimony
upon that subject takon by that committee
and the views of the committee, together with
accompanying resolutions,tor the consideration
of the Uouse.
The resolutions were read, aa follows s
R-aiveJ. That the Committee ef W wi and Means
be instructed to inquire Into the expediency of re-
porting a bill to levy such a tax on such transactions
as those of the gold exchange and the gold exchange
clearing-house a* in their Judgment the interests of
tbe country shall require. .
linolttd. That the Committee on the Judiciary be
in«rructed to mquireinto theexpediency of reporting
a bill to itedne and punish eonspiraeiee against tho
credit of the I'nited States, and the business of ita
Mil n|*
tirv.iiml. That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be instructed to inquire whether any
farther legislation is necessary to prevent the im-
proper use of certified checks by the national banks;
and that they hare leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. COX. In parsuance of leave of the
House, granted by unanimous consent, I now
submit the views of the minority of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency upon this
subject. .
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the reading of
the report of the majority.
Mr. COX. I object to the reading of the
report of the majority unless the report of the
minority is also read. It will take two or three
hours to read the reports. They will soon be
printed, and I do not see the necessity for
reading them now.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to hear the
report of the majority read. I do not ask for
the reading of the minority report.
TheSPKAKER. Leave having been granted
to make a minority report, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] has a right to call for
its reading.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not in the power
of the Honse to say whether these reports shall
now be read or not?
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to dispense with the reading of these
reports.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I understand it will
take three or four hours to read them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot help
that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order to
move that the House now adjourn?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I make that
motion, and to-morrow we can read the printed
reports.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn; and upon a division there were—
ayes 73, noes 36.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SARGENT said: I call for the yeas and
navs on the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were twenty-foar in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last rote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. I suppose the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Far.vbworth] moved to
adjourn because I wanted to hear read from
the Clerk's desk an important paper. Now,
if gentlemen do not want to hear it read I sup-
pose I can wait until it is printed and then
read it. 1 therefore withdraw my call for the
reading of the report of the majority of tho
committee.
Mr. COX. I withdraw iny call for the read-
ing of the minority report.
Mr. FAItNSWOR'l H. The reading of these
voluminous papers not being called tor, I will
withdraw my motion to adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was accordingly with-
drawn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the majority and minority reports, together
with the accompanying testimony, be printed
and recommitted to the Committee on Banking
and Currency; and upon that motion I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the mam question ordered; and under tho
operation thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the reports and accom-
panying testimony were ordered to be printed
and recommitted ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider bo laid on the table.
( The latter motion was agreed to.
harbor MASTER^ FEES, ETC., AT NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication front
the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to a
resolution of the House, dated January 27,
1870, directing him to inform the House, as
soon as practicable, why he allows the harbor
master fees, health officer fees, and State hos-
pital fees to be collected in the custom-house
at the port of New York when a decision has
been made by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States that said fees are illegal.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to bo
printed.
FlfTBENTlI AMENDMENT—NEBRASKA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Gov-
ernor of Nebraska, transmitting a certified copy
of a concurrent resolution of the Legislature
of that 8tate ratifying the amendment to the
Constitution of the U nited States proposed by
. Congress as article fifteen; which was referred
, to the Committee on the J odiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of resum-
ing the consideration of the Indian appropria-
tion bill. _
1 Mr. RANDALL. I more that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 44, noes 58; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sargent and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 73, noes 64.
Before the resnlt of the vote was announced,
Mr. Saroknt called for tbe yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 78,
not voting 63; as follows :
Cox.Davis, Dickinson, JDoekery, Uox, f.lariage, f er-
riss. Fox, Uetz, Qibson, Griswold, Ilaldeman. llnin-
hleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris. Hays, Hettin,
iiolman. Hotchkins, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Lash, Marshall, Mayhaui.
Maynard, McCormick, McKee, MoKcnzie, MeN eely.
Mi Ines, Morphi*, Mungcn, Neftlcy, Nihlack, Ortli,
l'aine, Porter, Potter, Knndall, Reading, Beeve#,
Rogers. Schumaker, Scolield. Lionel A. Sheldon. .
Kherrou, William J. Smith, Worthinpton C. Smith,
St ilex. Stokes, Stone, StoiiKliton.StrieKlnnd, Bwunn,
Tanner, Tillman, Van Ankon, Van Trump, \ oor-
heos, Wells,Kugeno M. Wilson, Winane, Wood, and
Woodward—79. ... . . _ ..
NAYS— Messrs. Allison, Am bier, Ames, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Axtfdl, Hanks, Beaman,Beck, Ben-
jamin, Ueorito M. /{rooks, James Brooks,. uuca,
i JSnfflnton, fturchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna,
