60S
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
Bek
Miscellaneous Appropriation Bill—Mr. Beck.
41st Cong 2d Sess.
amount to the following sums, independent of
till proceeds of sales of Government property
made during the year, of which we have no
account:
Appropriated hy regular bills, §281,415,238 61
Balances which tho Secretary certified
in February last would be expended
also  9-f,S67,52(> 41
Appropriated in deficiency bills  13,000,000 00
Total 4398,782,815 05
Add to this what is known as the loan and
lapsed funds, which amount to several million
dollars, and out of which, as the Secretary
shows in his letter to me of June 1, which I
read on this floor, over sixteen hundred em-
ployes in the Treasury Department are. paid
who do not appear on the appropriation bills
or books of estimates, and out of which extra
compensation is paid, and add also all sales
of Government property during the year, the
proceeds of which go directly to the balances
credited to the different bureaus, and it will
make over four hundred million dollars sub-
ject to expenditure. A word as to how pro-
ceeds of sales of property are managed. A
ship, for example, was bought ten years ago
and cost $1,000,000; that sum is charged to
the Bureau of Construction. She was sold
last year for $ 100,000; that sum is put, as a
balance to the credit of that bureau; it never
appears on any book of estimates or appro-
priations. Tho Department spends it quietly,
and Congress knows nothing about it unless
somebody takes pltins lo examine into it, which
is varuly done, and tho information is given
reluctantly.
This enormous sum of money so far exceeds
what tho friends of tho Administration claim
has been the actual expenditures for the last
li.scal year, most of then: asserting, notwith-
standing Ibe amounts appropriated which can-
not ho denied or disputed, and the certificalo
of the Secretary of the Treasury as to the
amount of the balances on hand which would
be spout, I hat the expenditures havn been under
$1100,000,000. Though I was satisfied they have
been over $!!00,(K>0,000, I determined to get
at tho exact truth, and therefore, on the 2d day
of July, the llouse on uiy motion passed nres-
olution, wliioh is incorporated in the response
of tho Secretary, culling on him for tho desired
information. Ilia response reads as follows:
Tmusruv I'ki'ain m ./ulul, l:>70.
Slit: I have the honor to ilckiiowlc(U;e the receipt,
of a losolu.'ioti, adopted liy tho linuse on the 2d in-
stant, in tho following words.
"On motion oi' Mr. IIkck,
"AVWW, That lljo Secr-'taiy of tho Troanuy be,
ttnd bo is hereby, directed to furnish this Mouse, in
soon as practicable, with >i. full statement oi the un-
expended balances ronnummc in tho 'treasury, or in
tho hands of tho Treasurer as aizont oi' tho War or
Navy Department, or to the credit of each of tho
branches of >;i id Departments of the Government,
on the 1st day of July, 1B70. ctimathi'.' as accurately
us possible the sum which wiil l)o rcuairod to defray
tho expenses of tho lisc.il year just elo-cd. ami show-
ing also the whole amount which ho o^timates will
bo subject to the disposition of Congress lor tho year
1870-71."
In reply I have to state that it wiil not he prac-
ticable for mo to furnish the statement called fur l>y
this resolution within the limits of tho present ses-
sion, as there arc about two thousand appropriation
accounts yet to bp examined separately and tho
amounts to he eariiod to thosurplus fund have to be
determined before the balances lor (lie year can bo
ascertained.
1 am, yours, very re?poet fully,
OEOKUB ti. UOimYELL,
fiacretiu I'.
Hon. .T.imks ft. Blain-f,
Xpc<ikrr :J RcprcxeHluUvex.
That answer is the merest evasion. It would
riot have taken his Treasurer an hour to foot
up and state the amount of balances on tho
1st of July, as shown by tho books. Indeed,
I find by reference to" the Globe that when
General Bltlkii called on him for the bal-
ances of 1808, on tl.e 2;3d of January last, ho
answered with a full statement on the 24th.
Then it was important to try and contradict
the damaging statement made by the chairman
of the Appropriation Committee, [Mr. Dawes,]
and the reply was prompt. lie answered my
resolution of the same sort in little over a
week last February, and the failure or refusal
to answer now only proves that his statement
that $94,000,000 of the balances would be
spent has proved true, and his answer would
have confirmed it and placed the fact beyond
dispute in an official form, which, of course,
would have been very damaging during the
pending eleclions for Congress.
Even if he could not have stated accurately
how much of the money on hand would bo
required to complete payments for the year
just closed, if any considerable amount of
balances remained, he could and would have
sjud there remains thirty or forty million dol-
lars in the Treasury, but I cannot yet say how
much I can carry forward, or how much of
that sum it will take t.o close up last year's
accounts, llis failure to do even that is con-
clusive proof of the truth of his nraieuient in
February that §04,000,01)0 uf these balances
would bo spent, and it is not licniiablo that
the country should know it till after the elec-
lions.
All the members" of tho Committee on Ap-
propriations know, frorn persona! examination
of the Department and bureau ollieers, that the
balances as well as the appropriations are in
most cases exhausted. The Navy ami the
Army out of their $48,000,000 of balances said
that $6,000,000 could be carried forward, and
that is about nil that remains, and so with
the others; wlnlo it has been charged on this
lloor by tho gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] and myself, and never denied, that the
Navy, in addition to all appropriations and
balances, had expended 57,7'Ji?,373, obtained
from sales of property last year, which is not
embraced in any statement of its expenditures.
It will bo remembered that all these ex-
penditures aro entirely independent of the
large amounts "which have been ordered by
acts of Congress to be paid out of any money
in tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to pay pet patentees and officials, judgments
of the courts, or anything reported by any of
tho committees on account of claims against
the Government or any Department thereof;
such, for example, as llio $700,000 pretended
interest on the claim nf Massachusesls, set up
for aid given to the Government in the war of
1812, probably to pay the expenses of the
Hartford convention or some other equally
meritorious object, while as a set-off lo it,
tho genuine old soldiers of that war were in-
suited and spit upon in their efforts to obtain
a little pittance to keep them out of the poor-
house in their old age.
In view of these facts lot us see what the
country was led to believe was the actual ex-
penditure for the first year of General Grant's
administration. About the 4th ol March last,
when it was important, to carry New Hamp-
shire, the Speaker of this House and the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, the
former in a letter and tho latter in a speech,
which did much to cany thy election, each
asserted that tho total expenditmes during
the iirat year of General Grant's administra-
tion were 1-1,000,000, being, as they claimed,
a reduction of about sixty million dollars;
adding " that these figures aro taken from olli-
eial records, and their accuracy cannot be
questioned."
And the chairman of the committee stated
in his speech that before ho went to New
Hampshire arid made those statements he had
thought it necessary to go to tho President of
the United States and have them verified by
him. I quote fromthegentleman's speech, as
follows:
" T was charged yesterday afternoon by the Presi-
dent himself withthis message to the people of New
Hampshire. When 1 told hici that I was coining
here no told me to assure the people of New Hamp-
shire that this exhibit that I have made here of the
successful collection and economical expenditure of
tho money during the present year is an earnest and
a pledge of what it shall beeachyearto come, 'Tell
the peoplo ofNew Hampshire/hesaid, 'thatdurin<j
my administration there shall be no ascending scalc
of public expenditures, but wherever and whenever
the closest scrutiny shall disclose the possibility of
cutting off a dollar it shall be done.'"
*
The facts show that these gentlemen are both
utterly mistaken, and that the pledges of the
President are not worth the paper on which
they were written. Other gentlemen followed
in the same line, each trying to get the expend-
itures down as iow as possible. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] about the loth
of March made a speech on this floor, in which
he said :
"Tho year ending June 30, 1869, which embraced
only about four months of General Gra.nt's admin-
istration, showed expenditures of 4321,000,000—a fall-
ing oft"of £.56,003,000. And thoyear which willclose
on the 30lh of June next, by tlioolficial estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury, will bring tho expend-
itures down to #292,000,000, a further reduction of
nearly thirty million dollars from the expenditures
of last year."
We have appropriated more than that directly,
independent altogether of the §04,000,000 of
balances which the Secretary certified to us
would be spent in addition, and much the
greater part if not all of which we know has
been spent. The great struggle on the part of
llcpublican members has been to satisfy the
country that the administration of General
Grant lias been greatly more economical than
that of Andrew Johnson—which, God knows,
was bad enough, administered as it was by
officials all or nearly all of whom were Radi-
cals, kept in power by a Itadical Senate, with
thetenure-of-office bill so enforced that an effort
to remove one of them was made the ground
of almost successful impeachment; yet even
that effort is a miserable failure, as the official
statements I have read show.
Tho prospect ahead is no better, and there
the facts cannot be so well concealed or cov-
ered up. It had a bad look after it had been
so confidently asserted that the expenditures of
tho first year had not exceeded §292,000,000,
or at most $314,000,000, to find, the estimate
for the fiscal year now just, begun foot tip
$,131,000,000, as they do, against ^281,415,000
originally appropriated for the year just closed,
being an excess of $49,000,000. The speeches
of thedistinguisbed Republican leaders and the
pledge of the President dal not tally with the
facts. Something had to be done. The chair-
man of the committee scolded and threatened,
and the country responded. The Departments
claimed to have discovered that a mistake of
ft 7,000,000 had been made. That helped some ;
still, it was not enough. The Committee on
Appropriations struggled to keep down the
appropriations to those of last year.
They refused to commcnce any new build
ings ; to build ships, fortifications, or do any-
thing else they could avoid, lliverand harbor
improvements were cut down. The Army and
Navy were slashed into. liven the Depart-
ments and their employes were threatened ;
but the other end of the Capitol was too strong,
and in spite of the committee the appropria-
tions have already got beyond those of last,
year; and when we remonstrate the almost uni-
versal answer is, "'The unexpended balances of
last year, which helped us out, aro all gone."
The most disgraceful exhibit, however, which
has yet been made was a statement sent by the
Treasury Department to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] on the 2W..h of
June last, which he laid before the House evi
dently not .believing it, that tho reason why
their estimates for this year appear so huge is
that the clerks in the Departments had made a
mistake of $22,000,000 in making them out. I
