1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5399
woman ; and when I say "woman" I speakin
thai lofty sense which God Almighty commu-
nicated to man. He never communicated the
woid "lady;" it is "woman," lovely woman
in ail her attractions, in all her influences that
makes her dear to every man. While I oppose
the bili, I want it distinctly understood that
ss one Democratic Senator on this floor I
place it upon no ground of opposition to that
woman.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator give way
and let this bill go over informally that we may
take up the Army appropriation bill?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may have a vote.
Mr. THURMAN. I renew my motion to
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. TRUMBULL. I
hope not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts made a motion which I think takes
priority of the motion of my colleague.
Mr. SUMNER. Why should it be post-
poned ?
Air. WILSON. I ask that it be postponed
informally.
Mr. THAYER. The Senate agreed that the
Army appropriation bill should be considered
to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the Senator
from Ohio to withdraw his motion for one
moment. I desire to say a word.
Mr. THURMAN. I will withdraw it if the
Senate will take a vote on the bill as it is.
["Vote!" "Vote!"] If the Senate is ready
to take a vote on the bill I will withdraw the
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think perhaps it is due
that I should say a word or two. I will not
occupy more than two or three minutes.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; I will with-
draw the motion lor the accommodation of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I knew
Mr. Lincoln intimately. He was a man of
moderate means when he came to the Presi-
dency. He was stricken down, as we all know,
while holding the office of President of the
United States. His name and his fame are
identified with the country. He lived at a time
the most momentous of any in our history.
Our own reputations, our own characters, and
the character of our nation, are more or less
identified with the character of Abraham Lin-
coln. He left a family with moderate means.
It has now come to our knowledge that his
widow, his bosom companion, the mother of
his children, is in such circumstances that she
cannot live befitting the widow of Abraham
Lincoln. I care not what you call this bill,
whether an annuity or a gratuity, a pension or a
bounty, we cannot afford, the people ol these
United States cannot afford to refuse the means
of comfortable support to the widow of Abra-
ham Lincoln.
She is a lady known to the country, and of
her personally I need not speak. Her position
made her known extensively to the people of
this land, and to all its public men, and I con-
sider it unbefitting to bung her character here
for discussion. It is known and established,
anu it is unnecessary that anything should bo
said here in regard to it. It is enough that she
is the widow of our murdered President and
needs assistance, and I would not higgle about
giving her the means of a comfortable support.
I was pained exceedingly at the remarks of my
colleague. I had not intended to say one word
upon the present occasion; for I supposed,
whether there was precedent for it or not, the
Senate would promptly pass this bill. I care
not for precedent in such a case. Did the
Congress of the United States hesitate to make
a precedent in 1841, when Harrison died, of
paving his widow $25,000? And shall we hes-
itate now to make this precedent? Sir, the
widow of Abraham Lincoln, she who was his
companion in the most trying period of this
nation's hu-fory, shall not. so tar as I am cou~
ctmed, sutler for the want of the necessary
means of proper support. I cannot think this
nation will be willing that she should.
Mr. THURMAN. I renew my motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. CORBETT. I would like to make a
very few remarks.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I must insist on my
motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to my friend to
allow a vote ; let us vote.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senate will vote
sqnaiely, I am willing to withdraw my motion.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the Senator from Ohio
to allow the report to be read. That contains
the whole argument. All the reasons which
existed in the minds of the committee why this
bill should not pass are presented ill that
report.
Mr. THURMAN. If I withdraw for one, I
may as well withdraw for all, and therefore I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. Will not the Senator from
Oregon allow this to go over informally, and
let us act upon the Army appropriation bill ?
Mr. CORBETT. I think this question can
now be disposed of in a few minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me appeal to myfriend
from Oregon to allow the vote to be taken ?
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to say a word upon
this question. Mr. President, this is an oppor-
tunity to testify our gratitude to the memory
of Abraham Lincoln, which I have not had a
chance on this floor heretofore to embrace.
Nor has the representative of any one of the
newly reconstructed States that has returned
to this Hall had an opportunity to testify
their appreciation of the services of Abraham
Lincoln. " We all know his character, how
generous he was toward the southern States,
how firm he was in Ins purpose to subdue the
rebellion, and how he desired to protect them
in their property, to protect even the institu-
tion of slavery, which the people insisted they
did not intend to abolish or interfere with. He
for a longtime refused even to take their slaves
to use them against them. They all recognize
this in him as showing a generous purpose to-
ward them, that he withheld any vindictive spirit
toward those States. The only thing I regret
now is that there is one State absent from the
Union to prevent a unanimous vote from being
given on this bill. I think itwillnotbe objec-
tionable to any one of those States that they are
called upon to-day to pay the tribute of respect
they owe to the memory of Lincoln by giving
to his widow the small sum of S3,000 per
annum. I think they will all feel proud to
testify their appreciation of the memory of
Lincoln by voting this small tribute to his
memory. They have insisted that they were
not instrumental in the assassination of Abra-
ham Lincoln, and they desire, 1 have no doubt,
on this occasion to testily by their votes that
they do not iudorbe the assassination of Abra-
ham Lincoln.
Certainly tlie death of Abraham Lincoln
was caused by that spirit which was raised in
rebellion, and which directed tlie assassin's
dagger as it pierced the heart of our respected
Chief Magistrate of the nation. I hope that
every State in this Union which is here repre-
sented may east a vote for this bill that we may
testify our gratitude to this great and noble
man, that we may show to the nation, and to
other nations, that we appreciate his great
services, and that we may testify to his widow
our appreciation of her husband. This nation
has never been called upon to testily its grati-
tude to a President who has been assassinated
by the enemies of his country. This is the first
case of the kind that has ever occurred, and
this is a precedent that I am willing to estab-
lish. If any President, in the discharge of his
duties hereafter, shall be assassinated by the
enemies of his country, I shall ceitainly be
willing to provide foi his widow and children.
L do not see how we can refuse to do so in this
case. "We know that Mr. Lincoln was in constant
danger; that there were plans laid to take him
from the Presidential Mansion and to carry him
off into the enemy's camp, and there to assas-
sinate him. Under these circumstances, beset
as he was by the dangers that surrounded him,
when he stood up faithfully and fearlessly to
protect the life of this nation in his person,
when he bared his bosom to the dagger of the
assassin for the safety of the nation, can we
refuse to give to his widow the small pittance of
$3,000 a year for her maintenance and support?
I have been informed by a person on whom
I can rely, that Mrs. Lincoln is now living in
a humble way; that she has gone to a foreign
country in order to educate her boy from her
limited means; thatsheliadnotsufficient means
to maintain herself and to educate her child
herein our own country; and being able to
live more economically in a foreign country,
and secure his education there more cheaply,
she has gone abroad. Let us give her sufficient
means to enable her to return to henown coun-
try and live here in comfort and in ease. I
trust that there will be no division upon this
bill, but that we may pass it unanimously.
With these few remarks, I submit the matter
to the Senate, and ask that we may have a vote
upon the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I only desire to say that
while I could not add a word to this debate, I
could vote " ay " or "no "if I were allowed
to do so, and I am very anxious to have a vote.
I can make my speech on the subject by just
saying " ay" or " no " on the question.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. WILSON. Let us
have a vote.
Mr. TIPTON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Pensions 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask to have this bill laid over, that we may
go on with the Army bill ?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no ; I hope it will not
go over.
Mr. HAMLIN. How many members of that
committee have already spoken?
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER,(Mr.ANTHOXY
in the chair.) The Senator from Nebraska is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to say to the Senate
this, and this only at this time. After a report
has been as carefully made as the report in this
case has been, and presented here by such a
chairman, careful, cool, logical,and honest, (if
there is any qualification about it,) to a fault,
that report shall not be voted down in the Sen-
ate of the United States in his absence, until
one of his associates on that committee shall
add his voice to the voices of those who have
preceded him in a thorough, deliberate analy-
sis of the whole subject. If the Senate can
give me an hour now, I would as lief go into
it now as at any other time ; but I shall vindi-
cate the conduct of that committee before any
final vole is taken by the Senate on this bill.
Mr. WILSON. Then I ask that the bill may
go over informally, and that we proceed with
the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the bill be
laid on the table. I will not withdraw the
motion any more.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. WILSON. Let that
be a test vote.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes; let it be a test vote.
Mr. TIPTON. I am willing that there shall
be a test vote after we shall have ventilated
this subject, but not before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the bill be laid on the
table, which motion is not debatable.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to inquire
whether that motion, if it prevails, will take my
amendment with it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It takes
everything with it.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the bill will not be
laid on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
ni>VH on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
