1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4455
He left a widow, son, and daughter. The son
entered into the Federal Army and perished.
Mrs. Parker lived at a distance, and she has
made her application as soon as under the
circumstances it was practicable for her to
do so.
This bill only provides that she and the rep-
resentatives of Captain Parker shall be placed
in the identical situation with- regard to these
islands that he would have been if he were
living at this day. Is there any injustice or
wrong in that to any one ? Surely none to the
Government of the United States, for it is in-
terested in this question. The act of 1856
provides that this guano shall be sold only to
citizens of the United States, not to foreigners,
not to any other persons ; and it appropriates
the fertilizer upon these islands to the benefit
of the citizens of the United States. Is not
that an interest ? Is not the Government in-
terested in protecting these islands for the
benefit of its own citizens? We all know the
extensive use made of this fertilizer, and how
important it is to the people of the country
that they should obtain it as cheaply as they
possibly can.
The amendment which I have submitted to
the Senate only allows the widow and repre-
sentatives of Captain Parker to perfect the
proof which he commenced. lie could not go
and take guano from that island and prevent
others from doing so, because he had not entirely
consummated his proof. The discoverer is re-
quired to give a bond to the United States that
the guano shall be sold and delivered only to
citizens of the United States. That bond he
was unable to give because of his death, but the
widow will have to give it to the Department
of State with satisfactory security. She now
simply asks to be allowed to comply with the
requisitions of the act of Congress, and to do
what her husband, if living, would have had a
right to do—to be remitted to his rights. The
bill provides that the claim of Mrs. Parker
shall not interfere with the rights of any other
Government if they have made a previous
discovery, or if a citizen of any other Govern-
ment had made a previous discovery, if the
islands had been occupied or possessed by any
other person prior to the discovery by Captain
Parker. All these things are provided for.
There is a provision also that this bill shall not
prejudice the rights of any one who may claim
under an agreement from Captain Parker. If
he transferred one half ot his interest in these
islands to any other person, it is provided by
this bill that the rights ot that person shall not
be prejudiced.
It seems to me that there is no case which
appeals more strongly to our just and equita-
ble feelings than this case of Mrs. Parker.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] to the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Vickeus.]
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know whether the
Senator from Wisconsin was led to propose
that amendment from his familiariby with the
papers in the case and the possible amount
of guano on these islands. Among the papers
that are on file nov#with the Secretary oi the
Senate in support of this claim is a communi-
cation signed by R. F. Ryan, civil engineer,
who was consulted by Captain Parker in regard
to their value, and here is what he writes under
date of November 9, 1857 :
" I havo this day recoivcd from air. Parker the data
upon which to determine the quantity ol guano
deposited on certain islands claimed by nun ana
otheis m the Pacific ocean. The following i? the
rcault of my calculations: thi'ce small islands, no<.
upon our c-harts, called in tho declaration Morrison,
Parker, and Ryan Islands; probublediamecer of cacli
about three miles; nearly round in s-h'ipe, slightly
conical; the average deposit about throe leet in thick-
ness. Amount of guano on these islands as near as
can bo estimated"—
ITow much do you suppose, sir?
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope a good deal.
Mr. SUMNER. "Twenty-seven million eight
hundred and seventy seven thousand and four
hundred tons." Now, putting that merely
at one dollar a ton, you have upward of
$2-7,000,000. Putting it at eight dollars a ton,
the highest price fixed in the statute, you have
eight times $27,000,000. Putting it at the
price fixed by my .friend from Wisconsin in his
amendment, you have a smaller sum ; but one
that is counted by the hundreds of millions.
Then follows:
"An island, culled upon the charts Johnson's
Island; latitude 16° 52' north, longitude 168° 47'
west; oblong shape flat on top; average deposit
thirty-one inches deep ; length of island twelve
miles, breadth two and a half miles. Amount of
gua.no on this island 92,979,0^0 tons.
" An island, latitude 15° north, longitude 172° 31'
east; oblong shape; about twenty miles long, eight
miles in width ; shape on surface, level, conical.
Amount of guano on this.island, twenty-nine inches
in depth, 581,000 tons."
Then comes still another island;
"Cornwallis, or Smith's Island, latitude 16° 16'
north, longitude 109° 20' cast; length, twenty miles;
breadth, eight miles; form irregular, low, and flat;
depth, twenty-nine inches. Amount of guano,
405,616,000 tons. Total amount of guano on ail tho
islands, 616,yS2,400 tons."
Why, sir, putting this at the price fixed by
our statute of eight dollars a ton, or the lowest
price, four dollars a ton; or, if you please, a
mean price of six dollars a ton, you would
have here enough to pay the whole national
debt of the United States. There is the inter-
esting question. My friend from Wisconsin
by his amendment proposes to reduce the
price; and yet even under his amendment this
guano would nearly cancel the whole debt of
the United States. It may be said that these
are exaggerations. Are they? I read from
the official .papers, which I have only a few
moments ago taken from the desk of the Sec-
retary of the Senate. If they are exagger-
ations, who is responsible for them? Shall
we not look into this case? Shall we not sec
whether in reality there are these untold mil-
lions of wealth to be drawn from these islands
which we are now about to toss away as you
would an orange. Sir, I find in this paper
another inducement to inquiry in this case.
Now, I have to express my own personal
opinion on these estimates. 1 think they are
founded in mistake. I think that all the par-
ties in this case are still dwelling m a cloud
of ignorance. They do not know precisely
the islands^that were discovered, and they in-
clude in their claim islands to which they can
justly make no claim.
If you are not moved by the magnitude of
the interest involved, then, sir, I present to
you "your duty to look into a case which is sur-
rounded by such exaggeration and uncertainty.
All that I ask in this matter is information. I
do not, know now enough to act with confidence;
and I have taken some pains to acquaint my-
self with the facts of the case. I have received
visits from persons representing this claimant,
who have put papers in my hands and who
have answered my inquiries. I have done,
therefore, what I could out of the Senate to
make myself familiar with the case. But I
always told these parties when they did me the
honor to call upon me, which was repeatedly,
that if tbey wished their case properly con-
sidered in the Senate they should see that it
was properly stated, so that before we voted
we might know precisely what we voted on ;
what these islands were ; where they are situ-
ated ; who was really their discoverer, and
when, and whether at the time he compiled
with the positive requirements of our statute.
It is said that the proposed bill only puts the
widow in the position of the husband, were he
alive, and allows her to complete the prools.
But if the husband were alive, would lie now
be allowed to complete the proofs? ^Clearly
not. The islands, by the evidence in the case,
were discovered by him, if eier discovered by
him, as long ago as 1852. and he made h^s
attempt to establish his discovery m 1851.
What led him to make the attempt? As I un-
derstand, he was on a grand jury or a jury in
San Francisco, and through tho argument of
a case he became acquainted with the guano
act, which has been read so often, and which I
have in my hand, being of August 18, 1856,
" An act to authorize protection to be given to
citizens of the United States who may discover
deposits of guano." Sitting on the jury he
heard of this act for the first time, and then ^
he found himself a discoverer. He revived in
memory or in imagination a voyage in 1852,
five years before, and concluded to take advan-
tage of this act and to establish a title to certain
islands almost afloat, if I may so express my-
self, in the Pacific ocean. He commenced his
proceedings; but he did not go on according
to the requirement of the statute, and at last
he died. No.w, the requirement of the statute
is as follows:
"That notice be given .by such discoverer or dis-
coverers, as soon as practicable, to the State Depart-
ment of the United States of such discovery."
It was in 1857 that he first made his move.
In 1858 he continued in it, but never completed
it. Is there any compliance, then, with the
requirement of the statute, " as soon as prac-
ticable? " One year elapsed, two years elapsed,
then arrested by death. Do you interpret a -
compliance in that time as coming within the
requirement of the statute ?
That is not all. He is not simply to give
notice, but according to the statute he must
give—
"Satisfactory evidence that such island, rock, or
key was not, at the time of the discovery thereof, or
of the taking possession and occupation thereof by
the claimants, in the possession or occupation of any
other Government, or of the citizens of any other
Government."
He must do all that, and " as soon as prac-'
ticable" must he do all that. We have no
evidence that he did anything of it. If he did
it, the chairman of the committee fails to en-
lighten the Senate with regard to it. He sim-
piy says, " by this bill we place the widow in
the position of her husband ; we give her only
what he had and nothing more." But why
should we legislate on the matter at all unless
we are informed and know that the husband
had rights there. We have no information on
the subject; not a paper to show that he had a
right there.
On the contrary, here are papers that I took
from the desk a few moments ago, one of which
would go to show that his rights there were very
slender, indeed ; that he did not know what he
had discovered, if he had discovered anything;
and that in much he was drawing on his ima-
gination. He saw distant islands covered with
guano, flowering with wealth, in imagination,
and lie said, " JLet this be my prize under the
statute of the United States." But no evidence
did he give, nor is there any evidence before
us now. For instance, here is one of these
documents. I am sorry to take time, but since
this matter is pressed I must. It is the affidavit
of William It. Perriman, taken May 1, 18,>8 :
"Before me, a notary public in and for the city
and county of San Francisco. State of California, -duly
authorized and commissioned to take depositions
and administer oaths, appeared AVilliam il. 1 erri-
rnan, who, being duly sworn, &c , says: that the
American schooner Palestine sailed on a voyage nom
San h'lancisco to Johnson's islands on the 8tb day
oE January, 1838, and arrived at the islands in the
Pacific ocean on the 9th day of March following, that
this was the first voyage of the said schooner to the
said island.-,: that he was the captain of the said
schooner on this voyage, and that the voyage was
made for the benclit ot the owners and charterers
of tho said schooner Palestine; that William II,
Parker
Hero is the famous captain—
" was a passenger on board of tho said schooner dur-
ing the said voyage; and that the deponent lollo™*
the directions of the said Parker, he havine«|orwd
that he had seen the islands some year, before, and
that he knew their latitude and longitude, and tnat
there was but one island ''
Mark that, sir; "bat one island"—
" a description of which was given on the said voy-
i he had before seen and then expected
to visit. That all tho statements made by the said
