1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3511
ties of those now lying onder them; and it
declared, secondly, that it stood upon the plat-
form of the Declaration of Independence,
declaring that no just Government could exist
that wa$ not founded upon the consent of the
governed; and both those resolutions were
offered by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Schurz.] I shall show in a moment that the
continuance of political disabilities is utterly
subversive of the second of those resolutions
as adopted by the Chicago convention in 18C8.
But I am now calling attention to the present
indications of party sentiment at the North and
in the Republican party.
Sir, the most widely-disseminated newspapers
of a political organization, those which enroll
the greatest number of subscribers and go most
widely over the country, and are received with
the greatest popular favor, are supposed to be,
to some extent at least, fair exponents of the
opinion of the party for which they speak. In
this country of ours, from out of the city of
New York, proceed the great daily newspapers
upholding the Republican party everywhere,
at the West, at the East, in the middle States,
and in the South; and that great daily press,
emanating from the true capital of the Repub-
lic, in its every member, without exception,
to-day favors the removal of political disabil-
ities. Every member of it, without exception,
is in favor of both the bills which I introduced
here a year ago for the removal of disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment on the
one hand, and for the repeal of the test-oath
on the other. Now, sir, if these things be so,
is it not a little too much for any Senator, how-
ever distinguished his position, to use such
language as I read here a little while ago as
proceeding from the lips of the Senator from
Indiana yesterday ?
But, sir, I promised to do one more thing.
I wish to show that the continuance of this
system of political disabilities, to wit, the dis-
abilities of' the third section of the fourteenth
amendment, and the continuance upon the
statute-book of the test-oath act—I wish to
show that the continuance of these two acts
upon your statute-book is repugnant to the
foundation principles upon which the Repub-
lican party rests, and that, consciously or
unconsciously, he who in Congress or out of
Congress insists longer upon the continuance
of the disabilities imposed by those two statutes
has abandoned the Republican position as un-
derstood in 1854 and in 1856.
Mr. HOWARD. That was before the war.
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir; that was before the
war. But after the war, in the copvention of
1868, we declared for the same old platform—
the Declaration of Independence—and I love
it as well as the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] I am not willing to give it up
because the black man has been freed. I
never fought for the black man because he was
black, but because he wa3 a man; and I am
afraid, sir, that we are in danger of forgetting
now-a-days that while the equality of the black
man has been achieved the rights and the lib-
erties of man are getting in danger. What is
it that your political disabilities accomplish?
Now I refer, as I said before, to both acts. I
was probably too large in my estimate yester-
day of the number rendered ineligible by
the fourteenth amendment. In the discus-
sions in this body two years ago the number
was variously estimated from fifty to three
hundred thousand. I thought then that the
number of fifty thousand was more nearly
right. Recent constructions have placed an
interpretation upon the third section of the
fourteenth amendment, making certain classes
of officers before the war within the meaning
of that section whom I never supposed to be
within its meaning, and this somewhat extends
the number; but suppose it to be but fifty
thousand. Come now to the application of the
test-oath. Was I wrong about that? Let me
repeat very briefly the calculation of yesterday.
First, be it borne in mind that in the presi-
dential election of I860 between eight And nine
hundred thousand votes were cast in the States
which went into rebellion. They were all
white votes. The test-oath act takes within its
scope every man who entered the confederate
service; every man who at the b*llot-box voted
for an ordinance of secession; every man who,
though at the ballot-box he may have voted
against the ordinance of secessiou, yet after-
ward went with his State and in any way aided
the Tebellion; every man who held an office
under the confederate government; every man
who furnished son, nephew, kinsman, or ward
with means while that son, nephew, kinsman,
or ward was in the confederate service. And I
appeal to southern Senators on this floor, when
you have enumerated these four classes of
southern white men, who is left,and how many
are left out of the eight hundred thousand
white voters of 18G0?
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. FERRY. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to suggest to
him one additional class, and that is every man
who gave a voluntary support to the confed-
erate government of any nature or name.
Mr. FERRY. So that I do not think I was
in error in saying that in the States within the
area of the confederacy there were not over fifty
thousand left of the white voters of 1860 who
were not directly within the scope of the test-
oath act, and during the four years of the war
the young men who camo up and attained their
majority all went into the service. You remem-
ber the graphic expression,' 'They have robbed
the cradle and the grave." So that at the close
of the war the test-oath act left the whole old
white population of the South, by their inca-
pacity of taking the oath, ineligible to any office
under the Federal Government.
But, sir, does it affect them only? Ob, says
the Senator from Indiana, they can vote. Ah 1
How with the rest? How with the few remain-
ing whites and all the blacks? Have they got
a free suffrage? No, sir; the fifteenth amend-
ment as long as the political disabilities remain
is a sham and a delusion. The black man is
not enfranchised in the South. It is nothing
to say to me that I may vote if among the great
mass of my fellow-citizens you select one half
of them and say I shall not vote for any of them;
and that is precisely what the disability amend-
ment and the test-oath act do to-day.
Who are these eight hundred thousand men
that are ineligible for office ? Sir, they are the
class out of whom we have got to win adherents
to the Republican party, or the Republican
farty will go down in every southern State.
know I am speaking for the welfare of my
party and through that for the welfare of my
country. How can it be otherwise? Will not
the wealth, the culture, the property,, the intel-
ligence, exert its own natural force in society
against all resistance in the end ? Sir, there
are hundreds and thousands of those negroes,
emancipated and enfranchised now, who yet
retain the old attachment to the old home and
the old master, and those attachments will stay
with them till they die- Why, sir, in this very
city the waiter at my table two years ago was
a slave in Richmond till the close of the war.
His mistress, a widow, had taught him to read
and write. At the first election in that State
he was a registrar of elections in the city of
Richmond. He subsequently^ came to Wash-
ington for employment; and he told me that
such was his attachment to that old mistress
that if he knew now she was in want he would go
back and work for her as he would have done
when a slave. Is it dishonoring to them? No,
sir; it is not. Slavery was horrible; its effects
were horrible; but nothing in this world is
unmixed, and there were mixed up with it
these local, household, servile, if you please
to call them, attachments, and there remain,
exist yet in scores of negro families in the
South; and by your disabilities by your placing
that whole white population under a Federal
ban, you are doing all in your power to create
sympathy for those whom you thus ostracize,
while you are deepening in their hearts what-
ever of enmity may still remain since the close
of the war.
No, sir; we must win them, not by concilia-
tion in the sense in which the Senator from
Indiana used the word, but by justice. Wh:it
have we done? The South went to war with
the Government of the United States, and that
Government conquered it as no people ever
yet were conquered under lieaven; and hav-
ing conquered them, the Government of the
United States said, as the Senator from Indiana
truly observed yesterday, "There shall be no
judicial infliction of punishment for this war
which you have waged upon the nation." The
President, the Congress, the people have said
that. You maybe sorry for it; I may be sorry
for it in some respects; but as a fact the Sen-
ator from Indiana uttered the truth, legal pun-
ishment has not been thought of for a year;
and here is this conquered people, under our
system of representative Government, bearing,
or entitled to bear by their votes their share in
the administration of national affairs ; and yet
you say of a class numbering nearly a million
citizens that not one of them shall vote for
another of his own class, and no others shall
vote for one of that class; that all their feel-
ings, all their hopes, all their aspirations shall
find no utterance here; that if there be one of
them who does love his country, if there be
one of them who does repent that he lifted his
hand in fratricidal strife against the nation
which had reared him, he shall not come here,
but the Senator from Indiana shall be here to
misrepresent him as an enemy that can never
forget his hatred to the old flag. Is if right?
The Senator from Indiana spoke in the name
of justice. I appeal to justice, and to_the God
of justice, is it right?
And then the Senator from Indiana aban-
doned his position, that all thought of punish-
ment was gone by, and said that the deprivation
of eligibility to office was a fitting retribution
for their crimes, and he repeated the words
"for their crimes." He said this was little
enough to inflict upon them for their crimes.
God help usl sir, has it come to this, that
after a four years' war, after having the
acquiescence of the people in the remission
of judicial punishment of that crime we ar'e
to create an ex post facto punishment for it?
No, sir; we have no right to view your four-
teenth amendment and the test-oath act as a
punishment for crime. They were never meant
for that pu rpose. They were enacted for great
objects of public' policy. At the time when
the fourteenth amendment was ratified the
country had got to go through the transition
from open rebellion to complete reorganiza-
tion, and during that period, as the Senator
from Ohio who ia in my eye [Mr. Sherman]
said—I remember his remarks in that debate—
during that period it was proper and safe and
best that those embraced within these classes
who were believed to have been the most
dangerous fomentors of secession should be
excluded from opportunities of mischief.
How came we to have the test-oath? The
Senator from Indiana ought to remember that.
It was away back in 1862. I remember I
was over in the valley of Virginia at the time,
and neither in the military nor the civil, ser-
vice did we know but that the next man we
met, even in our own ranks, might not be a
spy or a traitor. Washington Bwarmed with
spies ; they were in every Department. They
penetrated the Army and Navy. The test-oath
was devised for the purpose, so far as it would
go, of weeding them out, and it did so ; but
it never was meant to remain on the statute-
book forever; ft-, never was meant to remain
there five years after the war closed, and the
necessity for its enactment had passed away.
But, says the Senator from Indiana, history
is against the Senator from Connecticut; his-
tory shows that you can do nothing by coucil-
