1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
reucy commensurate with the requirements of
our growing business transactions.
To this proposition will doubtless be urged
the oft-repeated objection that the right to issue
currency to an unrestricted amount can result
iu nothing else than an excessive inflation, the
only effect of which will be to enhance prices
beyond their natural point, and thus ultimately
bring upon our people universal bankruptcy.
Such -would undoubtedly be the result of an un-
due issue ofirredeemable paper currency. But,
i„ my judgment, the only road to specie pay-
ments liesin the direction I havehere indicated.
So long as we have outstanding the legal-tender
notes commonly known as "greenbacks," so
long we shall have an irredeemable paper cur-
rency. To retire the outstanding legal-tender
notes, now amounting to about three hundred
and fifty million dollars, without providing at
the same time for a currency to take their
place, would produce commercial disaster and
ruin all over the land such as has never been
witnessed in all our past history. No sane man
can for a moment advocate contraction on so
gigantic a scale.
So soon as we commence providing for an
increase of national currency upon the principle
of free banking we can enter upon the redemp-
tion or withdrawal of the legal-tender notes ;
the one will take the place of the other, and
the final retirement of the legal-tender notes
will be accomplished without any disturbance
in the values of the country or any perceptible
shock upon any of its business interests. The
withdrawal of the last legal-tender note is taking
from circulation the last dollar of irredeemable
paper money, and specie payment follows most
naturally and becomes an accomplished fact
without injury to a single interest or detriment
to a single citizen. When legal-tender notes
cease to exist then gold and silver are the only
"legal tenders" known to the Constitution and
the laws. To attempt the resumption of specie
payment by simply enacting that it shall com-
mence on some specified day in the future is,
to my mind, as futile as to attempt to regulate
the solar and lunar eclipses by act of Congress,
or to attempt by legislation to control the quan-
tity of wheat or corn that should be produced
on any given acre of land. The laws of trade
and commerce are as fixed and unchangeable
in this respect as the laws of nature, and all
efforts to contravene their legitimate action
will, as in the laws of nature, bring their own
proper punishment on the head of the offender.
" But," I am asked, " what will prevent an
improper inflation of the national currency
after the legal-tender notes shall have been
retired?" You can never have an unhealthy
inflation of a currency that is at all times con-
vertible into coin ; and, in the next place, the
great law of supply and demand is sufficiently
powerful to regulate the quantify of such cur-
rency. No person or association of persons
will engage in the business of banking, prop-
erly guarded and restricted, unless it be suffi-
ciently remunerative. The capitalist is pro-
verbially shrewd, and will only engage in such
business as ho knows, by experience or other-
wise, will justify him in the undertaking. And
hence, like in the sale of dry-goods or the
manufacture of a particular class of articles,
they will only be sold or manufactured so long
as there is a demand for them. When the
demand slackens their sale or production will
lessen in a corresponding degree. So with
banking. We shall have just as many banks
andjust as much currency as a healthy state
of commerce requires, and no more. No man
is wise enough to predict to-day the amount of
currency we shall need a year hence; and the
Most prudent course of the legislator is to let
these matters be regulated, as I have already
said, by the great and universal law of supply
and demand. All that we can be required to
do legitimately is to see to the absolute security
of the bill-holder. This is all that the Govern-
ment can be rightfully called upon to guar-
anty ; and this security is assured so long as our
national faith is unimpaired and our bonds-
pledged for the redemption of the currency
issued by the banks attain and maintain that
specie standard which I doubt not will result
from the legislation I have already suggested.
THE TARIFF.
In unison with this subject are the questions
arising from and connected with the tariff and
internal taxes. A very large portion of our
revenue always has been and probably always
will be derived from duties on imports.
The amount realized from this source for the
fiscal year ending September 30, as appears
by the report of the Commissioner of Customs,
was a little over one hundred and eighty mil-
lion dollars in gold. We must not close our
eyes to the fact that this large sum of money,
although collected at the custom-houses, is
nevertheless a tax upon the people, and comes,
indirectly I grant you, out of their pockets.
In providing the details of a tariff it is very
important that great care and circumspection
be exercised in order that this branch of our
revenue system shall not operate as a boon on
a portion and a burden on the residue of our
people. If there were no necessity for revenue
the country would have no tariff, and from this
proposition it follows that our tariff laws should
be enacted in the interest of revenue for the
sake of revenue, and not in the interest of pro-
tection for the sake of protection.
The wealth and prosperity of a nation is in
proportion to the extent and variety of its for-
eign commerce. In this age of almost uni-
versal trade and traffic between different por-
tions of the world it would be regarded as a
most suicidal policy for any nation to erect
around its borders a Chinese wall of exclusion
to the commerce of its neighbors. That day
has gone by never to return. The policy of
enlightened statesmanship everywhere is to
extend and increase intercommunication and
interchange of products and commodities, and
to remove from time to time such restraints as
had been adopted in accordance with the nar-
row and limited policy of the past.
An impost tax is probably the most inex-
pensive and expeditious mode of raising reve-
nue and hence is generally resorted to for that
purpose by nations; but in doing so, care
should bo taken that this tax is not so levied as
to defeat its own objects. If the tax be excess-
ive, it will operate to destroy foreign trade,
and hence the point to be arrived at is to levy
the tax so as to produce the greatest amount
of revenue with the least injury to the traffic
itself. In view of these cardinal principles the
inference is legitimate that our present tariff
needs thorough revision, and on many articles
a very general reduction, while it is equally
apparent that the free list can be very consid-
erably enlarged. In all this there is nothing
to awaken the fears of the manufacturer who
is content with resulting profits of his business
commensurate with the profits of other indus-
trial pursuits; for so long as our present in-
debtedness or any considerable portion of it
remains the incidental protection afforded by
a properly constructed revenue tariff ought to
satisfy all reasonable persons.
The tariff can be reduced, because under the
operations of a funding bill, with strict regard
to economy in our public affairs, we shall
not need so large an amount of revenue as is
now realized from this and other sources, and
can hence relieve our people to a large extent
of burdena, which are nevertheless burdens
although indirectly placed upon them.
Class legislation is at all times most vicious
in its character, and nowhere is there a greater
field for its display than in adjusting the
details of a tariff. Those of us who have wit-
nessed the legislation in these Halls for the
last six years upon this subject have seen con-
stant modifications and changes in our cus-
toms duties, and every modification and change
has been, with scarcely an exception, in the
interest of the manufacturer and detrimental
to the agricultural class of our people. We
remember, too, the arguments which hare
been used from time to time, and the pressure
and importunities of those who have surrounded
this Capitol and filled its lobbies. We have
seen around us the delegates of every manu-
facturing interest clamoring for a higher tanir;
for greater protection to the particular branch
in which they or their friends were most directly
interested. This class of our people—shrewd,
active, energetic—are ever alive to what in
legislation most concerns them; and hence we
sec them here at every session of Congress
with the same argument in favor of more
tariff, more protection." . .
I do not allude to this in any carping spirit.
This large and meritorious class of our citizens
deserve credit for their ingenuity and perti-
nacity, and are acting in accordance with the
well-known apothegm that "the gods help
those who help themselves." Ialludeto them
for another and a very different purpose ; for
the purpose mainly of reminding my associates
on this floor, who like myself represent con-
stituents mainly engaged in agricultural pur-
suits, that the farmers likewise have a deep
interest in our tariff laws. They are not here
to urge their case, to present and press their
views upon Congress ; they are not associated
and banded together in a common cause in this
matter ; they have made no Arrangements to
send committees to Washington to ask for legis-
lation which shall inure to their especial ben-
efit. Hitherto, under the pressing necessities
of the war, they have witnessed and borne in
silence the constantly increasing character of
our tariffs; but these necessities are daily
diminishing, and with them the day is rapidly
dawning when such patience shall cease to be
a virtue, and when they will demand that the
tariff shall be adjusted upon proper revenue
principles, not exclusively favoring one class
to the evident prejudice of another. Those
articles of foreign production which are re-
garded as among the necessities of life, and
which are consumed by all portions of our
people, should either be placed on the "free
list'' or else subjected to the very lightest duty
compatible with the main purpose of a revenue
tariff, while those articles which are known as
luxuries, and which are consumed "by those
whom fortune has favored," should berated
at a price but little below the point of prohibi-
tion. This is well illustrated by the homely
phrase: "Let the poor man's tea and coffee
come free, while the rich man's wine and
brandy can well afford to pay a heavy duty."
In placing articles on the "free list," how-
ever, care must be taken that in doing so we
do not thereby create a necessity for increasing
the tariff on other articles which are already
sufficiently taxed. A reduction in the tariff
can be made, because we can afford to reduce
the amount of revenue which it now yields,
and in doing so those articles which enter most
largely into the general consumption of the
country are the ones which are entitled to the
benefit of such reduction.
It is natural that the advocates of a high pro-
tective tariff should be willing to increase the
free list" by adding thereto those articles
which do not come into competition with our
own productions for the very purpose of creat-
ing a necessity for increasing the tariff on those
articles which do come into such competition,
iiut the consumer would hardly feel that he is
benefited by a so-called reduction of the tariff
by which he would save one dollar on a speci-
fied article and then be compelled to pay two
dollars on some other article which he con-
sumes. And it matters very little to him, in
a financial point of view, whether he pays
these two dollars to the Government as duty
or to his neighbor, who being protected by
T °an y Up0tl him this additional
amouot.
Still, if he pays the two dollars to the Gov-
/T ,receive some benefit from it
from the fact that it goes into the national
Treasury, while in the other case it goes into
