ai2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
toe-pockets of hip neighbor, who thus reaps the
exclusive benefit of it. •
Let us, therefore,- ascertain to what extent,
our tariff is susceptible of reduction, and then
apply this reduction, to those; articles-which are
regarded as necessaries and which enter into
the general consumption -of- our people. The
imported luxuries irj .the use of which many
of our people can afford, to indulge, and in.
which they.desire to indulge, are not entitled
to any of this redaction, and if increase of
duties are desired in any quarter let it bo in
this direction,-and let such increase be met by
a corresponding reduction in articles of prime
and general necessity.
.By theadoptionofthesesiippleaudwell under-
stood propositions in our contemplated revision
of the tariff, we can settle it upon a basis which
is just to all, and should therefore be acceptable
to all sections of the couutpy; while the general
reduction would ensue' to the benefit of the great
mass of our peopl.e, it eould in no respect be
injurious to any particular portion. Whatever
our action may be in.this respect let us care-
fully avoid any legislation which shall inure to
the benefit of any of our citizens at the expense
and to the injury of their neighbors, remem-
bering that all,.whether high or low, rich or
poor, are alike entitled to the protection of just
and equal laws."
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Internal taxation by the General Govern-
ment was forced upon our people by the rebel-
lion. When the nation in its gigantic efforts
to preserve its life was expending from one
million to two million dollars daily, with no
credit abroad except at a ruinous sacrifice, the
only recourse loft was to tax the people, and to
tax them heavily; to tax every branch of trade
and industry; to tax every species of property;
in fact, to ''tax every man and every man's
wife." That time has gone by, we fondly hope
never to return. The suppression of the rebel-
lion was followed at once with a reduction of
this species of taxation, and such reduction
has been gradually going on from year to year,
and is susceptible of a still further reduction.
The amount realized - from internal taxes for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 18G9, was, in
round numbers, $160,000,000; and it is already
known that under the law as it now stands this
amountwillbevery largely increased during the
present fiscal year.
After funding our debt at a lower rate of
interest, and still further retrenching and re-
ducing the expenses of the Government, we
shall not need anything like such an amount
of revenue, and shall therefore be able to re-
move this tax from many of the subjects to
which it now attaches, and probably from all
except spirits, fermented liquors, tobacco,
sales, gross receipts, banking, and stamps on
conveyances. The amount derived from these
sources alone during the last fiscal year was
about one hundred million dollars, and the
anticipated increase for the present fiscal year
may carry this amount, at present rates of taxa-
tion, ta the sum of $125,000,000. Nor do I
conceive it necessary or judicious to increase
the_ present rate of taxation on any of these
articles. One of the greatest evils of any sys-
tem of revenue is a frequent change of rates
of taxation, thus unsettling the calculations of
businessmen and subjectingthe values of prop-
erty thus assessed to constant fluctuations.
The true criterion of taxation should be ascer-
tained, and this rule should then become sta-
ble and permanent. By restricting the internal
tax to these half dozen sources we can dispense
with a very large number of revenue officers
required under the present law, and whose fees
and salaries consume a considerable portion
of our revenue.
Without professing to enter into any details
in the discussion of these subjects, for which
the time allowed me is not sufficient, and whieh
the elaborate and able reports from the Treas-
urj Department render unnecessary, I feel sat-
isfied that Congress during its present session
has it in its power to perfect a financial policy
which will relieve our people from taxation to
the amount, of seventy or eighty million dollars
per annum; and as business increases and the
country is more fully developed still greater
reduction in our taxes can-be made and at the
safne time preserve the faith and honor of the
nation. - - < ' ' -
The good effects springing from the adoption
of a financial policy such as X have endeavored
thus briefly to bring to the attention of this
House and the country will be felt in every
portion of the Union and by all classes of our
people. It will encourage industry and revive
business in all its branches ; it will stimulate
agriculture, trade, and commerce; build up
our towns and cities ; construct railroads and
other works of internal improvement, and en-
able onr people, under the providence of God,
to enter upon a career of unexampled pros-
perity.
national economy.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, we
are just entering upon the long session of the
Forty-First Congress—asession in which I have
no doubt more of general legislation will be
accomplished than in any session since the
commencement of the rebellion. I speak of
legislation bearing upon the general business
and industry of the country.
During thewarall the energies of the people
were directed toward its prosecution, regard-
less of its cost, either in treasure or in life.
Since the close of the war until now the ques-
tion of the reconstruction of the rebel States
and their restoration to the Union, with such
securities as will protect the liberties and rights
of the colored people and secure the blessings
of liberty to all, has almost monopolized the
time of Congress and the attention of the peo-
ple, hindered as we were and delayed by the
opposition of an unfaithful and untrue Chief
Executive. But the war is ended; peace is
restored; the work of reconstruction is sub-
stantially accomplished ; the adoption of the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution is
secured, by which the equality of all men before
the law in all the States and Territories of the
Union is guarantied forever, and the energies
of a free people will now be directed to the
development of the material interests of the
country.
During the four years of war and the five
years of reconstruction the Republican party
has had the entire control of the national Gov-
ernment ; and, sir, we are all proud of the record
of the party during those years of turmoil and
of strife, and of its success in spite of all the
difficulties and obstacles with which it had to
contend in carrying on the war, crushing the
mighty armies of the great rebellion, maintain-
ing the authority, the dignity, and the power
of the Government, and restoring the Union
stronger and more perfect than before.
To the past conduct of the party 1 am not
here to find captious objections or make unjust
criticisms, for, while admitting that corruption
and extravagance have to some extent existed
iu theeonductof the Government during those
years, yet it must be remembered that corrup-
tion and extravagance are the necessary and
universal results and accompaniments of a state
of war from the very nature of things, and more
especially is this the case in a war of the mag-
nitude of that in whieh we were engaged. But
with the return of peace and the restoration of
the rebellious States the necessity for lavish
expenditures and the opportunity for fraud and
peculation obtaining during a state of war no
longer exists, and we trust will never again
exist, in this country; and there is no reason
why this Administration and this Congress
should not now address themselves to the work
of weeding out corruption and extravagance
and bringing the Government back to the prac-
tice of economy and frugality.
And yet, Mr. Chairman, I am aware that this
is no easy task, but, on the contrary, is one
of very great difficulty, and one which will put
to a severe test the fitness and the ability of
the Republican party to conduct and control
this great Government. If it succeeds in this,
as I am satisfied the President intends it shall
succeed so far as his influence and power
goes, and as I am satisfied the Republican
majority in this Congress intend it shall, its
ascendency will be assured for a long time to
come. If it shall succeed in this, it will have
been tried in all things and found true and
faithful in all, but if it fails in this the power
will depart from its hands, despite its glorious
record of the past.
We have, sir, entailed upon us as the fruits
of the slaveholders' rebellion and the price of
our liberties a national debt tremendous in its
proportions. That debt at the close of the war,
on the 1st of April, 1865, as stated by Mr.
McCulloch, then Secretary of the Treasury, in
his report for 1868, was $2,997,386,203; and
on the lstdayof the presentmonth the amount,
as stated by the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury, was $2,453,559,735, being a reduction in
four years and eight months of $543,826,468;
this statement not including the bonds issued
to the railroad companies as subsidies, and
which are in the nature of a loan to the com-
panies.
The debt has thus been paid off since the
close of the war at the rate of $116,000,000
per annum. At that rate of payment the debt
would soon be liquidated; but, as I think prop-
erly,the Government commenced the reduction
of taxation, and from time to time so reduced
it that the receipts which for the year 1866
were $558,000,000, were for 1809 but $370,000,-
000; beinga reduction of taxation to the amount
of $188,000,000 per annum. That we have the
ability to pay this debt is thus demonstrated to
the satisfaction of the most skeptical, and that
it should be paid no honest, patriotic man
will deny. Every dollar of it must and will be
liquidated in accordance with the contract
under which it accrued, that the good faith of
the nation may be assured in all time to come.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mtjngen] in
his remarks on this floor the other day, speak-
ing for himself and claiming to speak for his
Democratic constituents, said:
" It has teen truly said that no large national war
debt has ever been paid except by repudiation
* '■= "for one, so far as the debt
represented by the bonds of th e United States alluded
to by Secretary Boutwell in his last report is con-
cerned—1 mean the bonds represented by the terms
'five-twenties,' 'seven-thirties,' 'ten-forties,'<tc.—I
am in favor of repudiation."
That that gentleman, the Representative of
the Democracy of the fifth district of Ohio,
and many others of his party, are in favor of
repudiation, is not new, startling, or strange.
I congratulate the gentleman for his honesty
and frankness in thus proclaiming his princi-
ples upon this floor to the whole country, but
I assure that gentleman that nothing is better
settled than the fact that the people of this
country intend that this debt shall be paid, and
they will repudiate all repudiators; and as to
the allegation that "no nation has ever yet
paid a large national v/ar debt," if that is
true we will have the honor of setting a noble
example to the nations of the earth of national
honesty and good faith.
And yet, sir, whileitis admitted that we have
abundant capacity to pay this debt, and to pay
it without undue oppression to the people, it
should be distinctly understood that this pay-
ment cannot be accomplished by any trick of
legerdemain or sleight-of-hand performance,
by which the debt will be liquidated without
the payment of money and without taxing the
people. No, sir; this Democratic heresy is a
dangerous delusion, and is the first step, and
a long one, toward repudiation. There is but
one way to pay the debt, and that is with real
bona fide dollars, and those dollars must come
from the pockets of the people by taxation,
either director indirect, and this will necessi-
tate a heavy rate of taxation for years to come.
This the people well understand ; and to all
