2568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April511',
fore leaving Europe the possession of a home
after he arrives ■ here. The plan proposed of
distributing lands in Europe to the emigrant,
who is to become an actual settler, is one of
the grandest ideas of the ago,
Mr. President, let us have one American
steamship line that shall be not only an honor
to us, but that shall extend, by means of pow-
erful steamships, and increase our commercial
relations, attracting emigration to us through
the whole length of the Mediterranean sea and
, all its tributaries, the Black sea, Sea of Azov,
and the Adriatic sea, and add to our commerce
by the way of the Suez eanal, with rapid and
direct intercourse with India, the Malay archi-
pelago, and China. A steamship line, com-
posed of vessels built by Americans, of Amer-
ican materials, owned by Americans, manned
and sailed by Americans, opening and increas-
ing our relations with nearly two hundred
million people of Europe, and over six hun-
dred million in the East, is what our country
requires immediately, when it can be done
without cost to the Treasury as by this plan.
But I beg to press upon the Senate another
important consideration of public economy.
It should be kept in view that the steamships
of the company are all to be of such a charac-
ter that they may at once be converted into
powerful war ships whenever required; that
they will be kept in good repair at tko expense
of tbn company and always ready for the public
service. From the highest source of informa-
tion I am told that it costs tho Government to
keep in commission a Government ship of the
class of tho vessels to be built by this com-
pany at least $1,000 per day, or $860,000 per
annum. At this rate twenty suuh ships would
cost the sum of §7,300,000 per annum, or, for
twenty years, during the existence of the mail
contracts under this bill with tho company,
the snug sum of $140,000,000.
Now, why should this vast annual expense
of $305,000 for each such ship be incurred
by the Government to keep in commission
vessels lying idle in our ports or in the ports
of Europe, where they are of little or no
use cxcept for ostentation and a continual
drain upon the Treasury of the Union? They
are not needed in European ports for tho
protection of our citizens, whose rights are
tliero secured by treaties and supervised by our
diplomatic agents. In the East, indies, or in
,semi-barbarous countries, the national power
and character should be represented by the flag
of the United States. But a large and pow-
erful merchant marine, always ready for the
public service, and that too at a merely nom-
inal expense to the Government, would seem
to bo a wiser policy than to keep in commis-
sion a large number of war ships not only idle,
hut at a ruinous expense to the people.
Let me not be understood as disparaging the
importance of our gallant Navy. [ only pro-
pose another way of promoting its efficiency.
Build up without actual or with merely nominal
expense to tho Government in the way pro-
vided in this bill a powerful marine, which would
be continually adding to the material wealth of
the nation, and at the same time always ready
to protect our national honor, under the control
of naval officers of a high grade, who should
always be found in charge of tho few war ships
necessary at all times to be kept in commis-
sion and sufficient to protect the citizens of
the United States wherever demanded by tho
honor of the Republic.
In regard to the second point, if any further
argument were necessary to recommend this
bill to the cordial and unanimous support of
tiie Senate it is found in the provisions for the
support and education of American youth in
practical seamanship, thus forming a nucleus
of a powerful merchant marine. Upon every
vessel of the company fifteen or more young
men of sixteen years of age and upward will
be in constant scientific and practical training
for this important service. The present cost, to
the Government for each youth in training as
a midshipman at the Naval Academy is at
least $1,400 per annum. To supply this de-
mand, adding to tho theoretical knowledge
obtained at the Naval Academy a thorough
practical training in seamanship, tho company
proposes to educate hardy young American
boys, for tho consideration of a grant of six
hundred and forty acres of the public lands
yearly for four years for each apprentice
so educated on board the company's ships.
Allowing twenty ships employed by the com-
pany, with sixteen apprentices each, there
would be in training yearly, for the maritime
service of the Union, three hundred and twenty
appreutices, at a cost to the Government of
twenty thousand four hundred and eighty acres
of land, which at $1 25 per acre, would bo
$2o,C00. The cost of sustaining the same
number of boys at the Naval Academy, at
SI,-100 per annum for each would ho $50,800,
making a saving to the Government of $31,800
per annum.
Besides this annual saving it should be borne
in mind that the lands so donated, under the
policy of the company, would be settled with
valuable immigrants, thereby adding to the com-
mon wealth vastly more than the price of the
lands; and also that the practical training
of tho apprentices on shipboard would better
prepare them for the public service than the
education acquired at the Naval Academy.
In relation to the third point, these lands in
the southern States are regarded of little value,
and by the provisions of the bill are given to
the States in which they are situated for the
special purpose of promotingimmigration. 1 f
lands of the public domain are granted to immi-
grants under tho homestead laws, why should
not these refuse lands in the South bo granted
to aid the same policy of introducing immigrants
into these States?
liut largo quantities of land in the northern
and western States have been granted by Con-
gress for canals, railroads, and for educational
purposes. Why should not the southern States
share in the same advantages? Why should
not Virginia be beard in this behalf? In the
infancy of the Republic, with more than royal
bounty, she donated to the Republic 2,64^,-
000,000 acres of land. Is it. too much now, in
thegreatness and strength ofthe United States,
for this grand old Commonwealth, on behalf
of herself' and her sister States of the South,
to ask of the Government tho grant of a few
million acres of land to promote this great
American enterprise?
Of the unappropriated public lands there are
11,700,000 acres in Arkansas, 1,800,000 in
Missouri, 4,000,000 in Mississippi, 0,900,000
in Alabama, 0.500,000 in Louisiana, , and
17,500,000 in Florida; in all 49,300,000 acres.
These lands have been long considered as
nearly worthless, and have been almost for-
gotten and out of mind. They have remained
unoccupied because they were unsuitcd for
cotton and sugar lands; but if under the care
of the States m which they lie and the cooper-
ation of this company they were brought into
market and settled by frugal and industrious
emigrants from Europe, they would become
valuable as grazing lands for the culture of
the vine, for silk, for orchards, and for tho
mineral wealth which they contain. If soappro-
priated, they would enrich tho South by intro-
ducing new and varied industrial pursuits tend-
ing to tho wealth and prosperity of the southern
States. Lands similarly situated in the north-
ern States have been so appropriated by Con-
gress, and why may not we of the South ask
for similar favors at the hands of the Federal
Government?
Before I resign the floor I desire to refer to
sundry memorials from different parts of the
country, showing the deep interest manifested
by the public in the success of this great Amer-
ican enterprise.
I hold in my hand tho resolutions of the
Louisville Commercial Convention, in favor of
granting aid to this company and earnestly
commending itto the support of Congress, with
letters accompanying the same from our for-
eign ministers, Messrs. Jay, Washburne, and
Marsh, at the Courts of Austria, France, and
Italy—all expressing an earnest desire for the
success of this enterprise. Judge Shellabarger,
our ex-minister at the Court of Portugal, ex-
presses the liveliest interest in the success of
this company.
I have also the resolutions of the Board of
Trade of Norfolk, urging upon Congress the
importance of (his lino of steamships and ask-
ing the aid sought in this bill. From the
boards of trade in Richmond and Alexandria
memorialists urge upon Congress the policy of
this bill. Tennessee has shown her appre-
ciation of this important measure by having
already passed an act reincorporating the ori-
ginal charter of this company and giving it
authority to locate immigrants and supervise
their interests within her State, and authoriz-
ing aid to be extended to the company by its
citizens, companies, and corporations; and
her noble example, it is believed, will soon
be followed b.y the other southern States.
From Massachusetts also I have the honor
to present a memorial signed by tho Governor
and prom inent citizens of that State, commend-
ing the objects of this bill; and wo commend
this memorial to the honorable Senators from
that distinguished State, and feel confident it
will meet their full concurrence and command
their support of this bill.
From the Umpire State, too, which gave this
company its charter, memorials are before the
Senate numerously signed by eminent mer-
chants and citizens of the city and the country,
and from tho Governor and members of the
Legislature, without^ respect of party, showing
a deep interest felt in that powerful State in
behalf of this great enterprise ; and I trust that
the distinguished Senators from that State will
gratify the wishes of their constituents, and
give the bill their powerful support. _
All these memorials and legislation in be-
half of this company show the fulj apprecia-
tion of this great enterprise as a national meas-
ure, and thereby strengthen its appeal to Iho
aid of Congress.
Mr. President, I will not longer detain the
Senate. I cannot but hope that, when tho great
objects of this company, as provided in this bill ,
when the comparatively small aid required of
Congress in order to insure its complete sue*
cess, and when the more than compensating
advantages to the whole Republic are consid-
ered, when the higher considerations of honor
and patriotism involved in this American enter-
prise, and its tendency to reBtore tho commerce
of the United States from the humiliation of
its present crushed and abject condition are
taken into view, I am free to confess that I
shall feel deeply pained if this bill does not
command on its passage a full vote of the
Senate.
During Mr. McDonald's speech,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up t he unfinished busi-
ness of Saturday last.
Mr. POMBROY. I truht tho Senator from
Arkansas will bo allowed to conclude his re-
marks. lie never takes much time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let him be allowed by
unanimous consent to finish his remarks-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the Senator from A-l'k"
ausas will proceed.
Mr. McDonald having concluded,
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The unfin-
ished business, which was laid aside by general
consent., is now before the Senate.
DEFICIENCY APPIiOPMATION BILL.
Mr. THl/RMAN. Mr. President  
Mr. MOR RILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
