610
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
[April 13,
Ho. of Reps.
International Coinage—Mr. Potter,
41st Cong. ...2d Sess.
poor mail who removes from the North to the
growing West in the hands of speculators and
monopolists who will double the prices of lands.
Pass all the bills now before Congress and you
will take away the greater portion of the public
domain. The grants already given to this com-
pany are enough, and I see no reason to add
another acre, and shall therefore vote against
it'in all the forms it may come before the
House.
International Coinage.
REMARKS OF HON. C. N. POTTER,
of new yoeic,
Is the House of Representatives,
April 13, 1870,
On the bill (II. It. No. 1113) to promoto tho estab-
lishment of an international metrical system of
coinage.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, Tacknowledge
the importance of the subject of international
coinage, and am glad to express my thanks to
the committee for the consideration they have
given the matler. I cannot, however, regard the
plan that has been submitted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania as so free from objections
or so feasible as he seems to regard it. If
the question were now the adoption of a sys-
tem of coinage for the first time, I am willing
to admit that the metrical system would be
generally approved. But coins were already
in existence and in circulation in all countries
before the metrical system was known ; and
the coins now in use were generally, if not
universally, issued without regard to that sys-
tem.
This metrical system, as the gentleman tells
us,was introduced by the French aboutseventy-
!ive years ago, The French savans desired a
unit of length, which should be absolutely and
invariably the same in all countries and at all
limes. Their deliberations resulted in the
selection for that purpose of the ten millionth
part, of the meridian arc between the polo and
the equator. This unit of length they called a
meter. The cube of the one hundredth part
of this meter in distilled water at its maximum
density they selected for their unit of weight,
and called a gtam. It is now, I believe, gen-
erally conceded that the French measurement
and calculations were not exactly correct;
nevertheless, the muter remains us it was lirst
established.
Thegratn, as a unit of weight, has been largely
adopted for scientific and other measurements.
But the gold coin of the world in uso was, as I
have remarked, very generally, if not entirely,
adopted in reference to other units of weight.
Now, it so happens that some of the coins in
circulation, as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has pointed out, do happen—though not
issued with reference to the metrical system—
to accord in weight very closely with the gram
or its multiples. It would, of course, not bo
difficult to adjust such coinages to the metrical
system. Cut before the system can be made
international it would be accessary to obtain
the adheience of those important countries in
which such a system would produce material
changes in their existing coinages.
The unification of coinage has been the sub-
ject of much consideration among tho learned.
As tho. gentleman from Pennsylvania correctly
tells us, aconveution of commissioners was held
in Paris in 1867 for the purpose of conferring
u pun the practicability of establishing a 'f com-
in n unit of money of identical vulue in ail
i-•.'imeretal countrUs,'' by which international
coi.iuierci.il operations should be simplified.
I ;immi, vention embraced representatives from
liir ft cited States, and all the independent
Biiuci.s oi' Europe, excepting the Danubian
principalities. Each nation had but a single
vote, and the convention commenced their
deliberations by considering by what means it
was most easy to realize monetary unification ;
by the creation of a system altogether new and
independent of existing systems, or by the
mutual coordination of existing systems. On
this cardinal question the commissioners were
found to be at last unanimously in favor of its
being more easy to realize monetary unification
by the mutual coordination of existingsystems
than by the adoption of a new system.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania complains
that our representative failed to suggest to the
convention the adoption of the metric system
or of the American dollar. But I understand
the reverse to be the case, and that the con-
vention did very fully consider the propriety
of adopting as the unit of weight this very
gram upon which the bill prepared by the gen-
tleman is based.
Now, however perfect and desirable a deci-
mal system of weights and coinage founded
upon the gram may be, it is no easy matter to
induce a nation to at once change the value of
its coin and the methods of its calculation ;
and I fear the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is much too sanguine in his estimate of the
universal adoption of the metric system. I
notice that tho Director of the Mint, in his
last annual report, remarked that " the Mint
has been using the gram in a small way for
many years.'' lie adds that "the decimal
scale is well fitted for assay and analysis, not
so well suited to hardware and groceries."
The delegate from Switzerland to the con-
vention at Paris remarked, when treating of
the proposition to take as tho unit of coinage
a multiple of the gram of fine gold:
"This theoretic aolution,woukl be wanting ill one
essential Quality—thut of practicability. At thetimo
we have arrived nt, we cannot invent a monetary
uniuiotin relation with any type actually existing."
This view prevailed with the convention.
Their judgment, after a very full and instruct-
ive discussion, was expressed by a unanimous
vote that—
"It would be more ei^y to roalizo monetary uni-
fu-juion by mutual coordination of existing systems,
tsiking into account the.scientific advantages of cer-
tain types anil the numbers of tho populations that
luivo already adopted them."
The plan of international coinage finally
adopted by the conference, with only one dis
seating voice, embraced, as I learn from the
supplemental report of our accomplished com-
missioner, Hon. Samuel B. liuggles, who has
given to this subject so much consideration
and devotion—
1. A single monetary standard, exclusively
of gold, nine tenths line.
2. Coins of equal weight and diameter.
3. Of equal quality.
4. The unit to consist of the weight of the
existing five-franc gold coin with its multiples.
5. Tho coins of each nation to bear the names
and emblems preferred by each, aud to be a
legal tender in all for public and private pay-
ments.
Host nations now coin nine tenths fine ; that
is, nine parts fine gold and one part of alloy.
Great Britain, however, coins eleven twelfths
fine. But the former alloy is more durable ;
and it is so generally preferred that it, may be
assumed that any international coinage must
be established on the basis of nine tenths fine.
The experience of our own country indicates,
1 think, very plainly that there should be but
one monetary standard, and that this should
be gold. Indeed, the only conclusion at which
the convention arrived, about which serious dif-
ference is, I think, likely, is the essential one
of selecting as the unit of coinage the live-franc
piece and its multiples.
Now, if ive are not to act upon the judgment
of this convention, but are to examine this sub-
ject ourselves, it is important to understand
what are the principal coinages of the world and
the relative value of the coins to each other.
Disregarding Canada and Mexico, (which
have a various coinage in circulation amount-
ing in the aggregate to $150,000,000,) the gold
coinage of the world is estimated to be now as
follows, stating their value in our gold dollars:
Nations using or agreeing to tho franc, $1,4.50.000,000
Nations using " " thepouncl, 450,000.000
Nations using " " the dollar, 200,000,000
Nations using " " other gold
coins  300,000,000
Total  $2,400,000,000
The relative value of the half eagle, tho
sovereign, and the twenty-five franc piece in
our (gold) currency is as follows, disregarding
minute fractions:
One half eagle is of the value of... $5 00
One sovereign is of tho value of  4 84.1
Twenty-five francs are of the value of  4 80.9
If the metrical system of currency proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania were
adopted, it would, as I understand him, bo
necessary to reduce the half eagle three tenths
of one per cent., which would give it a value
of, say, $4 98} of the present coinage ; and il
would in such case be necessary to raise the
sovereign about fourteen and a hull" cents, and
the piece of twenty-five francs about seventeen
and a half cents, to procure uniformity of value
in those coins. On the contrary, if we were
to adopt the franc standard, then the change
to unify the coinage of England, France, and
the United States, whose umted action would
control this question, would bo (stated in the
value of our present coinage) as follows:
Piece of twenty-five francs, remaining un-
changed  S4 S0.9
Sovereign reduced in value threo and two
tenth cents   4 80.9
Halt eiude, reduced in valuo by nineteen and
one tenth cents   1 KO.'J
That is, by the gentleman's plan, two thirds
of the coin of the world would have to be
change 1 in value ; and, what would be more
difficult, raised from thirteen to seventeen
cents upon each piece; whereas by the plan
of tho Paris convention, although over two
hundred milliou dollars would have to be re-
duced nineteen and two tenths cents on each
half eagle, the sovereign would only have to
be reduced three and two tenths cents, and the
franc pieces would remain unchanged.
Indeed the English sovereign, us it. is, anproxi-
matesso closely in value to a piece oftwenty-fivo
francsthat.it is now paid and received upon
the continent of Europe as a piece of twenty-
five francs in all retail and ordinary cash pay-
ments. And with sovereigns or Napoleons
alone, a man may readily travel and trade, as
any gentleman who has been lately abroad will
bear me witness, from Paris to Pesth and from
Stockholm to Brindisi. And so great has been
the tendency of European nations toward tho
adoption of the franc coinage, that within the
last ten years Italy, Belgium, Switzerland, and
the Papal States have adopted, and Austria,
Spain, Sweden, Greece, and Roumania have
agreed to adopt, the gold franc and its mul-
tiples.
Now, the gentleman from Pennsylvania as-
serts that the German crown, and the Russian
half imperial, and the Prussian, Saxon, and
Danish pistole, and Spanish isabel correspond,
like our dollar, very closely with the metric
weight; and, referring to the great population
of those countries, and of this, he insists that
should control onr decision on the matter.
But it is not the amount of population which,
it seeins to me, mrt so much eonirol as the
amount of coin in circulation and use, and the
mutuality of dealings: and, as we have already
seen, the franc coinage is now in excess of all
other coinages, and its twenty five francs is
closo in value to the sovereign of Great Britain,
