1870.
THE GOJS'GKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
4457
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Washington, April 4,1870.
I find from the records of this Department that a
letter was addressed to 11. F. llyiui on the 8th of
October, 1857, statin? that the declaration of Sir.
Parker made on the 27th of August of that year was
imperfect, and also that an amendatory d eolation
was ma do on the 20th of December following. The
letter of Auguat 27, ltf37, cannot be found, but the-
tone of the reply to it implies that it way a claim to
the beueiit ol' the act of 18-30. Whether specifically
tendering a bond or not, or whether spocilically ask-
ing to know what Ihopenalty of the bond should be,
does not appear. The record supplementary state-
ment doeu not in terms adk any such question.
E. PKSillNE SMITH.
Mr. YICKERS. I understand from the aili-
davit read by the Senator from Massachusetts
that no such island, exist. New, sir, does it
not tax the credulity of any one too much to
suppose that Captain Parker would have taken
the trouble to go in a vessel to look for islands
which lie had never discovered ? It is impossi-
ble for any one to give credence to that. This
very man, Perriman, whose a&idavit the Sen-
ator has read, dated October 2-3, J 858, after the
death of Mr. Parker—he died in the year 1858—
absolutely proceeded to these islands with Cap-
tain Parker, and found them and assisted him
to raise the United States Hag, and to take
possession ol them in the name of the United
States. I have here his affidavit to these facts,
together with that of Mr. Rich, who was irate
ot the vessel, taken in the month of May, iy-38;
but after the death of Captain Parker, Pernman
makes the affidavit read by the Senator from
Massachusetts. Now, 1 ask the Clerk to icad
the affidavit made by Mr. Rich and this Mr.
Perriman before the death of Captain Parkei,
and who accompanied him to look for theso
islands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Affidavit of TYtliiam il. Perriman and Charles AV/t,
May 1,1853.
0-> tii'h 1st day of May, A. D. 18-33. before me. I\
J. Xinbault, a notary public in and ior the City and
county of tfan Francisco, in the Sfuto of Califor-
nia, personally appeared William li. Pernman and
Oiiaik'S llich, who being duly and severally sworn,
depose and say ; hat the said Perriman is now, ana
v.'ih, eiiptiiiii oi the schooner called the Palestine,
belon;-mcT lo the port of San I'ranci^eo, and that the
.said Ilieh Wi's, and is now, mate of the .-aid tohooncr,
and dining the rime, and iroiu the beeriniuni? to t he
termination <>f the voyage and ertuso of the said
schooner,as hereinafter stilted. Tnat t lie said schooner
belongs to and its owned by Asi B. Stoddard. Charles
JI. Stoddard, and ilobcrt (*. By-xboe, ail citizens of
i he United StaU"? oi America ; and that the haul A.
33. Stoddard and Robert lr. Byxbeo reside m the city
of San Franei-co, State atoiesaid. and the said Charles
il. Stoddard in tiie town of Xew CedlOfd, Massac hu-
That on the i-ih day of January, A. D. IfioS, the
said vessel or schooner wa? pivpaiedand made ready
ior tea, and by the orders of the owners ol the said
schooner took on board \Y. 11. Parker, a citizen ^ot
the United States, with further orders to convey tno
biiid Parkci and to procoed to eeitain inlands in the
Pac.iie ocean winch were ailejed Lo contain deposits
ofcuano. , , ., ,
That in pursuance ot sucaoruors the ^aid velvet
sailed from thchaid port with the f-aid Parker, on
the 8th day oi January. A. D.lSo^, and proceeded to
pro-'ecute the said voyage; and that en tne Vtn day
of March, A. 1). 1838, two bUndo v.ere made from
the !=aid vessel, to wluch the vnd schooner made her
way, and icninmcd Dt and n^arto lhe ?ame ior tno
peiiod of seven days.
That possession was immediately uiken ot tue
paid inland? by the deponents, in company with the
said Parker, and the same were occupied oy them
during this time; and thatsuch possesion was taken
by dcponeijts in the napje oi the United Stales.
That the said islands were found to cont-rn de-
posits of suano, and are not within the lawtuljuris-
diction oi any otherGoveinment, and were notat tno
time they were taken possession ot and occupied by
deponents in the possession and occupation ot ttic
citizens ol any other Government; and that the pos-
session taken by deponents ot the said island-* was
peaceable: that they were entirely unoccupied and
destitute of wood, water, and soil siutab.e ior asri-
culture; and that deponents, after prompt and thor-
ough search, could find no evidence or sisrn ot termer
habitation, nor of occupation, possession, or culti-
vation." , Tit
That these islands are two _m number, distant,
from each other about hall oi one mile; that the
largest of (he two is about one mile and a •quarter
long-, in its length running in the direction ot north-
east and southwest, and that, the said largest island
is about half a mile wide; thatt,ic smaller ot the
two islands is about half a mile long, running in its
length in the same direction as the larger island, and
about a quarter of a mile wide; that the larger island
is elevated about forty ieet at its northeast end, and
about twenty feet at its southwest end, withadcpres-
sion between the two elevations by gentle slopes;
that the smaller island is level on its southwest end
to the extent ot about half its entire surface, this
level ground being about six feet above the sea; and
that the northeast end is elevated about twenty-five
feetabovethelevelof thesea, and slopes down gently
to the said level space of the small island.
That the latitude of the said two islands is about
16° 46'north latitude, and the longitude about 109°
Vi' west longitude from Greonwich. That the depo-
nents first made and descried these two islands from
the deck of thcsaidschooner Palestine at five o'clock
and thirty minutes a. m, on the-9th day of March,
A. D. 1858; and that the said William R. Perriman,
captain ol the said schooncr, landed upon the said
islands at nine o'clock a. m. of the said 9th day ot
Maroh A. 1). 1S53, and was followed by the deponent
llieh, and the said Parker, on shore, as well as by
the crew of said schooner, and that on 'he second
| day, or day next aitor the day of landing, to wit, the
: 0th tiny of March, 1S3S, American flags were raised
j on both islands, and crosses were erected on both
islands about live leethigh bearing the inscriptions,
to wit: '"That the islands were taken possession of
by William 11. Perriman for the owners and char-
terers of the American schooncr Palestine, March
0, ]858, James Buchanan, President."
That the said schooner Palestine left the said
islands ou the evening of the l^th of March, "J858,
having on board about twelve hundred pounds oi
guano. ?>nil arrived in the port of Sau Francisco on
the 2>d ot April, A. I). 1838.
W1 LLTAM T,. PEEllIMAN.
CliAllLUS 111011.
Sr vn: u;.' ("'alii orxia,
Ctfi) ami < 'nitniy of iSV/v, friinciKco, xi:
I. F.J. Thibault, a notary public in and for ^ aid
city and county, residing: therein,duly commissioned
and sworn, do huieby certify that tho foregoing affi-
davit win subscribed by William 11. IVrrimitn and by
Charles Rich, respectively, in my presence, at the
eitv and countv ottSan Fra.ncisco.Cahrornia, and they,
and each of them, did depose and swear that the
matters therein set forth were true.
In witness whereof i have hereunto sct iny^hand
and affixed my ollicial teal a! m> office, in the
[j,, s.] city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, this 1st dav Mav, in the year 1S58.
F. J. THIBAULT.
J\'otary Public.
Mr. VICKERS. I wish to amend the amend-
ment I offered by inserting after the word " Con-
gress, "-and just before the proviso, the words
"'during the pleasure of Congress;" ho as to
re,id .
Tile bait! widuvr and representatives or their as-
signs, amy remove £aann ll'om suid islands, according
t<> (lie requirements and provision-* ot the said jet
ol Congress, during the pleasure of Congress.
I have taken the words from the act and
inserted them so as to conform to tiio very
letter oi the statute.
Mr. COLE. I am not inclined toenter into
any discussion of this bill upon its merits ; but
I have no doubt, from the papers which have
been read here, that the discovery of the islands
was m*de. as alleged, by the party named in
the bill. The fact that m 1858, on the second
voyage of discovery, there was some difficulty
in finding the exact locality of the islands,
which required them to search about in that
part of tiic ocean for some time, does not to
my mind disprove the fact of the discovery at
an earlier date ; nor does the further fact that
there proved to be two islands, whereas tiie
report as first made was that there was but one
island, produce any doubt on my mind as to
the original discovery. Every one who has
been at sea knows that it is very difficult often
to determine whether a piece ot' land that may
be seen is separate from the mainland or not,
and you will not determine that it is an island
often until you have arrived at a particular
point of tlie'compass from the island.
These two islands, or, as it was supposed
originally, one, were evidently seen on the first
voyage from some particular quarter where one
covered the other in whole or in part; and if
one covered the other only in part it was suffi-
cient to keep up the delusion as to there being
but one island, whereas there were two. It is
stated in the affidavit that these islands are but
a short distance apart; they lie close together,
and hence the greater probability of the delu-
sion that existed until the more careful dis-
covery made in 1858.
I do not intend, as 1 stated, to discuss the
claims of these several parties, or to enter into
any discussion as to the legal or constitutional
I rights of the parties, further than to say that a
party making a discovery of an island in a dis-
tant ocean ought to have some preference,
some benefit over other people to what may
result from the discovery.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland.
Jrfr. VICKERS. I am authorized by the
Senator from Alabama to accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin in regard
to the price of the guano, as it is for the benefit
of the people of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin being
accepted, it will be considered part of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mary-
land.
JIv. DAVIS. I do not think the Senate
have a clear and full understanding of this sub-
ject. I have not. It may be one of small or
of very large interest. If the quantities of
guano that have been represented by some per-
sons are to be found upon this island, as the
papers read to the Senate exhibit, it is a mat-
ter of large interest to the people of the United
•States, and especially to the planters of the
United States. Guano is a very important
fertilizer; it is a fertilizer that is used very
extensively in the country, and the necessity
for it will increase as the cotton fields are cul-
tivated from year to year. I have no doubt in
my own mind that these islands were first dis-
covered by Mr. Parker; that he discovered
one of them, at least; and the fact of the sub-
sequent voyage made and controlled by him
in search of these two islands, and these two
islands being found so immediately in the neigh-
borhood of the place where he had described
the island which he had first seen to exist,
would satisfy my mind reasonably that he had
in fact and in truth seen the islands, or one of
the islands, and that he had miscalculated
their exact position in the ocean.
[ would, therefore, be disposed to regard-
him as the first and real discoverer of these
islands according to all the information which
is now before the Senate. But neither lie nor ■
his widow or representatives now have any
legal right, to the guano that may be found on
these islands. The question is, are the Sen-
ate disposed to invest his widow with the full
right to the guano that may be found on these
islands, with the information that the Senate
has now before it of the vastness of the quan-
tities of that most valuable fertilizer that may
be found there? For one, I am not. I say it
would be an advantage greatly disproportion-
ate to the services of Captain Parker in the
discovery of the islands.
Now, sir, I would say that the instrument-
ality of Captain Parker in the discovery of
these islands, and the merit that results to him
and to his widow consequent upon that instru-
mentality, should entitle his family to some
advantage from the discovery of these islands
in the sale of the guano that may be found
upon them ; but if the guano there exists in
the immense quantities that some of the inform-
ation before the Senate would induce us to
believe is the fact, il is an enormous advan-
tage altogether disproportionate to the merits
of the discovery, and which no sense of abstract
justice to his widow or to his family ought to
induce the Senate to give, either to the widow
or to his children, or lo both.
It is not a legal right that the Senate is
appealed to to secure to the widow of Captain
Pat leer ; it is an equitable right. If that right
exists at all, it exists as an equity: and if the
extent of the value of that equity be propor-
tioned to the information of the production ol
guano in these islands that is now before the
Senate, it is a right greatly beyond any intrin-
sic equity which the widow has. in my opinion.
I should say that if these islands are so rich in
guano, an article ot such immense importance
to the agricultural and especially to the cotton
culture of the United States, then it ought not
