1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1625
a grant upon itaface covers for a mile of road
twelve thousand acres of land, and iu this case
1 believe tlie grant covered twenty-four thou-
sand acres, and yet in some localities the com-
pany will not get a thousand acres of land with
which to assist in the construction of the road ;
and if the policy of Congress be to facilitate
the construction of these roads and to deal
honestly and fairly with all concerned, then
these deficiencies ought to be made up as far
as practicable by Congress. Men make their
contracts upon the face of these laws, and sup-
pose that these grants do convey something of
value to these compauies, and it is found upon
examination very often that a large proportion
of the lands are taken and appropriated and
the company gets little or nothing. It is a well-
known tact to those who have lived in the
western States that wherever it is contemplated
to construct a railroad, people anticipating that
event will go forward and occupy the lands,
so that practically the railroad company is
deprived of a great proportion of its grant. I
am iu favor of this joint resolution as it stands,
so far as it proposes to make up deficiencies
to this railroad company; and I hope that this
' will not be regarded as an exceptional case,
but that it will be understood that where Con-
gress undertakes to help in the construction
of railroads it will help in good faith and to
some effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] to strike from the bill
the words which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows:
And. in the event of there not being in any State
or Territory in which said main line or branch may
be located, at tbe time of the final location thereof,
the amount of lands per mile granted by Congress
to said company, within tbe limits prescribed by its
charter, then said company shall be entitled, under
the directions of the Secretary of the Interior, to
reeeivo so many sections of land belonging to tbe
United States, and designated by odd. nambers, in
fncti State or Territory, within ten miles on each side
ef said road beyond the limits prescribed in said
charter, as will make up such deficiency on said main
line or branch.
Mr. CORBETT. I trust that clause will
not be stricken out. This is a road in which
our citizens feel a deep interest, and I fear
that the striking out of that provision may em'
barrass the company very much. The com-
pany are making every effort in order to con-
struct this road across this vast, extent of coun-
try without any other subsidy than this grant
of land through a mountainous country. There
are perhaps a few valleys which are valuable;
but most of those portions of the country are
taken up by settlers. Now, unless this com-
pany can have the privilege of making up the
quantity of land thus appropriated further
back, which will be of less value, of course,
to the company, the grant will not be very
valuable. They ought to have the right to take
these lands in order that they may proceed to
the construction of this road without any
hinderance, and that they may have the land
intended to be grantefl. Otherwise the lands
will be taken up by settlers as fast as they
build the road, so that they will practically
have no land granted when they get through.
It seems to me unless they have this right they
cannot possibly construct the road. I hope,
therefore, that this'clause will not be stricken
out. .
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I deem
( it rather a misfortune that this measure, so
important as it obviously is, should be taken
tip during the morning hour of the Senate. In
rising to speak upon it I for one labor under
the feeling that it will be nearly impossible at
this particular time to attract the attention of
any considerable number of Senators to the
subject.
The general merit of this enterprise of the
Northern Pacific railroad will not be denied
by any, certainly not by me. I regard a north-
ern railroad across the continent as in some
sense a necessary complement of the central
railroad already built, and in operation. I
should regret by any act of mine to interpose
any needless obstacle ■ in the way of the com-
pletion of a northern or of a southern rail-
road. In my judgment, the three railroads are
essential to the proper development of the
whole United States, not only west, but east of
the Rocky mountains; essential also to a close
connection, politically and morally, between
the different parts of the Union. I shall be
ready at all times, therefore, to vote for any
reasonable aid to the Northern Pacific railroad,
as well as the Southern Pacific railroad, upon
whatever route in either case shall commend
itself to the judgment of Congress as upon
the whole the best. But certainly, sir, there
ought to be some method and some measure
in the granting of aid by Congress, especially
when that aid takes the form of lands. I have
already expressed mv strong objection to tying
up vast tracts of the public domain in tbe
hands of railroad corporations or of any private
corporations whatever. The system is a mort-
main, more evil in its nature than that which
was struck down in the early days of the com-
mon law, and far more wide-reaching in its
operations.
So far as the particular measure in hand is
concerned, a few ideas have occurred to me.
I propose to state them in as few words. I did
not expect to speak at any length if at all on
this bill, because I understood that at least one
other gentleman on this side of the Chamber
intended to discuss it fully from the same view
with myself.
The Northern Pacific Railroad Company
was incorporated by act of Congress in 1864.
It has. received from Congress land grants
which it is calculated in the Land Office will
vest in that company the amount of forty-seven
million acres. This is tbe very largest grant
that has ever been made to any company in
the United States. Forty-seven million acres
of the public land I An empire in itself, I beg
gentlemen to observe. More than that, it is
the very richest land grant by a large percent-
age which any railroad company has been for-
tunate enough to obtain, la proportion to its
whole extent, vast as that is, it contains more
good arable land than any other large railroad
grant except the grant to the Illinois Central
railroad in 1850. The latter Land grant, run-
ning through the heart of thai fine State, con-
tains so much land of the fines); quality, that, as
was stated by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Howell} yesterday in his valuable and inter-
estingspeech, that company is to-day the holder
of the larger part of the land—two thirds of
the original grant, I am remi«ded by the Sen-
ator from Ohio at my side, [Mr. Thubman.J
For twenty years, I ask Senators to observe,
has that immense tract of fertile land in the
heart of Illinois been locked np in the hands of
a railroad corporation, held by it as its private
property at whatever prices can be obtained
from the necessities or the sanguine expecta*
tions of purchasers—prices ranging, I have
understood, up to fifty dollars an acre, and even
more.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from California how mnch of
the land grant to the Northern Pacific railroad
is to-day open to settlement practically? I
ask if the savages and the desert and the mount-
ain barriers are not as grasping monopolies as
we have upon this continent, and if they have
not thus far monopolized a majority of the
area of the whole hemisphere ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Scarcely any one objects
to be interrupted upon a questiou of fact. _ I
never object; and I shall not object even, being
a new member, and requiring, perhaps, that
courtesy as often as any one, to being inter-
rupted for the purpose of interjecting a little
or a long speech. But I submit to my friend
from Nevada that after an honorable member
has made the same point three or four times
on the same subject, it is stretching senatorial
courtesy a little too far to ask to make it for
the fifth time while another Senator is entitled
to the floor. The Senator from Nevada, to
whom I am always willing to listen, and gener-
ally listen with interest and instruction, ha3
pressed upon me the same argument in about
the same words so often within a few days
that I think we all understand his view and the
force of it without any further repetition.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator will allow
me to say that I did not intend any discourtesy,
but I did want to call to his mind the position
he occupies in claiming that the Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company monopolized a large
amount of land, and presenting as an infer-
ence from that argument the fact that here
are forty-seven million acres of land which
would be open to settlement but for the rail-
road grant; whereas he and I know that that
land is not only not open to settlement, but
not accessible to settlers, and consequently it
is monopolized by the Indians, by mountains
and deserts; and I should like to ask him if he
prefers the monopoly of inaccessible regions,
the monopoly of desolation, the monopoly of
| barbarism, to the monopoly of railroads?
Mr. CASSERLY. I answered tbe same
argument from the Senator when he first took
occasion to press it on my attention in the
debate on a railroad bill a few days ago. I
: can scarcely be expected to repeat now what
I said then. As to the Senator's dilemma, let
! me say that it is no dilemma whatever. The
Senator knows, for I have so declared to hiio
over and over, that I am not opposed to build-
ing this railroad or any other. Now he asks
me to choose between the monopoly of the
savage and the monopoly of tbe railroad. I
decline to be compelled to accept such a di-
lemma, or to choose between either monopoly.
I am against either monopoly. I know of no
monopoly that any Senator in this Chamber
should favor, except the right of the actual
settlers, to monopolize these lands far them-
selves as a class, in such quantities as the
Government shall determine. That is the only
monopoly I know of which should rightfully
exist in reference to these lands.
The Senator's position appears to be that
because railroads are valuably agents in devel-
oping the country we should be ia a hurry to
bestow upon them whatever amount of aid the;
demand and in whatever shape they demand
it. If they insist upon aid in land, he insists
that we must lavish land upon them by Statea
and empire* in territorial extent. As to what
he says of the character of the country throqgh
which this road passes, and the quality of the
land granted^ I shall have a word to say pres-
ently, and upon authority which will be regarded
as sufficiently good by the Senator from Nevada
himself*
Awhile ago I asserted that except the grant
to the Illinois Central railroad this is. the most
valuable large grant of land that £as ever been
made to a railroad company in the United
States. I ask the Clerk to rsaa from the report
ofthe Commissioner of the General Land Office,
made at this session, the passages marked at
iges 74 and 75.
The Chief Clerk read aa follows:
" The N ortbern Paoifio presents as one of its strong
claims to public attention its comparatively low
summit levels. It proposes to cross the Cascade
mountains in Washington Territory by the Snoqna.1-
mie Pass, three thousand feet above sea level, and
the highest range of the Rocky mountains by Ca-
dotte's Pass, whose elevation of six thousand one
hundred and sixty-seven feet may be reduced to five
thousand three hundred and thirty-seven feet by a
tunnel two and ono eighth miles long. Blodget s
charts show that the respective points where the
Northern Pacific and the Union Pacific pass the main
range of the Rocky mountains are on nearly the same
winter isothermal parallel of twenty degrees I1 ahren-
heit, with about the same winter temperature on
tb9 adjacent plains and foot-hills, and with a summit
level at Cadotte's Pass three thousand feet lower than
that at Evan's Pass.
"The Northern Pacific otters a pretty safe gnaranteo
against these formidable obstructions from snow
wnich the more southern route has already expe-
rienced. The Northern Pacific route claims to bo
the shortest and most central from the tributary
waters of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans. Its main
line, from Lake Superior to Paget sowod, is seven-
