1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
41st Cong,...2d Sess.
The Iron and Steel Swindle—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. op Reps.
which nation has the next largest circulation
of coin. Indeed, so far as I have seen or can
learn, the circulation of Prussia and the other
German States is largely silver and notes, and
but in a very small degree gold. Besides, the
United States, of all important nations, is just
now, as it appears to me, least favorably situ-
ated to initiate a system of international coin-
age, since it has not, and has irot had for years,
and as far as I can judge is not likely for years
to come, to have any general specie circulation
at all.
I cannot, however, satisfy myself that even if
we were to resume specie payment it would be
practicable, without the cooperation of Great
Britain and France, to establish any system of
coinage that other nations would adopt. If
Great Britain alone should be willing to raiseher
coin to the metric standard, we might in that
event well conform our coinage to that system,
if for no other reason than mutuality of advant-
age in our dealings with that country alone.
Just now, with a paper currency in circula-
tion likely to appreciate in value, and only
depreciated some ten to fifteen percent, below
par, to return to a specie circulation some four
per cent, less in value than our present coin
would be more feasible than to return to a cir-
culation of coin at our present standard. So
that if any general change iu our coinage is
now to be made, I should say the better course
would be to adopt the system recommended by
the Paris convention. At the same time I
must say that I conceive any absolute legisla-
tion on our part altering the value of our coin
at the present session, with reference to arriv-
ing at a unification of coinage, would be pre-
mature, and that the true course at this time
would be for the proper Department to enter
into correspondence with England on the sub-
ject, with a view to unity of action, in the first
instance, with that country.
I thank the gentleman from North Carolina
for having granted the floor to me to present
these views.
Tin* Iron iiiKl Steel
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. MARSHALL,
OF ILLINOIS,
Ix tiijs House or Repuesumahvl-.s
June G, 1870,
Oil the bill (II. R. No. 2015) to reduce internal hixci,
and 1'or otlier purposes—
Mr. MARSHALL. Sir. Speaker, pressed
ns we are lor time, and impatient as 1 know the
House to be, I cannot permit this bill lo pass
without expressing my disapprobation of the
tariff legislation attempted to be ingrafted upon
it, and my indignation, which X think will
be echoed by the great body of the people, at
this attempt now, when the revenues are more
than one hundred million dollars in excess of
the wants of the Government, to add in the
most grievous and inexcusable mariner to the
burdens of the producing classes ot the coun-
try. In nearly all the proposed amendments
to the internal revenue laws contained in this
bill I heartily concur. The proposed reduction
of the duties on colfee and tea lias received my
advocacy and approval. To many other fea-
tures of the bill 1 have already given my assent.
But why, when we are considering and in the
main all agree upon a bill demanded by the
exigencies of the country, endeavor to ingraft
upon it and fasten upon us an outrageous and
intolerable increase of duties and burdens of
taxation upon articles that are indispensable
and of universal use? i
I will confine my remarks principally to-day
to the two articles of iron and steel. If I had
time 1 would comment on others, but this will
he sufficient to show the iniquity ot this legis-
lation. For ten weary years the tariff has,
year by year, been increased, and duty has
been piled upon duty, tax upon tax, at the
demand of the protected classes. And now,
when the whole country is aroused, when the
people everywhere are demanding that the
grasp of the monopolists shall be taken from
the throats of the masses, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, abandoning
the bill reported from his committee, and which
has been so thoroughly ventilated, brings for-
ward on his own motion this bill, which we are
not permitted to amend, and must adopt or
reject as a whole, by which we are asked to
vote several millions of dollars per annum of
the money made by the sweat and toil of the
people into the pockets of a ring of unscrupu-
lous lobbyists, who if they had their justdeserts
instead of being thus rewarded, would for the
residueof their days remain within the walls of
a penitentiary. I consider that there is no
crime greater than this. The poor culprit who
steals a horse from his neighbor is driven an
outcast from society. But the well-dressed and
well-fed lobbyist who only asks for the privilege
of robbing an entire people is, forsooth, to be
honored, petted, and "protected."
Mr. Speaker, I find it difficult to confine
myself to decorous and parliamentary lan-
guage in considering a proposition so mon-
strous. Instead of rewarding thus these lobby-
ists, if I had my way I would put a whip into
the hands of every honest man " to lash the
scoundrels round the world."
I have heretofore spoken more than once of
the great, the vital importance of iron and
steel, and the absolute necessity to all the in-
dustries of our country that these muscles of
modern civilization should be furnished to our
people just as cheap aspossible. Thisisabso-
lutely necessary if we would hope to compete
successfully with other nations in traffic and
production. It is necessary to tho prosperity
and happiness of our own people. The price
of these articles enters in some way into tho
eost of every possible thing that wo use or buy.
When we unnecessarily add to the cost of these
we iu some way enter the homo of every family
in the land and lawlessly take from them a
portion of their substance. We thereby en-
hance the cost of every tool, of every imple-
ment, of every machine and factory, of all
railroads, of freights, of production, of every-
thing, and the curses of the poor man, of
an entire people, will be upon us if we do
this thing when the Treasury is overflowing,
the people oppressed, and there is not even a
plausible pretext for so doing.
The House, even this protective tariff House,
but a short time ago voted to reduce the tariff
on pig iron to five dollars per ton. This bill
asks us to fix it at seven dollars. The present
tariff on steel rails ia forty-five percent, advalo-
rem. Instead of taking this tax off and giving
us cheap rails,railroads,and consequently-cheap
freights, we are actually asked to raise it now
to over seventy per cent, ail valorem. And
thiswrong and robbery of tho people is for the
benefit chiefly, as has been clearly shown, of
three wealthy monopo'ists who hold the pat-
ents in their hands, and into whose pockets is
to be put millions of money by this job. One of
these, a member of this House, has the shame-
less assurance to vote and lobby for a measure
so wicked and indefensible to put money into
his own pockets at the expense of the people.
Of all the robberies perpetrated upon the
people in the name of protection this iron and
steel robbery is the most outrageous and the
most inexcusable. The manufacturers of our
country are not alone in their struggle for pro-
tection. They have claimed it everywhere. It
is the result of the uniform grasping greed of
concentrated capital. Human nature is tho
same in all lands and at all times. _ I he cun-
ning few are ever working to enrich them-
selves by cunningly-devised schemes to rob
the unsuspecting masses.
Protective duties are not now, and never
were, necessary to the manufacturers of iron
in our country. All these millions taken from
the people for their benefit have been unmit-
igated, unblushing robberies. This can be
as clearly proven as any fact not susceptible
of mathematical demonstration. And hence,
when, instead of reducing or abolishing the
duties on iron and steel, you ask me to vote for
this steel swindle, I tell you that while there
are many things in this pending bill that I wish
to see adopted I will give no such vote. You
are called upon by the voice of the entire
country to take off at least a portion of these
unnecessary and oppressive burdens. You
come forward with a bill ostensibly to comply
with these demands. But -so ranch has the
machinery of Government of late years been
used for the enrichment of the few that even
this act of simple justice to the people cannot
be done without fastening upon the measure
this job for the benefit of a heartless ring. I
will indorse no such iniquity by my vote. I
am not willing that you shall strangle me or my
constituents with one hand even if you do hold
to our nostrils a bottle of smelling-salts with
the other, professedly with the purpose of bring-
ing us lo life.
Why should wo longer vote these millions,
with all the information we now have, into the
pockets of these men? We have the finest ores
on earth, with the best coal, in inexhaustible
abundance all over our land. We can manu-
facture iron and steel sis cheaply here as it can
be brought to us from any other land on earth.
More than a hundred years ago iron manufac-
tures sprung up and flourished in the colonies,
not only without protection, but in the very
teeth of adverse legislation. More than a hun-
dred years ago British iron-masters were clam-
oring to be protected against their rivals in the
colony of'Pennsylvania. When wc were de-
pendent, and protection was neither dreamed
of nor possible, iron manufacturing prospered
and extended with the growth and demands of
the country. If protection is now at all neces-
sary to any branch of this industry, it is because
of tho enervating influence and heavy hand of
protective legislation. But it is not necessary.
Of this truth the proof is abundant and over-
j whelming. Much of it has been gathered to-
! gether by Commissioner Wells, but it is to be
found all over tho land, and most of it in fact
is taken from the mouths of these very men
who are clamoring for protection.
Indeed, the weight of evidence tends to show
that pig iron eould be produced more cheaply
in this country than itissoldforin Great Britain.
The mean market price of pig-iron in Great
Britain for 18G7-G8, taking Welsh pig as a
standard, was £4 Ss. 'Jd., ($20 3D in gold,)
equal then to $27 12 in our currency. Com-
missioner Wells, in his report of December.
1869, states as the result of his information
and investigations, that on the line of the Nash-
ville and Chattanooga railroad pig iron can be
made and delivered in Nashville for nineteen
dollars a ton; that at Carondelet, Missouri, the
cost, including an allowance for interest, taxes,
and insurance, does not exceed twenty-five dol-
lars per ton. In the valley of the Cumberland,
and in the anthracite districts of Pennsylvania,
the cost was put downat twenty-tour to twenty-
six dollars per ton. This estimate was assailed
by the protectionists as false and unjust; and
this, as is known, led to inquiries and investi-
gations which have caused their utter over-
throw, showing that the fair cost of production
was in fact less than thus stated by Mr. Wells.
And notwithstanding that the numufact urera
have labored to keep back the facts from tne
public, there can now be no doubt that the
estimates of the Commissioner were very lib-
eral instead of being too low.
One of the clearest and most valuable state-
ments I have seen anywhere in regard lo the
