1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
ator from Ohio to yield to me for a moment
with a view of calling up the deficiency bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I will yield for that pur-
pose, not giving up the right to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the defi-
ciency bill with a view to the appointment of a
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1346) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June SO, 1870, and for other pur-
poses, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Ilesolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to tlio said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and disagree to tile amendments
of the House to other amendments of the Senato
thereto, and ask a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of tlio
Senate be appointed by tho Vice President.
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Sawyer, and
Mr. Oasseki.y were appointed the committee
on the part of tho Senate.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. RAMSEYsubmitted an amendment in-
tended to be offered to the bill (H. R. No. 1109)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
1 and for fulfilling treaty stipulations, so called,
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. and ordered to be printed.
enrolled kills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiibrsok, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following eurolled bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 601) declaring the consent
of Congress to the erection of a crib in Lake
Erie by the city of Cleveland, Ohio, for the
proieetion of an inlet for a water-works tunnel
about to be constructed by said city; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1713) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for salaries of United
States ministers, for tho fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870.
northern- pacific railway.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of' the joint reso-
lution (S. li.No. 121) authorizing the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road, and to secure
the same by mortgage, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Wilson, which
was to insert after the word " branch," in the
thirtieth line, the following:
And the additional alternate sections of land
hereby granted by this resolution shall be sold by
the company only to actual settlers in quantities not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, or quarter
section, to any ono settler, and at prices not exceed-
ing 82 50 per acre.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has consented, at my request, to
withdraw his amendment, so as to allow me to
offer an amendment for tho consideration of
the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. For the purpose of allowing
the Senator to get a vote on his amendment
directly, rather than as an amendment to the
one I offered, I withdraw my amendment for
the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts withdraws his amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I now offer an amend-
ment, which I will send to the Secretary's
table, to come in at the end of the resolution.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
And tho rights and privileges hereby conferred
upon said company and the grants of land hereby
made to it are conferred and made upon the foil owing
express conditions, to wit:
First. That the alternate sections of land hereto-
fore or hereby granted to said company, except such
portions thereof as shall belaid out by said company
in town or city lots, and such portions thereof as
shall bo used by it for depots, ditches, water-sta-
tions, round-houses, coal, wood, lumber, and cattle-
yards, sites for workshops, and other buildings or
structures necessary for said road or branch road,
shall bo sold by said company to actual settlers upon
the same, and to no other person or persons; and no
such settler shall be entitled to purchase more than
ono hundred and sixty acres thereof, nor shall he or
those claiming under him receive a deed therefor
until the same shall have been actually occupied by
hira, or by him and them, at least two years.
Second. Tho price at which said lands shall.be sold
by said company to actual settlers as aforesaid shall
not exceed ยง1 23 per acre, with interest at tho rate
of six per cent, per annum upon deferred payments.
Third. Such actual settlers shall respectively bo
entitled to purchase said binds as aforesaid in lots
of forty, eighty, or one hundred and sixty acres.
Fourth. AU said lands for sale to actual settlers aa
aforesaid that shall not bo sold by said company
within fifteen years from tho passage of this joint
resolution shall revert to the United States.
Fifth. Any mortgage or mortgages of saidlands, or
any part thereof, that may bo made or executed by
said company shall bo subject to the conditions afore-
said in favor of actual settlers or of the United States,
and no foreclosure of any such mortgage or sale
thereunder by any trustee or trustees, or under any
judicial judgment or decree, shall operate to deprive
such uctmil settlcrsorthe United States of tho rights
and privileges hereinbeforespecified ; nor shall any-
thingin thisresolutioncontained beheld to waivo the
conditions upon which patents are to issue, specified
in section lour of tho charter oi said company.
Sixth. Within ninety days after the passage of this
joint resolution said company shall file in tho Depart-
ment of the Interior its written assent to the foregoing
conditions, and if it shall fail so to do, this joint reso-
lution shall become null and void.
Mr. THURMAN. Before I proceed to speak
upon the resolution before the Senate I wish to
ask of the chairman of the. Committee on the
Pacific Railroad some information. _ First, I
wish to ask him whether the legislation pro-
vided for in this resolution has been petitioned
for by the Northern Pacific Railroad Company?
Mr. HOWARD. The question is, if I un-
derstand it, whether the company have peti-
tioned for this legislation?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose the Senator
refers to a formal petition by the company ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not aware that any
such formal petition has been presented. This
legislation has been asked for by the agents of
the company who are duly authorized to rep-
resent it before the committees ol' this body,
and urgently asked for.
Mr. THURMAN. There have been, then,
no petitions presented to the Senate stating any
facts or giving any reasons upon which this
resolution is asked. Next, I would be pleased
to know, if the Senator is able to inform us and
will inform us, how much stock has been act-
ually subscribed, and how much of the sub-
scription has been paid up in the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company ? I should be very
much obliged for that information.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 am not able to say. If,
however, the Senator deems it important to
know the facts to which he refers, I dare say
he can find them by consulting the most recent
report of the company filed in the office of the
Interior Department. I have not been able to
look at it myself.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 have made these in-
quiries, Mr. President, because they seem to
me to be material. Here are great privileges
to be conferred upon this company, if this res-
olution shall pass. Some reason ought to ex-
ist why those privileges are granted, if they
shall be granted. A positive provision in the
charier of the eompauy that it shall not mort-
gage its road or property without the assent
of the United States is to be nullified, if this
resolution pass, by allowing it the most un-
limited power to mortgage, directly contrary
to the policy of the original act. In addition
to that, deficiencies that were not to be made
up by the original act in alternate sections are
to be made up to it, if this resolution shall pass.
Still more, if this resolution pass, the main
line of this company instead of being made to
Puget's sound is to be made down the Colum-
bia river and a branch only to be made to Puget
sound, and the point of divergence is veiy dif-
ferent under this resolution than it was in the
original charter; thus enabling the company,
by lengthening the entire line of its road, the
branch included, to obtain a much larger body
of land than it could under its original charter.
Now, sir, when such, great privileges and
such great gifts are proposed to be made to this
company, some reason, authentic, official, veri-
fied, ought to be before the Senate. We are
asked to do this thing without any petition or
memorial on this subject laid before the Senate.
We are asked to do it without one single offi-
cial statement, document, or fact laid before
the Senate. We are asked to do it, as it seems,
upon the personal, oral solicitation of some
agent of this company, made notto the Senate,
but to a committee of the Senate, and about
which the Senate can know nothing except on
the report of the committee.
I do think, Mr. President, that this is a
strange proceeding. Without any memorial
from'anybody asking for this resolution, with-
out any recommendation fromany Department
ot' the Government,, without one single fact
officially verified, without anything whatever
but mere hearsay, we are asked to make this
donation. Perhaps I ought notto use so strong
a term as that, since the legislation has received
the sanction of a committee of this body; but
yet that committee has acted upon knowledge
not one particle of which has been laid before
the Senate, and upon suggestions not one of
which the Senate has ever seen.
Now, Mr. President, let us look at what this
company is, and what has already been done
for it. 'It was chartered on the 2d of July,
1864, nearly six years ago. By its charter
there was granted to it throughout the greater
part of its route, throughout the Territories
of tho United States, every alternate section
in a breadth of eighty miles, being forty alter-
nate sections to the mile. These forty alter-
nate sections to the mile make twenty-five
thousand six hundred acres to the mile; and
these twenty-five thousand six hundred acres,
at tho Government price of SI 25 an acre, will
eomo to a subsidy of $32,000 per mile. _
But that is not all. in addition to this sub-
sidy, equal to $32,000 per mile at the Govern-
ment price of land, there is given to this road
the right of way, and no ordinary right of way
of fifty or seventy-five feet in width, but aright
of way four hundred feet in width throughout
the entire length of the line and the length of
its branches, in addition to this right of way
there is given to it absolutely all the land it
may need for workshops, depots, water-sta-
tions, or any of the other structures necessary
to the road, although they may be outside of
the right of way of four hundred feet.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose the Senator
wants to be correct in his figures.
Mr. THURMAN. I do.
Mr. STEWART. What number of acres to
the mile did t.lie Senator estimate?
Mr. THCJRMAN. Twenty-five thousand six
hundred. If my friend will multiply six hun-
dred and forty by forty he will find that is so,
according to Diiworth.
Mr. STEWART. I misunderstood the Sen-
ato1-- , . , .
Mr. THURMAN. Again, sir, tho right is
given to this company to take from the lauds
of the United States, wherever situate, all the
materials it may need for the construction of its
road, whether they bo wood, or stone, or iron,
or gravel, or what not. The right to take ail
the material it may need or can find anywhere
upon the public lands is given to this eompany
absolutely as a free gift.
That is not all. Of the alternate sections
that are given to it there are no exceptions on
account of either coal or iron. While mineral
sections are excluded from the grant m terms,
it is also provided that the term " mineral sec-
tions" shall not apply to sections containing
iron ore or coal j so that the most valuable
iron ores near I^ake Superior, the most vulu-
