1626
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
teen hundred and scvcnty-llvc miles in length, being
s«vi>uty miles shorter tii vu tho Union Pacific, and
reacliiuc two hundred miles further eastward."
"The Northern Pacific was incorporated by aot
of Congi ess approved July 2, 1804. Its subvention
from t he tieneral Government consists of a grant of
land, including twenty odd-mimbered sections on
cac'u side of the line, or twenty-live thousand six
hundred acres per mile. No loan of Government
bonds has been promised for its construction. But
tho day of such extraordinary endowments ia passed.
Pacific railroad enterprise, however, is entering upon
a self-sustaining stage, and it is believed that it will
bo ut>le to stand upon its own basis, and that doubt-
less the Northern Pacific road will have become,
within the next ten years. an accomplished fact.
Hhould the Government decline further loans for
railway construction an outlet will bo closed for sur-
plus capital, which will be compelled to seek other
investments.
" The undeveloped resources of this company are
attracting the attention of capitalists. Its landed
subsidy is doublo that of tho Union Pacifio road.
Comparatively a very small proportion of its line
runs through an elevated region. Governor Stevens
was of the opinion that not more than one fifth of
tho land from Rod river to Puget sound is inara-
ble, and that this is largely made up of mountains
covered with valuable timber. It is evident that an
immense- agricultural area is hero awaiting devel-
opment. The great wheat-growing regions on the
left bank of the upper Missouri promise speedy set-
tlement upon the opening of an avenuefor the trans-
portation of their produces to market. Each section
of the road as it is completed will, from local traffic
alone, find ample returns for its investment."
Mr. CASSGRLY. The excited imagination
of theSenator from Nevada has seen this im-
mense tract of land through which this railroad
is to rau, and of which the company is to be
the owner for an indefinite period, as a wilder-
ness of sand, of mountain, and of swamp,
roamed over and controlled by bands of fero- i
cious Indians. The calm matter of fact of the
officer of the Government, admitted in this
Chamber to be the best-informed person on
this subject whom we know, pats to flight nil
the fancies of the Senator. He shows as in
the first place that this is the largest land grant
ever made to any railroad corporation in the
United States, doable that granted to the Union
Pacific, which had to carry its road over a line
of unusual difficulty up and over the Rocky
mountainsand across the wild and ragged basin
between them and Salt Lake. Ia the next
place, that the land is in the main of extraor-
dinary value, four fifths of it arable, according
to the report of Governor Stevens, who, I be-
lieve, went over this whole line of coantry at
the time of the explorations for a Pacific
railroad. On the other hand the road has great
advantages in construction and in its business,
as shown by the passages just read.
Under thesecircamstances the question I pnt
to Senators is whether, after this road has had
this nnusual subsidy in lands well known for
excellence and for value, they are prepared,
upon a mere suggestion without proof that
within the limits of the grant the company can-
not obtain the whole quantity of land necessary,
as is claimed, to build the road, the company
to allow to extend its field of selection for the
space of ten miles beyond its exterior line on
either side? The Senator from Iowa, who first
spoke on this subject, [Mr. Harlan,] stated
that the grant as it stands gives the company
one half the land out of a belt eighty miles, or
forty miles on each side of the road. This bill
gives it for twenty miles more, ten miles on
each side, malting in all a belt across the con-
tinent of one hundred miles wide and about
seventeen hundred miles long, from Lake Su-
perior to Puget sound. From end to end of
this great belt you take forty-seven million
acres and vest the title of it in the company!
The mind fails almost to grasp the extent of ,
such a grant, or the magnitude of the powers in '
the Slate which snch a grant mast give to the
corporation endowed with it.
1 shall not repeat at any length what I hare
before said; but the expostulations of the Sen-
ator from Nevada seem to make it necessary
that 1 should state once more that I never was
and am not now opposed to reasonable aid to
the building of great railroads across the con-
tinent or elsewhere, the effect of which is to
open up immense tracts of country,- to bind the
Union together, and to develop all intimate
and wholesome relations between its different
parts. In my judgment the true policy for this
Government, during the period of these im-
mense land grants to railroad corporations,
would have been not to vest the lands in the
companies, but to aid them out of the pro-
ceeds of the lands, or by a guarantee of the
interest on their bonds. A Government which
we are accustomed to account not so enlight-
ened or progressive as our own—I mean the
British Government—has within about the same
period effected the building of four thousand
miles of railway through the mountains and
plains of Tndia, against natural difficulties from
climate, from soil, from the pestilential sea-
sons, much greater than those of any Ameri-
can railroad, except, perhaps, the road across
the isthmus of Panama. All this that Gov-
ernment has accomplished—that vast amount
of railways against such difficulties—with a
guarantee of five per cent, interest on bonds
to the extent of £100,000,000 sterling, or
$500,000,000.
The British Government has great bodies of
public lands in the Old World and the New.
But it seems to comprehend the obvious truth
that land is a peculiar kind of property not
only in its necessity to man, but in the power
which it gives to men over their fellow-beings.
It is peculiar also in this, that of all kinds of
property known to man, it is the only one which
the wit of man cannot add to, let him contrive
or toil as he will. He can make land more
productive, and in that way he may increase
its aggregate value; but on all the surface of
the globe he cannot add one foot of earth to
that which lay in the beams of the morning
sun that first shone upon Adam in Paradise.
Acting upon this idea that Government has
preferred, and wisely as I maintain, to aid its
great railroads in India by a guarantee of in-
terest upon their bonds, it has not bestowed
upon them its lands. It has grown wise by the
experience of England and Ireland, and has
kept its public lands for its people. Money
may be replaced; land cannot be. Land alone
is that property which is essential to the main-
tenance of that class of freeholders in a country
without which there can be true no prosperity
or content. In this country the presence of
sueh a class, and in great numbers, is essential
to the development ot' all national strength and
greatness, and to the efficient working and
rirmanent existence of our free institutions.
observed that this company makes no case
for the relief asked in the bill. We have
merely a suggestion that it is unable to obtain
the quantities within the lines of the grant al-
ready made. What quantities?
M r. HO W ARD. The Senator will allow me
to interrupt him. I do not wish to protract
the debate, but he will see as clearly as the
rest of us do, that if there be no necessity for
making up these deficiencies, the deficiencies
will not be made up. He will see at once that
the extension called for by the joint resolu-
tion, if there be no deficiency, will amount to
nothing, and there is no grant.
Mr. CASSERLY. That presents two ques-
tions for consideration, both of them import-
ant. One is whether the United States ever
guarantied to this road or to any road, in
making a land grant, that the road would ob-
tain any particular quantity within the limits
given. I believe that view has been discussed,
though I heard him imperfectly, by the Sen-
ator from Kansas. If I understood that Sen-
ator aright, he took the proper ground on this j
subject; which is that the United States guar- j
anties nothing in these grants, jast as it guaran- !
ties nothing in a grant to a State, except that if |
the land is there, not disposed of or reserved,
it vests in the grantee. It guaranties no more
than this in a grant for the highest purpose
nearly for which this Government makes a
grant; that is, for the furtherance of education
in the States. The States take every such
grant for better or worse, for more or less.
When the grant to this great railroad company
was made everybody knew that in the onward
movement of the populations of the country,
upon different lines of advance from East to
West, from the Atlantic to the Pacilie, the
public lands were being taken up rapidly, the
better lands first, of course. The company
took its grant with that understanding. It seems
to me that the claim of the company now, so
far as it rests upon the assumption that Con-
gress is bound to make good the deficiency,
if any there be, within the lines given, is an
unfounded claim, because the assumption itself
is without any ground to sustain it.
In the next place, what security is there in
the bill? What guard is thrown about this
measure ? Is there any safety that this road
will not ultimately obtain, besides the forty-
seven millions within the first grant, many
millions more out of the new grant? I may
be told that there is no probability that this
corporation will do anything of the sort. But,
sir, the theory of human law is that in cases
of this kind every man and every set of men,
and of course every corporation, requires to
be held up within certain defined limits of
power and liability. What is to prevent the
company, if it should discover outside of the
lines of the original grant twenty, thirty, or
forty thousand acres of very desirable land,
from having those lands preempted; from
having them taken up by actual settlers—actual
for the moment, actual for the purposes of the
operation ? And in that way yon are opening
the way, you are furnishing an opportunity
and almost an incentive to the company, by
contrivance, under the very loose terms of
this measure, to add several other millions of
acres even to the forty-seven millions already
granted to it by Congress.
I submit to Senators that when you are deal-
ing with acres by the million and giving to a
corporation a general right to take those mil-
lions out of a district of country seventeen
hundred miles long by one hundred miles wide,
upon the plea that it cannot find a certain
quantity ot land within certain lines of that
district, there onght to be some guard, some
security that a power so large, so discretionary
shall not be grossly abused. The history of
great land grants, especially of floating grants,
is full of warning against adopting a bill so
loosely drawn as this is.
I regret, sir, to have troubled the Senate at
so much length in the morning hour, but the
measure before lis is to be important in itself,
and as a precedent is so dangerous, that I
have felt compelled to state such objections as
occurred to me. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] will prevail.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall come to
a vote.
Mr. WILSON. Before the vote is taken on
the motion to strike ont I move to amend the
clause by adding the words:
The additional alternate sections of land hereby
granted by this act shall be sold by the company
only to actual settlers in Quantities not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres or quarter section to
any one settler at prices not exceeding $2 50 per
acre.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of theSenator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] to strike out. This amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts is not in
order until the question is taken on the motion
of the Senator from Iowa to strike out.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall take the
vote on that.
Mr. WILSON, I understand the motion is
to strike out certain words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. WILSON. Is it not in order to amend
those words before the vote is taken on strik-
ing them out ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
desires to retain these words.
Mr. WIL80N. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the pro-
posed amendment is clearly not in order.
