4458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
to be allowed as a monopoly to the widow of
Captain Parker, or to any "ring" that may
be connected with it iti asserting the claims
of her husband as the first discoverer of these
islands.
These islands ought to be thrown open and
free to every ship of the United States that
should visit them for the purpose of obtaining
this fertilizer; and I would be willing myself to
vote something in the form of a regia to the
widow of the first discoverer of these islands, as
a compensation for the service her husband ren-
dered the country in having made the discovery.
But, sir, when he, if living, would now have no
legal right to the guano that might be found on
these islands; when his right, if living, would
be au equitable right; when the only right which
his widow can have is au equitable right to a
restricted sum, its extent to be measured by
the number of the family which Captain Parker
may have left, I would be utterly unwilling to
vote to pay to the widow of Captain Parker or
to any "ring" that may be connected with her
the entire guano production of these islands.
I think, if the Senate have a disposition to be
just and liberal to Airs. Parker, and also just
to the country and to the people of the United
States in the acquisition and appropriation of
this important fertilizer, they ought to refer
the bill back with instructions, or with an
understanding that some less compensation
than the total product of the guano of these
two islands shall be voted to the widow as her
compensation.
Mr. VICKERS. I hold in my hand the
petition of Captain Parker, which he presented
to the State Department, in which he speaks
of the discovery of two islands, lie called
them "Johnson" and "Agnes," after his son
and daughter; so that he did discover the two
islands in the first instance. But, sir, I will
not prolong the discussion. Unless this guano
comes to the United States it will go into the
hands of foreigners. If this bill does not pass
it is the property of every one who chooses to
take it; but if this bill passes it will liave to go
to citizens of the United States at a reduced
price.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. In the third line of the
first section, I move, after the name " Harriet
E. Parker," t,o insert "the widow and the
legal representatives of William II. Parker
are." Then the bill will read :
That Harriet E. Parker, the widow, and the legal
representatives of William H. Parker, are hereby
decl.ned to be entitled to all the riylits which the
said William H. P;uker, deceased, may have had to,
as discoverer, to two small islands in the south Pacific
ocean.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator from
Maryland in what proportion the widow would
be entitled to it, and in what proportion the
legal representatives? The laws ot the States
govern the distribution of property and settle the
proportion of the widow and legal represent-
atives respectively.
Mr. VICKERS. I suppose the law of the
proper State will determine that question.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed—
ayes twenty-eight, noes not counted.
Its title was amended "so as to read: "A bill
for the relief of Harriet E. Parker, and the
legal representatives of William II. Parker,
deceased."
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed n, bill (EL R. No.
2:30-1) authorizing the judges of Wyoming Ter-
ritory to define their own judicial districts;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
MINING CLAIMS.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (U. R. No. 562)toamendanactgrant-
ing the right of way to ditch and canal owners
over the public lands, and for other purposes,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Orange Kkrriss of New York, Mr. A. A.
Sargent of California, and Mr. Jambs A. John-
son of California, managers at the same on its
part.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 562) to amend an act granting
the right of way to ditch and canal owners over
the public lands, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the-llouse, and
agree to tlie conference asked by the House of Repre-
sentatives on the disagroeingvotes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Seriate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Stewart, Mr. Cole, and Mr. Casserly.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes, as iu Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (H. II. No. 1087) to define
the duties of pension agents, to prescribe the
manner of paying pensions, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask my friend from
Vermont to allow me to take up the railroad
bill before we proceed to the consideration of
liis pension bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend musj; excuse
me. His railroad hill 
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the Senator will
allow me to call it up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must be excused. We
must finish this bill now ; tbeu I will vote to
take up the railroad bill against everything else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pension bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I move the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And he it further enacted, That in any State or Ter-
ritory in which there may be a national bank or
banks the Secretary of the Interior shall name a
bank in such State or Territory as the agent of the
United States, to receive and disburse the whole pen-
sion fund to be disbursed in such State or 'ten itniy,
and it shall be the duty of said bank to disburse sncli
pension fund according to law: Provided, That the
said bank shall execute the like bond for the per-
formance of its duties in the disbursement of the
funds herein directed to be deposited with it as pen-
sion agents ore required to execute: And proiuded
fuither, That said bank sh:i)l disburse said iund
without charge or cost to the United States, or to any
pensioner.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not want to occupy
any time about that. There never was any
such law before. My friend was mistaken in
supposing that the Bank of the United States
and its branches had done this duty in this
way. The Bank of the United States and its
branches, as 1 find by looking at the law, could
only have performed the same functions that
the national banks now perform ; that is, they
held the money subject to their responsibility,
and paid it out upon the checks and orders of
the loan commissioners of the States, who ex-
ercised the functions of pension agents before
pension agents were appointed. I do not want
to occupy time about this ; I should be as glad
as my friend to save money to the Treasury;
but 1 am satisfied on investigation that we
cannot do it in this way.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the honorable Sena-
tor is mistaken about the fact. I believe con-
fidently—such is my recollection and informa-
tion—that the branch of the Bank of the United
States at Lexington did perform all the duties
of pension agent.
Sir. EDMUNDS. I have the law before me,
which required the Bank of the United States
and all its branches to pay out the public moneys
of the United States without any charge, just
as the national banks have to do now. They
do not get a penny for it. Until we appointed
pension agents it was provided about the year
1809 or 1810 first, and again down to 1830—it
was not done all at once—that the loan com-
missioners of the States should exercise these
duties under the Secretary of War, who first
had charge of pensions. Then followed pen-
sion agents to exercise precisely the same duties
they do now; and the bank was required to
hold the money and pay it out just as the
United States depositaries do now, without any
compensation at all.
Mr. DAVIS. But the bank at Lexington
paid out the money without the intervention
of any other pension agent, for many years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it did it contrary
to law.
Mr. DAVIS. This proposition will do no
liat-in. If the banks are willing to accept the.
duty upon the conditions there described, of
course it will be an advantageous arrangement
for the Government and for the pensioner. If
they will not accept the duty on these terms
there is an end to it, and the pension agent is
appointed as though this proposition had not
been made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend leaves out of
view an important point here ; and that is that
if you intrust this matter to abank as the agent
of the Government you have no means of
knowing, except through the very party inter-
ested in having its vouchers allowed, whether
the vouchers that it returns are genuine or not,
whether the vouchers it returns represent the
same state of facts that they ought to have rep-
resented. Now, as it stands, the pension agent
is a check upon the depositary and the deposi-
tary upon the pension agent, and the pension
agent, as the selected officer of the Government,
has a duty imposed upon him to see to the
genuineness of these certificates, to see that
nothing has occurred which would disentitle
the pensioner to his money, and report it to
the Government. That investigation, with the
great number of pensioners we have, it is indis-
pensable to the secuiity of the Government
should be performed by a selected officer of
the Government. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. DAVIS. One word. The honorable
Senator tries to confuse, I think, by sophistry
a very plain and narrow proposition. The
whole duty and office of the bank that this
section proposes to impose upon it is just the
payment of money by the bank-upon paper, as
every bank every day of the year and almost
every minute of its banking hours is paying
out. All the money that is paid out is upon
the responsibility of the bank. It has to pay
the proper men, and if it does not pay the
I money to the proper men the payment is at
I the loss of the bank. There will be no loss to
j the Government if the bank is imposed upon,
i The bank assumes the responsibility of dis-
bursing the money according to the law, and
the law requires that the money payable in
discharge of pensions shall be paid to the
party entitled to receive it or his authorized
agent. The bank is to see to all that itself. It
is to insure its payments. It is to protect the
Government against all loss. It is bound to
i pay to the proper party or the agent of the
J proper part}', and if it pays to ail improper
j party it is 110 pa)incut at all; and when the
proper party presents himself he is entitled to
receive payment from the bank. There is no
loss to the Government; the bank has to make
good the payment which it has improperly
j made.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
j the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky-
The amendment -,,-as rejected.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strike out sec-
tion nine of the original bill, or section seven
of this bill as now amended, and to insert in
lieu thereof:
And be it further znitcted, That no attorney shall
