314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
teaches me that Indian wars are tedious and
very ■ expensive,- and that it is bur policy to
avciid them if possibje.
Treat .'the Indians like felloe-men, let im-
plied good faith, honesty, and kindness mark
the conduct of alt those having control of
Indian affairs, arid after sufficient length of'
time to acquire their confidence I doubt not
but that the entire Army can be withdrawn with
safety, and a vast expense saved to the nation ;
a great reduction made in the ArnSy and ill the
expenses of that Department.
The civil and miscellaneous expenditures
should also be reduced materially, in my judg-
ment, to $40,000,000; and in saying this I
desire to cast no imputation upon the judgment
of the Secretary of the Treasury, than whom
the Government has no more honest, faithful,
and competent officer. His estimates were
made, as he states, upon existing laws. It is
the province of Congress to so change and
modify the laws as to justify the reduction.
CJpon a class of expenditures coming under
this head I desire to say a word, as from the
bills and resolutions which have been already
introduced I am satisfied large expenditures
will be asked at this session for this purpose.
I refer to the appropriations for the erection
of public buildings. I think we could well
practice a little more economy in this respect.
In this way lam satisfied large sums of money
are squandered every year. The question in
the erection of these buildings is not how
cheaply buildings sufficiently commodious and
artistic can be provided, but rather how much
money can be obtained from the Government
to cnrichthe contractors and benefit the imme-
diate locality interested financially and the
member of Congress from that district polit-
ically by giving him character for industry and
attention to the interests of his constituents;
and the manner in which these appropriations
arc generally obtained here, being put in an
omnibus bill and every member whose district
is fortunate enough to have a public building
or a harbor appropriation in the bill agreeing
to vote for the entire bill for the purpose of
securing his own and regardless of the merits
of the different objects, is certainly, to call it
by no harsher name, a very unwise manner to
appropriate public money, and this kind of
legislation ought to cease ; and yet, sir, there
is no way U> remedy it but by the sense of duty
to the entire country of each individual mem-
ber. Every appropriation should stand upon
its own merits, and none should be carried
through upon the strength of others.
And, sir, after appropriations are made there
has been no limit apparently to the expendi-
tures. A custom-house, court-house, or post
office is secured at a certain point, anil, say,
5-50,000 appropriated for its erection ; the Gov-
ernment architect goes to work and gets up a
plan for a house costing, say, $200,000; the
$50,000 is put into the foundation, and at the
next Congress an additional appropriation is
asked to complete it, and we are told that the
money to complete it must be appropriated or
all that is put in is lost; and it is done. My
own belief is that the great majority of our
public buildings cost from two to three times
what they should cost if proper economy and
honesty were exercised in their construction.
One of the few exceptions is the Agricul-
tural Department here, recently finished, which
was built under the _ supervision of Hon.
Horace Capron, Commissioner of Agriculture,
and which is one of the finest buildings in this
District; a model of architecture and of work-
manship, superbly finished and ornamented,
and the entire cost of which was $98,000. I
would be glad if the members of this House
could see, side by side with this Agricultural
Department, some of the post offices or cus-
tom-houses of the country recently built by
the Government and costing from two hundred
to two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and
note the difference between honest economy
and reckless, if not dishonest, extravagance.
Some years since the Government com-
menced an addition to the Treasury building,
known as the extension of the north wing.
Prom 1860 to the present time every Congress
has made an appropriation for that extension
from two to five hundred thousand dollars each
year, until the entire appropriation which has
been made and used in that extension amounts
to between three and four million dollars. This
immense sum of money may have been judi-
ciously and economically expended, but I say
frankly that it is difficult to see where the
money has been expended. I am informed
that one room in that extension, the room
known as thegoldroom, cost$130,000, $32,000
more than the entire Agricultural Department.
The marble in that room is said to have been
brought from Italy, and the work upon it done
in Florence. This may be all right; but I
submit, sir, that it is not the kind of economy
the people of this country desire at this time,
and I trust that the proper committees of this
House will find out some remedy for this state
of things and for abuses which we all know to
exist in connection with this part of the public
service.
There has been disbursed by the construction
branch of the Treasury Department, really as
I am informed under the control of one man,
the architect of the Treasury, for public build-
ings in the year 1868 $1,000,000; in the year
1869, $1,475,000 ; and the appropriations al-
ready made to that branch for the year ending
June, 1870, amount to $1,800,000; and I pre-
sume we shall have a large deficiency bill for
1870, and this Department only includes work
on Treasury building, custom-houses, court-
houses, and post offices. We have a Committee
on Expenditures in the Treasury Department,
of which my colleague [Mr. Allison] is chair-
man, who I trust will look into this matter and
give the country some light on this interesting
subject; interesting, at least, to the tax-payers.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not pretend to
aspire to be particularly a champion for econ-
omy, or to acquire any glory by advocating it;
my observation is that the reverse is the reward
a member receives for taking that course, at
least in this Hall and this Capitol. I simply
desire as an humble member of this House,
and yet a Representative of a large and deeply
interested constituency, to do what I may to-
ward making good our pledges to the people
of retrenchment and reform.
Our constituents desire this not so much for
the purpose of a more rapid liquidation of the
public debt as for the purpose of the reduction
of taxation. The State and local taxation of
the people, especially of the West, is very
heavy. The improvement and building up of
a new country, supplying it with public build-
ings, with general and local improvements,
churches, school-houses, and colleges, and sus-
taining them, often in sparsely-settled com-
munities with comparatively but little wealth,
necessarily require heavy taxation.
The opening up of the southern States to
trade and commerce and the increase of busi-
ness over the entire country has rendered the
supply of currency inadequate to the wants and
necessities of business, thus causing a strin-
gency in the money market which is severely
felt, and in consequence of which, taken in con-
nection with the extortion of railroad compa-
nies, has materially reduced the price of the
agricultural products of the West. The people
have borne heavy burdens during the war and
they want rest. And, in view of all the facts, I
have, sir, no hesitation in saying that it is not
the policy of true-statesmanship to attempt to
hasten the payment at an early day of the prin-
cipal of our debt, but instead thereof to obtain
the refunding of the greater portion of it at a
lower rate of interest and to reduce taxation.
Our revenue is larger than is necessarynow,
and with decreased expenditures taxation can
be materially reduced. Soiar as it can be done
without reducing the revenue too much let the
duties be removed from all articles of necessity
and of comfort which cannot be produced in
this country to the extent of our wants; first
of all, on tea, cofl'ee, and sugar, those comforts
alike of the poor man's cottage and the rich
man's mansion, and in the words of a great
British statesman, " Let all the people have:
free breakfasts."
Do this, and give to the West and South
$50,000,000 additional of currency, that tlie
business and improvements of tho country may
be carried forward, and, with the energy and
power of the nation directed into the peaceful
channels of agricultural, mechanical, and com-
mercial industry, the country will improve as
with the touch of a magic wand. All its desert
places will be made fruitful and its waste
places built up under the fostering care of a
kind, just, and frugal Government.
To my mind, sir, this is the path pointed out
to us by true statesmanship in which to walk,
and which leads to peace, contentment, and
happiness, instead of that other path, the goal
of which is national conquest and glory, and
which, although for the time being may dazzle
the people with the glitter of its pomp and
power, will assuredly end in national bank-
ruptcy and national ruin.
The committee rose informally; and Mr.
Dawes took the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker
of this House has been obliged to leave the
city temporarily. Before he left he appointed
the present occupant of the chair as Speaker
pro tempore.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
pro tempore signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 679) making a temporary
appropriation for the prosecution of the work
upon the improvement of the Des Moines rapids
in the Missiasippi river;
An act (H. R. No. 695) making appropri-
ations to partially supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1869 ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. i) relating to
steamboats and other vessels owned in the
loyal States; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) of tribute
to the memory of George Peabody, deceased.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session, Mr. Ingersoll in the chair.
rights of states.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I design
to occupy the time which is allotted to me to
speak upon a matter of national importance,
but yet bearing particularly upon the interests
of my own people.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me one moment to make a remark? I see the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
in his seat, and I desire to refer to the subject
to which he alluded to-day. I ask but a
minute.
Mr. SARGENT. I will yield to the gentle-
man for that purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I was
very much refreshed this morning at the re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] who I see is now in his seat. I
little expected yesterday when I predicted that
the next advance of the House of Representa-
tives would be made upon the Seriate of the
United States that my prediction would be
verified so soon. But wl?en I see the gentle-
man from Massachusetts so suddenly coming
to the rescue I yet have hopes that the States
of this Union are not entirely to be ignored or
destroyed. I had no doubt when these meas-
ures of reconstruction were brought into this
House by the Republican party that the day
would come, and come soon, within the life-
time of those of us who were then upon this
floor, when the gentlemen who were the most
ardent in advocacy of the destruction of the
