1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2571
tainly no violation of plighted faith, no viola-
tion of vested rights, no violation of honor, if
we impose conditions upon them.
I call upon the Senate to mark the fact, that
this company does not show that it has invested
one dollar in this enterprise; it does not show
what is the amount of its capital stock, if it has
any at all; it does not show that of the stock
subscribed, if there be any such subscriptions,
one dollar has been paid; it shows nothing
done upon the faith of this legislation. That
being the case, I say there would be no bad
faith, if the public interests required it, if we
were to repeal the charter, as we have the right
to do. But if that will not be done, we may
impose such conditions upon it as the public
interest requires; and if the public interest
requires that we shall secure this land to actual
settlers, we ought to do it now. It ought to have
been done at first, but it is better that it should
be done late than never done at all.
But that is not all, sir. If this resolution
pass we give a sufficient consideration to this
company to justify us in imposing this condi-
tion. We give to it the right to make its main
road down the Columbia river, to make its
branch road to Puget sound, and by that means
to lengthen the amount of its rail and give it a
much larger subsidy in land than it can get
under its original charter. That is one thing
that we do. We give it the right to execute a
mortgage and put its bonds on the market, and
thus facilitate, if that will facilitate, the con-
struction of the road. And when we give it
such great privileges as these we have a right
lo ask in return that it shall not become the
great monopolist of this public domain, but that
jt shall sell it to actual settlers, and to actual
settlers alone. I say, then, there is nothing of
bad faith, nothing that can taint the morals of
this Government in saying to this company,
" if you want these new privileges which this
joint resolution would confer upon you we
will make them, but only upon the conditions
ex-pressed in this joint resolution."
The other part of this first condition provides
that the lands shall be sold to actual settlers
only. Senators will observe that it does not
include by the terms of the amendment any
lands laid out by the company for towns and
cities; it does not include any of the lands
which may be needed by the company for con-
veying water to the road or any of its ditches.
It may have to convey water for many miles to
the road. This amendment excepts all such
ditches, all water-works and water stations, all
depots, all lands needed for workshops, for
cattle, iron, lumber, and stone yards, or any-
thing of that kind, from the operation of the
clause which requires the land to be sold to
actual settlers. In other words, it is only that
land which the company is to sell, and not in-
cluded in towns and cities, that I propose they
shall sell to actual settlers, and to no others.
The provision that no actual settler shall be
entitled to buy more than one hundred and
sixty acres is, I think, a provision that will
commend itself to every Senator. The pro-
vision that he or those claiming under him shall
be required to dwell upon the land for at least
two years before getting the deed is also a pro-
vision that I think needs no argument in its
support.
I pass, then, to the second condition :
Second. The price at which said lands shall be
sold by said company to actual settlers as aforesaid
shall not exceed $1 25 per acre, with interest at the
rate of six per cent, per annum upon deferred pay-
ments.
I have put the price at $1 25 per acre be-
cause I believe in cheap lands for the people;
but if the Senate approve the general idea of
these conditions, and think that is too small
a price, that the maximum, ought to be higher
than that, then it will be for the Senate to say
whether it shall be increased to §2 or $2 50,
or whatever amount the Senate may see fit to
fix. I think the provision in respect to interest
is very important. If you put in this resolution
a restriction upon the price, be it §1 25, be it
$2, or be it $2 50, inasmuch as this company
may sell its land for cash in hand or upon de-
ferred payments, it would be entitled to have
interest upon the deferred payments, and in
most cases it could stipulate for any rate of
interest it pleased. In most of the Territories
the rate of interest, I believe, is not fixed, or
is fixed at a very high rate. This road will go
through some parts of the United States where
perhaps there is no usury law at all, or no law
fixing the rate of interest. If you let them sell
this land at $2 50 an acre, and sell upon de-
ferred payments, as they will, they will put the
rate of interest on the deferred payments at
twenty-five per cent., perhaps, per annum.
You should therefore restrict them in the rate
of interest they shall ask on deferred payments,
otherwise they will completely evade any limit-
ation you may put on the price of the land
by making the rate of interest so high that it
will give them a price far exceeding the limit
that you have placed.
The third condition is:
Such actual settlers shall, respectively, be en-
titled to purchaso said hinds as aloresaid in lots of
forty, eighty, or one hundred and sixty acres.
I, consider that a very important condition.
It is of no use to provide that the land shall be
sold to actual settlers unless you give them the
right to buy in small tracts. You should give
the forty-acre lot man just the same right to
get forty acres that is given to the one-hundred
and sixty acre lot mail to get one hundred and
sixty acres ; and so with the eighty acre-lot man.
Therefore I consider it of the greatest import-
ance, if wo are to require the lands to be sold
to actual settlers, that we shall give them the
absolute right lo compel this company to sell
to them iu tracts of either forty, eighty, or one
hundred and sixty acres. Otherwise the com-
pany may keep any man from buying a foity-
aere lot whenever in its whim, its caprice, or
its interest it sees fit to do so.
The fourth condition is :
All said lands for sale to actual sottlex-? a? afore-
said that shall not ho so sold by said company wit bin
fitteen years irom the passage of tins joint resolution
shall revert to the United States.
This provision is absolutely necessary in or-
der to enforce the other provisions. It will not
do to leave these lands in the hands of this
company an indefinite period of time, even if
you provide that they shall be sold to actual
settlers. You must fix some time when if they
shall not have been thus sold those unsold
shall revert to the United States. I think fif-
teen years is a liberal period ; I should say quite
liberal; perhaps too liberal; but I am willing
that they shall have fifteen years within which
to make the sale, and if they be not sold in that
time then they shall not be held by the com-
pany, but shall revert to the United States.
The fifth condition is:
Any mortgage or mortgages of said lands, or any
part thereof, that may bo made or executed by said
company shall be subjoet to the conditions aforesaid
in favor of actual settlers oroftho United States, and
no foreclosure of any such mortgage or sale there-
under by any tiustee or tiustees, or under any judi-
cial judgment or decree, shall operate to deprive such
actual settlers or the United States of the lights or
privileges hereinbefore specified.
So far, that is plainly necessary if the former
conditions be adopted. Then the close of this
condition is necessary whether these conditions
be adopted or not:
.Nor shall anything in thu resolution contained
be held to waive the conditions uponwliich patents
are to issue specified in section four of the charter of
said company.
Section four of the charter of the company
provides that patents shall issue from time to
time as twenty-five miles of the road shall be
completed, and so on as every twenty-five miles
shall be completed. Now, if subsequent to
the passage of that charter, which thus limits
the issuing of patents to the alternate sections
opposite to the completed twenty-five miles of
road, you give this company the power to mort-
gage all its property, a seiious question arises
whether you do not vest in the mortgagees an
equity as against the United States that will
override this provision limiting patents to the
sections opposite the constructed road. To
guard against that—for Isuppose nobody would
wish that these mortgagees should take any
more right than the company have in this re-
spect—I provide that no such mortgage, nor
any foreclosure or sale under it, shall require
the United States to patent the lands any faster
than by the charter it is provided they shall be
patented.
The sixth condition is that the company shall
assent to these conditions, otherwise this joint
resolution shall become null and void. It does
not, therefore, force the conditions upon the
company. It leaves the company to decide for
itself. It says to the company, "You have
already the most beneficent grant ever made
by any Government in the world to an enter-
prise of this kind ; go on and construct your
road under that grant if you see fit; but if you
ask us for more privileges, more rights, more
grants, then assent to this proposition ; decide
for yourself, and whichever way you decide so
will the law be." This is perfectly fair to the
company, aud it is fair to the United States.
Mr. President, I shall not take up the time
of the Senate by going over the general con-
siderations which on a previous day I had the
honor to present. It was not my purpose to
argue this question at length to-day, but simply
to offer this amendment and explain thegrounds
upon which I offer it, and to call the attention
of the Senate to the enormity of the privileges
and grants that have already been made to this
company. 1 wish to say, however, in conclu-
sion, that I am no enemy to the policy of aiding
railroad compauies to make roads through the
Territories of the United States where the pub-
lic interest requires them to be made. On the
contrary, 1 am as friendly to such enterprises,
where they are judicious, where they are needed,
as any Senator on this floor. My objection
goes not to the construction of the roads where
they are needed, nor to Government aidwhesa
Government aid maybe properly given; but it
goes to the policy of vesting the fee in hundreds
of millions of acres of the public land in a
monopoly, in a corporation of perpetual dura-
tion, and that may hold these lands just as long
as it sees fit, and make them the means of
oppressing the people throughout all time to
come. That is my objection.
If we are to grant aid to these railroads let
us do it in some other way than by vesting the
fee in these companies. Let us do it either by
giving the proceeds of the alternate sections,
letting the sections be sold by the Govern-
ment as they are now sold under the laws of
the United States, or let us do it by guaranty-
ing the interest upon a reasonable amount of
the bonds of the company where we are satis-
fied that the company is on a solid foundation,
and the road is one that ought to be built, and
ought to be built now. Let us do it in one of
those two ways, or find some other way to do
it than by vesting in a single railroad company
more land than there is in the States of Ohio
and Indiana—vesting in four railroad com-
panies more lands than there are in the five
northwestern States. Let us do it in some
other way than by making the companies the
greatest land monopolists that this country or
any other country ever saw.
I say again, I am not opposed to giving aid to
railroad companies where railroads are needed
if they run through the Territories of the United
States; but I am unalterably opposed to vesting
the fee of the land in such companies. 1 will
vote to give them the proceeds of the alternate
sections to a proper amount, letting the land
be sold by the Government of the United States,
as it is now sold ; or I will vote to guaranty the
interest on their bonds when satisfied that the
company is a sound company and the enter-
prise one that ought now to be undertaken. I
will do that as freely and as liberally as any
Senator o« this floor. I will not go- into a
wasteful extravagance. 1 will not be willing
to give aid to every company that may see fit
