1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5403
make the motion for Ihe purpose of consider-
ing the Australian steamship bill this evening,
upon which I wish at, that time to offer some
remarks, as it is obvious that 1 shall have no
other opportunity during the session ; and as
this is Saturday, I suppose the consideration
of a bill of that kind will not interfere with
the business of Senators to any considerable
extent. It is a bill that I have been trying to
get up for a long time.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope we shall not have
an evening session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that the Senator from California desires to sub-
mit some remarks this evening. If lie will
vary his proposition so as to provide that there
shall be no other business done but that, and
change it also so that when the Senate takes a
recess to-day it be to meet again at half past
seven o'clock for his accommodation in that
respect, I hope it will be done.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it understood that the
only business to be transacted to-night will be
the speech of the Senator from California?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is all.
Mr. BAYARD. And that there will be no
action on the bill?
Mr. COLE. I hope that order will not be
made. I hope the Senate will agree to act on
the bill, either pass it or reject it.
Mr. BAYARD. I have the impression that
if Ihe Senate were full a proposition that there
should be no more night sessions during this
session would carry. I have no doubt about
that fact.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Let me make a sugges-
tion to my friend from California. Suppose we
go on with the pending bill, and see what the
course of business is, and at a later hour we
can determine this question better than we can
now.
Mr. THAYER. Why can we not get a vote
without any more discussion on this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California moves that at half past
four o'clock the Senate take arecess until half
past seven o'clock this evening, for the pur-
pose of considering the Australian steamship
bill at the evening session.
Mr. CASSERLY. Generally I deprecate
night sessions for reasons which are obvious to
every Senator: but this ease is one of peculiar
importance and exigency to the Pacific coast.
I speak now ot the necessity of action on one
or two bills, the chief of which is the bill for
the furtherance of steam communication with
Australia. I have taken occasion, whenever
this question lias been before the Senate, to
present my views, as well as I knew how, in
favor of the general idea of the bill. There
may be, of course, and probably will be some
question as to details here and there ; but I do
trust that an opportunity may be given my
colleague and myself to get this bill at least
bofoic; the Senate. Some measures have ob-
tained the hearing of the Senate and the
approval of the Senate which certainly do not
exceed in merit the bill of which I have just
spoken. I hone we shall be able to get a ses-
sion this evening for the purpose of consider-
ing it.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not give way for a
discussion. If the Senate will come to a vote
on (his question I will still yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thoxy.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from California for a recess from half
past four to half past seven o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand that the
session to-night is to be confined to this special
measure ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it is to be confined to this special
measme.
Mr. THAYER. I object to that under-
standing.
A division was called for.
Mr. COLE. 1 suggest that it be confined to
one measure, and I so modify the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that a recess be taken from half
past four to half past seven this evening, the
business of the evening session to be confined
to the Australian steamship bill.
Mr. TIPTON. And t.hat only.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
form of the motion now; that bill only.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 14.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before we pass from
this I hope it is understood in the Senate that
this order cannot be changed by another order
made to-night., byunanimous consent, bringing
up other business.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Certainly it can. When
we get here to-night somebody may propose to
take up something else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand it to be a
rule of the Senate adopted now that nothing
is to be considered to-night but the Australian
steamship bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has at all times control of its own business.
Mr. COLE. I suppose nobody will ask for
anything further ; I suppose no other business
will be asked for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is an hon-
orable understanding among Senators that no
other business shall be transacted.
Mr. COLE. Senators will bear me witness
that I have been trying with a great deal of
earnestness to have this bill considered ; and
it is a matter important not only to my own
coast, but to the whole country. My constit-
uents are exceedingly anxious on tins matter,
and the State Legislature have acted upon it
and the Board of Commerce at San Francisco.
It is a bill of the very greatest importance to
that coast.
ARJIY APPROPRIATION BTTX.
The Senate, as in Committee of tlie Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2082) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes, the question being
on the amendment moved by Mr. Wilson.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend the section on
page 4 by striking out all after the words ''the
General of the Army" down to line four; so
as to read:
That the General of tho Army shall, as soon as
practicable after tho passage of this act, furnish to
the Secretary ot War a list of officers deemed by
him—
Inserting "him" instead of "them"—
unfit for tho proper discharge of their duties from
any causc except injuries incurred or disease con-
tracted in the line ot their duty.
-Then I want to move another amendment,
to change the latter clause of the section so as
to read:
That such muster out shall not bo ordered without
allowing such oliiccr a healing before said board to
,-how cause a.gain.sl it; and Unit itshail be the duty
of the Coiniiiniidinfj; General to ce tint tins boaid is
convened within convenient distance of the place
where the officer is to have Ills bearing.
Mr. HOWARD. If an officer is ordered to
a place for trial or otherwise his mileage is
paid.
Mr. NYE Assuming that, then I will change
it by saying "that such officers shall be ordered
to appear before such board."
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to those
amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment, of the Senator from Nevada will be re-
ported.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment, is in the section on page 4 of the printed
amendment, to strike out in lines two, three,
and four the words "commanding officers of
the several military departments and chiefs of
the several staff departments of the Army;"
and in line five to strike out the words " serv-
ing under their respective commands;'' and in
line six to strike out the word "them" and
insert "him ;" so as to lead:
That the General of the Army shall, as soon as
practicable after the passage of this act, forward to
the Secretary ot War a list of officers deemed by him
unfit tor the proper discharge of their duties, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me call the atten-
tion of the_ Senator from Nevada. I think the
section which he has been trying to amend can
better be amended by leaving in the words at
the close and adding other words, so that the
last clause shall read:
But such muster out shall not be ordered without
allowing such officer a hearing before such board to
show cause against it; and he shall be ordered to
appear before said board lor that purpose.
That accomplishes the end.
Mr. NYE. That is right.
Mr. CARPENTER. Leave the clause as it
is and add to it the words " and he shall be
ordered to appear before said board for that
purpose."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, on page 5, the
section there reads:
That if any supernumerary officers shall remain
after the abovo provisions are carried into effect
they shall be furloughed without pay, until they are
assigned to fill vacancies occurring in the cavalry,
artillery, and infantry regiments, or—
Now, I move to insert after the word "or "—
On their own application, they shall be discharged
with one year's pay and allowances.
I understand the chairman to assent to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now I move to add a
new section, which is a section passed by the
Senate before:
And be it further enacted, Thattheactof Congress
approved January 21, t870, entitled "An act relating
to retired officers of the Army," be, and the same is
hereby, repealed; and any retired officer may, on
his own application, be assigned to any military duty,
except service with troops; but whileso serving such
officer shall be allowed no additional compensation
except actual expenses and mileage provided by
law.
The chairman assents to this also, I under-
stand.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection; but
that amendment had better come in on page 8
before the last section there.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is probably the
better place.
Mr. NYE. I wish to call the attention of
the committee to the section at the bottom of
page 7:
SEC. —. And be it. further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act the Secretary of War bo,
and he is hereby, authorized to permit one trading
establishment to be maintained at any military post
on the frontier, not in the vicinity of any city or
town, when, in his judgment, such establishment is
needed for the accommodation of emigrants, freight-
ers, nnd other citizens; and the persons to maintain
■such trading establishments shall be appointed by
him: Provided, 'l'hat, such traders shall be under
protection and military control as camp-follower^
'Che joint resolution appiovcd March 80, IS'w, to au-
thorize tho Commanding General of the Auuy to
permit traders to remain at ccvtain military posts is
hereby repealed.
I think that provision is unwise, and I think
the chairman of the committee wiil see that it
is in a moment. When I first Went to Nevada
they had a military post and one trader on the
great thoroughfare for emigrants crossing tho
continent, and that one trader charged most
exorbitant and oppressive prices, and there
was no competition there in trade. I think
that trading should be allowed there as every-
where else, and it should be open to competi-
tion. I have seen as high as one dollar a pound
paid for flour by starving emigrants. If there
had been two establishments there it would
have been sold for half that.
I insist upon it that that provision is wrong,
for it makes a perfect monopoly of the trade of
each post, and the favorite of the commander
gets it. I propose to leave it open. All traders
within the purview of the military law are sub-
ject to military jurisdiction except in the matter
ol their prices. The Government does not tell
them the prices they shall charge, but it does
