1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4459
receive a larser fee than ten dollars for the prosecu-
tion of any claim, unless it be in such a case as may
require laborious and extended services; and the
claimant may in sueli ease, prior to the issue of the
certificate, enter into a written agreement for further
adequate compensation, which agreement must be
acknowledged before a proper officer of the law, and
by him certified to have been fully explained and
understood prior to the signature; and the same shall
be filed m the Pension Office with the application for
the pension.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am soiry to have my
friend offer this amendment and delay this
bill f but representing the committee, and know-
ing the views of the Pension Office, that has
the interest of the pensioners as well as of the
Government at heart, I cannot consent to have
the proposition adopted.
In the first place, striking out the seventh
section is, if we pass this bill at all, to relieve
ail people from penalties for taking illegal fees
and doing improper acts, because this section
only extends to the old acts of that class to all
claims now arising. I suppose my friend does
not mean that, but that is the effect of it. The
result would be to renew the limitation of law
fixing ten dollars as, the payment from each
soldier for the prosecution of his claim and to
. leave the soldier at the mercy of the claim
agent for such an amount as he can contract
for. Now, the older these claims grow, where
the parties are entitled to arrearages at all. as
they are in many cases, the larger they are ;
and therefore the stronger temptation there is
to fraud and to pressing unjust and improper
claims, and we are bound of course to defend
the Treasury against all that class of cases.
Those claims that are not dishonest and im-
proper, in ninety-nine cases out of one hun-
dred, have already, after a period of five years
since the war terminated, come in. Those
that by accident and otherwise have not come
in, and which require stricter proof than
claimants can make, are being considered and
passed upon every day by Congress. Those
ihnt do come in and have the proof made
can just as well be attended to for ten dol-
lars now as they ever could. It is true some
of them would cost an attorney more time
than ten dollars is wortli'to get them up; but
that is no way in which we ought to estimate
what the soldier shall be allowed to pay or con-
tract for, or compelled to pay, for it amounts
to the same thing. We must look at the gen-
cial average of compensation claim agents are
to get in the prosecution of these claims. Sev-
eral of them have come to mo on this subject,,
and have pressed this very class of amend-
ments, and have been to the committee, and
we have considered the question, and they have
said, " Down to this time we have had a very
.fortunate speculation; ten dollars has been
ample; we have made money, bccause here
have been hundreds of thousands of claims.''
Now, there arc a few left still in their hands,
where it, would be very convenient to them to
have more ; and they would -deserve to have it
if they bad' not had any of the previous busi-
ness. To take one of these cases alone ten
dollars is not enough; bat no case has been
brought to our notice where any claim agent
has refused to prosecute a claim, or where a
soldier has been unable to have liis claim pros-
ecuted on account of the fact that the attorney
is liniiied to ten dollars.
It, is true there are some cases where it would
bo proper to give more ; but if you let down the
bars and fay that the soldier or claimant may
make a contract with an attorney for any sum
they please, then the experience of our pension
laws and pension administration demonstrates
that in eight cases in ten of extended compens-
ation it is wrong and an outrage upon the sol-
dier, from which he puglit to be protected.
Therefore, although it operates hard in a few
cases, it operates efficiently on the whole.
it may be that on proper consideration Mid
consultation there may be some method,devised
of in some eases permitting this change to be
made and still having a check upon it; but we
have not the time to consider itnow,or themeans
of consulting the Department and the gentle-
men having such matters within their knowl-
edge, so that I should hope at this time iny
friend would not insist upon having this put
here.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the chairman of t.lie
committee if he intends to consider that sub-
ject in connection with any bill now pending?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am willing to do so. A
gentleman in this town who is a claim agent,
in whose integrity and honor I have confidence,
said he would submit us a scheme he bad pre-
sented to the Secretary of the Interior or the
Commissioner of Pensions, when I told him we
would act upon it in connection with some of
the matters before us; so that I hope my friend
will not insist upon our deciding the matter here
011 the spur of the moment without considera-
tion.
Mr. THAYER. Is uot the only effect of
section seven, which [ have moved to strike
out, to make the limitation as to ten-dollar
fees applicable to all previous laws?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No,sir; the effect of the
section is to apply the penal sections, as well
as the ten-dollar fee, of all the prior acts to all
the classes of cases mentioned. Jt is now held,
on account of the peculiar phraseology of the
penal section in one of the old acts, that half
the present bounty and pension laws have no
penalty about them at all tor fraud or mis-
conduct.
Mr. THAYER. I only wish to make one
remark in answer to the observation of my
friend. My object is to benefit the claimants.
Mr. EDMUNDS I do not doubt that.
Mr. THAYER. I unite with him in going
as far as we can in protecting them against
extortionate charges. In my judgment the effect
of the passage of this section will be to repeal
the pension laws so far as the larger portion of
claimants goes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This section does not
make any change in the law as to the ten-dol-
lar fee ; it only extends the penalties for tak-
ing excesses, and for putting in fraudulent
claims, over the whole class of pension laws
which was intended originally.
Mr. THAYER. It limits the fee to ten dol-
lars under all the laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, just as the law now
does.
Mr. THAYER. I understood ten dollars
fee applied only to claims arising under the law
of 18B3.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not understand it so.
Mr. TTIAYER. Then, how can any attorney
charge more than ten dollars under any law ?
Can ho do so ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not understand that
ho can. We are not changing the law in that
respect.
Mr. THAYER. Myunderstanding hasbecn
that the ten-dollar fee applied only under the
law of ISO'l, and that the penal provisions which
relate to the ten-dollar fee did not apply to the
previous pension laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The penalties did not
apply, but the limitation applies.
Mr. THAYER. The effect, as I foresee, is
this: of course those claims easily adjusted
have been adjusted; but there is a large, class
of claims which are still pending, and which
will require a great deal of labor and attention
and responsibility to have them brought to an
issue, and no attorney can undertake I hem for
ten dollar? in each case ; hence, the result will
be in effect to abolish the pension laws so far
as those claims are concerned. My object in
submitting this amendment was that m cases
of extreme labor claimants might have the au-
thority to allow more than the ten-dollar fee.
That is the onlv object 1 have in view.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We ought to consider
that subject separately and independently,
because there is so much danger in it now : and
I sin ouite willing to consider it when we can
get the information that, as I mentioned to my
triend, was promised to tho committee on this
subject.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I know that there
are many soldiers entitled to pensions, and it
is impossible for them to secure them under
the law which limits the fee to ten dollars for
those who prepare the papers for the purpose
of securing those pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will find attorneys to-
morrow for all of them, who will attend to ihe
business for that, and responsible persons.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I shall be very much
obliged to the gentleman if he will do so; but
I hardly think he can accomplish it all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, I can do it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Senator says he
can secure the payment of all for the sum of
ten dollars. That is all I want. 1 want the
soldier to secure the largest amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want the soldier to have
the money, and not the attorney.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I want it.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the chairman of the
Pension Committee if he will be willing to omit
this section now, with a view to have his com-
mittee consider it and provide for the matter in
another bill. I shall then make no opposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS, lhavetold myfriend that,
when we get the information promised us, if
there is any way consistent with safety to tho
body of soldiers by which we can provide for
these extreme cases we shall do so.
Mr. THAYER. But I want the Senator to
omit the seventh section in this bill, and not
offer any substitute for it, but consider that
subject and dispose of it in another bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir: I shall not be
willing to do that, for the reason that it leaves
the bars entirely down, not merely on this sub-
ject of the ten-dollar fee, but on the whole sub-
ject ofpenalties for fraudulent and false claims.
1 think it is indispensable that this section
should stand, and that my friend's amendment,
if adopted, should be a special section in addi-
tion.
Mr. THAYER. And not added to this bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; I say in addition to '
such a provision. We shall have it examined.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nebraska.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
FIUNKTNG PRIVILEGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 98G) to abolish the
franking privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, I hope the Senate
will dispose of that question before they take
up any other business. That is all I ask.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to take up the
bill for a railroad from Chattanooga to Cincin-
nati, and add to it the through line from Wash-
ington to New York, and have avole on these
two bills. I therefore move that the present and
all prior orders be passed over for the purpose
of taking up those railroad bills.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 hope the Senate perfectly
understand this matter. If the franking bil'
goes over now, probably I shall not be able to
get it passed at all this session. It takes effect
on the 1st of July, within two weeks hence, and
I hope the Senate will dispose of it now one
way or the other.
Mr. DRiiKE. We can put off the time when
it takes effect.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move the postpone-
ment of the consideration of the-bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege until the
-lib day of July next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
