614
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
Ho. ob1 Reps.
Amendments to the Constitution—Mr. Stiles.
41st Cong.... 2d Sess.
tofore referred to, says that wherever he went
he found that " the vilest trash which could
be dignified by the name of iron went univer-
sally by the name of the American rail."
Over this villainous compouud the citizens of
the United States risk life and limb and prop-
erty with superb recklessness. We do more.
Underonr suicidal system of legislation we pay
for this "vilest trash" " at least one third more
than other nations pay for the best and most
perfect results of an improved metallurgy."
It is well said by an able writer on this sub-
ject that the replacing of our rotten iron by
steel rails is the greatest present necessity of
our railroad system. On it depends the safety
of life and limb to all travelers. On it in a
great degree depends the cost of transporta-
tion, and on that depends the successful mar-
keting of the future crops of the West. "The
present cost of renewing railroad iron," say
the commissioners of Massachusetts in their
recent report on steel rails, "appreciably in-
creases the danger to life and limb of all rail-
road traveling, and is one principal element
of the increased cost of operating American
over English roads." Steel rails, which do
not wear out and which go to the root of this
difficulty, now cost, as is shown in this same
report, sixty-three dollars, currency, per ton
■when laid down in the track across our bound-
ary in Canada, or twenty per cent, less than
the price with us of that "vilest trash " which
is known abroad as "the American rail."
Now, when Providence seems to have inter-
posed to give to the world a cheap and durable
rail, when the Bessemer patents arc just expir-
ing in England, and all the world are entering
upon this new inheritance, what is there to pre-
vent. ns from also participating in tho enjoy-
ment. of this inestimable boon? The answer
must be, nothing but, the conspiracy of a band
of organized capitalists and the folly, not to
any criminal insanity, of our own legislation.
Tho retention of the present duty on steel
rails, amounting, with freights, to fifty-five per
mil. ad valorem, is a most consummate, inex-
cusable lollv. The increase now proposed is
a crime which language fails me properly to
characterize^ It means further oppression of
the people ; it. tneans an. increased number of
railroad accidents ; it means more horrors, the
news of which, borne to us on the lightning's
wing, so often makes the blood curdle; it means
more murdering, mangling, and maiming; it
means less wheat exported, fewer acres culti-
vated, and a perpetual tax on harvests. JBut
no matter; amid all this calamity the rino*
will thrive and tho great principle of "protec-
lionlias triumphed.
Uut notwithstanding all this wrong, existing
and contemplated, the friends of the people
and of revenue reform have some cause for
congratulation in the results of their labors at
thepresentsession. Iftliey have failed of effect-
ing the necessary reforms the hands of the
spoilers have been stayed, bold schemes of
plunder have been in part checkmated, and
organized monopoly has been made to tremble
m its strongholds of fancied security. When
on the 31st day of March last I offered these
resolutions, to wit:
tb0 PiOWSr erantcdin tho Moral
constitution to levy and collect laxes,duties, imposts
and excises, to pay the debts and provide lor the
I'oramondetensc and fcneral welfare of tho United
ht.it es, cioes not include or embrace any power to low
unties lor any purpose other than tho collootion of
rev enue tor tho uses therein indicated; that a tariff
p-urA0S* other than revenue, and
one levied to fostor and enrich one sec-
tion of our country at the expense of others, or to
mvJh.S.1] ■cnr,ch ?UQ.c^a,s^°f citizens at the expenso
>r of hc .., is lui authorized by the Constitution, unjust
to the great body of the American people, and in its
^,'eUTt1'^
"Itanhed, That in tho preparation of a bill for
110 moderation oi existing tariff laws Congress
snoald confine its action strictly to the preparation
oi a. tana tor revenue exclusively; and that the
duties on noarticle should bo greater than that
which will give tho maximum of revenue on said
article —
which embody the correct principles of tariff
legislation, many who have since rallied on the
side of the people were startled at this sharp
presentation of the true issue in these Halls,
where monopoly had ruled almost unchal-
lenged. And when seven days later the vote
was taken on the motion to lay them on the
table, such had been the reaction already that
the monopolists succeeded in their motion by a
majority of only thirteen. This splendid and
unexpected vote on onr part in favor of just
legislation attracted the attention of the whole
country, and encouraged and gave renewed
strength to the friends of the people every-
where. And when six weeks later, March 14,
I offered a similar resolution, as follows :
" Jtenoloed, That the present depressed condition
oi the business and tho various industrial interests
ot the. country demand of Congress prompt action
iii^ relieving the people of all burdens of taxation
"*t absolutely necessary to provide for the wants
ot the uovernment economically administered, and
that in reforming existing tariff laws legislation
should bo based upon these principles:
1. That no duty should be imposed on any arti-
cle above tho lowest rate which will yield tho largest
amount of revenue;
_ "2. That the maximum revenue duty should bo
imposed on luxuries; and
" X That tho duty should bo so imposed at to oper-
ato ns equally as possible throughout tho Union,
discriminating neither for nor against anv ola^ or
section"—
the monopolists raliic ' but thirty-eight \ otes in
favor of laying it on the table to one hundred
and nineli'on against, it, thus demonstrating
that the interest an aroused people was tak-
ing-ill those questions had already awakened the
fears, if it had not corrected tho consciences
of their Representatives.
And, Mr. Speaker, bad and indefensible as
is the measure we are now discussing it fur-
nishes tho strongest evidence that the plunder-
ers have been checkmated at the very time
when their hopes were highest. The bill re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
which was so thoroughly riddled and now sleeps
the sleep that knows no waking, was infinitely
worse than this. In addition to other enorm-
ities on this very question which we arc now
discussing, it proposed to raise the duty on
stool rails to S44 80 per ton. The duty on
other classes of steel used by our mechanics
and skilled manufacturers, now enormously
high, tho committee raised to seventy-three
dollars, and on some qualities up to eighty-
eight dollars per ton. On one class the increase
proposed was over four hundred per cent.
This outrage we have cheeked at least, mid
are now brought face to face with the one here,
which comes in a more plausible and seductive
form. But it is the same old child of sin, and
I will have none of it.
As I saidbefore, the little band of revenue re-
formers here have much to congratulate them-
selves upon ; we have prevented much con-
templated wrong; weliave aroused the peo-
ple to their true interests ; we have succeeded
in turning their attention from the war and its
issues to tho great questions of taxation and
finance. And although we have not triumphed
yet, as sure as there is a just Grod in heaven,
the day of our deliverance is at hand. A few
more blows for tho right and the embattled
fortresses of monopoly and peculation will
crumble, to rise no more, I hope, ill our fa-
vored land. The people are with us; justice
and right are with us j God is with us ; and if
we are true to ourselves and to duty we cannot
fail.
Mr. Speaker. I have already said much more
oil this than I had intended. I have no hope
ot influencing tho action of the House. I see
that it is ordained that, this bill will pass, and
in its present, form. The monopolists will
achieve one more victory over the friends of the
people. I3-.it as God lives. I believe tint their
triumph will be short. The people are already
aroused, and they are rapidly comprehending
these questions. They send Representatives
here to legislate for them, and not for rings and
banded conspirators against their dearest rights.
And woe be to the Representative who betrays
or disregards the obligations of this sacred trust.
The day is not distant, it cannot be distant,
when the machinery of Government shall once
more be used for the protection of the people,
and when, like the dews of heaven, it shall dis-
pense its blessings equally and alike to all.
Amendments to £ise Constitution.
REMARKS OF HON. J. D. STILES,
Of PENNSYLVANIA,
l.\" the House or Representatives,
July 15, 1870,
On tho bill to regulate the modo of determining the
ratification of amendments to tho Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, I endeavored
to get the floor when the House had under con-
sideration the bill to regulate the mode of
determining the ratification of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States, but 1
failed to do so. 1 propose now to refer to the
bill, and to state rny reasons for voting against
it. The bill as passed and now a law is a°
follows:
Section- 1. That whciKra- the Legislature of nuj
Mate shall havo rati lied an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the Uni.ed States horetotoro I'loposeti
or which shall bo hereafter proposed, by Congie--sto
the Legislatures of tho several States lor ratification
it shall bo the duty of the Executive ol'such State si!
ratifying to certify forthwith, under the seal of such
State, such ratification, and the date thei oof, to the
Secretary of State of the United States whose duty
it shall bo to file and record the same in the Delia't-
mcnt of Stale.
Si:c. 2. That in all eases wherein official notice has
been given, or shall hereafter be given to, and has
been 01 shall hereafter be received by the Secretary
of fetato of tho United .States, that the Legislature
of any State has ratified any amendment heretofoie
proposed by Congress, or which shall hereafter he
proposed by Congress to theConstitution of the Uni-
ted States, it shall be unlawful for any officer of such
State to certify thereafter any repeal of such amend-
ment, unlets an amendment for the repeal thereof
shall have been first proposed by the Congress of the
United States, or by a convention called by Congress
for proposing amendments; and if such certificate
of repeal be made, such Secretary of State shall not
receive or make anv record thereof in ttie depart-
ment of State, but the same ^hall be void and of no
effect.
vSkc. 3. That whoever, after tho Legislatures of
three fourths of tho States shall havo ratified anv
aniendmont to the Constitution of the United States
hcietolbre pioposcd or which shall heieafier by the
Congress thereof, shall do any act declaring tho 10-
peal cither by color of State legislation or of State
ordinance of any ratification of such amendment,
after tho same shall linvo been certified to the Sec-
retary of State of the United States, and before the
Congress ot the United States shall have proposed
an amendment providing for tho repeal thueof,
or a convention called by Congress for proposing
amendments shall have proposed such amendment,
shall bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon convic-
tion thereof in any court of the United States having
jurisdiction in the piemises shall be subject to im-
prisonment not less than one nor more than ten
years, or to a fine of not less than £2,00') nor more
than HO.OOO, or to both, in the discretion of the
court.
Sec. i. That all acts or parts of acts inconsistent,
herewith are hereby lopealod.
This extraordinary measure was sprung upon
us in the last days of the session, without any
time allowed for discussion. I desire simply
to call aitention to the provisions of the bill,
that the country may know that the minority
of this body protest against it.
Mr. Speaker, it is well known that serious
doubts are entertained as to the validity of the
so-called hfreenth amendment. These doubts
are not confined to the minority here, nor to
the party it represents; but this bill convinces
us that the majority of this Congress arc im-
pressed with the belief that new legislation is
necessary to make binding upon the people the
