316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
ceaspd to, be a republican form of government
so as to justify the interference of the Federal
Government. . . -
Mr. STEVENSON. ; Will tlie gentleman
permit me tq ask him a question?
" Mr. ELDIUDGE. Not now; I .am trespass-
ing upon „the- courtesy of the gentleman from
California. " , ,
Mr. Chairman, I did not intend to be drawn
into this discussion. I repeat that I did not
intend to impugn the motives of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, or tb charge him with any
wrong in the vote which he cast yesterday.
That was not the point to which I intended to
refer when I rose. I rose to congratulate the
gentleman from Massachusetts upon, the views
which he expressed in answer to the gentleman
from- Illinois. I looked upon the declaration
of the gentleman from Massachusetts as an
evidence of a returning sense of justice and a
reviving comprehension of the relations of the
States and the Union. It was in that view and
for that purpose alone that I rose; and without
further trespassing upon the time of the gen-
tleman from California, who has so courteously
conceded me these few minutes, I will simply
say, as I have said heretofore in speeches deliv-
ered in this House, I hope the time may
never come when the States composing that
portion of our country called New England
shall be upon their knees in the Federal Con-
gress begging for the rights guarantied to them
by the Federal Constitution as I have seen the
people of the State of Alabama and Georgia
and other States of this Union begging l'or
their rights.
1 hope if that time shall ever come I shall be
found able, whether a Representative here or
the constituent of some other Representative,
to maintain as far as I cau the rights of those
States under the Constitution, as I have en-
deavored to maintain the rights of these States
when (hey were here praying for nothing but
what was guarantied to them by our common
Constitution.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes! has my warmest thanks for the posi-
tion he has taken here; but I do not think, Mr.
Chairman, there is that distinction between
State rights and State sovereignty under which
iie undertakes to shield himself in reference to
the votes which he has cast. Sovereignty pri-
marily rests in the people of the country. The
States liuve no sovereignty except what the
people have given them; the Federal Govern-
ment has no sovereignty except what the peo-
ple bad given to it through tiic States in the
Constitution under which we have lived and
under which we to-day live. It is that sover-
eignty of the States which they have never
granted to the United States which I would
protect as one of the rights of the States; it is
that sovereignty to which the gentleman will
appeal in the hour of his sorrow, in the hour
of his discomfiture, when some other party in
power, when some Congress differently consti-
tuted from this, shall undertake to override the
constitutional rights of the State which he so
flbly represents on this floor.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I will detain
this committee but a moment, and that for the
purpose of asking its attention to a single
remark of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Elduiijqe,] in which he concedes the force of
all that I have said. He says that for one he
does not believe that Georgia had not a repub-
lican form of government; that on the contrary
it had a republican, form of government and
was living up to it, and therefore had voted
against the bill which passed this House yes-
terday. On the other hand I believed that the
people of the State of Georgia were deprived
of lights guarantied to them by the Consti-
tution undera republican form of government,
and, so believing, voted for the passage of the
bill.
Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAWES. In one moment.
The gentleman from Wisconsin asserts the
right of self-judgment on that question. He
came to one conclusion, while I came to
another. It is what I had barely the time to
say yesterday; a question of- fact, and not of
power. The power exists as-clear and as lyell
defined as any other in the Government. The
question is one of fact, whether such a condi-
tion of things exists in Georgia as'justifies this
exercise of the extreme medicine of the Con-
stitution. I approached the bill with great
reluctance. I approached tbe^ assertion of
that power with great apprehension that it may
be abused, and I came to it reluctantly from
necessity, because there was no other way open
to me to secure to all the people of the State
of Georgia the right to the enjoyment of repub-
lican institutions under this Government. If
any other way less severeand less liable to abuse
stood open to me, if my friend on the other
side would have pointed out any other remedy
under the Constitution, I would haveadopted
it readily and cheerfully. I agree it is power
which, when put into the hands of unscrupulous
men, may be the pretext hereafter for tramp-
ling upon State rights ; but I know of no power
under the Constitution which may not be so
"abused. Our only safety is that we are to give
an account of our stewardship here once in
every two years, and whatever we may do which
cannot be justified by the facts and circum-
stances of the case for that we will be con-
demned by the voice of the people. To them
the appeal in this case must be made, and in
view of all the enormities which have been prac-
ticed in the State of Georgia, whether in the
name of the law or the Constitution I care not,
I am ready to render an account for the vote
which I have given.
Mr. MAYHAM. I now desire to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to tliegentleman.
Mr. SARGENT. I decline to yield the floor
further for this discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will then
proceed with his remarks.
MINBRAI, AND TIMBER LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, this de-
bate seems to be reopening the whole subject
of the exclusion of the State of Georgia. It
seems to mo the House has well considered
that question during several days past. Our
action has been made up and has now gone
out to the country. I shall consider myself
fortunate if I can for a short time have the
attention of the House to a matter of practi-
cal importance in the future ; to a matter de-
manding novel legislation upon this floor
deeply concerning our material interest; to a
question which concerns the whole country,
bill which more particularly concerns the peo-
plo'of the Pacific States and Territories.
Every gentleman is aware that by the large
yield of our mines for years past the Govern-
ment has been enabled to fulfill its obligations
to its creditors and carry on an expensive war.
The means by which those results have been
obtained, by which millions of small rivulets
have united into one and made this large stream
of gold, are perhaps not entirely familiar to
every gentleman within my hearing.
I call attention to a single fact showing the
importance of this supply of treasure : that a,
few years ago, in the midst of the war, the loss
of a single steamer on the Atlantic freighted
with two or three millions of gold caused a com-
mercial convulsion in New York and through-
out the country. The gold and silver yielded
by our mines heretofore has been necessary for
the safety of our credit, and is necessary for
business purposes now and hereafter; and if
this House by its action can devise measures
that will make mining more remunerative, that
will make it more attractive, that will make it
more generally pursued, the result will be that
the product of the precious metals will be in-
creased, and the necessities of the country so
far better answered.
Some twenty years-ago, with thousands of
others, [ went to the new State of California,
indeed not yet a State, but still held as a mili-
tary dependency. There was at that time an
immense rush to her shores, the men who
went there, almost without exception, intend-
ing to remain but a few years and dig a little
gold, and then return to their homes in the
East. We went there with no idea of creating
a great State; we had no idea of the perma-
nence of the mining interests there ; we had
no idea of the agricultural capacities of the
State; we had no idea that we would there
found,a stable Commonwealth which would
grow greater year by year.
For want of this understanding of the value
of the inheritance into which we were about
to step there was much confusion in our own
action, in economizing our resources and in
providing for their development, and still more
in the legislation of Congress relating to those
objects. Since that time, with a single excep-
tion, the policy of Congress, if it has had a
policy, has been to let things alone. During
the few years when mining was extremely
profitable, when mining claims could be found
on almost any hill-side that would yield rich
returns, this policy was popular among the
miners, and perhaps was well adapted to the
condition of things then existing. But that
time has gone by. The richer deposits have
been wrought out. Those more easily reached
have been exhausted. But there still remain
under the large mountain ranges, deep in
the bosom of the hills and far beneath the
soil in some of the valleys, valuable deposits
which pay when they are reached, but they
can only be reached by exhaustive toil and
brave effort. They are tapped only by tunnels
and shafts which require capital and years to
construct. I have m my mind's eye in my
district one tunnel constructed by the miners,
nearly a mile long, which cost $80,000. But the
claims which the miners now work are very
different in readiness of access from what they
were when thirty feet square was a fortune. A
small claim will not warrant enterprises like
this on the part of the miners, and consequently
they have bought each other out and consoli-
dated until the mass of the claims held by
any individual or company being aggregated
together will afford area enough to make im-
provements possible.
For a long time the idea was popular with
the miners that they should simply mine where
ever they pleased, under the license of the
General Government. This license was not
granted by any statute, but it was not vexa-
tiously interfered with by adverse legislation.
There came a time, however, sir, some five or
six years ago, when the policy of the Govern-
ment changed in one remarkable particular
and placed our miners in a position of hostility,
apparent and even real, against the agricul-
turists and against railroad companies.
By the provisions of a statute of the United
States, passed, I think, in 1850, it was provided
that where lands are mineral or unfit for culti-
vation nothing but township lines should be
surveyed. Such lands were entirely kept out
of the market. They could not be surveyed
and could not be purchased. But by and by
the Pacific railroad bill was passed, the road
running through the mining counties of Nevada
and Placer, and by some of its branch roads
extending into other mining counties where
the principal industry of our people is to ex-
tract gold either from the ore or the Placer
mines. There was a grant of alternate sections
to the railroad company for the purpose of
building the road. Following that grant came
Government surveys. Then, upon the even sec-
tions and also upon the odd sections, where
there were preemption claims, farmers came
forward promptly and properly to prove their
rights of preemption under the United States
laws.
Meantime there was no provision whatever
by which the miner could establish his right if
