4460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
pass over has priority of the motion to post-
pone. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Michigan, to pass over the pres-
ent and all other orders for the purpose of
considering the bill indicated by him.
Mr. RAMSEY. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (who had first voted in the
affirmative.) On reflection, I think I remem-
ber that I was paired om this bill with the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Axthony,] when
I went away the other day ; and as he went
away before I returned I think it right to con-
sider that I am paired now with him ; and as
this vote affects the bill in some sense I with-
draw my vote.
Mr. POOL. 1 recollect that on this bill 1
am paired with the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scott,] and I desire to withdraw
my vote. If present he would vot,o in favor
of the bill, and I against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If {here be no
objection these voles will be withdrawn.
The result was announced—yeas 3 8, nays
129 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abhoti, Amrs, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Cole. Gilbert, Kellosg, McDonald, Osborn, Ilob-
ei'tson, Ross. Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Sumn ox*, Thayer, and Warner—18.
NAYS—Messrs*. Bayard, -Buckingham, Casserly,
Davis, Drake, Pen ton, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Howell, Johnston, Lewi^, MeCreery. jMoitiU oi Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Pratt, lianssev. Sanlbbury.
Sehurz, Sprnacue, Stockton, L'ipton, Yickers, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs!. Anthony. Doreman. Bj ownlow,
Carpenter, Cattell, ConkHwr, Corbet t, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Feriy, I'iana^an, Pooler, Ham-:, Morrill
of Maine, Norton. Patteivon. 3?omevoy, Pool, Kcv-
e]s, Rico, Scott, Thurman, Trumbull, Wiliey, and
\ ates—^o.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 9SG) to abolish the franking privilege, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Siieiimax as amended on the motion of
M r. Drake.
The amendment of Mr. Sieeiim.vx was to add
to the bill the following:
But nothing herein contained shall bo construed
to repeal or affect.the existing laws allowing the pub-
lishers of weekly newspapers to send to each actual
subscriber, within the county where their papers are
printed and published, one copy thereof lreo of
postage.
The amendment of Mr. Dxiakc to the amend-
ment was to strike out all after the word 4' but''
and insert:
This shall not be construed as repealing the pro-
visions in favor of publishers of newspapers and
periodicals, contained in the second section of the
act of August 00,1852, entitled "An act to amend the
act entitled/An act to reduce and modify the rates
of postage in the United States, and lor other pur-
poses,' passed March 3,1851."
The amendment to the amendment having
been previously agreed to, thequestion recurred
on (he amendment as amended.
The VICE PRESIDED f. The Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Roi;ek.tso.\] moves that
the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until the 4th day of July.
Mr. RAMSEY. That, of course, would be
the death of the bill. The bill is to go into
effect on the 1st of July. The Senate under-
stand that.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Deake,] as amended.
Mr. DRAKE. Upon that question I believe
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have been.
Mr. DRA KH. The amendment I offered, I
believe, was an amendment to that proposed
by the Senator from Ohio, and has been sub-
stituted for it; and now the question is upon
making it a part of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Precisely. It
was substituted for the proposed amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, and the question
now is on agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
Mr. HOWE. I simply wish to say that I
shall vote against the amendment moved by
the Senator from Missouri, not because I atn
opposed to that provision of law 
Mr. NYE. I wish to suggest I had the floor.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. NYE. But the other day, when this bill
was up, 1 had the floor, and was in the middle
of a very eloquent speech. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Senator
from Nevada claim the floor at the time the
Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to-day?
Mr. NYE. I waived it for a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If he did not then
claim it he lost his light, because a motion has
intervened since and been voted upon.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Nevada
is entitled to the floor I will not submit my
soul to the guilt of crushing out that eloquence.
I want inv friend to finish that speech.
Mr. NYE. No ; I cannot iinisii that speech
now. Let the Senator conclude.
Mr. HOWE. Then I will complete what I
was saying. I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, not because
I am opposed to making that a part of the law of
the land; I am in favor of it, if I remember
it : but because I am opposed to putting any
amendment upon the bill, as it is before the
Senate. I hope the Senate will be induced to
concur in the bill as it reads to-day, and then
we can go on and provide these other agencies
for communicating with the people of the
Union 
Mr. DRAKE. When can we do itY
Mr. HOWK. When we have got rid of this
labor of franking documents, which.gives us
no time for anything else.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I merely wish to
state that I desire to vole for this bill as it
came from the House; and desiring that, I shall
vote against any amendment which is offered
until the bill is changed.
Mr. HOWE. I move for a recess fiom half
past four o'clock to half past seven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order, this being the alternate day.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
Mr. SPENCER. I would like to have an
executive session, if the Senator from Nevada
will allow me. Will the Senator yield for that
motion ?
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the motion?
Mr. SPENCER. That the Senate proceed
to the consideration ofexecutive business. It
is near four o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is wonderful what expe-
dients are resorted to every time this bill comes
up. There is very little business on the execu-
tive Calendar. I think.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the}' will continue to
resort to them in order to give us the fine dis-
play which the Senator from Minnesota makes
in opposition to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to appeal to the
chairman of the Post Office Committee seri-
ously to allow us to have an executive session,
because I know of 0110 or two instances where
important offices are expiring, one on the 25th
of this very month—the collector of the port
for the district of Vermont—where it is abso-
lutely indispensable that somebody should be
confirmed—the name is before the Senate—or
acted on before to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope this bill will be
allowed to go on.
Mr. SPENCER. I will state to the Senate
in explanation of my motiou that the Senator
from Nevada is in the midst of his argument.
It will be impossible for him to complete it by
half past four o'clock. We can go on with
this bill this evening, when the Senator from
Nevada will have plenty of time to complete
his argument. There is^ plenty of business
pending in executive session. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Nevada yield to that motion '?
Mr. NYE. I consent.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that I know, as
a member of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that there is an emergency at this moment for
action upon nominations of naval officers that
ought to be attended to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say that I think
we can do it just as well to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 22, noes 24.
Mr. NYE. Sir. President, at the time the
Senate took a recess when I liad the honor of
addressing the Senate before on this subject,
I was trying to demonstrate the evil conse-
quences that would flow from the passage of
'this bill to the Government itself. I bad, if I
remember correctly, alluded to the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, the Department of the
Interior, the Treasury Department, and had
made some calculations as to the amouut of
money that would have to be appropriated if
this bill should be enacted into a law. I might
prolong that series of demonstrations to an
almost unlimited extent if I thought it neces-
sary. My object in discussing the bill at all
at the present moment, is not so much with
the hope ot defeating the bill as it is that when
the people come to suffer from it, they shall
not say that I did not deal fairly with them by
telling them what the effects of it would be.
Wre are told by the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, the senior Senator from that.
State, that he is going to vote for the bill" as if
came from the House. Now, sir, I assert, i:
it is proper for me to state it, and if it is i-oi
the. Chair will call me to order, that this bill
was not discussed at all in the House; thai
there was not one speech made in its favor nor
one against it; but under a rule peculiar to the
organization of that House they drew each mem-
ber up nolens volens to vote upon this bill.
Sir, I do not propose to be driven up to the
shambles in that way.
It is acknowledged by the honorable chair-
man of the committee wlio reported this bill,
and acknowledged by my genial friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] that it will require a
series of legislative enactments hereafter to
make it at ail applicable to the necessities of
the public.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Minnesota must have forgotten his own argu-
ment, for he has told us on three or four occa-
sions that the deficiencies in this bill can be
supplied and its infirmities can be cured here-
after. If my honorable friend from Minnesota
will refer to the Globe he will find it so.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 have said that if we in-
tend to pay the postage of the Departments,
we can make a provision in the proper appro-
priation bill giving them the requisite number
of stamps ; and if anything more is wanted,
of course subsequent legislation can do it.
Mr. N1E. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator informs us that it is now within Mo
weeks of the time when this law must taku
effect. To ascertain what amount of posiagc
the several Departments of this Government
will require in the limited time that remains
to us before the 1st of July is a matter of sim-
ple impossibility, and so the honorable Sen-
ator must know.
The philosophy of this bill seems to be, and
I have heard Senators urge uoott this floor
