8516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
court is fixed by law. It is the duty ot' the
judge to attend at that time and place; but
this bill abrogates all that. The judge may be
upon the bench trying cases involving vast
sums of money, of great legal principles;
perhaps trying some criminal; and in the
midst of that trial ah order comes from the
President to th<8 judge to go to such a place;
and by the action of this bill that court must
stop all its proceedings ; that prisoner must be
remanded to jail; those great tights must be
held in abeyance; and the judge must obey
this order land must go to sotne place where
the President thinks some offense ia " likely to
be committed." He must go thete to try an.
offense not yet committed. He must go there
to try a criminal not yet found. He mast go
there to try a prisoner, nobody knows who.
He must surrender his freedom, his independ-
ence, his rights as a judge, and make himself
the tool, the slave of the executive department
of the Government.
Sir, is it possible to imagine anything more
calculated to make the judiciary not what it
Was intended to be, what it isj and what it
should be, independent, upright, and free, but
the perfect slave of the President ? By this sec-
tion he can order any court in the land at any
time away from its place of meeting; he can
arrest any proceeding before it, and in that
way interfere and set aside and abrogate all
the action Of the judiciary; and to do all that, :
not to try a man, as I have before said, for an i
offense committed; not to try a man for what |
has been done, but to be ready to toy him for '
offenses " likely to be committed.'' The Bee- i
tion does toot provide that before this is done i
the President shall be informed properly that I
the offense has been committed; but if from j
anonymous letters, irresponsible telegrams,
street rumors, or anything of that sort, he has
reason to believe that somebody in some place
in the United States is likely to violate this
law, is likely to try to keep some man there
fVom voting, oh Buch a suspicion as that the
freedom of the judiciary is to be broken down,
the independence of the courts destroyed, and
the free administration .of justice interfered
with. But, sir, the twelfth section contains
features equally objectionable. It provides—
That it shall bo lawful for the President of the
United States, or such person as he may empower
fbr that purpose, to employ such part of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as shall be deemed Necessary to prbvent the viola-
tion and enforce the duo execution of this act.
' Under that section the President, if he de-.
sires to carry an election, dan send troops to
New Orleans, New York, Philadelphia, Pitts-
burg, Richmond, Charleston, Mettiphis, Louis-
ville. Cincinnati, St. Louis, and every other
city in the Union. Suppose he should desire
to perpetuate his party in power, and he has
fifty thousahd men at his control; he may say,
"1 deem it necessary in the city of St. Louis
to prevent a violation of this law that I should
send one thousand troops there." And he
sends one thousand troops to the city to pre-
vent a violation of this law. How is he to
know of the violation of the law ? By what
sort of evidence is he to get at that fact? Who
is to tell him ? How is the thing to be found
out? If such is found to be the fact, there are
civil Magistrates there to prevent it, and yet
you put into the hands of tne President of the
United States the power by this law to control
the elections in every State in the United States
and to destroy the freedom of elections. If
the military are to do anything in this regard,
it is to attend the polls. It is to be there and
to say who shall vote, who they shall vote for,
how they shall vote, and regulate the whole
thing, which is properly a subject only for
State legislation.
These provisions are so objectionable that
it scarcely seems to me possible that a legisla-
tive body which has any respect left for the
freedom of elections, for the independence of
the judiciary, or for a free Government can
vote in favor of the passage of such a law.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not intend to enter
into a discussion of this bill, nor of any of the
questions which might be brought up in its
consideration; but when I heard the speech
of the Senator from Connecticut this morning
and yesterday, from the beginning to the end
of which there was not a single sentence which
had a political bearing which did not Seem to
me to be sound Republican doctrine ; when he
brought this morning, to show the strength of
his position, a volume of evidence whieh can-
not be successfully attacked or disproved; and
then when I heard the Senator from Indiana
read him out of the Republican party, although
verbally disclaiming that intention; when I
heard the Senator from Indiana say that if he
thought as that honorable Senator did, he
would go to the other side of the Chamber and
take a seat among our political opponents ;
when I reflected that in saying that to the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, he not
only says it of him, but he says it of one half
at least of the Republican Senators on this
floor; and when I reflected farther that I be-
lieve he says it of four fifths of the Republican
voters in the United States, I confess that I am
tempted to say a word in reply.
Mr. President, it has become somewhat the
fashion here for certain Senators to character-
ize the opinions and votes of other Senators
upon questions affecting the South as hostile
to the Republican party when they do not hap-
pen to be in accord with their own. This is
not the first time that such a manifestation has
taken place; it is not the second time; but it
has been very frequently done here. Those
who do not agree in all particulars with the
policy that is advocated by certain distinguished
Senators are characterized as tampering and
sympathizing with rebels and traitors, and in-
clined to regard the rebellion as no crime, but
as a "slight unpleasantness."
For one, I recognize no man's right to r6ad
me out of the Republican party until he shows
that I stand on ground which is not Repub-
lican. Mere denunciation, mere assertion that
I am acting in the interest of rebels or rebel-
lion has no effect upon me. I feel no particu-
lar anxiety to avoid pleasing the rebels if I
do right and act as a Republican. I think it
might be more wise and statesman-like if some
Senators should remember that their chief mis-
sion is not to make the rebels hate thefts But
there are some Senators here who seem to con-
ceive that consistency requires them so to act
that the rebels shall entertain toward them
now precisely the same opinion that they en-
tertained when the war was flagrant. Sir, that
is not my position. When the war was flagrant
I hated rebellion; when the wafc was flagrant,
to the extent of my power I resisted rebellion;
but let me say, Mr. President, when the War
was flagrant I did not hate rebels, and I do not
hate rebels nor anybody else now. It is not
the mission of the Republican party to hate
the men who created and who carried on the
rebellion. It was the mission of the Repub-
lican party to suppress the rebellion; and it
has been and is yet the mission of the Repub-
lican party to reorganize this Government on
a more solid and enduring basis that that upon
which it has ever stood before.
But, sir, let me tell the Senator from Indiana
that the foundation Upon which he would reor-
ganize this Government, the foundation upon
which he would reconstruct the States lately
in rebellion, is a foundation as_ unstable as
water. The rebellion took into its vortex the
whole southern population, with exceptions
absolutely insignificant in number. All classes
were bound up in sympathy with it. Every
man, woman, and child, with, as I said, insig-
nificant exceptions, had but one aspiration so
far as the political situation was concerned ;
and that was that the southern confederacy
and the cause of the rebellion might triumph.
Here and there a man of generally very slight
political or social significance among his fel-
lows was or professed to be a loyal man; but
the number was so small that to carry on the
Government in those States by their aid, aud
by their aid alone, is a proposition perfectly
absurd to any man who knows the people.
Sir, there is no device in mechanics or in
philosophy that will make ten pounds be bal-
anced by one ounce; and yet such dispropor-
tion is there and such absurdity is there in
supposing that the small fragmentary minority
of the southern people who were loyal to the
Government during the war shall carry on and
' administer government in those States. When
the war was over, if punishment was to come,
then was the time that it should come. If
treason was a crime and was so to be consid-
ered by the country, the prosecutions should
then have taken place, the convictions should
■ then have been secured, the punishment should
then have been executed. That was the time
for it. But here, after five years of so-called
peace, after all the States but one are again
represented in the Halls of Congress, we are
' striving under the lead Of Senators as distin-
; guisheaas the Senator from Indiana to admin-
: ister punishment by keeping up a little petty
j irritation, by continuing the system of political
| disabilities. It is the table of the labor of the
j mountain—the parturition of the mouse.
The Senator from Indiana talks as though
the continuance of political disabilities would
insure the triumph of the Republican party in
the South. Why, sir, the continuance of politi-
cal disabilities simply takes out of the field of
candidates for office a certain number of men;
and if the triumph of the Republican party in
the South depends upon keeping out of the list
! of possible candidates for 1 ederal offices this
> or that man, then let me tell that Senator and
the Republican party that they have but a
i broken reed to lean upon. The principles and
; doctrines of the Republican party must be
l accepted by the majority of the people. That
is the way to have the triumph of Republican
principles in the South: not shutting out this
man or that man from the possibility of being
a candidate for public office. I can well under-
stand the principle upon which certain men in
the South desire to have the system of political
disabilities continued. I well remember that
in the old State of Massachusetts at one time
there was a Democratic party, which its leaders
were said to desire to keep conveniently small,
so that there should be offices enough to satisfy
each hungry expectant. I can well understand",
therefore, how some men in the South would
desire to keep from being eligible to public
office other men; but I cannot understand how
a statesman oa the floor of the American Sen-
ate can deem such a proposition worth con-
sideration.
I can understand, too, that those who would
govern these States as subject provinces, who
would continue to keep over them the strong
arm of power, who would destroy the vital
principle of the American Republic, which is
local self-government, administration of local
interests by local agents—I say I can under-
stand how those who would upset all this prin-
ciple and theory of Government, who would
destroy this chief element of strength in the
American system, should advocate the contin-
uance of that system which should hold the
grip upon the throats of the great majority of
the white population. That is the only theory
on which I can understand it; but if our pur-
pose is to forget the war, if our purpose is to
establish in the breasts of the southern people
a love for the institutions of the United States;
if our purpose 
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from South Carolina, if he has no objection to
answering the question, whether he intends to
forget the war? I do not.
Mr. SAWYllR. I will answer that before I
get through. I was going on to say that if it is
our purpose to strengthen the Government in
those States, and to have a real Union, we
must take the people of those States with all
their infirmities upon them ; we must incor-
