1869;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there was-a conflict between him and the agri-
culturist or the railroad company. If part of
the ptee'EQt>tion claim of the agriculturist, in
pasting it to the Government subdivisions,
covered the-claim of a miner, the miner had no
toeans of'protection whatever, for no step that
l,e eo'nld take would secure a title. Although
the'iarming interest depends on the-prosperity
of the mines,- although with the extinction
of the business of mining the country most
become depopulated, nevertheless under this
sjstein- of giving advantages to the one which
theotheris deprived of mining was prejudiced,
the miners were taken at disadvantage, and of
coarse ill feeling arose and cases of positive
injustice occurred. The farmers, "too, were
harassed by extraordinary expenses, and every-
thing was anomalous and unsatisfactory.
-Nofr, sir, the tenure under which the miners
hold their claims, although not sanctified by
patent, although not directly guarantied by
the Government, yet possess- equities of the
strongest character. I allude, in the first plaee,
tolthe years and years which passed by during
which the Government by its silence licensed
their;occupation. That might be pleaded in a
private' suit between parties as an estoppel in
pais. At any rate, the statutes of limitations
of any of the States of the Union might be
pleaded in behalf of the possessions thus held
and improved by the miners for so many years.
'Secondly, when the tax bill was passed in
1862, there was a provision which taxed the
miners on the public lands of the United States
by requiring them to take outa miner's license.
Thus by a direct act of legislation the occupa-
tion of these mines by the miners was sanc-
tioned. Further, a year later you enacted a
bullion tax, that every gold miner should pay
acertain royalty to the Government. In doing
that you ignored the fact that in all other cases
the taxes imposed are added by the producer
to the cost of the article and charged to the
consumer, whereas gold, having an intrinsic
value, can only be worth that which it will assay
at the mint, and consequently, which is a sole-
cism, the tax is paid by the producer. It is a
more oppressive tax than even income tax,
because there is no deduction from the gross
yield. Even the gold taken out of the ground
at a loss is subjected to the same tax in pro-
portion-to its amount as that taken where the
claim is rich or where the expense of working
is light.
But, sir, still later than this, appreciating the
necessity of changing this population from a
nomadic into a settled one, upon the Ameri-
can idea of giving every man a title to his land
to reside on himself and for an inheritance to
his children, Congress enacted a law which,
however, applied to quartz claims only, under
the provisions of which quartz miners are now
enabled to obtain a patent to their claims. But
up to the present time no legislation has been
attempted by which those great gravel mines
which produce one half of the gold which goes
into the circulation of the country can pass
into the hands of private proprietors.
What has been the result? I desire to im-
press upon the recollections of gentlemen who
visited our State during the past year the con-
dition of the mining counties of California which
they must have observed when they visited
them. There is a climate more beautiful than
that ofany other spot on earth,however favored;
health-giving breezes ; opportunities for a large
and thriving population ; and yet all through
that large range of country there is no power,
with the single exception I have named, for
the miners who reside and labor there, and
have^ done so for these twenty years past, to
acquire a right to their homes or to the mines
which they have developed and upon which
they have put costly improvements. Even the
Miner's cabin cannot be purchased by him of
the Government, for your preemption laws
only recognize agriculturists.
.Sir, take any farmer and put him upon a
Pwce of land where he is liable to be disturbed
at any moment, where he remains only at the
sufferance of the owner, and what improve-
ments would you expect him to make upon
that land? He will be more apt to neglect it
in every particular; he will shear it of all it
bears and has that may be immediately valu-
able to him, and will care little what may*be-
come of the estate when it shall pass again from
his hands or how much it degenerates while he
holds it. If you wish to give over a farm to
utter waste subject it to.such possession.
Now, to a certain extent, except so far as it
'may have been prevented by the reliance of
the mining community upon the justice of
Congress, this is true of our mining regions.
It has been urged as a reproach against our
people that they are nomadic ;• that they yield
to every passing excitement ; that upon each
rumor that a new mining region has been dis-
covered they rush to it and leave their old
homes. The remedy for that is to attach them
to the soil, give them a right, under wise and
proper regulations, to buy that which they have
occupied and improved. Then substantial in-
stead oftemporary improvements will be made,
and the certainty of titles will encourage the
investment of capital.
I have said that no legislation upon this
subject has passed Congress except in regard
to quartz mining; but several years ago a bill
was brought forward which, to every practical
man who knows anything in regard to the
necessities of the mining region, was simply
monstrous. Among other things it was pro-
posed that the price of mining lands should be
fifty dollars an acre. Why, sir, the hope of
the lost angels to regain heaven would not be
more futile than the idea that miners generally
could buy their mining claims at that price.
It was also provided that miners should be
allowed to preempt only forty acres of land
for mining purposes. How could those im-
provements of which I have spoken be made
under a limitation like that? A tunnel cost-
ing $80,000, or even $5,000, running to a mine
of forty acres! No such tunnels would ever
be constructed, and such a bill should be enti-
tled "a bill to strangle mining."
More than that, it was provided in that bill
that the mining regions should be divided into
coinage districts, and that there should be
organized a system of spies and informers,
who should receive one half of all the gold they
could secure the confiscation of for attempts
to carry it out of the district without first
being coined; and this was not one of the
least obnoxious features of the bill.
There was another equally wise provision in
that bill, that any miner having bought his
forty acres of land and worked it out must
prove to the satisfaction of the State geologist
and of the land officers that it was actually
worked out'; that then he must sell it to some
one who could have no use for it when he could
not use it himself, and unless he sold it to some-
body else he could not buy another mine. How
long would it take to run out the present gener-
ation of miners under such a regulation ?
Now, sir, when that bill came to California
there was a general uprising throughout the
mining community. There was held in the
city of Sacramento one of the largest, most
respectable, and most intelligent conventions
that ever assembled in that State, called " the
miners' convention." They sent here a memo-
rial which was listened to by Congress, in which
they exhibited the enormous features of that
bill, and showed that its result would be to
prevent the transaction of all mining business.
The bill fell, and from that day to this no prop-
osition bearing on that subject has been brought
forward except that to which I have referred,
which operates in a limited degree to give titles
to persons who hold quartz claims under min-
ing laws.
At this session I have introduced and had
printed a bill extending the principle of that
law with some modification; extending it to
placer claims; requiring, however, that those !
claims shall conform to the Government sub-
divisions. The Government is now selling
here and "there- through tiie mining regions
Sunder the quartz "sites for mills, &e.,
irregular pieces oi ground,without any regaiu
to the system of Government, surveys, and
'which'can .never be conformed, to them. In
order to enable the miners toconfonn their
placer claims.to Government subdivisions, it
is necessary that i'oriy-acre tracts be divided
into ten-acre traStg, to "eriable small claims to
be entered separately, and Inadequately sepa-
rate agricultural' lands.' Furthermore, it is
necessary that there should be some system
of joint entry, so that pi.en.Tjhose claims inter-
lace each other, as claims" will where the veins
run so eccentrically as they do there, may
ma,kejbint entry and conform to^'the subdi-
visions of'the Government in their exterior
boundaries. I£ this is done,a great load of
expense, will be takeiifroin the miner's should-
ers in having his claims surveyed and mapped
by the surveyor "general.". In all,places where
surveys have teen mads this pijpeipte will
immediately beneficially operate apd I in-
tend, as part of ray pleasure,,that-$kese sur-
veys shall proceed, throughout th"e,,5>tatg". .
But a more" irfiportarit- amendment which T
propose in that bill' provides that this system
of restraint, this'system of tying the hands of
the miners and p're'yenting' them( "except at
great cost, and "often entirely from obtaining
their titles, shall not be applied to placer claims.
Sir, California and its mining interests are
twenty years old. Some of the claims worked
in my district are of, th.at age. These have
passed down, through multitudes of owners.
The original title or possession depended upon
mining laws—a code originally written, modi-
fied afterward by custom—a code' as well set-
tled, and understood by our courts and by the
miners themselves as is the common law of
England by the cro.urts of the United States—
a code eminent for its wisdom, perfected by
long experience, aiid admirably adapted to the
condition and necessities of the people among
whom it originated.
But, sir, under mining customs, and under
the authority of our supreme court passing
thereupon, for a "long time during the history
of our State the title, as it is called among
miners, of mining claims could pass without
written instrument and by the delivery of
possession. Under this system, where the
question was as to the ownership of a claim,
the fact to be proved was "the actual delivery
of possession for an adequate consideration ;
and this being proved, it was accepted in' any
court in lieu of a deed containing the ordinary
reeitals._ Furthermore, in eases where there
were written instruments many of them were
without seals and never recorded ; sometimes
burned up in miners' cabins; sometimes lost
out of miners' pockets; so that when finally
a law was passed by Congress which, under
the construction of the Land Office, required
that in order to prove a right to a mining claim
under the quartz law it should be traced back
by mesne conveyances to the original holders
and it should be further proved that the claim'
was taken up in strict accordance with minim*
laws which had themselves passed into tradi"
tion and are proved in our courts by oral
testimony, and" that a copy of such mining laws
should be produced m evidence, it was simply
a matter of impossibility to comply with the
matterTf ntS" minin£ Iaws were seldom
matter of record m any public office. Thev
exist to-day as an unwritten common law, as I
fimdshed! M exemP!ified c°Py cannot be
p®it^f,Ve\atio,us and impossible require-
<™ts the law has lost much of its useful,
,t to h„aSr?0Sula-r ?ith the miners ^
it to be. Under it the oldest and best-set-
tied claims, those upon which
ments the law has lost much Sf iteTsefXesV
and is not as popular with the miners as
ought to be. Under it the oldest and best-s
ed claims, those upon which years of labor
have been expended, those which go down
eep into the bowels of the earth, are under a
disadvantage to which new cfa *j
