1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4461
that they desire to pass it as a sort of punish-
ment to the House. They have sent us this
monster undressed, in its nude state, and Sen-
ators are going to compel them to swallow it
whole.
We are told that it comes hero clothed with
the sanctity of the indorsement of the immedi-
ate Representatives of the people. What Rep-
resentative has said one word in its favor?
Not one. They had not the daring of the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota, to give a single
reasonwhy this thing should be done. They
were either too timid or not audacious enough
to attempt, to give a rpason for this unshapely
production. It was left for the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota to clothe it in garments
so attractive and to urge it in arguments of
so much power as to command the vote of a
majority ot the Senate of the United States.
The honorable Senator from Minnesota says
tliat'we should pass this bill in obedience "to
the universal de/nand of the people. ! said
the other day. and I now repeat, that the voice
of the people was never obtained upon it 011
any reflection, consideration, or deliberation.
Ii was obtained by order of the Postmaster
General. In my judgment, the trophies that
he will gather from this lield will wither and
fade before an indignant and outraged people.'
One Senator says, pass the bill to punish
the House. Sir, X have no punishment to mete
out to the House. Their action is their own.
Their action was inconsiderate, if debate and
deliberation can be termed consideration. The
bill was carried through that House upon one
of those waves of impulse that sometimes lead
to disaster, and the cooler and more delibera-
tive body of which we have the honor to be
parts, are here to stay the tide of this impulse,
which would misdirect and mislead us.
It is said that this bill will stop a largo amount
of public printing, and for that reason Senators
on my right and on my left say they will vote
for it. Why not stop the public printing, and
let the franking privilege remain? Does it
necessarily follow, because members of the two
Houses and the heads of the several Depart-
ments of the Government have the right to
frank that they must necessarily print large
amounts of useless documents?
Other Senators say that they will vote for
the bill because they want to get rid of this
labor of franking. Then the bill should be
entitled "A bill for the relief of lazy Senators."
Sir, the bill is a false pretense if that doctrine
be true. It is not to relieve the people of a
burden, but to relieve Senators and members
from-labor. I say that that is unworthy of
consideration. I perform the service of frank-
ing such documents as are given to me with
great jjleasure, and I send them to a people who
are anxious to devour their contents. These
documents are not read here, because the ear
drinks in the sound when it is uttered; but
they are read with a relish at the sources of
rivers and in the gorges of the mountains. Our
constituents turn to them as the test of our
fidelity to their interests ami the interests of
the country. In those documents are recorded,
and they stand in living light in judgment for
or against us, the yeas and nays upon every
bill that passes this Congress. That is the
test to which the people bring us. Can it be
possible that Senators here are casting votes
that they do not want their constituents to
know of? Every Senator repudiates that idea.
I speak now of that class who say they want
to get rid of franking, who are too lazy to let
their constituents know what their votes are.
Mr. President, I know how uncertain and
destructive are these impulsive tides as they
flow occasionally. The tidal wave in the South
Pacific took a man-of-war, laden with her guns,
her ammunition, and her crew three quarters of
a mile inland, and landed her upon the sands.
As well might it be said that that was the usual
and natural motion of the ocean as to claim
that the petitions that have been sent here by
order expressed the public sentiment 
Mr. MORTON. 1 ask ray friend from Ne-
vada if he will yield to enable me to make a
motion to go into executive session? There
is an important confirmation that ought to be
made this afternoon.
Mr. NYE. Certainly, I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr.DRAKE. We have just twenty minutes
left, and I hope the Senate will go into execu-
tive session.
Mr. RAMSEY". I hope not. We can go
into executive session at any other time. Why
press that motion just now, when this bill is
before the Senate?
Sir. MORTON. We cannot conclude this
bill before the recess.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us try it, at any rate.
We have twenty minutes left.
_ The VICE PRESI DENT. Does the Senator
from Nevada yield the floor?
Mr. NYE. I do for that purpose. I wish
to say to the Senator from Minnesota that if
wo take a reeess at half past four this argu-
ment. will not be concluded by that time.
Mr. MORTON". That, is what I understand,
and therefore I make the motion. I move
that the Senate proceed tti the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. THOTIMAN. That, is a debatable ques-
tion, J believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness is not debatable under the present rules.
Mr. I'll HUMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays 011 the motion, to see whether we have a
quorum or not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Borenmn, Brake,
Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, (Jsborn,
Pool, Prntt, Koss, Sawyer, Spencer, Sumnci, War-
ner, and William.s—IT.
NAY'S—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler. Davis,
I Gilbert, Hamilton ot'Tcxas, Hamlin, Howell, John-
| ston, L^wis, MeOreery, -MelJortald, Pomeroy, lta.ni-
| sey, Saulsbury. Spraauo. Stockton, Thin-man, Tip-
! ton, dickers, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—-\Je-."rs. Anthony, Bavaru, Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter. Oasserly, Cuttell, Cole, Conk-
lini?, Oorbett, Crasin, Edmunds, Pen ton, Ferry,
l'lanagan, i'owlcr, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris,
Howard, llowe, Kellogg, Morrill of Elaine, Norton,
Patterson, Revels, Ilico, Robertson, Sehnrz, Scott.
Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull, Willey, and
Yates—&>.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada will resume his remarks.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, at some time
unknown to me the present Postmaster Gen-
eral, for whom I entertain the highest respect,
was seized with a sudden impression that he
must do something to make himself great.
When J mention that 1 do it with no disrespect
to the Postmaster General, because all of us
have a desire to make ourselves immortal.
My honorable friend from Minnesota, who
urges this bill, is probably not entirely free
from the desire that he shall be written down
in history as having carried through this meas-
ure—the greatest reform of the age! In order
to bring about that result, and to make history
-.vrite down the present Postmaster General as
greater than all his predecessors, he undoubt-
edly called to his councils the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota 
Mr. RAMSEY. Nc ; he did not.
Mr. NY'E. Then I beg the Senator's par-
don. [Laughter.] I did not think he would
be caught in such a thing as originating a prop-
osition like this. But the Postmaster General
called about him other great men, and it was
a subject of discussion there how this could be
done. " Mainland's favorite son:! must be im-
mortal. There was no way to do it but through
the avenue of some " great reform"—emphasis
on the "great" [laughter]—and after mature
deliberation between himself and associates
this brilliant idea was born : " I will send to the
Government Printing Office"—remember, this
is a matter of reform—-"I will get as many
circulars stricken off as there are stars in the
skies"—as a matter of public reform—"I will
frank them to every postmaster of this nation,
and not ask but command him to send back
signatures ; and in that way I will roll a tidal
wave of popular sentiment that Representatives
dare not attempt to resist."
My distinguished friend who sits on my right,
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
as firm as a rook in the surf, bows his head
before this unaccountable wave of public senti-
ment. It comes from the mountains, if. comes
from.tlia valleys, it comes from the cities, and
from every hamlet, of the nation, " Abolish tiiis
great wrong ; abolish the franking privilege."'
That cry concentrates here, until thirty-three
thousand postmasters have been heard from.
They have obeyed their order. The return to
the summons that was sent to them is made to
this forum, and sent here as the voice of a
mighty people demanding a great reform. Sir,
nine tenths of those who signed those petitions
would make an affidavit to-day that they never
made such fools of themselves. [Laughter.]
They did not know whether they were signing
a petition to abolish the franking privilege or
to increase postage. They signed to order.
The postmaster who could return the most
names was most certain of holding his posi-
tion. That is this "great reform !" As these
petitions came rolling in, I think I can see the
face of the distinguished leader of this great
relorm glowing with a joy indescribable, [laugh-
ter,] and hear him saying, Oh, what a public
sentiment! What a mighty revolution have I
produced ! This new-born idea has flashed like
lightning across the continent, and the echoes
come rolling in from every side, 'Great is the
mover of this mighty reform!' "
This, sir, you may say is but a picture; but
yet it is true. I stand here to deny that there
was any considerable movement of the public
mind upon this question until invoked by the
Postmaster General. Some two or three ab-
sorbing newspapers that wanted to do by the
little papers what the whales do t.o the min-
nows—swallow them up—opposed the frank-,
ing privilege, of course ; while others took the
ground that it was t.heir business to print, and
it, was the country's business to buy of them.
Next year you will undoubtedly hear of another
great reform started by these monopolists,
"Down with your Government Prin ting Office,"
because it is an expense to the Government.!
Mr. A, Mr. B, and Mr. 0 will come here and
agree to print for less than the amount of the
appropriations asked for by the Superintendent
of Public Printing, and then the cry will be
"Down with your Printing Office," as a great,
reform. Sir, we have had a little of this fruit
which was sweet in the month, but bitter other-
wise. We are eating it now. We have had a
fair test of the economy of it in the contract
for the Globe. If you get into the maw of any
of these great establishments, you come out
much less than you went in. The Globe can
fix its own price, and our most economical
Committee on Printing must yield. The cry
is "Down with everything that the Govern-
ment does for itself!" Against that I enter
my remonstrance. I care not whether it costs
a little more or a little less to the Government,
it should have its own office for printing, where
we should not be met by the impudent or inso-
lent demand of a voracious contractor, saying,
as they will, " Here you give a little, and there
too much." It is prudential on the part of the
Government to see to it that it falls into no such
trap.
And yet, sir, as a part of the argumen t why
this franking privilege should be abolished,
we are told that by that means we shall get
rid of this enormous amount of printing, i s
there one word in this bill about your print-
ing? Not a word. The Senatorfrom Minne-
sota tells me that that is superfluous. That is
the argument that is heard from one end of
the country to the other, that if we abolish the
franking privilege it will reduce the public
printing; and yet the honorable Senator, in
