1870.
Sfl'fi COKGRBSSlOKAt &LOBE.
8517
porate them into Ihe body-politic of the Uni-
ted States, as equal constituent members. YVfe
must recollect that a mail in Soutlk Carolina, a
citizen of the United States, Blast be placed
on precisely the same platform ahd Covered by
the same protection, endowed with the same
political privileges as a man in Massachusetts
or Michigan. If you are going to attempt to
punish three hundred thousand—I take the
largest number which has been spoken of here
as under political disabilities; if you ate going
to attempt to punish three hundred thousand
men in the southern States by continuing their
ineligibility to office you will punish innocent
men as well as guilty ones.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I believe there are no per-
sons laboring under political disabilities at the
South now except those who held office and
took an oath of allegiance befbre the rebellion
to the United States and afterwhrd engaged iti
the rebellion.
Mr. SAWYER. That is one class of dis-
abilities.
Mr. DRAKE. And I challenge the state-
ment made by the Senator from South Caro-
lina as a matter of fact.
Mr. SAWYER. What statement?
Mr. DRAKE. . The statement that thene are
three hundred thousand of these men. There
were never probably in all the rebel States
from the beginning to the and, from the best
computation that the best atatistieians in the
country can make, over forty thousand of them
who are disqualified ia the way that is now
referred to.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator has not exer-
cised his usual critical attention* I said no
such thing as that there were three -hundred
thousand ineligible to office under the four-
teenth amendment. I said I took the largest
number that had been named, and if it was
proposed to continue that ineligibility, when
the Senator interrupted me. i believe the
Senator is very nearly correct as to the num-
ber; but let me remind him that that number
of forty or fifty thousand includes whom? It
includes every member of Congress who after-
ward went into the rebellion, every judge who
sat on the ber.ch (although his commission
may have antedated the rebellion) through the
rebellion, every Governor of a State. If it
only took that class of men it might he mote
endurable; but it goes doWti, and it takes con-
stables, sheriffs, depnty sheriffs, notaries public,
justices of the peace; members of the General
Assembly, and so on ad infinitum; it takes
men who had no more to do with raising the
flag of secession than the Senator from Missouri
had. The ineligibility of the ihird clause of
the fourteenth amendment strikes at as many
men who were our friends during the war, in
proportion to thewhole number certainly, as
it does those who were ear enemies.
Bat admitting that it does affect men who
were oar enemies during the war, I ask if
after five or six years have elapsed since the
surrender of the last soldier of the confeder-
acy, since every State is admitted here but
one, it is not about time, if we are ever going
to forgive these men, that we should do it?
Now, although by implication read out of
the Republican party by the Senator froni
Indiana^ my purpose is to strengthen the Re-
publican party in the State which I have the
nonorin part to represent here; toy purpose
is to strengthen the Republican party ih the
United States. I believe the Republican party
is the party which has the ability to do more
good to the country than its opponent My
purpose is what the Senators who differ from
me on this point declare their's to be, the
triumph of the Republican party and the pro-
tection of die citizens of the United States.
Bat, Mr. President, when you shut out any
one large -section of the country from all aspir-
ations for participation in the public offices,
when you tell that l&rgfe class of rfleh that they
must have no part or lot in the administration
of the affairs of the Government you bid them
to obey and love, I say you cut off from the
Republican party one of its great elements
of strength. When I reflect that in addition
to the third clause of the fourteenth amend-
ment imposing these disabilities there still
rests on the statute-book the 4ct known as the
test-oath, paBsed on the 2d of July, 1862,
which keeps out of Federal offices practically,
not, its my friend from Connecticut 6aid, eight
hundred thousand men, or all but fifty thousand
of them, but a million men at least in the
States lately in rebellion and in the States that
did not nominally go into rebellion ; When I
reflect that all those boys and young taen who
never had held an office and who had no polit-
ical opinions save those that they had absorbed
from the atmosphere which they had breathed
all their lives are out off from all aspiration
for Federal proferment and Federal office, I
say the folly of man cannot conceive a more
blundeting add stupid scheme than the scheme
of keeping that test-oath on the statute-book.
We aire now in many localities in the South
reduced to the necessity, in order to get Federal
appointments filled, of selecting them from
ignoramuses or rascals; and yet the Senator
from Indiana telle us that we can select where
we will, th&t the fifty thousand loyal men are
amply sufficient to guide the counsels of the
nation in those States. Now, I wish to do all
eredit to the men who were loyal to the flag in
the southetii States ; I wish to give them all
•the praise which belongs to men who resisted
a eurrent that my friend from Indiana never
had to resist; I tosh to give them all the laurels
Which belong to thenii Far be it from me, who
saw their sufferings and their sacrifices through
that terrible contest, to take one single leaf
from the ohaplet which should bind their brows.
But, Mr. President, they were few in numbers ;
as a rule they Were insignificant in political
and social consequence; and if you attempt
to carry on the business of government in those
States by their agency and that of the race
lately enfranchised alone you will certainly
fail. I do not ask the Congress of the United
States to conciliate any man who has com-
mitted a crime against the Government; but
I ask you to recognize the existing state of
facts, and to remembef that if it is your pur-
pose to incorporate anew into the Government
of the United States the men who make up the
States lately in rebellion, you have got to tear
down the bars which forbid their complete
entrance into and participation in the duties,
privileges, ahd responsibilities of citizenship.
Mr. HOWrELL. I should like to ask, for
ititbfmation, if the Senator desires to take away
all the bars and exclusions which are put up
in olir laws and our Constitution against the
leading rebels of the South; if he is in favor
of doing away at onde, Without petition or witli-
ctttt desire on the part of these leading rebels,
■With the disqualifications under which they
laboi", if he wants Jeff. Davis upon the same
platform that we are in regard to this question ?
Mr. SAWYER. No, Mr. President; as an
actual truth I do not want Jeff. Davis on the
floor of the Senate ; but let nje tell the Sen-
ator thftt the time may cotne When, if the pol-
icy which I suppose he would advocate pre-
vails, there will be difficulty in sending any-
body else from Mississippi but Jeff. Davis or
some equhlly gftilty participant in the rebel-
lion.
Mr. HOWELL. The policy Which I under-
stand the Senator advocates is a policy which
has already been t^ied, and, as 1 think, very
effectually, in TehtiesSee; and the results there,
I think, are such results as we shall find practi-
cally throughout the South if the policy adopted
ifi Tennessee is the policy to be adopted.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I shall not
allow myself to be drawn off . into a discussion
of the Condition of affairs in Tennessee, where
this very policy of proscription, which is to-day
advocated here with so much emphasis, has
been the bane of the Republican party, where
the Republican party began by proscribing
every man who differed from them in opinion,
and then met the natural consequence in retali-
ation. I shall not, I say, be drawn off to talk
about the Republican party in Tennessee. I
say that the way to keep such men as Jeff.
Davis off this floor is to put him on the same,
platform as to his civil and political rights as
any other man holds, so that he may not have
the advantage of holding up before his fellow -
citizens, many of whom were just as guilty as
hewas,the grievance whichhe bears and which
so many of them do not bear. I do not pro-
pose to allow those men who did instigate anil
aid and abet and cJirry on and fight the war of
the rebellion the advantage over me, that they
cart call around them their sympathizing friends
and say, " Here I am not as other men ; I am,
five years after the war is over, a proscribed
man, although I have laid doWn my arms and
accepted the situation in perfect good faith."
That is one of theirchief elements of strength.
Give a man a grievance and he has the strength
of two men.
Mr. President, I agree with much that has
been said here as to the guilt and the crime
of the rebellion. I would have agreed in 18GL!
to the enactment of the test-oath. As lias
been said so abiy by the Senator from Connec-
ticut, there were spies all through the service
of the Government; there were spies and trai-
tors in Washington; there were spies and
traitors everywhere. It was necessary to guard
every avenue from the entrance of rebels and
spies. But that act was passed for a temporary
purpose. It served the temporary purpose: and
from the time that the war closed and the
States were readmitted in the Halls of Congress,
it has been an evil, an unmitigated evil, noth-
ing but an evil. It will continue to be an evil
as long as it remains on the statute-book.
Mr. President, I wish now to call attention
to one remark which fell from the Senator
from Indiana yesterday, which is not a new
remark on this floor. In reply to the Senator
from Alabama, the Senator from Indiana said :
"I say to my friend frtrni Alabama- that if tho
policy he indicates should be tho law of this land,
my opinion is that the seat which he occupies bo
worthily and so much to my satisfaction would soon
know him no more forever."
I have heard that remark in shbstance on
this floor before ; and I take the liberty here
and how to say that if any Senator on this
floor makes that remark as an indication that
he supposes another Senator would act any
differently if it were true that he would lose
his seat, if any Senator charges that the po-
litical course on this floor of another Senator
would be controlled by the consideration of
the question of his reelection, it is an asper-
sion upon hi3 integrity as a Senator, and- an
implication that he will violate his oath as such.
When a Senator allows his official senatorial
conduct here to be governed by such motives
as those it is better that his place should be
filled by another man; and let me say that I
do not hold the seat 1 occupy here because I
would have sought the place which I do hold,
nor would I have held it or have been a Catrdi-
date for it, but for the fact that I desired to
keep out others who were even less fit to be
here than myself, and that I could select in my
State many men at that time who, if it had not
been for these very disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment would have stood on
this floor much abler advocates of the princi-
ples of the Republican party, much stronger
men for the State of South Carolina, and for
the United States than I can ever hope to be.
And when I get so low as to desire to exclude
people who live in my State from eligibility
for public office, because forsooth there may
be an opportunity that they will sit in the seat
that I occupy, I beg that my friends may still
have grace enough to keep me away from the
Senate of the United Skates. I trust no Sen-
ator will insult any other Senator on this floor
