4462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
his mighty scheme of reform, says nothing of
this great enormity of the public printing. He
says that will take care of itself. Sir, it is the
Senator's duty to take care of it.
Mr. President, reform generally is the cry
of not the soundest character of men. I have
lived most of my life in the greatest city of
this continent, and I have seen more ras-
cals hoisted into place under the cry of " re-
form" than the honorable Senator has post-
masters in this nation. " Reform " is the cry
uf a lesser order of men—not that I speak
Hgainst genuine reform. I do not refer to
(hose reforms that are real and genuine, such
ns the reform that my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumxeb] led here for a quarter of
a century. That is a reform that will live.
But it was not a reform of dollars and cents,
it was the great reform of the rights of men ;
and that will endure forever.
But we are told that we are going to save a
vast amount of money by this project. When
I told the Senator from Minnesota the other
day that the contracts were let for four years
from the Rocky mountains west to the Pacific
ocean, with no regard whatever to the taking
off of this franking privilege, 1 told the truth.
When I told him and told the country that
there was not a particle of mail matter carried
by the pound in this Union, I told the truth.
Therefore, standing upon that basis, I assert
that not one dime will be saved to the Depart-
ment in the contract prices for carrying your
mails, either by steam or by animal power.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will allow
me, if that is the state of the case, what does
the Postmaster General mean by saying that
we shall save $5,000,000?
Mr. NYE. That is what, I am about to
iuquire. It is an easy thing to say we shall
save $-5,000,000. What the Postmaster Gen-
eral means to say is this: ''I will make my
balances, and if the Government will pay me
$7,500,000 or $10,000,000, I will make the
Post Office Department, show $5,000,000 bet-
ter." So he would. If the honorable Senator
from Ohio will examine the matter he will
find that that rests upon assertion only. If
you will inquire of the Postmaster General, or
his champion upon this floor, the honorable
Senator from Minnesota 
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir; I am the cham-
pion of the people on this measure.
Mr. NYE. " The champion of the people!"
lie chooses his own name, and I will give it to
hiin. lie will tell you that they expect to stop
the carrying of these enormous documents that
are printed in the Public Printing Ollice; and
yet not one movement is made toward lessen-
ing the documents called for. If they are not
sent off you will require a building larger than
the one we now occupy to store them in. I
should like to iuquire of the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota what he expects to do
with these accumulated documents. Am I
asked to pay the postage on them to my peo-
ple? I answer, 1 belong to that class that,
" you have with you always ;" I am too " poor."
[Laughter.] Do you ask my constituents to
pay it? I answer that many of them are too
poor, and yet they drink 
Mr. RAMSEY. You ask me 
Mr. NYE. No; I am not asking you any-
thing.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator certainiv asked
demand that tire Department makes upon Con-
gress for this year is $5,000,000 of money
more than was asked last year.
Mr. THURMAN. You must mean less.
Mr. NYE. No, sir.
Mr. THUIIMAN. It must be.
Mr. NYE, No, it is not. It is more.
Therefore, the Postmaster General does not
anticipate any increase of income to the Post
Office Department. Now, Mr. President 
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy in the chair.) The Chair must arrest the
progress of business at this point. The hour
of half past four o'clock having arrived, it be-
comes the duty of the Chair, under the order,
to announce that the Senate now takes a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. THAYER. What is the order of busi-
ness for to-night.?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate has taken a
Not at all. I am not asking
I hope the honorable Senator
You announced that you
me 
Mr. NYE.
you anything.
will keep easv
Mr. RAMSEY.
would ask me 
Mr. NYE. Oh, no; 1 have not. It is the
wounded birds that always flutter. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, as an evidence of what I say I ask
the Senate to look at the appropriations asked
for by the Post Office Department for the com-
ing year. 1 say they are larger than before,
and if this great reform is to be had,_ why are
they not less? Sir, this cry is a delusion. The
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
tioy iu the chair.) The Chair will state tuat
the unfinished business, being the bill (II. R.
No. 986) to abolish the franking privilege, is
before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope we shallgo on with it.
NIAUAltA JUV15U J5KIDUH.
Mr. FENTON. I ask my friend from Nevada
to give way for a moment to call up House bill
No. 489.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] isent.itled to the floor,
and the Senator from New York asks to hove
the pending businesslaid aside informally. The
Chair hears no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 489) to authorize
the construction and maintenance of" a bridge
across the Niagara river.
Mr. FENTON. The hill has once been
read, and I suppose the reading may be dis-
pensed with, by the consent of the Senate, and
the amendments which the committee have
prepared may be offered. I will send to the
Clerk's desk the amendments prepared by the
committee, of which the honorable Senator
from Minnesota is chairman.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads was in section one.
line nine, after the word "Legislature" to insert
'• now in force."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
three, after " Secretary of War," to insert "but
not to be located south of Squaw Island ;" so
as to read:
That the location of any bridpre the construction
of which is hereby authorized shall be subjcct to the
approval oi the Secret,. iry of War, but not to be located
south of Sq11;iv,- Ishuid.
The amendment was agreed to.
'fiie next amendment was to strike out in
| line twenty-five, "two hundred," and to insert
ji " one hundred and sixty so as to read :
f i That :nieh bridge shall have at least two draws of
not leys t han one hundred and sixty feet in width in
the clear between the piers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The r.ext amendment was in lines twenty-
seven and twenty-eight, to strike out the words
" And the location and plan of the same shall
bo subject to the approval of the Secretary of
War," and to insert, "xYnd the piers of said
bridge shall be paralleled to the current of
said river."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
two the following:
And be it further enacted. That tho bridge herein
named shall be subject in its construction to the
] supervision of the Secretary of War of the United
States, to whom the plans and specilicatious relative
i to its construction shall be submitted for approval;
and all railway companies desiring to usesaid bridge
shall have and be entiSed to equal rights and privi-
leges in the passage of the same and in the use of
the machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all th.:
approaches thereto, under and upon such terms and
conditions as shall be prescribed by the district
court of the United States for the northern district
of New York, upon hearing all the allegations and
proofs of the parties, in ease they shall not agree.
The amendment was agreed to."
The next amendment was to insert as section
three the following:
And be it further enacted, That tnc i ight to alter or
amend this act, so as to remove all material obstruc-
tions to the navisation of the said river by the con-
duction of the said bridge, is hereby expressly
reserved.
Mr. RAMSEY. It should be " so as to pre-
vent, or remove.The words '■ to prevent or "
should be inserted before 11 remove."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mod-
ification of the amendment will be made if
there be no objection. The Chair hears no
objection ; and the question is on the amend-
ment as modified.
The amendment was agreed fo.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the bill be
read.
The bill was re.ad.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
KANSAS MILITARY EXPENSES.
Mr. ROSS. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, I desire to call up Senate
bill No. 814, to reimburse the State of Kansas
for moneys expended for the United States iu
enrolling, equipping, and provisioning militia
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion.
Mr. RAMSEY. That bill will probably con-
sume a great deal of time, and I hope the Sen-
ator will not insist upon taking it up now.
Mr. ROSS. I do not see any reason why
this bill should consume anytime at all. It is
in the precise form of the bill passed fjiree
years ago for the States of Indiana and Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be taken up, subject to a call for the regular
order. The Senator from Nevada can claim
the floor at any time.
The bill (S. No. 874) to reimburse the State
of Kansas for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provision-
ing militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. Immediately after its passage the
President is directed by the bill to appoint three
commissioners, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, who are not residents of
the State of Kansas, whose duty it shall be to
ascertain the amount of money expended by
the State of Kansas in enrolling, equipping,
subsisting, transporting, and paying such State
forces as were called into service in that State
since the 1st day of January, 1802, to act in
concert with the United States forces in the
suppression of the rebellion against the United
States. The commissioners so .appointed are
to proceed, subject to regulations to be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of War, at once to
examine all the items of expenditure made by
the State of Kansas for the purposes named,
allowing only for disbursements made ami
amounts assumed by the State for enrolling,
equipping, subsisting, transporting, and paying
such troops as were called into service by the
Governor, at the request of the United States
department commander commanding the dis-
trict in which Kansas may at the time have
been included, or by the express order, consent,
or concurrence of such commander, or which
may have been employed or used in suppressing
rebellion in that State. No allowance is to be
made for any troops which did not perform
actual military service in full concert and co-
operation with the authorities of the United
States and subject to their orders. In making
up the account, for the convenience of the
