318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
developed arenot subjected; because, in regard
tojiew claims, where the acts are recent many
of these omissions can be supplied.
Now, the bill which I have introduced pro-
poses to enact that where there has been actual
and fconcf fide possession of a mining claim
during- th'e period of time prescribed by • the
statute of limitations for mining claimsof the
State or Territory where the claim may be situ-
ated, and there is 110 adverse claim made by
any party, whatever, after full and fair notice
of the" application for a patent, this possession
shall be a substitute for all the machinery con-
tained in those impracticable provisions and
regulations requiring miners to trace back their
claims through written instruments which never
existed to a period so remote as that to which
many of these Claims extend, and .to verify
them by a code that has no extant written
record.
I propose by this bill, and I think the prin-
ciple has 'already been sanctioned by Congress
in the enactment I have stated, that there shall
be a full recognition ctf the principle of preemp-
tion in favor of the miner's. And why not? Why
not "remit the same jbteemption to the miner
for his .claim .as, that which is'allowed to the
farmer Tvho locates land by -his side? Any
other courge.woul'd throW tfye improved claims
open to competition by outsiders who have not
a dollar invested in them, while'those who own
them under the mining laws, and who have all
of their money invested in the improvements
upoil then), would be unable to enter into such
competition.
And, furthermore, I have proposed that the
price shall be double minimum; that is, $2 50
per acre. I say deliberately, sifter twenty years'
experience in a mining community, knowing
the circumstances of our people and the value
of these lands for mining purposes; knowing
the discouragements that arise from the failure
of claims to pay; the vast amount of labor
expended in prospecting; the costly improve-
ments necessary to develop the mines now
worked—knowing all these facts by daily and
yearly experience, I say that $2 50 is a large
price for these lands. I hope that when this
bill comes up for action there will he no effort
made to put a fabulous valuation upon mineral
lands. 1 think a higher price will drive off the
men who have improved them and who by their
industries have so largely added to the capacity
of the Government to meet its obligations and
kept the nation from bankruptcy.
Mr. Chairman, if these principles, as well
as others which I will not now take the time
of the committee to dwell upon, but which
I hope to fully state when this matter shall
come up for the action of the House—if these
principles are applied to the mining interests
of the Pacific States and Territories, you will
then have contributed to turn a population
restless and with too little local attachments
into settled and permanent communities ; you
will have increased the subjects of taxation both
by the General Government and by the States.
In my own State there are mining countries,
once, prosperous and opulent, which are now
overwhelmed with debt, and for the reason that
while we deprive the miners of all title their
possessions cannot be taxed. You put it in
the organic law of our State that it should not
tax the public domain. These mines are the un-
segregated public domain, unsegregatcd by any
act of yours; and although you passed the law
which said that the mineral lands of the United
States should be opened to occupation, never-
theless you have never adopted any system to
convey property interests in them. What I
now propose is that each individual miner shall
take his individual possession and pay for the
same and be liable for taxes thereon. I know
that in exchange for a title which would relieve
them from the great expense of harassing liti:
gations amongst themselves, from conflicting
questions of boundary and priority, the miners
would be glad of the opportunity to pay taxes
either to the General Government or to the
State upon this species of property. It will be
also a measure of great relief to the mining
counties themselves in leading to permanent
homes and improvements in their midst, in-
creasing objects of taxation, &c.
Now, sir, there is another subject kindred in
its- nature to that of this bill to which I wish to
ask the indulgence of the committee fox a few
minutes. The Sierra Nevada mountains form
the eastern boundary of California through a
large part of their course. These Sierras, at
the altitude of from three to seven thousand
feet above the level of the sea, are subject to
•late and early frosts, which forbid any hope of
crops, so that agriculture is impossible, and
the lands thus situated can never be settled on
by any communities for agricultural purposes.
They are simply not susceptible of cultivation.
The mountain torrents which fall from their
sides are so soon dried up in the spring as to
furnish no reliable motive power for driving
machinery. Yet these lands are valuable as
timber lands. They are covered with some of
the most beautiful forests of the world, com-
posed of towering pines and sturdy oaks} but
these lands' come within' the interdiction of
which I have already spoken, that lands which
are not susceptible of cultivation cannot be sur-
veyed or brought into market. While you ex-
clude these lands from the market laws fifty
years old are revived and put in force against
any person who makes use of the timber that
else rots in the forest. And there were reg-
ulations under those laws almost before the
youngest member of this House was born, the
effect of which is to exclude any one from
going upon public lands to cut timber for any
purpose whatever. All along the foot of the
Sierra Nevada mountains are towns and vil-
lages, and places where mining operations are
carried on. To build those towns, to rebuild
them in ease of fire, and to furnish lumber for
all necessary purposes of mining, the timber
on those mountains is absolutely essential. In
mining operations there is a necessity for tim-
ber to support tunnels, for building mills, for
flumes, and for blocks for the flumes. For a
thousand purposes it is necessary that timber
should be used ; yet by penal statutes you lock
up these timber lands, you will not let us buy
them, you will not even survey them. You
even hold your people criminally liable if they
take that timber for'purposes of pressing neces-
sity ; purposes of such a nature that the failure
to provide for them must depopulate the region.
What then do I ask ? I propose that the
Government shall have those lands surveyed,
and that they shall be sold in adequate tracts
to support saw-mills. This end I think can be
gained if they are sold in amounts not to ex-
ceed six hundred and forty acres to any one
individual or association. If these lands were
capable of cultivation it would be another mat-
ter, and I would be in favor of reducing the
amount to one hundred and sixty acres. But
they are not capable of cultivation ; and you
cannot expect a man to go into the wilderness
to carry on a saw-mill business unless he can
have timber enough to make it profitable.
At this present time, as I learn by papers
received from my district within the last few
days, inquisitive Government agents are going
about in order to ascertain who cut a particular
tree or squared a particular block of timber, or
who has run a saw-mill. It is an absolute
necessity of existence there that those very
things should be done, and you provide no
means by which they shall be done legally.
You punish with fines and imprisonment any
one who takes those things which are abso-
lutely necessary alike to the carrying on of the
business of mining, and to the conducting of
agricultural pursuits, and to the very existence
of our towns throughout the region of the Sierra
Nevada,
Now, I intend at the proper time to urge
with such ability as I may a change in the
policy of the Government 'in this respect. I
say let us adopt a policy which will turn to I
useful account these lands, which for twenty
years past, ever since California was inhabited",
have lain there waste, involving an utter w&ste
of valuable resources, shut out from the legal
occupation of our people, although there has
been a necessity for occupation and improve-
ment and use; shut out from such occupation
by heavy-fines and other penalties. I say let
us legitimize the business which is absolutely
necessary to be carried on there, and give our
people an opportunity to acquire honestly what
they will otherwise still find it necessary to get,
even although unlawfully.
One feature of the existing system is worthy
ofnotice. IfthcGovernmentagentsfindpeople
who have cut the trees on a certain piece of
ground they go to them, and, on threats of
prosecution, exact from them, byway of stump-
age an amount of money for refuse land equal
to twenty times the value of the best public
lands in the United States.
Now, there is certainly something rotten in
a system like that. It is bad economy on the
part of the Government to compel the people
to take this timber furtively. It is certainly
bad policy for us to undertake to enforce in
that region laws so ancient and so ill-adapted
to a country with new conditions. The old
timber laws of the United States were designed
to apply to prairie lands or lands which were
capable of cultivation, and where the surveys
either preceded or immediately followed settle-
ment; they are entirely unadapted to these
new conditions in my own State.
A few words more, Mr. Chairman, and I will
not further tax the patience of the committee.
As applied to our State, there is something
radically wrong in those provisions of our land
laws which allow large "tracts of land to be
taken up by speculators at what is called " pri-
vate entry." It is the curse of our State. Why,
sir, we ought to have one million more of pop-
ulation in our great agricultural valleys than
wo have at present, and wc would have if the
land laws of the United States had been prop-
erly framed with reference to "our condition.
Before California was acquired by the United
States Government Mexicans there had ac-
quired from their home Government, or from
some provisional governor who may have hap-
pened to be there, titles more or less good to
nearly all the lands in the valleys which are
fanned by the sea-breezes, and those at the time
we took possession of the State were held in
enormous tracts, excluding to a very large
degree any settlement upon them, or making
settlement hazardous, dependent upon the will
of the possessor of the land. But back in the
interior valleys of the State, where the Mex-
ican had never had the energy to penetrate,
there were magnificent domains, among which
I might cite the San Joaquin and Tulare system
of valleys.
Surveying in those times was a fat job through
these valleys. Tempted by the prices of sur-
veying the Government surveyor ran his lines
over this broad expanse of valleys, the surveys
were returned to the laud office, and pro
forma, without any one noticing the fact, the
lands were offered at public sale and found no
purchasers. Our people were engaged largely
in mining, and at that early period did not give
much attention to agriculture. Then specu-
lators came in, They saw this fair land lying
within their grasp. The result has been that
to-day in those valleys of which I speak six
million acres—think of it, gentlemen—six mil-
lion acres are held by a few men, because these
speculators could go to the land office and
buy up whole townships or whole counties of
the richest land God ever fertilized; buying it
for Sioux scrip, or agricultural scrip, or any
scrip, which, at its depreciated price, did not
cost them forty cents on the dollar in gold,
xhey thus got control of all that vast domain,
and they hold it now at prices which exclude
settlement.
The other day I introduced a resolution
which passed this House, but which somehow
