1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5407
authorized and directed to invito proposals, by public
advertisement, for the period ofthirty days in onoor
more newspapers, &c.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not see any partic-
ular necessity for shortening that time. The
usual course is to give as long an advertise-
ment as practicable, so as to give an oppor-
tunity Cor bidding. Unless there is some par-
ticular reason for it I think it had better stand
as it is.
Mr. COLE. I will suggest fifty or forty days,
to satisfy the Senator from Oregon. I believe
the time of the present contiact will expiie 011
the 1st of January next, and it is necessary,
therefore, that speedy action should be taken
by our Government. I suggest forty days.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It would not be impossi-
ble, but it would be very difficult for an adver-
tisement to-be put in the Washington news-
papers and go to the Pacific coast and come
back here again within the time specified. I
think we had better lengthen it a little.
Mr. COLE. Say forty-five days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is forty-five days
acceptable to the Senator from Oregon?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir; I have no objec-
tion to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be regarded as
amended to read "forty-five days," and agreed
to in that shape.
The next amendment was in section one, line
eleven, to strike out the words "ports in the
islands of Pejee and New Caledonia" and to
insert "such other ports in the Pacific ocean
as may be necessary for coaling purposes;"
so that the section will read:
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
authoiized and directed to invite proposals by public
advertisement for the period of forty-five days, in
one or more newspapers published in the cities of
Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York,
Boston, and San Francisco, respectively, i'or mail
steamship service betweeu the port of San Francisco,
in the United States, and some port or ports in Aus-
tralia and New Zealand, touching at Honolulu, in
the Sandwich Islands, and such other ports in the
Pacific occan as may become necessary for coaling
puiposes, by means ot a monthly line of first-class
Amci ican-built sea-going steamships of no tle^s than
two thousand register tons burden each, and of a
character and speed suitable for mail and passenger
steamships in this service, and of sufficient number
to perform twolvo round voyages per annum between
said ports, and to contract with the lowest qualified
arid responsible bidder for said service for a, term of
twelve yeais, to commence from the day the first
steamship ol the proposed line shall depart from the
port of San Francisco with the mails for Australia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line four, after the word " Feejee" to insert
"Society Islands;'' so that the section will
read :
That the President of the United States he, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to invite the
Governments ot the Sandwich Islands, the Islands
of Fejee, Socicty Islands, iS'cw Caledonia, New Zea-
land. and of the colonies of Australia, 10 unite with
the General Post Ollice Department of the United
States in establishing direct mail communication
between the United States and the«o respective
countiics by means of the aforesaid monthly line of
lirst-class American sea-going steamships.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will disagree
to tliatamendment. Ido nottliinkitnecessary.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section three,
line tv,-o, to strike out "five" and insert
" three ; " so that the clause will read :
That no proposal shall be considered which shall
amount to more than three hundred thousand dol-
lars tor the twelve round voyages per annum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understood
that we came here to-night to hear the Senator
from Calilornia; and so far as this bill is con-
1 eined I shall object to acting upon anything
except a mete pro forma amendment unless
there is a quorum present.
M r. COLE. Let us get through the amend-
ments of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theseareamend-
ments reported by the committee, which the
Chair sunoosed to be acceptable to the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I think they
ought to be acted upon by a quorum.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are purely verbal
amendments, and I think we might as well go
through with them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose all
amendments are verbal.
Mr. RAMSEY. In one sense they are.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Vermont
will look at the bill he will observe that these
amendments are nearly all mere verbal amend-
ments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will merely
say that I was very anxious to come here to-
night to accommodate my friend from Califor-
nia; and if there is a quorum here I am per-
fectly willing to have the bill acted upon ; but
I do not think that anything less than a quo-
rum should act upon so important a bill as this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is 011 the amendment reported by the
Committee on Commerce reducing the subsidy
from §500,000 to $300,000. The Senator fiotn
Vermont objects to taking avote on the amend-
ment unless a quorum is present. The Senator
from California will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. COLE. I shall be ready to forego any
further remarks whenever a quorum is present.
If any Senator will oblige me by informing me
of the fact I will suspend my remarks and go
on with the bill, if such be the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator give way to me
for a moment?
Mr. COLE. For what purpose?
Mr. NYE. Nothing that will delay you a
moment. There was a resolution introduced
yesterday morning by the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Saulsbury,] asking for inform-
ation in relation to the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company, whether they had com-
plied with their charter. He has not called it
up, and I should like the indulgence of the
Senate to have it passed now.
Mr. COLE. I am sorry to say that Sena-
tors have objected to any other business being
done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection has
been made to the transaction of any other
business except the consideration of the Aus-
tralian steamship bill.
Mr. NYE. I do not think anybody will
object to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that it was stated by the Senator from
Rhode Island, who was presiding at the time,
that this agreement was a contract binding on
the honor of the Senate.
Mr. NYE, As this resolution was intro-
duced by an adverse interest, I did not suppose
there would be any objection to disposing of
it. I want it passed. 1 presume it was intro-
duced for the purpose of delay.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator from
California allow me one moment?
Mr. COLE. I cannot give way ?
Mr. KELLOGG. I only want to offer an
amendment I
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the occasion I
hope will justify some remarks upon the sub-
ject ofsteam communication with foreign coun-
tries. This subject is now claiming unusual
attention because of its bearing upon our de-
pressed navigation interests. It is looked upon
by many as the means of recovering our lost
carrying trade, and while itis regarded by some
as the only requisite to accomplish that end,
all concede that its influence in that direction
will be great. The strong necessity that some-
thing should be done to regain the shipping that
slipped from us during the war and immediately
afterward is everywhere felt. It impresses
itself upon every American citizen on the most
casual view of our commercial situation. Its
discussion is not confined to Congress alone,
but is participated in by all the newspapers. It
is a theme ot comment at every social gather-
ing and by every fireside.
State Legislatures, party conventions, cham-
bers of commerce, boards ot trade, and town
assemblies have passed resolutions upon the
subject, and the anxiety of the public mind is
on the increase lest Congress should fail before
the adjournment to adopt some measures of
relief. But exaetly what sort of relief should
be sought is a subject of doubt, the views of
men varying according to circumstances and
local interests. With many the opinion pre-
vails that the real remedy is to be found in an
indefinite expansion of our tonnage, and 10
that end they advocate the encouragement nf
ship-building, without regard to the particular
kind of ships to be built. They would admit
l'ree of duty all materials used either in the
construction or equipment of vessels, and allow
a bounty, to be paid out of the Treasury of the
United States, upon American materials so
used equivalent to the duty upon like articles
when imported. As further encouragement
to the construction and employment of Ameri-
can ships, it is proposed that the Government
shall pay annually to the owners of vessels act-
ually engaged in foreign trade a certain, rale
per ton upon their registered measurement, dis-
criminating somewhat in favor of steamships,
but making no distinction as to the size, qual-
ity, or construction of cither sailing or steam
vessels.
The advocates of these systems of bounty are
not a few, nor are they wanting in zeal or
ability. But it is more certaiu that business
will be revived in our ship-yards by these plans
than that our carrying trade will be greatly
promoted by them. True it is, that by increas-
ing the facilities for trade trade itself will be
increased, just asa multiplication of the imple-
ments of husbandry will increase the products
of agriculture; but the increase in the produc-
tions of the farm depend more upon improve-
ments in the implements used than upon their
number. In like manner advancement in our
navigation interests will depend rather upon
the style of our ships, upon their speed and
convenience, than upon their number, or upon
the total amount of tonnage owned in the
country.
The marvelous growth which began in our
commerce some thirty or forty years ago was
attributable more to the peculiar construction
of our vessels than to any other cause. The
architectural skill displayed by our shipwrights
was a long stretch in advance of that displayed
by any other people. The Baltimore clipper,
whose remarkable speed wrested from the
nations of Europe a large share of the com-
merce of the West Indies and of the south'
Atlantic coast, was the first step; but from that
we advanced to the swift-winged clipper ship.
This grand triumph of naval architecture,
with the aid of Maury's charts, showing the
currents of the ocean and the air, could double
either of the southern capes in half the time
required by the old hulks of the period.
As a consequence, other nations, even the
British, were compelled to use our ships for
their carrying trade, and our tonnage increased
from 3,772,000 tons in 18-31 to 5,212,000 tons
in 1855. In 1801, when the rebellion broke out,
our ocean tonnage was swollen to the enorm-
ous amount of 5,539,000 tons. In 1850 a fact
exceedingly flattering to us was declared in the
English House of Commons by John Bright;
namely, that, "the finest vessels which are at
this moment performing the voyage between
England and the Australian colonies have been
built, in the United States; in ship-building the
United States not only compete with but in
some respects excel this country." This was
before we had reached the highest degree of
perfection in the art of ship-building, but it
was an era of triumph, for we were even then
able to defy competition. By means of those
mighty agents of commerce, clipper ships, we
could supply the best markets of the world
long in advance of those who depended upon
the old style of vessels to carry their cargoes.
But a great change has since taken place.
Maury's charts ate out of date; the age of clip-
per-ships is past. It has been succeeded by
the age of steamships. The sail no longer, but
