1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3519
say something on that question at more length
than I can now.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope the Senator will speak
so loud that he can be heard at least this far.
If he is only speaking that the reporter may
hear him, he talks loud enough; but if he
wishes the Senate to hear him, he should talk
louder.
Mr. CAMERON. It is not my misfortune
that the Senator from Missouri is so old that
he has not the full use of his ears. [Laugh-
ter.]
I desire to say that I disagree with the sen-
timents uttered to-day by the Senator from
Connecticut, for whom 1 have such high re-
spect, such great regard, and almost love, grow-
ing out of his great services to this country.
His words to-day were creditable to his heart,
but they are injurious to the country, and not
creditable to his judgment. I have thought a
great deal of this southern question. I have
seen it in all its aspects, and I want now only
a law which will secure to the negro the right
to vote as the Constitution contemplates he
shall. I was invited only last fall, in Novem-
ber, I believe, to go to the southern States. I
went to Georgia, Florida, and some other
States, and I found there no disposition to
carry out the kindness of the North toward
the South. The rebels of the war were rebels
still. Everybody treated me with kindness and
courtesy, as I suppose any gentleman going
anywhere would be received and treated, but
in every house I heard them speaking with con-
tempt of the northern men who had gone among
them. " The scalawags and the carpet-bag-
gers" were their constant theme of contempt,
and everywhere were eulogies of the men who
had fought and distinguished themselves in the
rebellion. They said that they were glad slavery
was abolished, because they had now learned
that it was more profitable to them to have the
labor of the negro at a cheap rate than to feed
him and clothe him and take care of him in sick-
ness and distress ; but there was no sympathy
for the negro. While he was a slave there was
no belief in the duty of supporting the laboring
man. They looked upon it only as a question
of finance, and they were getting rich, and were
proud to say they were getting rich. I tell
you that in a few years no portion of the world
of the same extent will be so rich, so powerful
in wealth and money, as the southern States;
and when that time comes no man who settles
among them from the North will be safe. No
matter how much he may yield to them now,
even though he may get down on his knees here
and say they are compelled to' violate the law,
or to take fools or rascals for the offices, that will
not save him when the southerners are relieved
from all disabilities and are allowed to vote as
they did before the rebellion.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] some
days ago referred to the circumstance of the
United States flag not being raised in Georgia
over the fair which I attended there last fall. It
is true that the authorities at the State fair, to
which others and myself were invited, had no
flag on the fair ground; and when its absence V
was objected to by myself and others from the/
North, they said there was none to be had, I
then, through a friend, had one procured and
offered, but it was declined. No flag of the
Union floated over that assemblage.
I believe in charity; I believe in kindness,
in not bearing spite, and in forgiving those who
do wrong. I wonld forgive, them when I be-
lieved they deserved it,' when their hearts were
changed, when they felt that they had done
wrong. When that time comes it will be time
enough to takeoff the disabilities of which they
f complain. They think it no wrong that they
came among ns and burned the houses and
• destroyed the fields and consumed the stacks
of the people of Pennsylvania. That, they say,
was all right; but now, because they did that
wrong, because they murdered our friends and
relatives, and we say they shall remain out of
the power whieh they took from themselves, it
is argued that we are doing them a wrong.
Why, sir, when I was traveling as the guest
of the people of the South 1 had with me a
servant whose skin was a little darker than my
own, and he was ordered out of the car in
which I sat, though I had paid for his passage.
They would have driven him out if I had not
said to them: "Beware; if you put him out it
will be done because you are stronger than he;
and besides, the moment that is done, I will
bring such power against you as this Govern-
ment can bring." It was not attempted by the
car agent on his own authority, for he said t®
me that it was the order of the directors
or superintendent of the road when we left
Savannah.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a question ?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. Did you inquire whether
the superintendent of the road was a northern
man?
Mr. CAMERON. I did not inquire anything
about that. That is nothing to the point. I
have seen northern men humble themselves
before the South more than southern men
would do.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to make a
suggestion on this point if the Senator will
allow me. I can say that with regard to the
State of South Carolina the colored man rides
in the same car that the Senator or I would
ride in, and. nobody disputes his passage any-
where in the street, in the steam rail cars or
the street cars. That has been allowed by the
republican government of the State of South
Carolina. Whatever the disposition may be,
I know nothing; I would not deal with men's
dispositions, but with their acts.
Mr. CAMERON. This was not in South
Carolina. I believe what the Senator says of
South Carolina is true, for the reason that the
negroes there have the majority. It is one
of the few States, if there be any at all, that
will eyer send a Republican to Congress when
the real South gets a chance. This was in
Georgia. Why, sir, only the other day Gen-
eral Lee, the head and front of the rebellion,
received such an ovation at Portsmouth, Vir-
ginia, as no conqueror in all history ever re-
ceived ; that man who led all the forces of the
rebellion against his Government; that man
who was educated at West Point by the bounty
of the Government; that man who had been
willing to take command of the Army of the
United States ; and that man now, if the South
had the power, would be elected President of
these United States.
Does any man here who thinks on the sub-
ject believe that there is not an idea now in
the southern mind that all the debt incurred
by the southern traitors in the rebellion shall
be paid by this Government ? If he does he
is more ignorant than I believe him to be. That
idea is there in the mind of everybody; and
someday, not far distant from now, if you take
off all the disabilities from these people and
allow the traitors to come here, a law will be
jpassed which will compel this Government to
Vpay the debt of the rebellious States. The mo-
ment these southern men come here as they
were before you will find plenty of weak-kneed
people in the North willing to bow down to that
southern power again and give them the con-
trol of this Government as they had before.
I had no idea of speaking on this subject: I
had made no preparation to speak. All I de-
sire to say now is that I hope we shall pass this
bill, make it a law. Let us do what we all
agree shall be done, that the negro under his
emancipation shall have his rights under the
law to vote as other men do; and hereafter we
will take up the question of relieving the south-
ern people from - disabilities. I will express
my sentiments then; and I give my vote as I
think an intelligent and honest man ought to
give it.
Mr- EDMUItfDS. Mr. President, I do not
rise to speak about the general question, but
only the precise point presented by the Sen-
ator from Ohio as to the best method of getting
on with the disposition of this question. I may
be permitted to say—and I am sure everybody
who reflects a moment will agree with me—
that the application of this bill to enforce the
fifteenth amendment is one that Congress is
not to make, but the courts where justice i3
administered in a criminal way are to make
it. Therefore it is a question peculiarly of the
technical application of remedies to redress
specific wrongs, to foresee them, to provide
against them; and the result of that is that we
cannot on the spur of the moment, at hap-liaz-
ard, as we may in general legislation, seeing
a point broadly and providing for it, legislate
with safety. I believe, as many Senators hero
do, that in some of the States this bill, if it
goes into effect, will go into effect against pub-
lic opinion, against the opinion of a major-
ity of the judges and jurymen, and all the peo-
ple who administer justice: and therefore, in
order to make it a success, in order to make
it accomplish the great end we all have in
view of securing to the enfranchised people
their constitutional rights, it must be a bill
that in the strictest and most technical sense
will defy criticism. It must stand special
demurrers, as the saying is; and in order to
make it stand special demurrers the Judi-
ciary Committee have labored faithfully ; per-
haps not intelligently, but to the best they were
able to make it reach to every possible method
of evasion that may be resorted to.
Now, to swap this bill off for the bill of the
House, which from my cursory perusal of it is
not adequate to the end, as it seems to me,
would be a great mistake—a great mistake for
the ends we all have in view. But you cannot
explain all this in a speech ; but if you could
sit down with any one of a dozen gentlemen in
this Chamber and talk it over quietly and dis-
cuss it,and criticise, it you would see the difficul -
ties and the differences. We have labored faith-
fully and strenuously, and I believe somewhat
successfully, to be so careful in the preparation
of the bill we have reported, and as far as
human foresight could go, to make it so sym-
metrical and self-defending as to be impossible
to get around it. I hope the Senate will not
set tills aside and take up, for the mere expe-
dition of legislation, any other bill; but if any
improvement can be suggested carefully to this
one let us do it; let us perfect this bill and then
substitute it for the House bill, and if there is
any point of disagreement let us settle it.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I am of
opinion that this is the work of the Judiciary
Committee almost exclusively, and I should
prefer that the measure should be referred to
them to be considered again. Nevertheless,
I cannot release my mind from the conviction
that this is the best day's work that has been
done since Joseph Holt made his immortal
speeches in Kentucky, or since Baker spoke
the breath of life into this nation in New York.
I think this day's work will never be undone :
aud I believe, and I believe it in the light of
the experience which I have had, that this
whole country, the mothers who have lost their
sons, the wives who have lost their husbands,
owe the Senator from Connecticut a debt of
gratitude which will be paid hereafter. It will
be paid in patriotism North as well as South.
It will be paid from all sections of the country.
I believe in every word he uttered; and I be-
lieve it from my own experience—not that
I love treason more, but that I love my coun-
try better; not that I love traitors, butbecausel
love humanity; not that I love the interests of
Jefferson Davis and Forrest, but because I love
the rights of mankind better. I am satisfied that
that speech ought to be circulated and spread
before the American people, put into every
hamlet in this land everywhere; not only here,
but it ought to go throughout the world. There
has not been done a better day's work in the
American Senate for the last four years. _ I
believe that every patriot here, every genuine
