1870.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Aid for Arizona—Mr. McConmick.
TIo. ox? Reps.
faction how they took about a hundred of
them out to sea and " threw them to the
fishes !"
This is the way they fought Indians in staid
New England, and though it was a severe way
it seems on the whole to have been the roost
merciful policy, for Mather tells us that this
vigorous procedure gave them " forty years
of profound peace." Sir, the descendants of
those who acted thus assume too much when
they presume to take western men to task for
cruelty to Indians—men who have suffered
and are now suffering tenfold what the early
settlers of New England had at any time to
endure from the aborigines. Nor is it in ad-
vocacy of any such cruel system of warfare
that 1 speak. The spirit of this age would not
sanction it even in the cause of humanity. All
I plead for on behalf of my people is that steps
shall be taken to give them peaceable posses-
sion of the country to the occupancy and set-
tlement of which the Governmeat has invited
them. By the organization of the Territories
Congress extended a free and general invita-
tion to the people of all the States "to go in
and possess the land/' with the implied if not
expressed guarantee of the protection of life,
liberty, and property to every law-abiding cit-
izen. Even before the organization of New
Mexico and Arizona this guarantee was dis
tinetly made to the native Mexican inhabitants,
then, as now, forming the bulk of the popula-
tion.
In a recent debate in the House the gentle-
man from New Mexico [Mr. Ciiaves] caused to
be read the proclamations of General Kearny,
issued to the people of New Mexico upon his
entering that Territory at the head of the Uni-
ted States troops in 1840. The chief of these,
dated at Santa Fe, August 22. has this clause :
" The undersigned has instructions from his (tov-
ernment to respect the religious institutions of New
Mexieo; to protect the properly of tho church; to
cause the worship of those belonging to it to be un-
disturbed, and their religious rights in the amplest
milliner preserved to them; also to protect the per-
sons and property ot all quiet anil peaceable inhab-
itants within its boundaries against their enemies,
the LTtew. the Navnjoes, and others; and when he
assures all that it will be I113 pleasure as well as his
duty to comply with those mstuictions, ho calls upon
them to exeit themselves m preserving order, in
promoting concord and in maintaining the authority
and efficacy ot th'j laws."
Those who remained peaceable and quiet
were to be considered good citizens and to
receive protection. Further, by the ninth arti-
cle of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo (18-18)
it was guarantied, in exact terms, that they
should bo maintained and protected in the free
enjoyment of their liberty and property. Yet
these people, who made no resistance to Kearny,
and u ho have since yielded a ready and cheer-
ful obedience to the laws of the United States,
have bepn constant and great sufferers at the
hands of the Apache. A powerful Govern-
ment has failed to give them the measure of
protection they enjoyed under one from which
little could be expected. Their losses of prop-
erty may be estimated by millions, and ueaily
every household has been called to mourn for
members slaughtered by the dread barbarian.
The roads are lined with crosses, taised, as is
the pious custom, to indicate where the victims
fell or are buried. Good faith to this brave
population of Mexican origin, which controls
much of the business of the Territory and is
identified with every pursuit, demands that
mote s'ringenl and energetic action should be
taken to suppiess the hostilities which para-
hze the enterprise and industry of the Terri-
toiy almost as much at this time as at the day
of its acquisition.
It is also due to the heroic men of American
birth, and others who have taken up their res-
idence in the Territory, and who. despite many
predictions that the contrary would he the case,
have shown a constant respect for law and order
and the Government and its agents, and to a
remarkable degree suppressed, for the gen-
eral good, those bitter partisan issues which
have too often excited and deranged frontier
communities. It is due to the capitalists who,
having confidence in the resources of the Ter-
ritory and wishing to aid the pioneer, have
invested their means in the mines, but cannot
proceed to their development. It is due to the
neighboring and friendly Mexican States of
Sonora and Chihuahua, over which the Apache
runs riot, and if pursued makes good his retreat
to the fastnesses of Arizona. But for the abro-
gation, under article two of the Gadsden treaty,
(1853.) of article eleven of the Guadalupe
Hidalgo treaty, (1S48,) enormous claims must
have arisen against the United Statcsupon this
account. As it is, lam informed that claims
to the amount of several million dollars have
been presented to the joint commission, now
sitting in this city, for depredations committed
between 18-18 and 1853 in those States by
Indians living within tho jurisdiction of the
United States. It is duo to the thousands and
tons of thousands of our people who, attracted
to Arizona by its rare climate and varied re-
sources, wish to make their homes there, but
are deterred by the great risk to which life and
property are exposed. Constantly am 1 writtpn
to by individuals and by companies who would
prefer the Territory to any other were, it sale
to live there.
Too often, when I speak of the state of affairs
in Arizona, I am told that the people must bear
it patiently ; that in many of the States it took
long years to overcome the Indians ; that the
process must be very slow. Sir, we live in a
different age and under entirely different cir-
cumstances, and I protest against such doe-
trine. It is absurd to talk of doing things now
as they were done fifty years ago. The nation
is in a different condition ; then it was youth-
ful and weak, now it is mature and strong:
then it contained but few States, now it has
many; then its resources were few, now they
are unlimited. What would have been a great
undertaking then is insignificant now. There
should not be a moment's hesitation in furnish-
ing all the men and means necessary to give
protection to the Territories, whatever the
cost. This should not bo for a moment con-
sidered when the national debt is melting away
as frost before the noonday sun.
As 1 have staled, no treaties have been made
with the Apache; and the charge so commonly
made upon this floor that the whites are wholly
responsible for the hostility of the Indians,
through ignoring treaty stipulations, cannot be
urged in this instance.
Nor can i t be al leged th at the settlers are occu-
pying his lands in violation of law ; for in New
Mexico, Arizona, and California, before their
acquisition by the United States. Indian tribes
were not recognized as being capable of exer-
cising ownership in the soil; they were treated
as mere nomads. And since the acquisition
the Government has pursued the same policy,
and in a few cases where treaties have been
made, as with the Arapahoes and Navajos, the
Indians were not recognized as owners of the
soil. In a very recent debate in the Senate so
good an authority as the chairman of the Com-
mittee ou Indian Affairs [Mr. Haklax J dis-
tinctly declared this to have been and to be the
settled policy of the Government, and that
there is no Indian title to land in New Mexico
or Arizona to be extinguished.
It has been common to speak of Arizona as
a worthless desert, a hopeless waste which the
Government should not have acquired and does
not need; but whenever and wherever we have
extended our possessions we have encountered
these objections. The acquisition of Califor-
nia brought with it such reproaches. It was
called the end of creation, and it was said no
one would go there. Upon a proposition for
an overland mail in 1S45 or 1810 a prominent;
Senator said :
"What use, Mr. Prcs'dent, have the American
people for the sandy deserts and arid wastes of the
vast interior of the continent, or the rocky coast
of the Pacific, destitute of harbors and unprofitable
to commerce? Nothing wliateverl 1 will not vote
ono red cent from tho Treasury to place the roek-
bound shores ot the Pacitic ono inch nearer tho
Atlantic than it now is."
At a later day it was said in the Senate that
the valley of the Columbia river was useless
to us, costing more every year for its govern-
ment than its entire value. "We are going to
war," it was said, "for the navigation of an
unnavigable river." Without those extensive
placers, which attracted a great population to
California, and with much barren land, it
offers quaitz lode? of gold and silver as prom-
ising as any upon the continent- ; nearly all
the useful minerals abound within its borders,
and its agricultural lands, as I lately told the
House in mv remarks upon the need of sur-
veys, although detached, are in the aggregate
extensive and remarkably fertile, while its
pastoral lands are equal, if not superior, to
any upon tho Pacific slope. It is a country
well worthy of development at any cost. Throw
about its hardy pioneers a proper degree of
protection, shelter them from their savage foe,
survey their lands, increase their mail service,
encourage their industry, and stimulate their
enteiprise. Show them that you appreciate
their exertions, that jou value their sacrifices;
that you recognize their claim to be heard at
the capital; that they have rights which you
are ready to respect, interests you will pro-
mote. and that if you cannot give them "in-
demnity for the past" you will at least give
them " security for the future."
In this connection I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
again put upon record the memorials for relief
sent to Congress by the several Legislative
Assemblies of the Territory, and to call the
attention of the members of the House to their
statements, which will, I believe, be found most
fully to warrant all that I have said at this
time :
Jtr.ltORTAL Of l-'iust legislature.
To the Senate and {louse of Representatives of the United
Spates in Oj'ujrces aiscmbted .-
Your memoiialists, t hp Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Arizona, respectfully represent that the
depredations ot thobostiieApaohes arc now thconly
barrier to a speedy settlement of this Territory. The
working of mines of uncqualod value, the occupancy
of farming and pastoral Jands of excellent quality,
and thodovelopment of all tho resources of tho Ter-
ritory, depend upon thesubjugalion of the barbarous
ibe so long a teiror of the settlor within our borders.
It were in vain to solicit capital or immigration until
the power of tho Apache is broken. Recent campaigns
against him, waged by civil and military expeditions,
have been attended with considerable success ; Init
enough has not been done, and your memorialists
respectfully request the, aid of (iovernmcnt in prose-
cuting a war until the Apache shall betoreed, as the
Uavajo has been, to go upon a reserved ion.
To this end an appiopriation of >^.10,000 is asked at
your hands, it being understood that such poition.
if any, of tho fund as may not be used in arming anil
sustaining companies ot rangeis m the field sh ill ha
applied to thecare of such of tile 1 pilians a-* shall go
upon a reservation, the whole fund to be placed m
the hands ot the commissioners alieadv appointed by
the territorial Legislature to conduct, the wir upon
the Apache, now m progress, and to v.'hich the whole
power of the Terntory h to be anplled.
'the lemotene^ of this Terntoiy. the exp'-n.-e ot
sustaining a.laige military torce here, and the neec.s-
sity of the overthrow ot the Apache lo our e\- i - - as
embolden us to believe mat our reque.i wilt be re-
ceived as proper, and our plan ot ope rat ions as '■ ikeiy
to prove the most successful and econome-al that can
be devised; and your memorialists, as in duty bound,
will ever pray.
Approved November 7, Isnl,
mkmoht u, or sr.eoen ll(;isl ituiie.
To the Senate, tfc.
^ i- *
Your memorialists further request, that for the
subjugation of the hostile .Aim- a:. a large, military
farce sh.on'd bo stationed in the T--n iIory. It is noto-
rious tiiat the presence of this brutal savage is and
has been the only barrier to the speedy settlement
