5408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
the engine, is the reliance of the mariner. At
this moment vessels driven by steam are cleav-
ing the waters of every ocean; and if we fail
to adopt that method of communication we
shall not only remain behind, but fall further
and further in the rear of other nations. If by
any means we can excel in that kind of ocean
conveyance we shall again assume the proud
preeminence we enjoyed when the construc-
tion of clipper-ships was virtually a monopoly
wiih us.
The great point to be gained is to outstrip
others in the rapidity of communications. In
commerce everything depends upon expedi-
tion. Without that it cannot be successful.
The tardy ship will find the market supplied by
more energetic competitors, and ruin to her
owners is sure to follow.
Those who believe that our business upon the
ocean is to be regained by simply multiplying
the number of our vessels, or by adding to our
tonnage, have fallen into a grievous error.
Success depends alone upon the style of the
ships, upon their speed and capacity. If a
bounty is to be paid for the building of new
vessels it should not be awarded indiscrim-
inately to the producers of any sort of ships,
but only to those f/ho bring out vessels of
superior construction. It would be wisdom to
encourage in almost any way the building of
vessels of greater swiftness ; but to foster the
multiplication of ships of the old style would
be simply to encourage the wasting of capital,
which might as well at once be thrown into
the sea.
The day of East India junks, of Spanish
galleons, and French corvettes and English
hulks is long gone by. Voyages that require
years for their accomplishment axe no longer
undertaken. A venture to be profitable must
now be performed in the shortest possible time.
The ship that first brings her cargo to port is
the one that commands freight. There is little
use for slow ships in this fast age. They are
frequently a positive damage to their owners,
and the sagacious merchant avoids them as he
would a pestilence or a dangerous coast.
This great commercial problem is not a diffi-
cult one to solve; it is as simple as that two
and two make four. By rapid communication
a knowledge of the want is ascertained, and by
rapid communication that want is supplied.
The result is profit, wealth, and power.
While competition is in one sense the life of
business, it is death to the business of the un-
successful competitor. Wantgoverns the price
of commodities, and he who first supplies the
want gathers the advantage.
At the breaking out of the rebellion our ton-
nage was almost equal to that of the foremost
commercial nation. It comprised about a third
of the total tonnage of the world. The supe-
rior construction of our vessels gave them a
marked preference among all nations, and the
result was a growth in our commercial marine
such as bad never before been witnessed. In
comparatively a few years, from a low grade
we advanced to the first rank; and had we kept
on with the progress we were then making the
end of the first century of our national exist-
ence would hare found us without a com-
mercial rival, and far beyond any parallel in
history.
But the rebellion brought with it the neces-
sities of war. and the arts were consulted to
find the means of destruction rather than of
thrift. The unparalleled enterprise of our
ship-builders was no longer directed to the
production of swift, but of strong vessels.
White-winged commerce for the time was hid
beneath the clouds of war. Fast-sailingclipper-
ships and ocean steamers gave place to iron-
clads and monitors.
But it is some satisfaction to remember that
we succeeded as well in this now direction of
our energies as we had in the other. Our war
marine as far excelled all before it as had our
merchant marine surpassed that of other coun-
tries. If our clippers were new in commerce,
our monitors were no less novel in war. The
genius of our people was as manifest in the
one case as in the other.
But while our attention was bent upon the
means of destruction our rivals in commerce
were devoting their energies to the advantages
of trade. They were in fact availing them-
selves of the very improvements for commercial
ends that we had abandoned in the pursuit of
war. And when the rebellion was ended we
found ourselves masters of the ocean by the
superior construction of our Navy; but the
carrying trade of the world had fallen into other
hands, whereithas remainedeversince. While
we have been boasting about our Wehawkens
and Dunderbergs our commerce has fled. Our
great success in tho construction of steam war
vessels has afforded us very little remuneration;
and it is becoming painfully evident that the
best of monitors fail to reduce tho national
debt. The largest iron-clad ever built pays 110
taxes; but on thecontrary, it i3 found that such
baubles add materially to the demands for reve-
nue. It is becoming apparent that in times of
peace they are a most unprofitable investment.
Now that the giddy whirl of war is over the
people are demanding ships to carry grain
instead of guns, and bales instead of boxes of
ammunition. They want vessels constructed
for speed and not for strength. They realize
that though the battle may not be to the strong
the race in commerce is always to the swift.
By losing sight of this we have lost our carry-
ing trade, and we are at present paying tribute
to those very nations which before the war
relied upon us and freely poured their wealth
into our Treasury.
Mr. President, wo are coming to a realiza-
tion of the difference in the requirements of
war and of peace. Though strength and secur-
ity are indispensable in the former, in the lat-
ter speed and capacity are of infinitely more
value. The conclusion has been arrived at,
without much thought, that the cure for all our
commercial ills is to be found in the construc-
tion of vessels of iron. This error has arisen
from the fact that Great Britain, not having
other material, has fallen into the very general
use of iion in ship-building. Perhaps, also,
it has been augmented in some degree by the
further fact that during the war we resorted to
the same material to secure greater strength
and durability. It is undeniable that iron ships
possess some advantages over ships built of
wood. They are more durable and possess a
little more capacity for freight; but to say that
the mere material out of which a vessel is con-
structed confers upon her in all cases any con-
siderable superiority is a mistake as great as it
is common. First-class ships can be built of
either wood or iron, and inferior ones are as
likely to be built of the one material as the
other. The advantage will be found rather in
the style than in the material.
The first great use of ocean steam lines is to
convey intelligence with rapidity and certainty;
for that reason they are called mail lines, though
used also for the transportation of passengers
and freight. The increase of commerce by
means of them directly is less to be expected
than the inctease produced by their stimulat-
ing trade, and rendering necessary the employ-
ment of other vessels. By communicating
information as to the exact condition of the
markets very little risk is run, goods are fur-
nished cheaper and more abundantly, wants
are better supplied, and the sum of human
happiness correspondingly increased.
While intercourse between countries favored
by such lines is always greatly augmented out-
side of their immediate agency, a large amount
of business is usually transacted by them. They
attract commerce, and their returns through
the custom-house usually go far toward reim-
bursing the Government for any outlay incurred
in their maintenance. But foreign mails as well
as commerce are always greatly enlarged by the
success of these ocean lines. The trade begets
mail carriage, and vise versa, tfueh mails may
be liglitatfirst, but if the countries thus brought
together are susceptible of commercial ad-
vancement the mails will be sure to assume
importance.
It is not a sound argument, however, against
subsidizing these lines that the returns in post-
age are inadequate to meet the Government
expenditure upon them. The return for mai-1
service, though often large, is usually among the
smalleradvantages tiowingfroin their establish-
ment. The great gain istlnough the channels
of commerce rather than through tile Post Office
Department. And their convenience inures
as well to the benefit of the traveling public as
to mercantile correspondents. But the same
argument is equally forcible against many ot
our domestic mail lines, whether by water or
by land; whether by railroad, by stage, or by
steamboat. The service peiformed is often
wholly inadequate to meet the expenses in-
curred. Particularly is this the case, and always
the case on new lines. If the Post Office De-
partment were to wait in every instance till
the business on a particular route was sufficient
to defray the expense of mail carriage over it
our post office system would be unworthy the
name and a disgrace to the country. But that
principle, when indiscriminately applied to
ocean mail service, is equally short-sighted, as
is shown by the successful practice of the two
great European nations, England and France,
which send forth these powerful messengers of
commerce into every sea, and gather to them-
selves in abundance the wealth of less sagacious
conntries.
We have long been practicing a liberal policy
in our internal communications. The pioneer's
cabin is often a United States post office, and
the mail-carrier penetrates the remotest wil-
derness. Railroads are pushed in advance of
settlements. The locomotive is sometimes the
avant courier of civilization, and the result
has invariably justified the practice. liich
States have taken the place of desert wastes,
and where but lately stood the hunter's cabin
is now the populous city. Thus the whole
country has been strengthened, and the policy
that has developed wealth and prosperity at
home would produce similar results, but, on a
grander scale, if extended to foreign countries.
By facilitating communication with them, busi-
ness is attracted, wealth augmented, and hap-
piness promoted.
In addition to great gains vast savings are
effected by the maintenance of ocean mail ser-
vice—savings of expenditures for the Navy,
since such vessels are easily convertible into
ships of war and into transports for warlike
uses. The steamers of the Peninsular and
Oriental line of England conveyed eighty thou-
sand men and twelve thousaud horses to the
Crimea. They thus performed a service for
the British Government that otherwise would
liave entailed an untold expense, if indeed it
could have been accomplished at all without
tliem. In fact there are many questions to be
taken into consideration in connection with
ocean steamship service, entirely distinct from
the question of profit and loss arising out of
the accounts of the Post Office Department.
The greater the intercourse between nations
the less likelihood is there of a rupture in their
friendly relations. Mutuality ofinterests,spring-
ing out of trade and barter, renders them more
dependent upon each other and less likely to
seek the destruction of each other. A remark-
able example ot this is observable in the pres-
ent condition of those ancient and hereditary
enemies, England and France. By an almost
total abolition of restraints upon trade between
them they have been on different occasions and
for various purposes allies and friends. Free-
dom of intercourse and the accumulation of
wealth, in both have converted their animosity
into kindness, their long-continued hostility into
a lasting peace. Every steamship line is an-
other guarantee of friendly relations, not only
between tlie countries thus immediately con-
I nected, but with all the world, and every appro-
