4464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
have any more. Is the Secretary of the Senate
to pay my postage or your postage ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The postage on public docu-
ments.
Mr. NYE. Where are they going?
Mr. RAMSEY. To the Senator's State,
some of them..
Mr. NYE. Does the honorable Senator
mean to tell me that he is going to provide for
paying in cash for the documents that he and
f send?
Mr. RAMSEY. To furnish postage-stamps.
Mr. NYE. I repudiate all that idea entirely.
There is no proposition in the bill for the Gov-
ernment to pay my postage, or for the Sec-
retary of the Senate to frank my documents
or to pay my postage. There is no provision
of that kind, and I hope Congress will see to
it that there is no such provision incorporated
into this bill. This bill goes upon the ground
that Congress has been guilty of wrong; but I
am not to be told that the Secretary of the
Senate is to pay my postage, and I go to him
and ask, "Please, sir, will you give me a post-
age-stamp?" [Laughter.] It is a big business
for the Senator from Minnesota to approach
the Secretary of the Senate with hat in hand
and say, " Sir, I want to send a document
home; may I have a stamp?" [Laughter.]
Has the American Senate come to this? Has
the dignity of the Senate come to this, that
they cannot be trusted to pay their own post-
age, and must ask their Secretary, their Clerk,
for a postage-stamp to send a document, to
Nevada or Minnesota? No, sir; I would let
the documents rot with the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Senate before I would do it.
Now, sir, draw the picture. There arc two
hundred and forty-odd members of Congress
at the other end of this Capitol. They must
form themselves in a row in the morning, and
here they have their Sergeant-at-Arms or their
Clerk at the desk, and the members of Congress
inarch before him ill review. The first one
says, "I want one stamp." The next one that
comes wants two stamps ; the next one three;
and the Sergeant-at-Arms or the Clerk has got
to keep a record and charge me in a book with
a three-cent stamp and the honorable Senator
from Minnesota with two stamps. Sir, when
will that business be through with ? I could
carry my letter to its destination on foot
quicker than you could go through that pro-
cess. [Laughter.]
The argument is that members of Congress
are dishonest and their Secretaries are honest.
That is the argument. We can trust the Secre-
tary, but cannot trust the honorable Senator
from Minnesota!
Sir, in his behalf I protest against such an
outrage, because everybody knows that he is
honest, and as honest as the Secretary of this
Senate; and that is saying enough. I am not
going by the direction of the Postmaster Gen-
eral to tho Secretary of the Senate and beg of
him for a postage-stamp. Suppose I want to
use one in the night and he is asleep ; I have
got to go and call him up [laughter] and ask
him not only if I may send a letter, but if he
will be kind enough to give me a stamp to send
it with. [Laughter.] Was there ever anything
so mortifying proposed?
Mr. RAMSEY. Does not the Senator get
the paper he writes his letters on from the Sec-
retary of the Senate?
Mr. NYE. No, sir; I do not. Do you? He
brings it to me. I go after no paper; and one
thing I complain of now is that you cannot in
a committee-room get a box of matches or a
sheet of paper without sending the order and
a seal on it. Why ? Because Congress is
dishonest! And now we are to have another
pigeon-hole here, a stamp-getting and a stamp-
peddling machine, where we have got to send
an order for a postage-stamp.
Sir, it is belittling the American Congress.
It is trifling with the dignity and the rights of
Senators and Representatives of the people,
It is trifling with the people's interests and the
people's rights ; and all that is wanted to draw
down upon it an indignation that will ingulf
the scheme is that it shall be understood.
Yes, sir: a Senator has to ask, " Give me a
stamp." "Who do you want to write to?"
Perhaps I do not want to tell him. " Where
is it to go?" "That is none of your busi-
ness." "What does your package weigh?"
"I do not know." "Bring it to me," says the
Sei'geant-at^ArmsortheSecretary, "and I will
weigh it, and then I will see that the postage
is paid." Honest Sergeant-at-Arms! Honest
Secretary! But dishonest Senator!
I wonder if the Senator from Minnesota
has taken the whole scope of this measure
into his consideration. Ten thousand dollars
a year are to be voted to the Secretary for this
purpose; not a cent to a Senator. Twenty
thousand dollars to the Sergeant-at-Arms in
the House; not a cent to a Representative of
the people. One hundred thousand dollars to
the Post, OGice Department; and who is to
give the head of that Department, the master
of this great reform, stamps? He helps him-
self. Sir, it would make traveling enough to
cross the plains on foot, every day by the dif-
ferent members of this body and die other j
branch of Congress ; yes, enough to cross this
continent, to say, " Please give mo a stamp ; I
want to send a letter to the land office in Min-
nesota. " "How many stamps do you want?"
" I do not know." '' Bring your package here,
and I will see to it." I iancy I can see the
honorable Senator from Minnesota with his
emaciated form [laughter] bearing packages up
to the Sergeant-at-Arms and saying, "Please,
sir, give me a stamp." That is in accordance
with the great public sentiment of the d;iy,
says the honorable Senator, the great over-
whelming sentiment that comes from every
quarter of the rushing winds on franked peti-
tions sent out stereotyped, never read, and
signed by order !
Sir, this thing is too ridiculous to talk about;
and when it is dignified by the name of reform
it brings reproach upon that. word. Senators
may say, as my honorable friend from Mich-
igan said, that he bowed before this public
sentiment. Sir, I do not. I hurl back to tho
papers that make this suggestion, or to the
Department that makes it, the insinuation that
a Senator upon this floor has fraudulently used
his privilege of franking. It is not true, come
from what source it may. No wave or wind
of public opinion will make me assent to such
an insinuation. Tell me not that the honor-
able Senator from Minnesota, the father of this
bill, which is to be known in all future ages as
the greatest reform that this country has ever
experienced or ever will experience, is to ask
the Sergeant-at-Arms for a stamp when he
wants to send a letter ; and tell mo not that
that honorable Senator has ever been guilty
of abusing his franking privilege. I assert
that whoever says that says what is not true.
I am amazed that he should, upon this wave
of popular opinion, as he calls it. acknowledge
any such thing. It may do for him to do so,
but it will not for me. If the franking priv-
ilege is abused,.correct that abuse.
But, sir, I deny that it is my duty to put my
hand in my pocket and pay for sending intel-
ligence to my constituents that should go every-
where free, that is freighted with the dearest
rightsand privileges of the citizen. I deny that
on the score of economy I am to be borne down
by taxes to convey that intelligence which the
Govcrnmentfor three quarters of a century has
conveyed free of charge ; and yet its postal sys-
tem has grown up undent like the gourd in the
night. Sir, I pay for it by sittiug here ten or
twelve hours a day. We pay for it in our com-
mittee-rooms, where we toil from early morning
till night. We pay for it in this Senate by at-
tention to business. We earn the right to seud
threepence worth of light to a hungry constit-
uent who wants to know what we have done.
Then the project is that wc must ask the Ser-
geant-at-Arms if we ®ay write. Nonsease. I
give back this calculation to the honorable
Senator as unworthy of consideration for a
moment. Such a showing is not worth a pica-
yune. Sir, the man is crazy who talks of pay-
ing the postage of that Post Office Department,
or the Interior Department, with $100,000 a
year. It is not based upon fact.-; and yet such
calculations form a part of the scheme of this
'' great reform.'' Why, sir, I have seen enough
matter going from that Department in a single
day to make the tenth of this whole sum.
Now, who is to make money out of it?
Nobody on the face of the earth. My honor-
able friend from Minnesota will remember
what I tell him to-night, that at the next let-
ting of the mails they will not be let one dollar
cheaper than they are now. The obligation of
the carrier now is to carry whatever is brought.
Whether it is one pound, one hundred, or one
thousand pounds, his obligation is the same;
and in that way the Government loses nothing,
the contractor loses nothing; but the mass of
mankind gain much.
We have often heard the saying about "rob-
bing Peter to pay Paul." Here is a Depart-
ment of the Government. The logic of the
Postmaster General is., "It will cost me
$100,000 a year to pay the postage of my
Department: now it does not cost me a cent.
How am I to make that up?'' The Govern-
ment is to rob Peter to pay Paul, and Paul
has no indebtedness. I must take the money
from my right-hand pocket and put it into mv
left-hand pocket, in order to make this great
reform. Iti other words, I must, go up to the
Treasury Department and draw $100,000, and
pay it to the Post Office Department for this
postage.
Sir, where is the logic of that? Where is
the reform ? Is the Postmaster General aware
that he is sending documents that he ought
not, to send? Then let him reform himself.
Does he know that anybody else is doing it?
'Then bring him to the bar of justice. Does
he know that any of his subordinates are doing
it ? Then dismiss them from the Department.
Throw all the guards around this privilege that
you can: but, sir, the privilege is as old as
the country itself. It has grown up and is
now incorporated into the very air we breathe.
My honorable friend from Minnesota, with one
little short bill—and he gets exceedingly anx-
ious when he finds that anybody is opposed to
it—severs the arterial circulation of knowl-
edge that has become important to the living
intelligence of this country.
I wish Senators would think of this matter
a little. I am not willing to gratify the House
in regard to it. I should always be willing to
gratify them in any proper wish properly ex-
pressed. The honorable Senator from Min-
nesota says that the House have magnani-
mously agreed to surrender this privilege. Sir,
they surrendered it under the whip and spur,
under the gag and the goad. Not one word
was said there on either side. The pre%'ious
question was moved, and it was pushed
through like a potato down an unwilling ani-
mal's throat. That is legislation with a ven-
geance ! Oh, what submission that was to this
great wave of public sentiment! The honor-
able Senator says that he honors the H&use
because they bowed at once to the mandate of
the people. Sir, it is proper for me to state
that scores of them have been to me andwanted
1 me to resist, it. They could not discuss the
j measure there. They have to come here to
i lind an audience to discuss with.
i Sir, no great reform has ever been carried
! through Congress, to my knowledge, under the
| gag. The man who proposes to carry through
^ a true reform, and who is going to receive a
; crown of glory for it, always stands out giant-
l like in his full proportions and carries it on a
!: full discussion of the subject. He invites ia-
!j vestigation; he invites discussion. Bat this
jl great reform is to go as the weasel goes to the
:j coop. Not a word is said by its iriendsf and
I! if anybody else speaks they run. What a
