618
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Heirs of Jethro Wood—Mr. Myers.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
and development of the country. The present mili-
tary relations of the Territory to the department of
the Pacific havcbeen productive of good results; the
efficient steps of the department and district com-
manders are highly appreciated by our people, and
nave been damaging to our barbarous enemy. Bat
the Temtory is so large, the settlements are at such
remote distances, the Apache is so alert and persist-
ent, and bis country so rugged and difficult of access
and travel, that for a continuous and crushmg cam-
paign, (and any othor were a comparatively useless
expense,) it is necessary that at least thin y full com-
panies ox infantry and four of cavalry be provided
and actively engaged.
Your memorialists further prav that the companies
of volunteers recruited in the Territory durhv the
present year, under authority of the War Depart-
meJltS Tm Pavtjeu'arly those composed of the Pima
and Maricopa Indians—who are familiar with liie
homes and haunts ot the Apacho, and arc e«gcr to
punish him for accumulated wrong*?—may bo con-
tinued m the service tor tho term ot two years? ironi
the time of iheir mustering in.
In conclusion, your memorialist* would state that
the dlseoveries of mineral, agricultural, and pastoral
wealth m the newly explored districts, combined
with thoso^ heretoiore mado in tho southern and
Colorado river rogions, abundantly prove thnt no
country upon the Pacific coast h?m riuhei resources,
or is more worthy of tho fostering and. generous care
ot tho Government, than tho Twritory of Arizona.
Approved Dooember 30,1S65.
Memorial op fourth legislature.
Tothe Senatefind House of Representatives of the United
States i7i Congress assembled:
and loyal to tho Government of tho United Stares •
and that they have immigrated to the Territory in
good iaith, ior tho purpose of making the same their
home. Believing tho Territory to bo rich in agricul-
tural and mineral resources they desire to live hern
but owing to ihe hostility of the Indians that, infest
tho whole J erntory fear they will bo compelled to
abandon their improvements and leave tho Terri-
tory. Already injinylutvo boon forced tolcavo their
farms and miningopera tions and seek seeurii y vv u li i n
t.ho various towns and military camps lhrou"ii ul
tho lerritopy. Thodaumgo to our i'<*nple i^ iV-i iful •
almost every day tho sad tiditigj of the d««nih of
some ot our citizens reach us killed by tho hiding
boarocly urotid or foot-path in the Territory isn.itu
lor travel; not even in the vill itres or noar the mili-
tary camps are wo secure. "\Vithin the past tow
months our foes havo beeomo terribly in earner
nnd soem determined to diivo us from tholVriitoiV
Withm a short time they have killed m,my of our
ben citizens, ami citizens of other States and Terri-
tories, who vvero here for tho piuposo ot exuminui"
onr mines. Our lo.^os in properly are toiriblo!
Within the past lew months hundreds of thousand*
ot dollars' worth of live stock have been stoh-n by
the Indian, thereby stopping tho fanneisaed miner \
irom pursuing their avocations, and woare powevle^
to resist or help ourselves.
Tho United States tioops within tho Territory are
tew, ami, however willing, are iotailv ni^uthcient to
protect or aid us; we are striving io'hold the coun-
try, but fuel (hut. unless we h i.ve speedy a.vMsfujce
will bo compelled to abandon the pio,.env we Mil!
have and leave the Tcmtoiy ; and in our de^p.-nfe
arid stmitoned circumstances, we, as hn'al eui/eim
of tho United States, call upon Cou-ron i,o assisi'us
wo 'ire, as a people, unable to r.n.so and M:nmu-r
troops.
t Wo thercforo prny your honorable body to author-
ize by act oi Congress tho Governor of this Toi rit ory
to raise m tins Territory one regiment, ol volunteer
cavalry, to bo usedin tlieservice of tho United Slates
and within theTeriitory foi the term ot three years
or until tho Indians aro subdued or peace obtained'
Xour memorialists believe that a rrgteieiit of Ari/ono
troops would be more efficient than any other
ot troops that Cjin bo employed i u t he sci vioo. Tiieii
acquiiHitanoo with tho country, wiili I ho haunts nnil
rA®" .'■? ® Indians, their earne<t do.Mro !o rid tho
Jorntory of tho common foe, alike commend them
for thoseryice in which they uro tmicimM to en;;nSi-
vVo would, therefore, most rcspceifully that,
should ,i resum-nt b • raised its otlicciv bo selected
enuiely from tho citizen-' « t the Toiviion-.
Approved, October 2,1S(>7.
MEMOItfAb 0>' Firiif LLC.IhLA 11 HL.
Tothe honorable Hmeiarynf W.troflh.; C'niled S'alc, :
but: Jour memorialists-', the Loijislahro Adorably
ot the ierntory ot Arizona, rcspeottully represent:
i rn •? :tre in.a y occasions when thocitizen^ of
tiie Ierntory might. and would eoopcratc with tho
mi nary iorcc m their movement* oi in.,ueinvte
independent ca-npanens against the hostile Indians '
w ore iht'y properly suppled with :u- and juumuni- i
tion, which unfortunately they cannot be bv the Ter- 1
ritory at this time. " :
.In view of t he limited number of {roopsin the T.-r- '
ntory nnd the w. r:ii;o disposition not only of the '
ever impliicaolo 4]>nche. butol the tribes long peace-
able, the necessity of bnnuus: every agency to bear
m the protection of life and property was never more
pressing, nnd your memorialists respectfully request
that, if not inconsistent with the regulations of the
.Department, authority be given to the commanding
omcers of tae various military posts to furnish arms
and ammunition to citizens known to them whenever
it is believed by said commanding officer that such
Citizens can and will render effective service against
hostile Indians, tho arms to be receipted for by the
parties to whom they aro loaned, and to beproraptly
returned upon thecomplction ofthesei vice for which
they are given.
Your memorialists also respectfully request that it
be made discretionary with the commanding officers
of tho posts to issue rations to citizens when engaged
in movements against tho hostile Indians, in cases
when the cooperation of said citizens is desirable
and they have no other means ot procuring subsist-
ence while iu the field.
And i our liiemoiialists, as in duty bound, will over
pray.
Approved, December 10,386S.
C(^OURKT:NT RESOLUTION- OF FIFTH legislature.
m/Ji' ^ ''('Solved hi/the council, (the house concurring,)
i hat our present Delesato in Congress and our Del-
egate-elect aro hereby requested to make every exer-
tion to attract tho favorablo attention of Congress to
the several memorials adopted by previous legisla-
tures of this Territory, and not yet acted upon; and
especially to .secmo early consideration of the me-
morialsjisking that authority bo sriven to tho Gov-
ernor ot tho Territory to raise native troops, which
are greatly needed in view of the active and form-
idable hostility of the Apachos.
iJcirs of Jethro Wood.
HEM AUKS OF HON. LEONARD MYERS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
K TUB HOUSE OP JiEt'nE.SL'XTATIVEr!,
Juh/ 1S70,
On the bill (If. It. Xo. 2300) for tho relief of khoheirs
of-J ethro W ood, thcinventor oftho modern plow,
_ Mr. MVE11S. Mr. Speaker, o,s the suspon-
sion of the utles necessary to take this bill
IVom the Committee of the Whole anil put it
on its passage, precluded debate, I desire now
to plaee on record my views favoring the
measure which has just passed the House by
the deeiiled vote of two thirds.
Mr Wood was a citizen of New York, but,
his fame belongs to the American people. Eli
Whitney's cotton gin did not bring such ptne-
tical benefits to the whole country as did
Jelhro Wood's modern plow. The useful re-
sults of his genius may properly be placed in
the scale with those produced by Kobeit, Ful-
ton. Like Full on and like Whitney, Jethro
Wood died unrewarded. Ho spent n hand
some fortune! in introducing his invention,
which every :ii;riculiurist now finds indispens
able, ami he has lelt a large family unpro-
vided for. We propose to do what Congress
did in 18-1G for the heirs of Fulton—to pass a
bill for iho partial relief of his family, while
we teci)gni/,o,*ns Representatives, that, the
people are grateful for benefits conferred.
But there is another reason why a bill of
this kind is peculiarly appropriate. * The Con-
stitution contemplates a rewaul to inventors
by grants of the exclusive right to their inven-
tions; yet tho acts passed by Congress weie
at first so defective that when publicity was
almost requisite in order to introduce an in-
vention like Wood's he lost by that publicity
ihe very advantages which the Constitution in-
tended to give him. Tt was not until i8u!J that
Congress gave an inventor two years before
application for a patent to test his invention
without forfeiting his right thereto; and not,
untii 18-12 did the law give the right to patent
I'ne principal feature of an invention like that
of ood, natnely, the shape or configuration
of the mold board. The people felt that injus-
tice htul been done to Jethro Wood in these
respects. In the Senate of three Congresses
bills passed for the relief of his children. One
of these gave a royally of twenty-five cents for
each plow made under his patent. Small as
this cost would have been to tho fanners, it
would have paid the heirs handsomely, for we
havo two million cultivators of the soil—there
are five hundred plow manufacturers in the
country, and they make over two hundred
thousand plows annually, which would have
given $50,000 a year to this deserving family
When we remember that this invention re-
duced the cost from thirty or tiventy-five dol-
lars to ten dollars a plow; when we think of
the expense necessary and the great loss of
time for repairs to the old wooden or " Bull''
plow, or the Kotherham plow formerly used,
with its badly-formed mold-board and its un-
detachable wrought-iron share, compared to
tli6 cast-iron sdjust&ble and well-shaped parts
of that of Jethro Wood, it might, seem that
every farmer in the land would have been glad
to pay for its important results the sum of
twenty five cents per plow. But while approv-
ing of an appropriation of money, they insisted
ihat the patent had expired, aud the House of
iiepreseniatives several times refused to pass
the Senate bills for Us extension. The feeling,
however, that, justice in some way should be
done these heirs has on many occasions found
expression in the public prints, through legis-
lative and other bodies, and particularly among
the agriculturists of the country. I have before
me the petition of the executive committee of
the Agricultural Society of New York, asking
Congress to grant these heirs a remuneration
because ot Jethro Wood's eminent services in
t!ie cuuse ol agriculture. Here, also, is the
petition of the New York Legislature of some
years Jigo making a like request.
Oar own agricultural report of 18GG states
that—
"Although Mr. "\Vood was one of thogreateft ben-
efactors ol mankind by his admirable invention, ho
never received for all his thought, anxiety, pciplex-
lty and expense a sura of money sufficient to defray
tiic expenses of a decent burial."
An article m the American Artisan of 1808
says :
"There seems to be a sad parallel between thestory
oi bauiuel Urompfon, Jiving a life of poverty while
his improvements in ypmnine: machinery whirr- d in
all the cotton factories of England, and the bitter
trials of Jethro Wood, while sill the broad field* oi
his nativo land owned the benefits of his genius."
Mr. Brainmi, examiner of agricultural im-
plemonrs in the Parent Office, in a letter dated
April 13, 1870, writes:
"Jethro Wood's plow I believe to be tho 1:im in
winch the parts most liable to weareouid be r< pl; «'«-,j
in the held, with no othor expeuye than the piuv ot
tho C.iMiiitf. In this pal titular alone t lie invention
is priceless. IJis lorm of moid-bo,ird is another
featuie of prcar impu) tance, a jtMture that h.is iu
one tor in or another been incorporated in to nuiuoei s
oi the more modern improvements in plow-;. In
Miort, I can s.iy that there is scarcely a plow now
mtimuaoiured that, docs not embrace in its structure
(lie leading feaiures brought to the notice of the pub-
r f)y H\r t)!Vy^ and persistent efforts and skill of
Jethro Wood.
I should tire by attempting to quote the
ninny requests that, have been submitted to the
Committee on Patents t,hat,justice shall he done
the family of this meritorious inventor, and
will conclude thet-e references with what. Linn.
William II. Seward expresses ill a letter 0:1 the
subject:
" I am fully satisfied tbat no citizen of tho United
States has conferred greater economical benefits 011
his country than Jethro Wood ; none of her bene-
luctors havo been more inadequately reivarJed ; none
has lot ft purer or better or more helpless family 10
appeal to her justice and gratitude."
I am happy to say they have not appealed
in vain. Other countries have frequently re-
warded those whose genius added to the fame
and wealth of the people. The occasions !'i:r
our doing such justice by special enactment
are and must ever be rare ; for under our lib-
eral laws the utmost protection is now afforded.
'J he nation rejoices that, thus aided, men
like Morse, Iloe, Goodyear, Howe, and hosts
of others, pioneers in science and arr, have
won substantial rewards as well as honor.
Contemplating with regret that the defects of
our earlier patent system prevented a few illus-
