THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Republican -who has given any assistance what-
ever to establishing the rights of inankiud
throughout this Republic, will actord that
honor to the Senator this morning.
Mr. REVELS. Mr. President, I did hot
intend to take any part in this discission. It
was not my desire to do so. I do not rise now
for the purpose of doing so, but merely to
explain my position and that of the State which
I in part represent, in regard to the question
of general amnesty. I have been referred to
by quite a number of honorable Senatoifs who
have already addressed the Senate on this sub-
ject, and at last I have been called upon by
one to define my position and that of my
State.
First allow me to spealc of myowri position,
and then I Will speak of that of the Republican <
party in the State that I represent.
I am in favor of removing the disabilities of
those upon whom they are imposed in the
South just as fast as they give evidence of
having become loyal and of heing loyal. If
you can find one man in the South who gives
evidence that he is a loyal man, and givefe that
evidence in the fact that he has ceased to de-
nounce the latfs of Congress as unconstitu-
tional, has ceased to oppose them, and respects •'
thera and favors the carrying of them out, lam
in favor of removing his disabilities; and if
you can find one hundred'men that the satne
is true of I am in favor of removing their dis-
abilities. If you can find a whole State that
that is true of I am iti favor of removing the
disabilities of all its people.
Now, my position is fully understood. Oftfeh
I receive petitions from citizens of my State
asking Congress to remove theit disabilities;
and how much I regret that it is not in our
power to take that class of persons and put
them by themselves and remove the disabilities :
of all of them at once. I would be glad to see -
this done, but we can only do it by the proeeSs j
:nlopted by Congress. !
In regard to the State of Mississippi I have j
this t,:> say: the Republican party, now domi- ;
nant there, pledged itself to universal amnesty.
That was in their platfonfa; the speakers
pledged themselves to it; and the Legislature
redeemed that pledge by unanimously adopt-
ing a resolution asking Congress to remove the
political disabilities of all the citizens of Mis-
sissippi, which resolution they placed in my !
hands, and made it ray duty to present here,
and which I have presented.
Now, I can say more, I believe, for the State
of Mississippi than I can say for any of the other
lately insurrectionary States. I do not know
of one State that is altogether as well recon-
structed as Mississippi is. We have reports
from a great many other States of lawlessness
and of violence, and from parts of States we
have well-authenticated reports to this effect;
but while this is the case, do you hear one
report of any more lawlessness or violence
in the State of Mississippi? No; the people
now I believe are getting along as quietly,
pleasantly, harmoniously, atid prosperously as
the people are in any of the formerly, free
States. I think this is the case. I do not
think my statement exaggerates anything at
all. Now, pir, I hope that I am understood.
I am in favor of amnesty in Mississippi. We j
pledged ourselves to it. The State is fit, for it. i j
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, the Senator j
from Tennessee [Mr. FoWLEtt] expressed a
wish that the speech made by the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] should be Spread all
over this land, in every town and in every ham-
let. I say so, too; and I also wish that the
speech of the Senator from Mississi ppi, [Mr.
.Revels,] just made in this Chamber, may
accompany the speech of the Senator from Con-
necticut. He, in a Ave minutes' speech, has
presented the whole doctrine of the question
of the removal of disabilities. So fast as men
show themselves worthy of it he would remove
their disabilities. So say I, but no faster, and
not until they bAve shown a disposition to have
them removed. I say let the speech of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut be spread abroad through
this land; but let the speech of the honorable
Senator from Mississippi go hand in hand with
it. I am then willing to leave the question to
, the people to judge.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I gave
notice this morning that when the House bill
reached the Senate I should move to substi-
tute it fbt* the pendihg bill; and I wish to say
( now that when Senators have had an opportun-
j ity to examifte tfie two bills I shall make that
1 riiotion. I shall do it for two reasons; first,
, to expedite business and secure the passage
of some bill. I feel qnite confident that if the
Senate proceeds with, the bill now-pending,
and passes it and sends it to the Souse, it will
1 excite controversy there which will eventuate
in the defeat of any legislation at this session.
; Manifestly, this bill that has been reported by
the Judiciary Committee, and which was so
carefully examined and deliberately consid-
ered, is a bill that cannot pass the Senate with-
out very many criticisms, and without pro-
tracted discussion, fol* it seems tb me that the
provisions of this bill, notwithstanding the care
that .has been, bestowed upon them—and I
•' have great confidence in the judgment of the
Senator from Vermont—are open to many
very serious objections.
It is possible that by its terms all protection
to the ballot-box has been thrown down and
all guards of its safety and purity have been
abolished. The House bill, without under-
taking to discuss it, is a bill that is practical,
plain, coriCise, and applies to existing tnis-
chiefs. It will reach all existing mischiefs, I
apprehend; and if upon experience it be found
i that it is defective, if new devices for the pur-
| pose of evading the fifteenth amendment should
I be employed, then that bill can be amended ;
I but it is necessary now that there should be
| some legislation ujlon the subject to enforce
i the fifteenth amendment. Courts with Dem-
ocratic proclivities are deciding in some of the
8tates of this Union that the fifteenth amend-
ment ts not in force fbt the reason that it con-
templates legislation, and before legislation by
Congress it does not take effect, and therefore
colored riien are excluded from the exercise
of the right to vote.
On that account, {is well as many others, it
is absolutely necessary that there should be
some legislatibn oh this Subject without any
Considerable delay; and I think that is an
Object not to be overlooked. It is manifest
that if the House bill is taken up and consid-
ered, if it should be amended it will go back
to the House, and the simple question then
will be whether or not *.he House will concur
5n the amendments. But if we proceed with
the Sehate bill it must be Subjected to discus-
sion, section after section, and after it has
passed it goes to the House, and then is re-
ferred to Some Committee, and it must be con-
sidered in committee, and no doubt will be
amended in the Hbusfe, and then comes back
to the Senate; and with the shortness of time
and the necessity for haste, itseeftis to me that
our true polidy is to take the House bill, and
if it is necessary to amend it, do so; but make
that the basis of our action. To-morrow morn- ;
ing I shall propose that.
: Mr. DRAKIC. Mr. President, I presume
£hat I but express the sentiment of many, when
I say that the debate to-day has been one of
an extraordinary character. I do not propose I
to prolong it much. What I have to say can
be said in a ffeW minutes. I
I wish t6 recur to one or two historical facts.
The fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States was proposed j
by a resolution adopted on the 16th of June, i
1866; the proclamation of its ratification oc-
curred on the 28th of July, 1868, more than
two years after its proposition. The third sec-
tion of that amendment disqualifies mfen for ■
office simply ; takes away from them no polit- !
ical franchise, but simply denies them the right !
to hold office where, in order to hold office
they had taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and afterward
engaged in rebellion.
_ Now, sir, we find the Senate engaged at this
time, before that provision has been in force
two years, in discussing whether it shall not be
swept away entirely. There are Senators here,
not, as we should expect, over among the Dem -
oerats, but among the Republicans, who are
not willing to let this exclusion from office
stand as long as it took this country to estab-
lish it. Mr. President, it strikes me that that
discloses a very extraordinary condition of
things. Sir, this mountain labored for two
years one month and twelve days to bring
t forth a ridiculous little mouse that these Re-
publican Senators do not want to have live as
long after its birth as it took to bring it forth.
Mr. SAWYE"R. Will the Senator allow
me one question? I do not wish to interrupt
him.
Mr. DRAKE. Put the question, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I was going to ask the Sen-
ator if we do not nullify that amendment every
time we pass a disabilities bill; and if the ob-
ject of that amendment is entirely in this third
clause, if there are not great national interests
of vastly more importance than those affected
by this clause ?
Mr. DRAKE. We do every day dispense
with the operation of the third section of that
amendment in favor of named individuals who
have sent their petitions here to us asking us to
relieve them; but the Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Sawyer] and the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] would to-day sweep
away the whole thing as to every rebel in the
whole southern States, if I correctly under-
stand their position, whether the rebels ask it or
not. Jeff. Davis coming herewith a petition to
be relieved from political disabilities would be
one thing. Jeff. Davis included in a general
amnesty would be another thing.
Sir, it is a most extraordinary sight—has the
world ever seen one more so ?—thatmen should .
tush in the way that these Republican Senators
propose to do, to confer the right to hold office
upon the men who waged war to destroy their
Government and country, and upon whom they
by their own votes had imposed this disability
to hold office ? They do not wait to be asked,
do not wait for a word of complaint, do not
wait for any instigation whatever.
Sir, it is two years at least, or nearly so, I
!' think, since the honorable Senator from Con-
J necticut announced his position on this subject
on the floor of the Senate. We had hardly
secured the ratification of this constitutional
! amendment before he began to express him-
self in opposition to these political disabilities;
and now he comes out with full strength and a
fall heart to proclaim before the country the
| doctrine that we ought for the public good to
1 put away these political disabilities entirely,
and admit every traitor in the land to the right
to hold office.
Mr. President, I have no such words to
address to that Senator as he has seen fit this
morning to repel when spoken by others. I
am not his judge. But I will reiterate what the
Senator from Pennsylvania said a little whii«
ago. The Senator from Connecticut has a very
feeling and sympathizing and soft heart on this
Subject. By possibility the softness may have
gondhighdr. [Laughter.] That Senator comes
froiA Connecticut. What did they know there
J during the war of rebels or the rebel spirit?
; They sent their soldiers, they gave their
! money, they gave their efforts to put down the
rebellion; but what did they know, what did
; that Senator know on the field of battle, of tho
spirit of rebelism which animated these south-
ern people ? Sir, no man in this country ever
did know them except those who lived in daily
contact with them. I despair of ever beinj^
able to convey to the minds of Senators who
never were in personal contact with rebels n>
the outbreak and during the progress of the
