10S2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
That is the only answer. Four hundred mil-
lion dollars at the higher rate will be Sufficient;
and the total $1,200,000,000 will be probably
all that will be necessary to fund the six per
cents.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that we
have reduced the time for the payment of these
bonds from forty to twenty years. I do not
regard that as very material. If we reserve the
right to redeem after ten years, I do not deem it
important whether the absolute payment of the
debt shall be fixed at twenty or forty or one
hundred years. The right to redeem after ten
years is all that is necessary, and that should
be reserved in every form of loan. But we wish
to hold out to the world, in the negotiation of
these bonds, the fact that we do not intend to
abandon the American system of payingour debt
within the generation that contracted it. That
is the idea. We therefore stipulate to pay
each of these classes of bonds absolutely within
twenty, thirty, or forty years. That was the
idea first advanced by Alexander Hamilton,
and maintained by this Government without
exception to this hour; and now, when we are
about to fund this debt, I do not wish to sur-
render the idea that we shall absolutely pay it
all within forty years, and that we shall abso-
lutely pay off these five per cent, bonds in
twenty year3. Does any Senator doubt our
ability or our disposition to do it ? No one can
doubt it. The operation of the siuking fund
alone will pay off this debt before the time
probably that the bonds are absolutely payable, j
Therefore, I think it is well to maintain in this j
bill the affirmation-of the distinct policy of the 1
Government to pay the principal of the whole
debt within forty years.
The only other point to which I wish to re-.
ply is as to the rapid payment of the public
debt. The honorable Senator objects that the !
Seventh section provides for a too rapid pay-1
ment of the public debt. It simply provides 1
what we agreed to pay. We are just as much ,
bound to j>ay each year one per cent, of the
principal of the debt cdmtracted'under the act
of February 25, 1862, as we are bound to pay
six per cent, interest on the five-twenty loans.
But the Senator says that now we can make a
tlew bargain, we can change the terms of the
act of February 2-5, 1862.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; I will yield entirely.
Mr. MORTON. No; 1 only want to ask a
question. The Senator says we are bound by
the act of 1862 to pay one per cent, of the
principal of the debt. He treats that as being
an obligation applying to the entire debt. 1
ask him if that provision is not confined to the
five-twenty act of 1862, to the $500,000,000
issued under it?
Mr. SUMNER. Absolutely.
Mr. MORTON. Does it apply to any sub-
sequent loan authorized and issued?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am astonished to hear
that remark come especially from the Senator
from Massachusetts, who must have read the
law. The fifth section of the act of February
25, 1862, applies to all the debt; and every
five-tifeuty bond now outstanding in the mar-
ket is issued tender the original act of Feb-
ruary 25, 1862. The amount only is enlarged;
but all the subsequent issues are of the same
character and the same description, having the
same rates and the same qualities precisely as
those issued under the original act. So it has
been regarded by all departments of the Gov-
ernment. The one per cent, clause applies to
the mass of the public debt, most of whioh
was created under the act of February 25,
1862, except the ten-forties and the original
bonds of 1881.
So that this is a stipulation ; it is what we
have agreed to do. We agreed in that act that
we would apply one per cent, of the principal
of the debt to the payment of the debt. The
public debt is now $2,600,000,000. One per
cent, is $25,000,000, and that must not only be
applied every year, but it must be applied in
the nature of a sinking fund; that is, as the
principal decreases the amount applied should
be increased pari passu; so that this is but the
organization of a sinking fund. It was not
organized before for the reason stated by the
Secretary of the Treasury, but the United States
have always paid the $25,000,000 a year, and
more too. Now, the question is whether, when
we are about to repeal taxes, we will not keep
in view the obligation incurred by us during
the war, and pay at least $25,000,000 in the
nature of a sinking fund on the principal of
the public debt.
The objections made by both these Senators
to the payment of the interest of the new bonds
abroad, and especially to the employment of
foreign agents, have a great deal of force in
them. The answer is, however, that by the
employment of foreign agents, especially by
the employment of leading bankers abroad,
we can place our loans at a lower rate of in-
terest. One thousand millions of this debt are
now scattered all over Europe, on the valley of
the Rhine, in Sweden, in Norway, in Turkey,
j1 A considerable part of it is held in the remotest
i: parts of Europe. It is proposed now to em-
ploy agents scattered all over European coun-
i tries to help us place it. If by doing so we
can save some money, it is better for us to do
: it. It is true it shocks a little my American
pride to pay interest abroad; but other nations
, do it; Russia does it; and if we can reduce
the interest to the low rates proposed by this
I bill by paying a portion abroad, I see no
] objection to it.
| As to the cost, there is no cost about it. It
; costs nothing, except the possible loss of inter-
! est from the time of transmitting coin or ex-
change up to the date of the payment of the
, interest, because there is not a banker in
j Europe who would not be very glad to keep
| this account without charging anything, ana
! «ven perhaps allowing ns interest on the bal-
ances from time to time. Many of them would
do it. Now, and for years and years past, an
account has been kept by the American Gov-
ernment with a leading banking-house in Lon-
don on these terms. They pay any drafts
drawn by the Government of the United States
on Europe without cost to the United States,
and allow, I believe, a small rate of interest
on the amounts accumulatad from time to time
for that purpose. These are all the remarks I
desire to make at this stage of the debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts and the Senator from
Ohio a question for information.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. MORTON. I think my question is very
important in view of the proposal in this bill
to issue a four per cent. bond. We do not
want to issue a Dond which will be rejected,
which will be an utter failure. I desire to &sk
those two Senators if they have any evidence
that a four per cent, bond issued by any Gov-
ernment has ever been sold for more than
eighty-four cents on the dollar ? I should like
to have an answer.
Mr. SUMNER. I eannot say precisely
whether more than eighty-four cents on the
dollar was realized. I am not aware that any
four per cent, bond was ever put upon the mar-
ket at par.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not be so posi-
tive about thait. My impression is that recently
a four per cent, loan has been put upon the
market at par by Switzerland; but 1 am not
so sure about that as to be able to answer the
question positively.
Mr. SUMNER. TheSwissdid borrow money
this last year, a small sum of about five or six
million, I think, very advantageously, bnt I
think not at four per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it was at four per
cent.; and I would further say that the English
three per dent, consols are now worth ninety-
two, so that the actual yield of the consol on
the par in gold is only about three and a quarter
per cent.
There was one other point I wished to notice
before going further; and that was the very
forcible statement made by the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] as to the in-
justice done to the banks. I agree with him
that the proposition contained in the bill submit-
ted by the Senator from Massachusetts was a
virtual confiscation of one third of the interest
of the bonds of the banks; but my friend
overlooks that clause in this bill which gives
the banks an opportunity to retire and yield
the franchise of issuing money which they
hold at the pleasure of Congress to others.
It seems to me that it is clearly within our
right at any time to withdraw from these
banks the power of issuing our money, money
printed by us, guarantied by us, for which
we are responsible—a Government franchise.
It seems to me that we can withdraw that right
at any time. All we are bound to do in honor
and good faith is to surrender to those banks
their identical property and bonds. We may
at any time deprive them of the franchise which
we gave to them at our pleasure ; but we are
bound to give them back the identical bonds,
principal and interest, as we do under the bill
as it now stands. Any bank that is not satis-
fied to make this change voluntarily is not even
required to surrender its own note3, but may
surrender either its own notes or the notes of
any other bank, or greenbacks, and lift and
redeem the bonds now held by it, and retire
;! from the banking business, or only from the
j! franchise we granted it of issuing paper money,
i: Then the Government of the United States
assumes the obligation of paying off in full its
outstanding notes, and others have an oppor-
tunity to enter the banking business on the
j i terms proposed by this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to ask, for inform-
ation, a question of the chairman ofthe Finance
Committee on that point which has troubled
me a little. I ask whether in the banking act,
in another part of it which provide3 certain
conditions on which the franchise shall be for-
feited, there is not an implied stipulation on
the part of Congress that the banks shall be
entitled, as a matter of right, to continue to
exercise their functions so long as they con-
form to the law under which they are created ?
I ask the question in ojrder to get the explana-
tion of my friend.
Mr. SHERMAN. My opinion is that there
is no such implied stipulation; and I think if
the Senator will look at the law he will see
that we have clearly the right to amend, alter,
l modify, or repeal it. That right is expressly
: reserved. If we could not make any changes
in the banking law that might by possibility
, affect the franchise we are in a bad fix, as my
friend from Oregon [Mr. Williams] suggests.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am asking as to the
particular point which the Senator from Ohio
has stated, that we have the right, as a matter
! | of truth and law, to withdraw the franchise
1 altogether, and having that right we may make
these terms, as would naturally follow ; and
then I ask him whether that can fairly stand—
I do not say that it cannot; I only ask his view
of it—-with the other provisions we have made,
declaring on what terms this franchise shall be
forfeited by judicial investigation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The franchise may be
. forfeited on judicial investigation, and yet the
franchise is subject to the pleasure of Congress
besides. For instance, we may, for public rea-
sons not applicable to a particular bank, but
applicable to the whole system, withdraw the
system. Under an express reservation of au-
thority, we may repeal, modify, or change the
whole system; and this has been practically
decided by the Supreme Court in a recent case
upon thequestion of bank taxation. Thewhole
question of national banks is entirely within
the discretion and power of Congress. All we
aire bound to do is to see that no injustice shall
I be done to them, that their property shall not
