1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1633
be confiscated. We have no right to take any
portion of their property, and our amendments
ouglit to be governed by wisdom and prudence;
they ought not to be harsh. Therefore, the
committee allowed one year in which to make
this changc. _
But this change is not a sacrifice to tnem
after all, because this whole scheme depends
on the ability of the United States to sell five
and four and a half per cent, bonds at par in
gold, and the bonds we give to the banks are
to be in exchange for those we have the right
to pay off. We have the right to pay off their
present bonds in gold. We propose to pay
them in gold; we shall pay tliem off in gold
if this scheme succeeds. All we require of
them is to place, as a security for their notes
outstanding, another form of our bonds, which
are, it is true, a little less valuable so far as
they produce interest, but whose market value
must be equivalent to par in gold;
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I believe I did not
overlook the point to which the Senator from
Ohio refers. My impression of it was this, that
the committee's amendment proposes to place
the banks in a certain position, and that posi-
tion is one which actually forces them either
to give up their franchise or to take less for
their bonds than the Government promised to
pay. The proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts goes directly to the point, and
says we propose to withhold a part of that [
which upon the lace of the bond we promised
to pay. One is direct; the other indirect.
One is direct unconditionally; the other is
direct upon conditions with which many banks
cannot comply.
I do not doubt that the Senator intends to
pay honestly every dollar which the Govern-
ment owes; but the way to do it is to make
your loans on the best terms you possibly can,
and when ycu have made yonr new loans pay
the debts which you now owe and those which
• you have the right and the privilege of paying.
Make your loans at less than six per cent, if
you can, and then go to the banks and pay the
bonds which they npw hold which are bearing
six per cent, interest, and then say to those
banks to-day, if you please, " We will receive
no other securities than those which are issued
under the provisions of law, drawing four per
cent, interest." That is right, that is honest,
that is just. The other, in my opinion, is not.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Connecticut is perfectly correct in call-
ing this proposition of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts a proposition for repudiation. It is
nothing more and nothing less; plain, straight-
out, unvarnished repudiation. But, sir, I do
not look upon the proposition of the committee
as a proposition for repudiation, and I do not
tViinlr the Senator from Massachusetts intends
to make his proposition a proposition for repu-
diation; bat when he proposes to deduct from
the bonds actually in the Treasury one and a
half per cent, and put it to the credit of the
sinking fund, without theconsent of the owners
of the bonds, he repudiates the debt exactly
that much.
But, Mr. President, I believe there is another
and safer and better way to arrive at the point
which the committee desires to arrive at.- No
one denies that Congress has the right to alter,
amend, or repeal, if it sees fit, the general
banking law. Under that proviso we may say
to the national banks, "You must deposit four
per cent, bonds, and we will issue circulation
upon none others;" and here permit me to
say that I am in favor of making the provision
absolutely compulsory that no circulating notes
shall be issued except upon four per cent,
bonds. The banks receive a valuable fran-
chise—I am talking as a banker, for I have
been one a great many years—the banks have
a valuable franchise, a franchise for which
they can afford to pay, and for which they
should be compelled to pay; and two per cent,
is not too much to make them pay for that
franchise. Hence I am in favor of making it
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 103.
compulsory upon all the national banks in the
United States to deposit four per cent, bonds,
and none others, for their circulating notes;
but I do not propose to go with my friend from
Massachusetts and repudiate in order to com-
pel them to do that thing.
I have another and a better and an easier
way. I would give them a reasonable time to
substitute four percent, for six per cent, bonds;
three months, six months., or twelve months;
and if they had not made that substitution at
tho appointed day I would say to your Secre-
tary of the Treasury, "As these circulating
notes come in return the bonds." And it takes
but two years to bring every dollar of the cir-
culation of the United States into the Treas-
ury. "As you receive them destroy the notes
and return the bonds on which they were
issued to the banks issuing them." Then I
would say to the banks in Alabama, Arkansas,
or Michigan, or Indiana, "Here are $100,000
or $200,000 or $2,000,000 of circulation that
you can have ; it has been destroyed, and be-
longed to banks in Massachusetts or Connecti-
cut, or somewhere else, who would not comply
with our law." At the end of two years each
and every one of these banks would have re-
ceived its whole amount of bonds; its circula-
tion would have been destroyed, and it would
be left a bank, to be sure, but without circula-
tion, without bonds in the Treasury, with its ;
franchise and nothing more. This would be
my way; perhaps there may be some other
way better than this; I am not particular about
the way, but.I do repudiate repudiation, come
from what source it may, even from my dis-
tinguished friend from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad that my
friend from Michigan and myself concur so
completely in the object to be sought. It is
to compel the banks to deposit bonds, at a
lower rate of interest. That is what we both
desire. Now, the Senator has one way of
arriving at this result, and I another. The way
proposed in the bill originally introduced by
me is as follows:
"And if any national bank shall not famish to the
Treasurer of the United States the new bonds as
required by this act within three months after hav-
ing been notified by the Secretary of the Treasury
of his readiness to deliver euch bonds"—
Mark, they have three months' notice. Is not
this enough? Three months within which to
make the change—
"it shall be the duty of tho Treasurer, so long as
such delinquency exists, to retain from the interest,
as it may Become due and payable, on the bonds
belonging to such delinquent banks, an deposit with
him aa security for circulating notes, so mucn ol
such interest as shall be in excess of four per cent,
per annum on the amount of sueh bonds, which
excess shall be placed to the credit of the sinking
fund of the United States; and all claims thereto on
the part of such delinquent banks shall cease and
determine from that date."
The object of this proposition is precisely the
object declared by my friend, the Senator from
Michigan, who has such experience asabanker.
I am glad that he unites with me on this occa-
sion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do heartily.
Mr. SUMNER. So much the better. Now,
I am perfectly willing to accept his mode or
way of doing it. I care not now it is done,
provided it is done. I offered what seemed
to me a prudent, expedient, and just mode;
and though my friend has used a very hard
term with regard to it he will permit me to
say that I do think my proposition, notwith-
standing all that he has said and the hard
name he has employed, is certainly as g°°£
as his. It is one way of reaching what we both
desire, and there is no more repudiation in one
than in the other. Do you ask how_ it is
justified? Obviously, plainly. The original
bank act reserves to Congress plenary power
to amend, to change, to modify the system in
any respect, even to terminating the bank;
and here is complete jurisdiction over the
agencies of the bank, and especially over those
bonds which are lodged in the Treasury as
security for the bank.. On this ground I
place the proposition which I have made.
It is the same ground, as I understand it, on
which the Senator from Ohio places the equiv-
alent proposition which he has reported from
his committee. If cne is repudiation, then is
the other repudiation ? But I insist that neither
is repudiation. Each in its way is an expedient,
a device, or, adopting terms well known in the
law, the " means " for reaching a certain end.
That is my answer to the objection of the Sen-
ator from Michigan; and now I turn to other
Senators who have interrogated me since this
discussion began.
My friend from Indiana inquired with regard
to four per cent, bonds. 1 was interrupted
beforel had completed myanswer. Onanother
occasion I think I stated to the Senate that
what are called the four per cent, or four and
a half per cent, rentes of France, which it
wilL be remembered were takeii to such large
amounts some few years ago, are not in point of
fact at the rate of interest indicated by the term.
They were put on the market below par. Of
course you are tb take that difference into
account in determining the interest. In point
of fact these French rentes stand at above six
per cent, interest.
Allusion was made by the Senator from Ohio
to English consols. These, as I said a short
, time ago, are peculiar; they are unique; they
; are the security with the lowest interest of any
known in the civilized world. But there is a
reason for this lowest interest that is not often
taken into account. By universal usage in
England, also by the practice of the courts and
by positive law, trust funds, funds in chancery^
! funds awaiting the judgments of courts, ana
generally funds seeking temporary investment
where security rather man income is in ques-
tion—all such funds flow naturally into the con-
solidated debt of England. There is a constant
supply tending that way, like so many rivers
flowing into the sea. Therefore English con-
sols are always in request, even at the lowest
rate of interest. People must use them.
Now, our national securities are in no such
position. They are not made so by law, by
decisions of courts, or by usage. They enter
into the market in competition with all other
securities, public and private, and must take
the consequences. -In this respect they are
entirely different from English consols.
I now come back, to the inquiry with which
the Senator from. Ohio began.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask if it is possible for
the United States to put an American bond
upon the same footing, legally or otherwise,
in the English and French markets, as an
English consol or a French rente?
. Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator mean with
the same advantages and the same ijhances?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sit; I ask if it i3 pos-
sible for us to do it? ....
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think it possible
to put it into the market in competition with
English consols, or on the same footing with
English consols. Whether it can be put into
the market in competition with the French
rentes is another question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Our securities in former
times rated rather above the French.:
Mr. SUMNER. I am prepared to anticipate
that. I am sure that if we can pass a good
refunding bill we can go into the market in
; competition with all the securities of the world,
'! unless it be English consols; and, as I have
S already said, those are exceptional; they stand
by themselves; they have a peculiar support
;! and supply; they are fed by fountains of their
own. , . .
I I am brought back now to the inquiry of the
Senator from Ohio, with which this discussion
began, and that is with regard to the original
loan of 18G2, and why this should be selected
first for payment. I do not know whether I
ii deceive myself; I may, but to my mind it seems
