1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
perfectly clear, according to the coarse of busi-
ness, that any merchant would first pay his
first obligation. Am I wrong? Have I for-
gotten all the experience of the world ? Is all
that I ever read or heard at fault ? I believe
1 cannot err when I say, that according to all
the dictates of pradence, not to say of com-
mon sense, any merchant, any banker looking
over his obligations would say, "Here is number
one; here is my first considerable debt; pay it
tirst; let all that I can now obtain go to its
satisfaction; strike it off my books; let noth-
ing of it continue outstanding.'' I believe that
such would be the command of prudence, ay,
sir, of common sense, which, indeed, is only
another prudence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask the Senator
a question. Suppose a merchant in Boston
was in debt $100,000, due in installments of
$50,000 each, and he had the money on hand
to pay; would he feel called upon, when none
of the debt was doe, to pay first that of the
oldest date?
Mr. SUMNER. Not unless it was due; bnt
here it is due.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg pardon; it is not
dae. None of it is dne until twenty yean from
its date. It ia at our pleasure, at our option.
Now, if we can bay that which is redeemable,
bearing the same rate of interest, issued at a
subsequent date, cheaper than we can bay that
which is now redeemable but not payable for
twenty yean, it seems to me a wise man would
pay off that creditor with whom he could make
the best terms. If the debt was due, the rea-
soning of the Senator wonld apply. If the
first five-twenty loan was due and payable,
and we were bound to pay it either by the obli-
gations of honor or the terms of the bond, we
should pay that first at whatever sacrifice.
But the debt is not due. There if the distinc-
tion the Senator overlooks.
Ur.SUMN£R. I do not appreciate the distinc-
tion between the national debt that is dne and
that which is payable. All that is payable comes
within the sphere of our discretion, and this is
enough. Though not obliged to pay it, yet
we may pay it, and this is enough. No matter
whether it is due or not. I have already said
that a prudent merchant or btfnker would pay
off the first mass of obligations'; in this case I
submit he wonld pay off the debt of 1862. He
would not come down to 1864, bnt would stop
at 1862. Then, were the case of the merchant
or banker I have supposed identical with that
of oar country he would find another sovereign
reason for paying off the first debt; and that is
the reason w Inch my friend calls poetical, others
call sentimental. It is that the debt of 1862
is the very debt that has been attacked by the
enemies of onr credit. It is the debt against
which repudiation has directed its assanlt. On
this account the merchant or banker would see
it paid, paid first; and this is my desire now.
I am anxious for the national credit; I wish to
see this Republic of ours great in character as
it is ia power. I know no better way at this
moment in which this can be accomplished
than by the corapleteestablishment of its credit.
Therefore, sir, to this great end wonld I pay ;
off the debt of 1862 wholly, entirely, so that
nothing of it should remain to remind as of
the question that has been raised. This is
what I have to say on the first inquiry of the
Senator. ,
He proceeded, however, to pat a further
question with reference to the payment of the I
national debt. The Senator tninks that this I
should be paid by the present generation. His !
argument assumed this, if his language did not
positively assert it. Sir, on this point I take
,ssuc- Enough has this generation already
contributed in infinite blood and in treasure i
without undertaking to exhaust itself by paying i
debt. Let part of it be ex- !
tended on the great and growing shoulders of
posterity. Such, I believe, is the dictate of
prudence. I see no other way in which the !
industrial interests of oar country can be re- II
I lieved from the oppressive burden under which
they suffer. I see no reasonable chance of
; that stability in our finances which depends on
the tranquillity of the country, unless this relief
is found.
But the Senator insists that under the act
of 1862 we are obliged to hand over to the
sinking fund one per cent. To that my reply
is that this obligation, such as it may be, is
! confined to the bonds created under the act;
i and why now, when we are remodelling our
1 whole national debt, when we are dealing with
the greatest, the vastest mass of nationul se-
curities that in all history any nation undertook
to deal with, shall we voluntarily assume an-
other fundamental obligation like that which
is proposed, involving the payment, as it does,
of the national debt within twenty-five years,
1 and the subjection of the people to constant
taxation? Sir, I desire our present taxation
to be reduced; I desire the payment of the na-
tional debt to be in some measure postponed;
and on that acconnt I object to the incorporat-
ing in this new fundamental law of this great
obligation, an obligation which, just in pro-
portion as the debt is paid, will result iu an
increased surplus, which, as I showed a few
moments ago, might amount to $100,000,000
annually, all of which must come out of the
people. Hoping sincerely that the burdens of
thepeople may be relieved, I see no better place
to begin than by arresting the present most cost-
ly promise, which seems to me as needless as
costly. The Senator urges its obligation in the
act of 1862. Why, then, extend it in the pro-
posed act of 1870 ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, obtained the
floor.
_ Mr. DRAKE. With the Senator's permis-
sion, I will move an executive session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rose to claim
the floor for to-morrow.
presidential appttoval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 124) amending an act entitled "An act
for the relief of Henry C. Noyes."
executive session.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
BOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 2, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
amendment of home8tead law.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask nnanimons consent to
report back from the Committee on the Public
Lands a bill (H. R. No. 1086) amendatory of
the act entitled "An act to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain," ap-
proved May 20, 1862, and of the acta amend-
atory thereof, approved March 21, 1864, and
June 21, 1866.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information ; after which there will be oppor-
tunity for objection.
The bill was read. It provides that any per- |
son who may have been in actual service in i
the military or naval service of the United !
States during the late civil war, and who may
have been honorably discharged therefrom, be
relieved from the payment of the fee required
by the several acts of which this act is amend-
atory. But this is not to be construed to relieve
the party from the payment of the commissions
allowed to the local land officers under the
homestead acts. The proof of such actual ser-
vice is to be produced according to such instruc-
tions as may be given by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, with a view to give
full effect to this act.
The SPEAKER. The amendment which the
committee propose to report will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line three and line fivo strike out may " anil
insert "shall;" bo that the bill will read :
That any person who shall have boen in actual ser-
vice in tlio military or naval sorvioe of the United
i States during the late oivil war, and who shall huvu
beeu honorably discharged therefrom, be, and hu«1i
person is hereby, reliovod from tho payment of the
foe required by the soveral acts of which this act is
amendatory, &o.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall not object to this
bill, for I think it very proper, if the tirst pro-
viso be struck out. 1 ask that the proviso be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
I'rovitled, however. That this shall not be construed
to relieve the party from the payment of the commis-
sions allowed to the looal land oUiceru under tho
homestead acts.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, five years
ago, when there was before the House a bill
containing substantially this provision, I in-
sisted that it ought not to receive the approval
of the House. 1 still maintain that position.
If this bill is to be acted on now I insist that the
first proviso should be struck out.
Mr. JULIAN. I will make a brief explan-
ation, after which I think my colleague [Mr.
Holman] will not object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must take this
occasion to rectify a course of procedure in the
House which he cannot allow. It is not in the
power of any gentleman to make a conditional
objection founded upon an argument. When
unanimous consent is asked for the introduc-
tion of a bill a gentleman who rises and makes
a conditional objection, which is in the nature
of debate, waives thereby his right to object.
The right to object must be waived or exercised
absolutely; it cannot be made the subject of a
condition.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall not object to allow-
ing my colleague to report the bill at this time.
The SPEAKER. These being no objection,
the bill is before the House, and the question
is upon agreeing to the amendment that the
committee report.
Mr. J ULIAN. I will state why the proviso
has been inserted. If we exempt the soldier
from the payment of the usual land-office fee
! it will occasion a necessity for raising the
salaries of the registers and receivers all over
the United States. We are not willing to give
occasion for such a measure for the sake merely
of relieving the soldier from the payment of
the pittance required as the land-office fee
under the existing law. I hope the proviso
will be retained.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a mere pittance, and
these officers are well enough paid. I think
the soldiers shoald have the benefit of the
homestead law without paying anything at all.
It is the only advantage we give them over the
civilians, and I hope my friend will allow me
i to move to strike out the first proviso.
| Mr. JULIAN. There is complaint all over
the country of the low salary of registers and
receivers, and to remit these fees would reduce
their allowance to such an extent as to neces-
sitate additional legislation in their behalf, and
the Treasury of the United States is not in
condition to raise salaries.
Mr. HOLMAN. These salaries are ample,
and this proviso imposes a charge from the
payment of which our soldiers should be re-
lieved.
Mr. JULIAN. The House have heard my
explanation. I will yield to my colleague to
offer his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
first proviso.
Tho House divided; and there were—ayes
38. noes 56: no guorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Julian and Mr.
Holman.
