2578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
it. I admired, I appreciated the back-lianded
compliments over my shoulders to my colleague
■which were so freely bestowed by the advocates
of this measure at that time, so generously
bestowed upon him at ray expense. I appre-
ciate them still. But now after they have heard
from this colleague of mine, the senior Sena-
tor from Iowa, it seems they have changed
their minds j it seems that lie was not the man
they took him for; it seems that he did not
appreciate the necessity of this tremendous
grant of land which was pressed through here
without a reason in its favor, without aground
upon which to base the claim. I put it to the
Senate if there has been a reason urged, a
ground upon which to base this claim for the
extension of this grant during this entire dis-
cussion.
Then, sir, finding that the senior Senator from
Iowa was against them, they turned in and
abused the senior Senator from Iowa, whom
they had before eulogized as having been the
father and the great propagator of this land-
grant system for the last fifteen years. They
turned around and denounced him, whom they
had before eulogized, as an enemy generally to
land grants and as an enemy specially to this
land grant for the building of the Northern
Pacific railroad. Do yon not all remember
that ? Is not that the way they turned upon
him in the course of this debate, theso special
advocates of this stupendous railroad grant?
Precisely so. There is no question of it. The
change was produced, not 111 the character of
the senior Senator from Iowa, but in the char-
acter of their feelings caused by his opposition
to their views and their desires in this particular
case.
And then not only the senior Senator from
Iowa, but the other Senator is set down here
for his opposition to this railroad grant, and
over and overagam it is repeated that it comes
with a very ill grace from Iowa to oppose
this railroad grant. It is said that Iowa, which
has-received so much from the Government,
ought not to turn round and oppose the grant
of lands for the construction of this railroad.
If it were true that there was an inconsistency
in the course of Iowa, or in the course of the
Iowa Senators; if it were true that in the op-
position to this measure Iowa had turned against
a poliey which had benefited her, then there
might be some reason for saying that it comes
with ill grace. What are the facts? Iowa
received land grants, and I should like the
attention of Senators on this subject. Let it
not be repeated hero again from any guarter
thatlowa is turning round and repudiating her
own policy in regard to this matter. Iowa has
flourished. Iowa is flourishing. Iowa is ben-
efited immensely by land grants. And what
were they? The first land grants to Iowa for
railroads were three sections, or the alternate
sections for a strip six sections wide, three
sections a mile I It was increased afterward
to five sections a mile. With that grant of
five sectious a mile the Iowa railroads have
been built. With that grant of five sections
we have built two thousand miles of railroad,
and have still some under construction.
Mr. HOWARD. Was it not five sections
on each side of the line?
Mr. HOWELL. No, sir ; alternate sections.
Mr. RAMSEY. On each side?
Mr. HOWELL. No, sir; the selection was
to be within five miles on eachside of the line,
and the grant was of alternate sections. That
meant five sections to the mile. That is what
I mean precisely. Upon this grant we built
our railroads, two thousand miles completed,
and have some still under construction ; how
much I do not remember. For those two thou-
sand miles of railroad and that which is still
unfinished, we received how much? I have
not gone into a calculation of what the princi-
ple was upon which the grant was made, or
upon which it was estimated ; but at the out-
side we received a little over four million acres
of land. We received for over two thousand
miles of railroad a little over four million acres
of land. You ask for your little over two
thousand miles of railroad here, how many
million acres? Near fifty million acres of
public land.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator does not
want to make a misstatement, I suppose.
Mr. HOWELL. I do not.
Mr. STEWART. The McGregor and Sioux
City road in Iowa received teu sections per
mile, five sections on each side. Most of the
Iowa roads received ten sections ; some six
sections ; and none of them are down so low as
five sections.
Mr. HOWELL. I asked my colleague who
is familiar with that matter and was here in the
Senate at the time, and lie said they commenced
with a grant of three sections on each side, and
increased to five sections.
Mr. STEWART. We commenced with three
sections on each side and increased it to ten.
That is the record.
Mr. HOWELL. There may ho one or two
roads up in the Northern part of the State that
I was not familiar with, winch received more.
Mr. STEWART. The whole amount is
seven million and some odd thousand acres
granted to Iowa.
Mr. HOWELL. Seven million acres of
land?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWELL. I say again the estimate of
tho lands is a little over four million acres that
we have received. As 1 staled the other day,
the State of Iowa has received according to the
Governor's message seven million acres of land
altogether; and a portion of that is swamp
lands and a large portion school lands and
academy and college lands. The amount re-
ceived for railroads is only a little over four
million acres, without entering into the dispute
between the Senator and my colleague.
Mr. STEWART. He puts down the amount
that has been patented. It has not nil been
patented. It is not patented until after the
road is built and tho company applies for a
patent; but tho amount, when it is all patented
for railroad purposes, which it will be, will bo
7,831,207;(i)1r acres. Then it has school lands
and swamp lands.
Mr. HOWELL. Not in addition to that?
Mr. STEWART. Yes; in addition.
Mr. HOWELL. Not according to our sta-
tistics, at all events.
Mr. STEWART. Your Governor has only
put in what was patented.
Mr. 110WELL. Very well; that, much we
have received, that much is completed, and
that is what we have received for two thousand
miles of railroad already completed; and if
there is other land to be patented, that is to be
given for other railroads that are yet to be
completed which we do not count in the two
thousand miles already completed. So that
the proportion remains the same. Now, esti-
mating what we have received for our railroads,
Iowa has built and completed as much rail-
road as is inclosed within the termini of this
line, and ha3 built it with a grant of a little
over four million acrcs of land. Now, you
come here and ask for this line, after you have
got forty-seven million acres, an addition to
that. You say it is not an absolute addition,
but in order to make up what may be a defi-
ciency. We did not got ours made up at all.
Mr. RAMSEY. May I ask the Senator
whether he considers land_ in latitude forty-
seven degrees north equal in value to land in
the forty-first degree of latitude, as a general
thing?
Mr. HOWELL. I think there is some land
included in this grant which is as good and as
valuable at this time as the land in Iowa was
at the time the grants there were made. I
think that when this road is extended and built
as it will be gradually from each side, from the
ocean and from Lake Superior, as it progresses
toward the center the greater portion of the
land will become as valuable as the land in
Iowa through which our railroads run. You
claim that the land is good land. It is univers-
ally understood that the land is good. Why,
then, depreciate it by saying that it is wortli
nothing? What is the use of taking it if it is
not worth anything now and is never to be
worth anything; and why protest against our
limiting it to $2 CO an acre if it is so utterly
worthless? Why on all hands without reason
do you attack every position that is taken against
it and offer no reasonable ground for the sup-
port of the claim you are making for additions
here ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator if there
was any limitation upon the price of land in
Iowa in the land grants there? Was there a
limit to $2 50 an acre ?
Mr. HOWELL. Now, let us get on to that
point. AVhen the railroads were about to be
constructed in Iowa it was some years ago.
There was not a great deal of capital in the
country at that time to bo devoted to railroads.
Railroads were in their infancy. Railroads
had not combined and controlled the capital
of tho country as they do now. Then railroad
companies were anxious to get rid of then-
lands as rapidly as they could at any reason-
able price ; and they did get rid of them. They
did not remain as an immense and overshad-
owing monopoly, like the upas tree, to curse
tho earth upon which they were located. But
now things have changed. The railroad com-
panies control the country, and railroad com-
panies control the capital of the country. They
can combine any amount of capital that they
see fit to combine. They can mortgage these
lands, and wiCh tho money obtained upon the
mortgage of I,he lands, with tho capital they
can concentrate, they can hold on to the lands
for fifty years, while side by side tho lands not
granted to the company are settled on by set-
tlers, and these companies hold on to their
lands until they grow to be valuable, immensely
valuable; valuable not only by tho railroad
being built, but far more valuable by tho set-
tlements that are made adjoining them on (he
alternate sections by the capital and the labor
of the men who settle thore, and who develop
the interests of tho country, and who have no
aid or comfort from these railroad sections
in doing theso things.
Therefore, a reason exists now that did not
exist then for taking measures to guard against
these railroad monopolies of land to the pre-
vention of settlement and improvement and to
the oppression of tho people who settle along
the lino of railroads. That is the principle
upon which I go in regard to that matter. I
think it is sound. I think it is reasonable. 1
think there is good ground for it, and oo man
who will think it all over can help coming to
that conclusion.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to ask the Senator
if he does not consider six thousand acres, or
ten sections to the mile, lyingbctween the Mis-
souri and Mississippi rivers worth at least
double the amount of forty sections per mile
in Montana and from Minnesota through an
extended line of new country, unsettled Indian
country? That country'is to be settled up,
instead of being every foot of the land good
and a thickly inhabited country.
Mr. HOWELL. If the Senator had not
answered his own question I might be induced
to do it; but as he has done so I believe I will
not.
Mr. CORBETT. What would be the differ-
ence in the cost of building a road over the
Rocky mountains in this country, where they
have got to build tunnels two and a quarter
miles in length in one place, compared with
building a road through Iowa, where, as every
one knows who has passed through that State,
every foot of the land is fine arable land? He
must see that they must have better advantages,
and must have a larger tract of land and be
enabled to hold some of the lands in order that
they may get a good price hereafter for them ;
otherwise they cannot build the' road.
