1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1635
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 33, noeB 77.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the previous ques-
Tbe previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid onthe
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGET ANGUS.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1398) for the relief of
Bridget Angus; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and, with the accompanying papers,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to make
a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of privilege.
There is an editorial in the New York Herald
of yesterday which intimates in a pleasant
way that a New York city member has gone
to Ohio, and toward "Sunset," to appoint a
cadet, when he ought to have appointed from
his own district. This rather looks toward
me, and is so regarded by friends. I beg to
say that I have made no appointment at all.
I am not sure that there are any vacancies. I
think I have none. I certainly have not exer-
cised the privilege. But for the allusion, to
"Sunset," one of my "pet names" which the
Herald has kindly caressed me with, I would
not have asked this privilege to correct its
unveracious pleasantry. When I have a chance
and do appoint it will be from my own dis-
trict. No one is more identified with his dis-
trict than I am. That my constituents know
by this time.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the morning
hour begun ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
now begin, as demand has been made for the
regular order of business. Reports are first in
order from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812. If there are no
reports from that committee, reports are in
order from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry of the Chair. Friday last being
Private bill day, the Committee on Invalid
'ensions unanimously reported a general bill
in reference to the payment of pensions which,
with various substitutes, were recommitted
and ordered to be printed. There is a motion
pending to reconsider that recommittal. What
I wish to know is whether I can call that up on
any day except Friday, which is private bill
day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can call
up the motion to reconsider, being a privileged
motion, at any time that he can get the floor
for that purpose. Had the gentleman allowed
the bill to run it would have had to run in the
morning hour on Fridays only, it being regarded
as a private bill by unanimous consent.
80LDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812 has been called.
The SPEAKER. It has been called twice
or thrice.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask the acting
chairman of that committee [Mr. Willard] if
they intend to report a bill to give some relief
to the soldiers of the war of 1812. I have had
such a bill referred, and I am getting many
inquiries from persons interested. 1 would
like to have the matter disposed of in some
way, that the country may know what is to be
done.
Mr. WILLARD. I am not prepared at pres-
ent to give an answer to the question. The
committee have taken no action upon that
subject this session.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope they will take
action soon.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think it should be stated
that the committee reported a bill last Congress
which passed this House and failed in the Sen-
i ate by a single vote.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
i the Committee on Railways and Canals.
Mr. INGERSOLL obtained the floor.
UNIFORM SYSTEM OF NATURALIZATION.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] to yield to me to report
a bill.
* Mr. INGERSOLL. Iyield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, reported
frOm the Committee on the Judiciary a bill (H.
R. No. 1399) to establish a uniform system of
natnralization, and to regulate proceedings
under the same; which was read a first and
second time, recommitted to the same com-
mittee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLEMENTA BACA.
! Mr. CHAVES, by unanimous consent, intro-
: duced a bill (H. R. No. 1400) granting a pen-
sion to Clementa Baca ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
CHARLES A. PITCHER.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a report from the Committee on Patents
on the petition of Charles A. Pitcher for relief,
and moved that the same be printed, and re-
committed to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. PROSSER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1401) to relieve
E. S. Cheatham and W. A. Lovell, citizens of
Tennessee, of their political disabilities; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
BRIDGE ACROSS NIAGARA RIVER.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Bennett.]
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Com-
merce, *with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 489) to authorize the
construction and maintenance of a bridge across
the Niagara river.
The bill was read. It provides that any
bridge and its appurtenances which shall be
constructed across the Niagara river from the
city of Buffalo, New York, to Canada, in pur-
suance of the provisions of an act of the Legis-
lature of the State of New York, entitled "An
act to incorporate the International Bridge
Company," passed April 17, 1857, or of any
act or acts of said Legislature amending the
same, shall be lawful structures, and shall be
so held and taken, and are hereby authorized
to be constructed and maintained, as provided
by said act and such amendments thereto,
anything in any law or laws of the United
States to the contrary notwithstanding. 'Ihe
bill also declares that such bridge shall be
an established post road for the mails of
the United States, but that this act shall not
be construed to authorize the construction of
any bridge which shall not permit the free navi-
gation of said river to substantially the same
extent as would be enjoyed under the provis-
ions of said act and the amendments thereto
heretofore enacted and now in force; pro-
vided, nevertheless, that the location of any
bridge, the construction of which is hereby au-
thorized, shall be subject to the approval of the
Secretary of War; and provided further that
such bridge shall have at least two draws of
not less than two hundred feet in width in the
clear between, which shall be located at the
points best calculated to accommodate the
commerce of said river, and the location and
place of the same shall be subject to the approval
of the Secretary of War.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask my colleague
whether this is the same bill which he presented
here the other day ?
Mr. BENNETT. It is the same. It is
unanimously reported by the Committee on
Commerce, and is simply to make the bridge
a post road.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. The bill provides for two
draws of two hundred feet in width. Does
that mean a clear water-way of four hundred
feet? I do not think the bill distinctly ex-
presses that idea. If it does I have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. BENNETT. The bill leaves the whole
matter to the Secretary of War to decide. It
is two hundred feet on each side, making four
hundred feet.
Mr. ALLISON. Precisely ; but that leaves
a water-way of only two hundred feet. I sub-
mit to the gentleman from New York that that
is not sufficient water-way for the navigation
! of such a river.
Mr. BENNETT. The whole matter is left
to the Secretary of War for his decision. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BENNETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORT-WARDENS FOR NEW YORK.
Me. SHELDON, of Louisiana, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 720) to facilitate the adjust-
ment of controversies between parties inter-
ested in maritime adventures and contracts in
the port of New York, and to establish a board
of port-wardens, with amendments, and moved
that the bill be recommitted^ and, with the
amendments, ordered to be pirinted.'
The motion was agreed to.,
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be raid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I ask unan-
imous consent that Senate bill No. 448 be
taken from the Speaker's table and referred to
the Committee on Commerce. _ .
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is it ?
Mr. CULLOM. Is the morning hour run-
ning? ,, ... ,
The SPEAKER. It is; and all this is by
unanimous consent. ...
Mr. CULLOM. I think we ought to have
the regular business of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Illinois must proceed or surrender the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before proceeding with
the regular business of the Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals, I ask the courtesy of the
House that I may report a bill from the Com-
