1870.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
41 st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
National Expenditures, &c.—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. op Reps.
Brooks, of New York,] on the 30th June, 1870,
said:
" Sly honorable friend from Indiana [Mr. IIolmax]
says that we shall be at liberty to pay this debt in
currency if wo do not now contract to pay it in gold.
Sir, X toll the gentleman that within six months
from the timewhen the Democratic party shall come
into power there will be a resumption of specie pay-
ments in thiscountry; the return to gold and silver
as the medium for the payment of all our-debts.
This is the platform which the Legislature of New
York has adopted: the resumption of specie pay-
ments and the payment of our debt, both principal
and interest, in gold. This is the platform of the
Democratic party. This is in accordance with the
political chart of Jefferson, of Momoe, of Jackson,
of Benton, of Polk, of Pierce, of Buchanan, and all
the great luminaries of the Democratic party. The
record oi our party is jn favor of hard money and
specie payments. Now is the time, by the funding
of our bonds so far as possible at four per cent, inter-
est, to relieve the people from the present enormous
interest of six, seven, and eight per cent."
Another Democratic leader, [Mr. Cox,] in
his speech of Jarie 7, said:
"I am opposed to the issue of any more national
bank notes. If I could, I would repeal the present
authorization and system." * * "" "Sel-
dom has a greater crime against the interests of prop-
el ty anil the rights of man been committed than when
Congress, in the eaily pait of 180:1, enacted that tho
notes of the Treasury should bo alegal tender lora.ll
debts and obligations, except for custom-house duties
and the payment of interest upon its bonds. A legal
tender is a forced loan. Every man is compelled to
accept it. whether he iswiiling todosoornot. Debts
contracted to be paid in tho equivalent of gold are
discharged with paper worth far; less than gold, and
the creditor is robbed of the difterenep.
"Such an act of despotism can find no justification,
not oven in the stern necessities of war."
"I am not as a critic and a Democrat here to make
plans. Without approving, however, I make some
suggestions. Tuey are not my plans. Tiiey aro for
the other side to consider.
"1'irst. Congress might enact that the national
b.inks withdraw thoir notes at the rate, siy, of
S15,000,000 per month, and 111 twenty monLlis their
whole circulation would be taken in, leaving green-
backs astheonlyciroulation. I11 that case'he green-
backs would form the paper circulation ofthecoun-
tiv, and would probably bo nearly at par with gold,
the contraction having been sufficient perhaps to
bring them to that point.
"There aro several considerations in favor of such
a measure." " 1
"My resolution says that no substitution can be
devised' for gold and silver. There is in truth but
one single and simple remedy, the restoration of the
currency to par with coin. All attempts to cvaue
this alternative ore, and in the nature of the case
must be, entirely futile."
TheOhio Democratic convention of January
8, 18G8, resolved that they—
" Neither forget nor dsny their anciont faith that
gold and silver form the currency of the Constitu-
tion."
In 1369 the Democratic party of Ohio nom-
inated General Rosecrans as their candidate
for Governor, who in his letter of April 8,
baul :
" The Democracy should assert with renewed vigor
and determination its old declaration in lavor of a
specie basis, and a paper currency convertible at par
into coin, at the will of the holder."
Mr. VaUaudigham, in his Dayton speech of
18G8, said :
" I am in favor of ono currency if practicable, and
as soon as practicable, and that cuironcy gold and
silver."
s. S. Cox in his Brooklyn speech of July 23,
1808, said :
"I would have one currency for all, anil that cur-
rency that of tho Constitution, gold and silver."
After all, then, the lesult is this: that whether
the debt shall be paid in gold, as the ^eastern
Democrats insist, orin greenbacks, as the west-
ern Democrats declare, it can make but little
difference, since they all alike indst upon a
speeuy resumptionofspeciepayments; no more
ctnreney either of greenbacks or bank notes;
practical', hard money; and when resumption
comes payment in greenbacks is payment, in
fo'-d. ' .
It, would be ruinous to the country, it not im-
possible, to carry out, this Democratic scheme
of disposing of the debt. _
It would require an annual addition of
$150,000,000 of taxation for sixteen years to
come. This would be a burden that would
crush the productive industry of the country.
It would require $15,000,000 additional an-
nual taxation in Ohio. This would be equal to
an addition of seventy-five percent, on all our
State and local taxation.
It means taxation not merely with currency
and prices as heretofore or now, but with cur-
rency equal to gold and prices of all labor and
property greatly reduced.
And now, what is the Republican plan of dis-
posing of the debt?
The national Republican convention of May,
1868, which nominated General Grant for the
Presidency, said in their platform of princi-
ples :
" The national debt, contracted as it has been for
the preservation of the Union for all time to come,
should bo extended over a fair period for redemp-
tion; and it is the duty ot Congress to reduce tho
rate of interest thereon whenever it can honestly bo
done."
The Republican party are opposed to any
contraction of tho currency; and therefore,
when under Andrew Johnson's administration
the currency was being contracted, Congress
passed the act of February 4, 180G, to prevent
contraction; and this policy has been adhered
to ever since.
The Republican party are in favor of fund-
ing tho debt at a lower rate of interest, and of
extending tho time of payment. The " fund-
ing bill," just passed by Congress, and now a
law, authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue $200,000,000 of five per cent, bands,
payable after ten years; $300,000,000 of four
and a half per cent, bonds, payable after fifteen
years; and $1,000,000,000 of four per cent,
bonds, payable after thirty years, exchange-
able at par for gold, with which to pay off and
cancel the outstanding bonds of the Govern-
ment, or exchangeable for the outstanding bonds
themselves. And it authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to receive gold on deposit at
three per cent., to furnish a fund to enable
him to pay outstanding bonds of those holders
who will not accept the new bonds in exchange
for the old ones.
Is this plan of funding practicable and desir-
able?
It is })racticahle.
The Loudon, Paris, and New York Cosmo-
politan of June 9, 1870, says:
" We give a largo portion of our space to-day to a
full report ot tho testimony of Sir. Charles Bowles
before tbo congressional Oouimitteo of Ways and
Means at Washington 011 the question ot funding the
national debt. Mr. Bowles, who is at tho head of
tho well-known banking-house of Bowles, Brotheis
tz Co., of London and Paris, believes, with tho Cos-
mopolitan, that an American four per cent, consol
is better by just twenty-five per cent, as an invest-
ment than an English three per cent. lie also be-
lieves witli us that every penny of tho United States
debt will be paid in gold, principal and interest.
Mr. Bowles is confident that United States tour per
cent, consols can be placed at home and abroad tor
three times tho amount required to fund the debt,
which would not be more than £:iOO,UOU,OQU."
The Anglo-American Times of ilay 21,
1870, said:
''Last, Saturday India five per cents, sold in Lon-
don at 1131 to 114; India four per cents., at 300j_ to
1011; that is the strongest example of a debt resting
solely on a foreign Government, which would un-
questionably be repudiated by the people it that
Government ceased to rule, commanding lor its lour
per cent, bonds a price above par."
The capitalists of Europe and America want
a safe means of investing money. Tbey want
long-time investments. l"ie hmger the time
the more valuable the investment, even with a
less rate of interest. Tho funding of the debt
is recommended by the President, and Secre-
tary of the Treasury, because they are assured
it is practicable.
Let us make the effort to fund our debt at a
lower rate of interest, and we will at least do
our duty.
It -is desirable.
If in a few years we can fund the whole in-
terest-bearing debt at four per cent, it will save
to the people annually nearly forty million
dollars in gold by the reduction in the rate of
interest.
This will enable Congress to still further
reduce taxation to that extent, and tho people
want relief from taxation.
The debt now is equal to one twelfth of all
the individual and corporate wealth in the Uni-
ted Slates. Its payment now would require a
surrender of one twelfth of all this property to
the holders of the bonds. Tho people are not
prepared for this.
The debt now is'sixty dollars per head of all
our forty million people.
But population increases at the rale of thirty-
five per cent, in every period of ten years, and
in the year 1900, thirty years from now, our
population will be one hundred and three mil-
lions. Then the debt will be less than twenty-
four dollars per capita.
It will be easier for one hundred and three
million people, thirty years from this, to pay
twenty-four dollars each than for forty millions
now to pay sixty dollars each.
The total individual and corporate wealth is
now in the United States probably about three
thousand millions. But this is increasingat the
rate of more than one hundred percent, in every
period of ten years, and in the year 1900 it will
reach $2-10,000,000,000, and then a levy of
one per cent, on the taxable property in the
country would pay the whole debt in one year.
If any citizen is opposed to taxing posterity
to pay the debt he can buy as many bonds as
inclination and means will permit, and thus,
by securing a share of tho debt and the interest
thereon, he can save himself and his posterity
from any future burdens the payment may
impose.
The Republican party, then, do not propose
to pay the debt now, neither in gold nor green-
backs, but they do propose to renew and replace
it with new bonds bearing less interest, and let
posterity pay it, when it will, in the language
of Horatio Seymour, in his speech of March
11, 1868—
"Best more lightly on greater number? and greater
wealth than it presses to-day upon the depressed
industry and depressed spirits of the pcoplo."
tiie public ckedit act.
President Grant's administration has ren-
dered funding practicable ; and how? To do
this it was necessary to convince the world of
our purpose to pay tiie debt in good faith, and
of our capacity to do so. The question whether
the five-twenty bonds were payable in gold or
gieen'oacks was a disputed question, and in
iihirope, where greenbacks cannot bo used as
currency, and where national debts are con-
tracted but not paid, our capacity as well as
purpose to pay was doubted. President Grant
saw that if lie could inspire universal confi-
dence in the capacity and honest purpose of
our Government to pay, the debt, could be
funded, its payment left to posterity, and as
long before that time greenbacks would be
redeemable in gold, the question whether the
debt is payable in gold or greenbacks would
be wholly immaterial. Tu inspire public con-
fidence in the honesty of our purpose to pay the
debt the act of March 18, 1800, " to strengthen
the public credit,'' was passed.
This act declared—
"That the faith of the United Slates i; solemnly
pledged to the pa>iaent, in com or its equiva Sent, of
United States note*, (greenbacks,) and of ail !ho
intoie: t-bearing obligations ol tiie United States,
except 111 cases where tho law authoring the issue
ot any such obligation has oxt>ie&-ly provided that
the same may be panl in lawtul money (greenbacks)
or other currency than gold and silver."
No act has been more misunderstood than
this. It has been represented as requiring the
payment of the debt m coin when such pay-
ment would be more expensive or onerous
than a payment in greenbacks. Bat this is
not tine. The act expressly prohibits tho
payment in coin when to do so would cost
