1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
328
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Oregon, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Salem, in Marion county, to
Sheridan, in Yamhill county; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pine Creek, Goose Lake valley, Oregon, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from
Jacksonville, via Link river and Goose Lake
valley, to Camp Bidwell or Lake City, in Sur-
prise valley, California; which was referred to
ike Committee on Post Offices and Post Boads.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Can-
dace Griswold, widow of the late George Gris-
wold, who was killed in the Indian war _ in
Oregon in 1856, praying for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Eager Brothers, of New York, praying for a
subsidy to enable them to maintain steam
communication with certain ports in Europe;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented the petitions of Robert D.
McLean and Ephraim S. Fisher, of Grenada,
Mississippi, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities,; which were referred to the
select Commit^e on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. COLE presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia, praying for the establishment of a
postal telegraph system ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of California in favor of the sus-
pension for twelve months of the execution of
the order of the Secretary of the Interior for
the sale of the lands heretofore withdrawn for
the benefit of the Southern Pacific railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Clara
Morris, praying for compensation for losses
incurred by her during her connection with the
sanitary commission; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
the Chamber of Commerce of Cincinnati, Ohio,
praying that Cincinnati may be made a port
of entry; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present resolutions
which I think have just been presented by my col-
league, also from the Legislature of the State of
California, in reference to the lands heretofore
withdrawn for or in consequence of the South-
ern Pacific railroad, and asking certain legisla-
tion in respect thereto. I present these reso-
lutions now in order to give notice that I shall
offerabill, probably to-morrow, for the purpose
of carrying out the views expressed in the
resolutions. I move that they be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER presented a memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Alabama,
praying an appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor of Mobile ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of G. L. Randall, postmaster, and
other citizens of Riverside, Maine, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That J. Gt. Bigelow have leave to with-
hirf memorial and other papers from the files
of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. NORTON, it was
Otdered, That J 0*6 Mir aba], Antonio Fernandez,
yoneession Romero, and others, have leave to with-
draw their petition, praying for the confirmation of
jieir title to a certain tract of land in New Mexico,
'torn the files of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 861) to secure equal rights in the public
schools of Washington and Georgetown ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 362) regulating descents in the Territory
of Utah; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed. .
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 363) to prohibit the sale of the public lands
of the United States except to actual settlers ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and printed ; and in making that motion I wish
to say to the chairman of that committee that
I shall feel it my duty to press the bill to an
early vote.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 364) restoring to preemption and home-
stead lands containing coal beds ; which was
read twice by its .title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 365)
to secure to all persons the equal protection of
the laws ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 366)
to change the boundaries of the State of Ne-
vada ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 367)
to abolish the franking privilege and to estab-
lish a United States postal telegraphic system ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. STEWART. As that is a short bill of
only one section I ask that it be read at length.
The Secretary read as follows :
Be it enacted, <fcc., That the franking privilege is
hereby abolished; and the Postmaster General is
hereby authorized, after advertising as in other cases,
to contract with the lowest responsible bidders for
the construction of telegraphic lines over the princi-
pal mail routes of the United States, and to establish
a postal telegraphic system in connection with the
Post Office Department; and he shall regulate the
charges upon telegraphing so that the revenues of
the system shall, as nearly as possible, equal the cur-
rent expenses for operating the same; and the con-
struction account shall in no year exceed the chargo
upon the Department of the franking privilege for
the fiscal year ending June 30,186t).
Mr. STEWART. I move to refer the bill
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 368) making it a misdemeanor to lit
out or equip ships of war, or to sell or furnish
arms or munitions of war with intent that
they_ shall be employed in the service of any
foreign prince or State to commit hostilities
against the people of any province, district, or
colony who are in a State of armed insurrec-
tion against such foreign prince or state, and
providing for the forfeiture of such ship or
vessel; which was ordered to be printed, and
lie on the table.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 369) to establish an additional land dis-
trict in the State of Kansas; which was road
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to he printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 370)
granting the Presidio reservation to the city of
San Francisco for a public park; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
PnMr?WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 371) to establish post routes in the State
of Oregon; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,leaveto introduce abill(S. No.
372) to regulate the appraisement and inspecti o n
of imports in certain cases, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 90) for the relief of cer-
tain officers of volunteers; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 91) to authorize payment
for the loss and use of horses furnished by the
men of the first, second, and third Indian
regiments in the late war; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 92) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels of
war and steam machinery; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 93) declaring that no
State has power to enforce any tax or duty
npon any passenger traveling into, through,
or from, to any other State, Territory, or dis-
trict of the United States, and has no power
by contract with any corporation or individual
engaged in the transportation of passengers or
as a condition in any charter to reserve to
itself any portion or part of the gross receipts
from such passengers, and that it is the duly
of Congress by appropriate legislation to pre-
vent the collection of such tax or duties upon
passengers ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 94) for the relief of J. R. Clark;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 96) to place the name of
Charles Pendleton on the Navy Register as
lieutenant commander on the active list; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a join!
resolution (S. R. No. 95) as to the redemption
of United States notes; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask that that resolution
be read at length.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows;
• Peso¥ed, t&e., That the Secretary of the Trei<"irv
such'n^itS%TY''2d'rnd recluired to redeem in com
suen united States Treasury notes as mnv b^
sented for redemption, at the rate of one dollarin
com tor one dollar and twentycents in Trt^m'v
notes, and sueh notes so redeemed shall be used 1 r
n2 taterest iMho ° bt0nd/ ^theUnited S&Us bear-
gold 0 rat0 of S1X 1>er oent- Per annum in
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, that reso-
lution is intended, as far as possible, to fix the
maximum price of gold at 120. No compuism,,
