1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2579
Mr. HOWELL. Mr. President, I have this
to say in regard to that. It is perfectly clear.
Of course I understand that railroads cannot
be built in a mountainous country, in a wilder-
ness country, as cheaply as they can in a prairie
country and in a settled country. Nobody ques-
tions that. That is no point at issue here. The
question at issue here is whether it is reason-
able to increase a grant of lands which amounts
now to forty sections to the mile, which amounts
now' at $1 25 an acre, to $32,000 a mile; which
amounts now, at $2 60 an acre, to which all
the Government alternate sections are limited
by general law to $64,000 a mile. All the
Government land reserved in all these land
grants is raised to the price of $2 50 an acre,
so that not an acre of that land can be sold by
the Government for less than $2 50, as I under-
stand ; and of course this land of the railroads
will go np to the same price of $2 50 an acre.
Then we have $64,000 a mile for the building
of this railroad ; and against preventing the
selling of that land by the railroad companies
for over $2 50 an acre the chairman protests,
and everybody who takes that side of the ques-
tion protests most bitterly. I think that is a
sufficient and substantial answer to the ques-
tion put by the Senator from Oregon ; and
that is all I have to say upon that point of the
case.
Another thing has been brought up here in
order to cast odium on those who oppose the
increase of this stupendous land grant. It was
not only brought up by the Senator from
Michigan, but it was also harped upon again
and again by the Senator from Nevada, and
what is it? That those who oppose this land
grant do so in the interest of land speculators.
I venture to say that except in connection with
the railroads such a being as a land speculator
after the old type does not exist upon the face
of America. Such a being as a land specula-
tor belongs to the fossils which wore buried a
generation ago. Not one of them survives, to
my knowledge. As a matter of fact, when
they did exist, and when by the concentration
and the intensity of their efforts they were able
to enter a million or so of acres of laud a year
in this whole country, do you remember what
a howl was raised against them? Do you re-
member how it was said that they were keep-
ing the lands out of market and oppressing the
settler? Yes; they were monopolizing all the
lands of the country, and they were oppress-
ing the settlers and damaging their interests.
This was when they were entering only some-
thing over a million acres of land a year.
Now, at one fell swoop, these railroads take
millions of acres, fifty millions of acres, and
the gentleman turns round and says it is not
the people that are complaining; itis the land
speculators!
Mr. STEWART. How much do these land
speculators get a year?
Mr. HOWELL. I say that years ago, when
the great howl was made against land specu-
lators, they only succeeded in increasing the
ordinary sales of lands by a million or so ayear.
I did not go into statistics.
Mr. STEWART. How much have the land
speculators got in toto by the military scrip,
the swamp and overflowed lands, and the col-
lege scrip?
Mr. HOWELL. That question I have not
entered into.
Mr. STEWART. "Very nearly one hundred
and forty millions.
■Mr. HOWELL. That is a question that
did not enter into my mind, and I have not
studied out the statistics and do not know
what they are. I know this, however: that so
far as speculators are concerned that affect the
interests of the country the thingwent up long
ago ; it died out twelve or fifteen years ago.
Now, it is the railroad men that are speculat-
ing. They speculate not only in lands, but
they speculate in legislators, too. It has been
said, and charged from time to time, that they
even speculate in members of Congress. This,
as a matter of course, cannot be believed within
this Chamber, however much it may have been
bruited abroad through the country.
But, sir, while on this point in regard to
speculation I might say that I saw an article
in one of the leading periodicals of Great Brit-
ain some months ago which set forth very
specifically and upon very good authority that
two fifths of all the members of Parliament
were in some way connected with railroads.
They were either railroad attorneys, or they
were railroad stockholders, or they were railroad
bondholders, or they were railroad directors;
and these two fifths of the British Parliament,
it was said, were able to unite upon all ques-
tions affecting railroad interests and control
the legislation of the British Parliament.
We know that the railroad companies do
unite in the States of this Union. It is not
necessary to mention States by name; but we
know that they do unite and control the legis-
lation of various States which might be men-
tioned. It is universally acknowledged on all
hands, known, confessed, that they do this;
and yet, with that stupendous and anomalous
assumption which we have seen exhibited here,
those of us who oppose this additional railroad
grant are charged with- working under the
manipulation and influence of land speculators
in seeking to prevent the absorption of the
entire country almost by a single railroad in
the North.
I have no need further to labor upon that
point. It is one so plain, so apparent, so
clear, that no Senator will have any question
in regard to where imputations of influence
ought to be directed in this matter. I make
none. I believe it is for the interest of this
nation, not only of the country through which
this line runs, but of the country generally,
that these immense bodies of land should not
fall into the hands of speculators, of railroad
speculators, of railroad companies, to-remain
there permanently to be disposed of at their
option, in their own time, and at their own
price. Therefore I intend to go for every
measure of reasonable restriction that is pre-
sented either as to price or as to time, and in
doing so I want it understood that I am seek-
ing to promote the interests of the country ;
that I am not opposed to railroads, but that I
do not belong to the railroads and do not pro-
pose to sacrifice the interests of the country or
the interests of the settlers along the line of
these roads to the railroads or their advo-
cates, nor to be whistled down the wind by
anything that anybody may say in regard to
the matter in the Senate of the United States
or elsewhere.
I have deemed it necessary to say this much.
I may have said it in stronger terms; I may
have said it with more apparent feeling than
was proper or than was necessary; but at the
same time I regret that the course pursued
here has been such as to justify somewhat a
movement of self-defense upon the part of
those who have been thus assailed.
I might proceed to argue this question fur-
ther, but I see that there is great anxiety to
come to a vote, and I do not choose to enter
any further into the general subject, and did
not intend to do so when I rose. I merely
meant to vindicate my right to speak upon this
subject and to say what I chose in regard to
this matter, and at the same time to defend
myself personally and my State against any
charge of inconsistency or of hostility to rail-
roads or of ingratitude to the policy under
which the State has been so greatly blessed
and prospered.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed that it was possible we might get to a
vote on this measure to-day ; but lam satisfied
now, after having consulted with Senators, that
there are so many who desire to speak on it
that it will be impossible to get a vote on it to-
day. I propose before I take my seat to move
an executive session ; but before doing that I
wish to submit a motion that the amendment
I have offered be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) That motion will be
entered.
Mr. THURMAN. I move now that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 17, noes 80.
Mr. McCREERY, (at half past four o'clock
p. in.) I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thuiiman.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the amendment
be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this is a very
important bill. I think it is the most stupen-
dous assault upon the public lands that has
ever yet been devised; and 1 think that the
bill in what will be its inevitable effects will
be very much controlled and regulated by the
elaborate and important amendment which has
just been read. That amendment is lengthy ;
it is various in its provisions. They are all-
important. It has not yet been printed. I
know nothing of it except as it has been read
by the Clerk at the desk ; but I think that that
amendment ought to be in print, and Senators
ought to have an opportunity of giving it a
deliberate examination and fully comprehend-
ing it before they are called on to vote upon
it. I think it is due to the subject, to the very
important bill and that important amendment
offered to it, and to the grave public-land inter-
ests of the country, especially in that section
of the United States, that the Senate should
now adjourn and give gentlemen an opportu-
nity of understanding the precise purport and
extent of what will be the operation both of
the bill and of the amendment if the amend-
ment should be adopted.
I therefore appeal to the justice of the Sen-
ate. I want to examine this subject. I want
to examine the proposed amendment. I have
not had an opportunity of doing so. There
are other Senators in the same predicament,
who are somewhat indisposed this evening,
too, desirous to give their views upon this ques-
tion. I therefore, myself, again move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not. I hope the
friends of this bill will stand by it until it is
disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. When the Senator from
Ohio on Saturday evening asked the Senate to
adjourn, it was stated, I believe, by him and
others that they were willing to sit out this bill
to-day, if it was necessary to pass it. We gave
way that it might be discussed to-day by the
Senator from Ohio fully ; and knowing that
the Georgia bill is to come up to-morrow it
seems to me that wc ought to sit this question
out this evening.
Mr. THURMAN. My honorable friend from
Oregon has rather a short memory. On Sat-
urday afternoon I said to the Senate that I
wished to speak on this joint resolution, but I
was suffering so much then from something
of an inflammation on my lungs that I could
not speak, and I asked the Senate, in consid-
eration of that, to adjourn. The Senate re-
fused to adjourn. It was when I made that
statement that I said to the Senate that if the
Senate would adjourn, as 1 requested, I would
be willing to sit this bill out to-day, so far as
I was concerned; but the Senate would not
