1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4467
take from the people a privilege which is of
inestimable value to them.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I wish to
say a very few words before the vote is taken
on the amendment offered by my friend from
Missouri. The Senator who has just taken his
seat frankly avows that he will vote for that
amendment, in order to embarrass the bill. I
shall vote lor the amendment, not to embarrass
the bill, but because the amendment is right.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to explain?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. T meant by that that it
would carry the bill back to the House of
Representatives, the godfathers of this bant-
ling, who wilt certainly stifle it.
Mr. THURMAN. That is only putting it a
little stronger, and there is where I differ en-
tiiely from the Senator. Thefriends of the abo-
lition of the frankingprivilege, or someofthem,
liave appealed to the Senate not to amend the
bill because that would risk the passage of the
bill in this way : that if we let the House get,
this bill back into its possession, the bill will
be strangled, as my friend from South Caro-
lina suggests. Now, I do not think that is a
proper way to look at this subject. If it is the
deliberate judgment of the Senate that this
bill is an imperfect measure, that it needs
amendment, I do not think it is a proper course
on the part of the Senate to refuse to add to
it those amendments which in our judgment we
think ought to be put upon it; much less do I
think that it is becoming in the Senate to sup-
pose that the House of Representatives will
not, as it ought to do, give a respectful consid-
eration to any amendment that may be pat
upon this bill.
It is almost an insult to the House of Rep-
resentatives to suppose that if the Senate shall
put upon this bill such amendments as m the
judgment of the Senate ought to be put upon
it the House will take advantage of those
amendments to strangle the bill. That is to
attribute to the House bad faith in passing the
bill. The House passed this bill with but, sev-
enteen negative votes, 1 think. We are bound
by the respect which we owe to the coordinate
branch of the Legislature to believe that those
who voted for the bill are sincerely and at
heart opposed to the franking privilege and
desirous to abolish it, and we should give them
credit for that motive. It is impossible for
us to say that they will take advantage of an
amendment we may put upon the bill in order
to strangle it.
I say, therefore, that it seems to me the
plain duty of the Senate is to consider this bill.
If the Senate is satisfied with it as it is, if the
pure and simple repeal contained in this bill
is all that is necessary, then pass the bill just
as it came from the House; but if in the judg-
ment of the Senate the bill ought to be amend-
ed, I think it is unbecoming in the Senate to
be deterred from amending it under the idea
that the House of Representatives is hypocrit-
ical in its professions, and will strangle the
bill if it ever gets it back into its possession.
Now, sir, one word upon the main question
of the abolition of the franking privilege, 1
think with the Senator who has just taken his
seat that this so-calied franking privilege is
not the privilege of the members, but is rather
the privilege of the people; the privilege of
the people to receive their public documents
free, not th,e privilege of the members of Con-
gress to send them. But the Senate must
recollect that it is not the members of Con-
gress alone who have the franking privilege.
I have seen it stated that there are thirty-two
thousand persons who exercise the franking
privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. Thirty-three thousand.
Mr. THURMAN. Thirty-three thousand
persons. It is very true that the postmasters,
who are most of these individuals, are expressly
limited by law to the franking of letters on
official business; yet it is undeniable that that
privilege may be very greatly abused. I do
not, however, expect that any very great sav-
ing of money will be made by the abolition of
the franking privilege ; but this I do think is
possible, and it reconciles me to vote for its
abolition, although with very great hesitation:
if you abolish the franking privilege it is one
step toward a system of cheaper postage than
we now have. I think we can get a system of
cheaper postage by abolishing the franking
privilege. But just so long as you keep up the
franking privilege just so iong will it be impos-
sible to get a cheaper rate of postage. That,
consideration, and that almost alone, induces
me to vote for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Mr. CARPENTER addressed the Senate in
remarks which will be published in the Appen-
dix.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose there never was
a bill befoie Congress which everybody so
firmly and so completely believed ought not to
pass as this present bill. I do not believe that
there is a Senator who conscientiously thinks
that the bill ought to pass at this session. Every
person knows very well that it is going to pro-
duce great inconvenience. It will prevent the
members of both parties here, both the Dem-
ocrats and the Republicans, from advising their
constituents properly in the fall elections.
Every one knows that it is going to accomplish
no good: that it will reduce the expenses to
but a very trifling amount, and that it is passed,
if passed at all, under pressure.
I suppose everybody understands this reform
movement, which is without any particular
basis of reform. We are driven on against
our judgment. I do not propose to go in that
direction. My judgment is that the bill ought
not to pass; at all events, that it ought riot to
pass at this session.
One of the great difficulties in governing
this country is the want ot information on the
part of the people. The people as a general
rule are disposed to do right if they are not
misled; and it seems to me they are entitled
to ail the information that can be reasonably
furnished them. This is their piivilege, not
ours. It is more expensive to us than it is to
them, it is a tax upon every Senator who
sends out speeches of from $100 to £GOO each,
besides the labor he performs. That is the
franking privilege. Every one knows that
every day when a speech is made in either
House upon an interesting subject a list is
passed around, and Senators and members
subscribe for copies and pay for them and
send tliem to their constituents. Let that be
known. It. is not known generally that we
buy these speeches, that we send them out
and perform the labor of directing and frank-
in;; them. It seems to me if Senators are
willing to perform that labor for the purpose
of letting the people know what is done here,
no one ought to complain.
I have talked with numbers of persons on
this subject. It has been a subject of common
conversation since this movement has been set
on foot. 1 have spoken to a great many of my
constituents about it. I'liey all say that the
people are opposed to it. 1 have yet to meet
the first man who expressed, in conversation
with me, an honest opinion that this bill ought
to pass. They say there is a public sentiment,
they understand, for it ; they see it in the
newspapers; there have been petitions passed
around, and they suppose it is popular; but
they' themselves are opposed to it. ihat, I
think, has been the experience of every Sen-
ator. The constituents with whom each ol us
have conversed or corresponded all tell us that
they are not in favor of die abolition ot this
privilege. They want these documents. 'Iliey
want you to continue to send them. They want
information as to what is going on here.
This idea about reducing expenses is a great
mistake. Your contracts are nearly alt let,
and this hill will not vary them at all. The
bids are out,, have been accepted, and contracts
generally made over the country. You will
pay the same for the transportation of the
mails, whether they carry the speeches and doc-
uments for the next campaign or not. The con-
tracts will not be varied between this and then.
Why should not this bill be laid over, and
let us go home and see our constituents ? These
petitions followed us here at this se.ssion after
we got here. Let the subject lie over for one
session. It has been agitated before; and
when we went home to our constituents they
never asked us why we did not vote to abolish
the franking privilege. I never heard that
charge in any canvass. The subject has been
up every year for the six years I have been
here, and we have not passed the bill, and I
never heard it charged in any canvass against
any one that he did not vote to abolish the
franking privilege. Defeat this bill; lay it on
the table or indefinitely postpone it, and send
your documents as usual, and you will not hear
one word about it in the next canvass. There
are other more important subjects that the
people will talk of. They will talk oftaxation.
They will talk to you, perhaps, about the tariff.
They will talk to you about various subjects
that interest them. They will talk to you about
the great questions of reconstruction in the
sections of country where they are interested
in those questions. Other interests will occupy
their attention, but they will not make an issue
about our sending out documents to them free.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives need not be at all afraid to meet this ques-
tion. It never was a matter of controversy in
any canvass. Let the whole press call upon
Congress to abolish the franking privilege;
let our tables be loaded down every morning
with petitions; let all the artificial excitements
that it is possible to get up on this subject be
gotten up, and it will all fall still-born ; it will
amount to nothing. It is the same old story.
The fact is that this privilege has been a most
useful one. It has been the great arm of moral
power during the years of reconstruction. It
has been the means of informing the people as
to what the questions were and as to what was
done in Congress. It has been a means that
both parties have used. I do not propose to
deprive my Democratic friends of the pleasure
of sending out the speeches that they have
made here this winter. 1 want the speeches
that they have made against the fifteenth
amendment, and against the enforcement bill,
as it is sometimes termed, to go to the country.
It is due to them that they should go to the
country, Let both sides go to the country. I
am glad to say that the Democrats since I have
been here, although they are few in number,
have been exceedingly industrious. We find
their speeches everywhere. After they have
taken so much pains to put themselves upon
the record, I would not deprive them of the
privilege of sending that record to the country.
I believe that if our institutions are to be
maintained they are to be maintained on the
basis of intelligence; and I believe this frank-
ing privilege has more to do with informing
the people of the country as to what is done in
Congress than anything else. It is true that
in the large cities they may rely on the enorm-
ous daily newspapers. Rut the country people
read these speeches, read these debates, read
these reports, read the laws that you pass and
frank to them. In that way they understand
the questions that are discussed here. I never
heard of a man voting against a candidate for
| office because he sent him a public document.
I If it is a great outrage and a great wrong to
send that document free by a frank, why does
■ not the constituent who receives it get indig-
nant? Did you ever hear of such a case as
that? ,
I tell you, sir, the greatest abuse of tne
franking privilege is the immense amount of
time that the bill on the subject has occupied
this session, which ought to have been devoted
to more important business. I think the best
thin"' we can do is to dispose of this bill by
