324
THE CONG-REGIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
is contemplated ; but, if persons holding green-
backs prefer, they can have gold at the rate of
$1 in gold for $1 20in currency upon present-
ation, or they can beep and use theirTreasury
notes,,as they see proper. I believe, under
that resolution, if adopted, all the fluctuation
in gold would be between 120 and a lower
price in currency. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Finance, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
notice or a bill
Mr. HOWE. I rise to give notice that
to-morrow I shall ask leave to introduce a bill
more effectually to preserve the neutral rela-
tions of the United States.
hayden's geological report.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the uso of the
Senato two thousand extra copies of Professor Ilay-
den's report of geological surveys in Colorado and
New Mexico, conducted under the authority of the
Secretary oftho interior.
tout ripley reservation.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Ilcmlvvd, That the Secretary of War bo requested
to inform tho Senato whether, in his opinion, there
is any further occasion to retain tho reservation at
iort Ripley, Minnesota, for military purposes, and
whether it might not bo restored, with advantage to
the publio interests, to the body of public lands for
settlement.
artificial legs hob, disabled soldiers.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Comniitteo on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into tho expediency of making
some additional provision bylawfor die jjurcha.se ot
artificial logs for disabled soldiers.
removal Of hmploi'es.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on tho Contingent
lixpenses of tho bonate be instructed to inquire and
report who of tho old employes of the Senato have
boon dropped irom tlio rolls since tho close of tho
last Congress, and whether such ohanges have been
wado with tho concurrence oftho Vico President or
oi said committee.
sw5cie payments.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Finance be, and
hereby are, mstnieted to inquire into I ho expediency
ol enacting a aw whereby tho national banks shall
be compelled hereattcr to retn,in semi-annuallv the
tfolu mtorcst ptuu Ihcni upon thoir hoods hold by tho
Government to sccure their circulating notes until tho
amount shall reach a.sum equal to the amount how
provided by law to be held as their reserve 111 legal
tenders, and to bo retained as a reserve in place of
and as a substitute for legal tenders, that they may
be m condition at &omc iuture day to resume specie
payments.
BiUTISIE COLUMBIA.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following
preamble and resolutions : °
nfYh'o™™?1 ^ i!'al il i<J tho earnest desiro
0io TlniteSBnf,s.h Columbia to bo annexed to
„„!v "f Amorica, as appears from tho
leads'Kbw™ 0t th° pcople t0 the «"<  . '"eh
Tho petition of the undersigned, your Mojcstv's
most loyal subjects, resident in the colony of .British
m? ' ^ost humbly showeth :
orrhn^of°vrtm.iMa-te^ ,eolony from various
portions of j oui Majesty s kingdom and iU depend-
encies for the purpose of creating fop ourselves and
tion S PCTmanent homes and bctteiing- our condi-
that having severed the tie which bound us to
our country and abandoned the most sacred associa-
tions ol our homes, and having borne hardships and
nn?hlngS 1°"u™erable, we find ourselves after years
of labor and toil poorer than when we arrived dis-
heartened at t!ie gloomy prospects of our future and
ap.P.rpe,,Il<inslIro tor the welfare of our fa rnilies '
twodtwi, w,hlte P Pulation. which numbered
twenty thousand souls three years ago, scarcely now
amounts to eight thousand.
ruined? trad8'eonsc<Iueileo of the population, is
"That thecolonistsarereauired.forthe meresup-
port of the Government, to contribute the enormous
sum of seventeen pounds sterling, per capita, of the
population, while public improvements are unpro-
vided for and education neglected.
" That we are hardly able to pay more than amoiety
of £14,000 sterling, being the requirements of the
Government for this year.
" That the finances of the colony are consequently
in a deplorable condition, and that the Government
and the people are embarrassed and verging on in-
solvency.
"That we are almost entirely dependent on the
neighboring portions of tho United States for the
necessaries ot life, which are subject to heavy duties
on arrival in the colony, while on the other hand our
few exports are subject to such restrictive burdens
by the United States tariff as almost to amount to
exclusion.
" That unfavorable comparisons are made between
the colony and theneighboring American Territories,
and that we have lost many of our best citizens who
have found permanent homes in the United Status.
" That should no immediate steps be taken to arrest
the exodus and redress other enumerated grievances
the colony will soon become depopulated.
"That we look in vain for immigration from Eng-
land, as we are too poor to compete with the other
colonies for population, and also in consequence of
the great distance of tho colony from the center of
trade.
"That as our only connection with tho outer world
consists of an American steam line with San Fran-
cisco, our only chance of immigration is from the
United Statesunlessadireotsteamline with Panama
were established.
"Thatalthough the council of the colony,consist-
ing of two thirds of the officers, have voted for
confederation with Canada, it is doubtful that the
benefits to arise therefrom will bo felt for many years,
owing to tho groat tract of unsettled land between
the extreme points, unless a steamship lino with
Panama wero also established.
"That wo submit to your Majesty's gracious con-
sideration, as tho policy to bring prosperity back to
our homes, to wit: either that your Majesty's Gov-
ernment bo pleased to relieve us immediately of the
oxpenso of our excessive staff of officials, assist, the
establishment of a British steamship line with Pan-
ama, so that emigrants from England can reach us,
and also assume tho debts of this colony; or that
your Majesty will graciously permit the colony to
become a portion of the United States.
"That every feeling of loyalty and every cherished
sentiment of our hearts prompt us to cling to our
mother country, and to count as our best inherit-
ance our birthright as Britons. But all our com-
mercial and business relations are so intimate with
the neighboring American population that we see
no other possible help out of our present difficulties
than by being united with them, unless your Ma-
jesty's Government will help us as aforesaid.
t "That we know that tho objoet nearest your Ma-
jesty s heart is the welfare of our people, and that
no traditional policy of your (fovernmeut will inter-
pose with tho advancement of this object.
"That in this belief wo place our unhappy condi-
tion before you, convinced that your Majesty will
givo us a gracious hearing and adopt that course
which will bo most condueivo to the welfare of this
colony.
"That unless we can obtain populationfrom Eng-
land, a direct British steam line from Panama, and
an overland route from Canada, as tho only feasible
solution ot the depression under which wo suffer
&nd the incans most acceptable to the large amount
of English people of the colony, wo pray that your
Majesty will cause suc.h steps to bo taken as your
Majesty in your wisdom will deem proper for the
speedy ^transfer of the colony of British Columbia to
the United States. And should the prayers of your
petitioners be granted your petitioners, as in duty
bound, will ever pray, «fce."
And whcieas questions of difference exist between
the (government of Great Britain and the United
otates as to tiie boundary line between their respect-
ivo territories; and whereas tlie United States claim
tuat they have suffered great loss by reason of ves-
sels being fit ted out in British waters to cruise against
and destroy American commerce; and whereas it is
difficult to. calculate and settle in money the damage
dono to said commerce and tho Government of tho
United States by the prolongation of war. to the
great mjuryandsufferingof our people; and whereas
it is tho desire to establish tho most friendly rela-
tions with Great Britain upon a firm and enduring
basis; Therefore.
• That the Secretary of State inquire
into the expediency of proposing to GreatBritain to
include in any treaty lor the adjustment of all mat-
ters ot dillereneo between the two Governments an
article for the transfer of JJiitish Columbia to the
united States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the preamble and resolution are be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I have in-
troduced this resolution thinking that perhaps
it may lead to the adjustment of the difficulties
between our own Government and that of
Great Britain, commonly called the Alabama
claims. The importance to the United States
ot tue early settlement of those claims and the
nim establishment of friendly relations "with
Great Britain must be apparent to all. The
petition of the people of British Columbia
seems to open up a way that may lead to the
settlement of those questions. It would be
difficult, in my opinion, for the British Gov-
ernment to compensate the Government of tho
United States for the losses that we sustained
during our late war by the concession of any
moneyed consideration ; but the concession of
this territory, valueless to a great extent to
Great Britain, but which may in future years
be valuable to us, perhaps may be the basis of
such a settlement.
A great proportion of the people of British
Columbia are emigrants from the United States,
who went there during the early gold fever,
called the Frazer river excitement. They emi-
grated there for the purpose of mining. They
became identified with British Columbia to a
great extent, building extensive buildings in
Victoria, investing their money, thinking that
in the future it would be a place of great im-
portance. But since the gold excitement has
died away that country has to a great extent
receded in its prosperity, and now the people
look to annexation to the United States for
their future prosperity. In my opinion the dis-
criminating tariff duties of the'United States
against British products and against the prod-
ucts of these colonists must always keep them
in a state of dependency, and therefore it seems
not only proper but right that those colonies
should be annexed to the United States. It
would be not only an advantage to our own
Government, but I have no doubt it would be
a source of advantage to the British Govern-
ment, in relieving them of a large amount of
expense which to the United States would be
comparatively small. If it were annexed to
the United States it would be rapidly settled
and ^ occupied by the large population that is
flowing to us each year from Europe. I trust
that the resolution will be adopted, and that
this question will be considered by the United
States and by the British Government.
!j Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
'! the resolution.
;[ The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
;j will again be reported, omitting the preamble.
I The Secretary read the resolution.
; Mr. SCJMNER. Does the Senator propose
that that should be referred to a committee?
Mr. CORBETT. It is merely an inquiry.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Is it for refer-
ence, or the action of the Senate ?
Mr. CORBETT. It is for the action of the-
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the res-
olution be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
Wl n f° 0CCUPy time of the Senate, and I
shall be very brief in what I have to say. I am
very glad tliat the subject has been thus brought
before the Senate and to the attention of the
country. Many of us, perhaps, are not entirely
acquainted with the vast extent of territory
known as British Columbia. "Whether there
be any regular boundary established by law, or
even by usage, I do not know. One thing, how-
ever, is certain, that this region does embrace
all between the Pacific ocean and the crest of
the Rocky mountains onward to the north to
the Arctic sea, and I suppose, geographically
speaking, it would embrace also the region east
or the crest of the Rocky mountains onward
to perhaps Hudson bay, or the parallel of
Hudson bay, comprising in the whole an ex-
tent of country more than half the present size
or the United States, extending from the forty-
ninth degree of latitude north on to the Arctic
sea. Xt is in my opinion very desirable that
the public attention should be directed to the
condition of things in this region. I have been
informed, from a very credible source, that the
people—and there are not many of them, to be
sure -are very anxious either to be acknowl-
edged and recognized by the government of
