5412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
admit the State of Georgia to representation
in the Congress of the United States, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Howard, Mr. Hamlin, and Mr. Thumian to
be the conferees on the part of the Senate.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. ARNELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order, or rather I rise to a privi-
leged question, as I wish to make a correction
of the Journal. The Journal states that the
bill to remove the disabilities of W. C. Whil-
thorne and A. 0. P. Nicholson, of Tennessee,
•which I asked unanimous consent to introduce,
was rejected, when the fact was that I with-
drew the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is manifest that the
statement in the Journal is correct, and the
Clerk will read it so that it may appear exactly
as it stands.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Arnbll moved the rules be suspended so as
to enable him to introduco to the House to consider
and pass a bill to remove the disabilities of W. C.
AVhilthorne and A. 0. P. Nicholson, of Tennessee;
which motion was disagreed to, two thirds not voting
in favor thereof."
Mr. ARNELL. To prevent that result I
withdrew the bill. I should otherwise have
demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. It was so apparent two
thirds could not be secured in the affirmative
that it was equally apparent it would be a waste
of time to have the yeas and nays.
Mr. ARNELL. But I withdrew the bill.
The SPEAKER. To be sure the bill was
returned to the gentleman ; but the Chair must
still maintain that the Journal is correct. The
gentleman moved that the rules be suspended
in order to allow him to introduce the bill, and
not receiving a two-thirds vote, of course the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. ARNELL. But it was stated as a mat-
t.e-r of fact at the time that the bill was with-
drawn.
The SPEA.KER. The Journal is made up
in precisely the usual manner. It states that
a motion was made to suspend the rules, and
two thirds not having voted in favor thereof
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. ARNELL. In that case I should have
called the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman think
that in any way alters the result? If he does
the Chair will again give him the floor between
this and the end of the session to move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of introducing
and passing the same bill. The Chair was
under the impression that it would in nowise
change the result.
Mr. ARNELL. T withdrew the bill, so that
there might not be any unfavorable action at
that time. I shall renew the motion.
conference report.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I submit a report from a conference
committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 1604) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expen^esof thcCfovernmeiit
for the year ending June HO, 1871, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the Senate i eccde from the amendments num-
bered 8 and 12.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3,10, !
11. 13, 15, and 1G.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered 4, with the
following amendments:
On pagel, line seventeen of the bill, strikeoutthe
word "Japan:" and in lines eighteen and ninoteon
of the same page strike out the words "forty-two
thousand five hundred dollars," and insert in lieu
tho words "thirty-five thousand dollars."
And the Senate agree to tho same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the fifth, sixth, and seventh amendments of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the same with the following amend-
ments:
Strike out all of said amendments, and strike out
lines four and fivo of tile bill, on page 21, and insert
in lieu the following:
For salary of minister resident and consul general
at Hayti, $7,500.
For salary of minister resident and consul general
at Liberia, #1,000.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
samo with the following amendments:
Strike out the words proposed to be inserted by
said amendment, and on page 2, line twenty-three
of the bill, strike out the word "fifty" and insert in
lieu tho words " ono hundred."
And the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and asreo
to tho same with an amendment, as follows:
On page 5, line twenty-five of the bill, after tho
word "sum" insert the following words: "not ex-
ceeding $5,000."
And the Senato agree to tho same.
W. II. KELSEY.
JAS. B. BECK,
THOMAS PITCH,
Managers on the part of the Bouse.
L. M. MORRILL,
CHARLES SUMNER,
C. COLE,
Managers oil the part of the Senate.
The report was concurred in.
NAVIGATION OP THE POTOMAC.
Mr. McKENZIE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (tl. R. No. 2382) to pre-
vent obstruction in the Potomac river, and to
exempt vessels navigating the same from com-
pulsory payment of pilotage; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Tills COOLIE SYSTEM
■ Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following preamble and resolutions;
which were referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, and ordered to be printed:
Whereas since tho emancipation of the American
slave, and the elevation of our humblest laborer to
the full rights of citizenship, unscrupulous specula-
tors in human flesh have demonstrated the practica-
bility of fastening slavery upon tho nation in another
foim; and whereas to take a step backward is con-
trary to a sound and healthful public policy, tend-
ing to a betrayal of the people and the subversion of
tho Government; and whereas tho United States of
America, having ceased to be tho home of the slavo
or the field in which the slave-driver may pursue his
trade with impunity; and whereas danger may be
anticipated in the oiganized immigration of bond
Chinamen: Therefore,
lie it resolved. That while the people of tho wliolo
world are invited to come as voluntary and frco
men, to share with us in tho protection of our laws,
in our free institutions, and in tho wonderful advan-
tages of our wonderful land, it is against the genius
of tile age to bring them here in bonds for a term of
years or even months; that this traffic in bondmen
is degrading to labor, and will not be tolerated by a
nation of freemen, and must becheeked in its incep-
tion by prompt action on tho part of tho Represent-
atives of the people.
Resolved further. That tho Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor are lieicby instructed to investigate
the subject, including the contract or coolie system
practiced in various parts of the country, and to
report a bill as soon as practicable prohibiting tho
introduction of bondmen from China or elsewhere,
providing for the protection of those who volunta-
rily seek our shores in quest of free homes, and who
will, as speedily as practicable, adopt the manners,
habits, and costumes of our people, making it a
criminal offense, punishable by fine and imprison-
ment, to be a party directly or indirectly to any pro-
ject tending to perpetuate the barbarism of slavery.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the preamble and
resolutions were referred; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
SAFETY OF STEAMBOAT TRAVEL.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table the bill
of the Senate No. 716, to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses, for the purpose of moving a substitute
for it, by instruction of the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. CONGER. Then I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of taking up the bill,
agreeing to a substitute for it, and passing the
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is the regular order; that motion, as
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin]
well understands, being in order during the last
ten days of the session.
Mr. CALKIN. This bill has not had any
consideration by this House. It is a very im-
portant bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the attention of the
House for one minute while I state the neces-
sity for this bill to be passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to debate, and
call for tho regular order.
Th question was taken on suspending the
rules ; and upon a division, there were—ayes
49, noes 55.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the Speaker announced that the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I think it proper that I
should again ask consent to be heard a moment,
for the purpose of stating what this bill is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again ask
unanimous consent for the gentleman to make
a statement.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] objects to debate.
Mr. CONGER. I cannothelp it: I am now
rising on my own responsibility, and will not
be dictated to by the gentleman from Missouri.
I call for the yeas and nays on the motion to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is too late
in making his call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONGER. It is a bill of public im-
portance, and is more deserving of being passed
than almost any other bill before the House.
The SPEAKER. That may be; but the
rules of the House will not allow the gentle-
man to call the yeas and nays after the result
of the vote by division has been announced
by the Chair and acquiesced in by the gentle-
man.
Mr. CONGER. I did not acquiesce in the
result.
The SPEAKER. After the Chair announced
the result the gentleman rose and asked to be
allowed to make a statement, and the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] objected.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri interfered with me, as he often does with
other members of the House. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize the call for the yeas and nays as being
made in season.
internal taxation tariff.
Mr.SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways and
Means have directed me to report back the Sen-
ate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 2045) to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
with a recommendation that the House non-
concur in the amend ments of the Senate and ask
for a committee of conference. The amend-
ments of the Senate were considered this morn-
ing at a full meeting of the Committee of Ways
and Means; and a majority of the committee
bave come to the decided conclusion that upon
the action of the House on the question now
submitted will probably depend whether there
shall be any reduction of taxes at this session
or not. The committee do not pretend to say
that they would recommend a non-concurrence
in each of these Senate amendments, consid-
ered in detail. There are some of the Senate
amendments which, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, ought to be concurred in, and in which
a committee of conference would probably
recommend concurrence; but the committee
are satisfied that if we should report to the
