4468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
indefinitely postponing it. At all events, let
it be postponed until the next session of Con-
gress, say until the second Monday of Decem-
ber next; and in the mean time we can see and
liear from our constituents on the subject. I
make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vgrmont, in the chair.) The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. MORTON. Is that question debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I believe
that the public sentiment of the country is in
favor of abolishing the franking privilege. I
believe that that public sentiment is in some
respects not well informed and is not based
upon a true understanding of the facts ; bat 1
think it is very clear, from what I know of the
press and the people, that there is a general
feeling in favor of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege ; and, sir, there is in some sort a neces-
sity for Congress to act upon this question.
There is a public impression, and a very gen-
eral one, and in this respect 1 think it is almost
unfounded, that the members of Congress have
greatly abused this privilege. The general
transmission of free matter through the mails
is attributed to Congress, wliereas they are not
responsible for one fourth of the free matter
that passes through the .mails. For my part,
I can well afford to part with the frank, and I
prefer to do it, and it will be much easier than
it will be for me to explain why the franking
privilege to members of Congress should be
continued.
I intend to vote for this bill in its present
form if I cannot do any better; but I think this
bill is very imperfect and ought to be amended ;
and 1 invite the attention of the Senate to that
question, to the proper amendment of this bill.
In the first place, I shall vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Missouri.
I think that is eminently proper, whatever we
may say about taking the franking privilege
from members of Congress.
In the next place, this bill is imperfect. It
is not a candid bill. It is not too strong to
say that it is in some respects a*sham; not that
I hold the chairman of the committee respons-
ible for it at all, because he has taken this bill
as it came from the House. This bill does not
meet with his approval in itself. lie under-
stands as well as anybody that we must have
immediate legislation if this bill passes. This
bill makes it necessary for us to pass another
bill between this and the 1st day of July. My
friend from Minnesota wants this bill passed
in this form because he thinks if it is amended
it will not pass the House. I do not think so.
I think it will pass the House if it is properly
amended.
Now, Mr. President, if this bill passes in its
present form, on and after the 1st day of July
every Secretary, every head of a bureau, every
chief clerk, every Auditor and Comptroller,
every person connected with every Department
of the Government who has letters to write to
send abroad must pay his own postage, and the
postage that the Third Auditor would be com-
pelled to pay from the 1st of July forward
would more than twice consume his salary,
perhaps three times. These officials cannot
pay this postage. We must provide forit. We
must provide for it between thi3 and the 1st
day of July. Therefore this provision ought
to go in this bill. The bill is imperfect, because
it does not provide for what must inevitably
follow if it passes.
Why, sir, three fourths of all the free matter
that passes through the mails is matter sent to
the Departments or matter sent from the various
Departments of the Government. Less than
one fourth of it is sent under the frank ofmem-
bers of Congress. That is not the popular
understanding, but that is the truth.
Now, Mr. President, how will this postage
be paid by the various heads of Departments,
bureaus. Comptrollers, and so on? There is
no appropriation now out of which they can
take one dollar. They have no more right
now, or will not have after the 1st of July, to
take the public money to pay postage than
members of Congress have. They must pay
it out of their own pockets. They cannot do
that. Therefore ws must make provision for
it. Now, can we mature a bill and pass it
through between this and the 1st day of July ?
We shall have to do so. That shows the im-
perfection of this bill. It shows that this bill
ought to make provision in itself.
As I said before thisbill in this respect looks
something like a sham. Why? We pass a
bill here cutting off the transmission of all free
matter. We thereby gain a large amount of
popular applause. But we come in very quietly
the next week, not saying anything about it,
and without any petitions, and we make appro-
priations to a large amount to pay the postage
of all the Departments and to pay the postage
of members of Congress. You all intend to do
that, every one of you. I think I am author-
ized to speak for my fellow-Senators to-night,
that you all intend to vote for an appropriation
to pay your postage. But we shall get the
credit before the country for a time of having
cut off this privilege and of paying our own
postage, and it will take the people some time
to find out that we have gone very quietly and
made an appropriation to pay our postage.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
say one word there?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator will live
until he catches me voting for an appropriation
to pay my postage. If he does that, ho will
live to be as old as he ever wants to be.
Mr. NYE. That is only one.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Here is one more.
Mr. SPRAGUE. And one here; and my
friend Ross is another.
Mr. MORTON. 1 guess all have spoken who
intend to vote that way—not enough to order
the yeas and nays. Of course, so far as my
honorable friends have expressed their dissent,
that establishes it; but I take it that my remark
stands true and confessed with regard to the
great body of the members of the Senate and
of the House, that they do intend to make pro-
vision to pay their own postage before this
thing is disposed of; and they will do it upon
principles of justice. Therefore that provision
ought to go in this bill. We should make it a
perfect bill in itself; and then it would be a fair
and honest bill, and would make a correct
impression upon the country. Why, sir, the
Postmaster General contemplated that in his
recommendation for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. He never expected that we were
going to pay our own postage when he made
that recommendation which he says will save
millions. In his last annual report he says:
"It is not proposed or desired that Government
officials should be personally taxod for the trans-
mission of theirpublic correspondence. It is asked,
on the other hand, that every Department, every
member of Congress, and every other public officer
shall have a liberal allowance of stamps for postage,
subject to a proper accountability, and that the sum
necessary therefor shall bo appropriated out of the
general Treasury."
There is the recommendation of the Post-
master General himself.
Mr. HOWARD. What document is that?
Mr. MORTON. The last report of the
Postmaster General.
Mr. HOWARD. In which he recommends
the absolute abolition of the franking privilege ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; but at the same
time to provide stamps to members of Congress
and for all the officers of the Government.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will observe
that that is not embraced in any of the
petitions which have been sent to Congress.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE, No ; he did not put that in the
petitions.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not to be found in
the several million petitions with which we
have been flooded. There is not one word
about that in them.
Mr. MORTON. The honorable Senator will
please observe that I was not speaking of the
petitions, and did not intimate that this was
contained in the petitions.
Mr. WARNER. It comes from the same
source. ,
Mr. MORTON. Although perhaps it came
from the same source, as it is said. Sir, 1 do
not blame the Postmaster General so much for
sending out those petitions as some Senators
have done. I think there was a reason for it.
I think he was satisfied before he sent out those
petitions that the public sentiment of the coun-
try was that way,"and I think it was. But I
think it was a very ingenious movement on his
part to stimulate the action of Congress. I
think it has had that effect; and it shows the
sagacity of the Postmaster General.
Now, Mr. President, as I said before, we all
intend, with the exception of my four or five
honorable friends who* have entered their pro-
test, to make an appropriation to defray our
own postage. We intend to make appropria-
tions to pay the postage of all the officers of
the Government.
Mr. WILLIAMS. All the State Legisla-
tures do that.
Mr. MORTON. My friend observes that
they do that in all the State Legislatures ; and
it is said that in some State Legislatures it
becomes as ouree of revenue, and helps out the
•per diem pretty largely.
One Senator made a remark in regard to
the stationery. It was complained of two or
three years ago, since I became a member of
this body, that there was too much stationery
drawn, That, there was a great abuse; and so
there was a law passed cutting off the right of
members to draw stationery. But a few weeks
afterward there was a provision inserted in an
appropriation bill allowing—how many dollars
for stationery?
Mr. DRAKE. One hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; that sum
includes newspapers.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir.
Mr. MORTON. For stationery?
Mr. DRAKE. Y'es, sir; and newspapers.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Indiana, if it will not inter-
rupt him, whether the Postmaster General has
also recommended, and whether it is the in-
tention of the Senate, to make an appropria-
tion, so that our constituents can write to us,
as they now do upon public business, free of
postage'.' Are they to have stamps to send
their documents to us, or is the privilege to be
taken from them, and we save one half of it
and deny them their partin communicating with
us?
Mr. MORTON. The Postmaster' General
has not recommended an appropriation of that
kind, nor should he.
I desire to say one word right here in regard
to the Postmaster General. J think he believes
that he is pushing on a great and excellent
reform. I think he is mistaken about some
tilings in connection with it. I think the Post-
master General believes he is pushing forward
a great reform, and I give him credit for it.
Mr. TIP TON. I wish to read one sentence,
with the permission of the Senator from Indi-
ana, from the report of the Postmaster General:
"It is not proposed or desired that Government
officers shall be personally taxed for the transmis-
sion of their correspondence. It is asked, on the
other hand, that every Department, every member
of Congress, every public olfieer.shall have a liberal
allowance tor stamps tor postage, subject to a proper
accountability."
Mr. MORTON. I read that extract a mo-
ment ago. Now, Mr. President, there is one
abuse under the present system, in my opinion,
and I have always thought so. There is no
reason why persons writing to members of
Congress should send their letters to us free
of postage. They are writing on their own
business, generally. They are sometimes
writing for favors and sometimes oa business,
