2580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
assent to any such proposition, and refused to
adjourn. Then, after tlie transaction of some
more business, ou tile motion of the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] the Senate did
adjourn; not on my motion, and not with any
promise from me or from any one else that we
would sit this bill out to-day; nothing of the
kind,
Mr. CORBETT. I understood it was in Ref-
erence to the Senator ft Din Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. HARLAN. That amendment, I sup-
pose, is susceptible of amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. HARLAN. If 1 heard it read correctly,
it provides ior the sale of the land at $1 25 an
acre. 1 would prefer to have it amended so as
to read "not more than $2 50 an acre."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is ou the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, to strike out " $1 25 per acre " and to
insert " shall not exceed $2 50 per acre."
Mr. HOWARD. 1 suppose it is perfectly
well understood by the Senate that the effect
of the amendment is to subject all the lands
that the company is now entitled to under its
charter to be sold at §2 50 per acre, thus tak-
ing away from the company that which has
been promised to them heretofore in their char-
ter by Congress.
Not us I understand.
That is the effect of it.
The effect of my amend-
Mr. HOWE
Mr. HOWARD.
Mr. HARLAN,
nient, is not thai.
Mr. \\ LLSON.
1 propose, whether that
amendment is curried or not  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There; is an
amendment pending. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator irom Iowa to the
amendment of Uie Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WILSON. I piopose to strike out the
words " heretofore orin the fourth line of
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment, to the amendment pending.
Mr. WILSON. J wish simply to stato that
I propose to move my amendment when this
shall be acted upon.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that the question
shal 1 be taken upon the honorable Senator's
amendment lirst, and if it be adopted I shall
withdraw mine entirely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa withdraws his amendment tempo-
rarily, and the Senator lrom Massachusetts
moves an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out m the
amendment ihe words "heretofore or," so that
the terms of the amendment of the Senator
lrom Ohio will apply only to so much of the
land as is granted by this resolution, and will
not interfere with the original grant. I do not
wish to take anything of that grantaway.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I regret ex-
ceedingly that a bill of this importance, upona
a question of such magnitude, should be pressed
through this body as we see this is proposed to
be. The amendments of the Senator from Ohio
which have been read are necessarily but, imper-
fectly understood; and I feel that they are worthy
in themselves of attentive consideration, not
merely as connecting themselves with this one
grant, but as affecting a great principle con-
nected with this matter ot giving away to these
enormous corporations not simply aid in the
shape offends, but actually giving to them, as
was demonstrated to-day before the Senate, the
right of way through the land and the actual
property, the money which is to build and equip
the road, so that the whole matter shall stand
as a free gift by the Government of this coun-
try to a certain favored corporation. I cannot
but believe that if this subject were more
thoroughly ventilated and discussed the adhe-
sion of Senators to such measures would be
more rare than it is. I think it would raise a
storm of popular indignation and horror, rather
than the approval with which it ia now met at
the hands of those few men who are interested
in this matter as compared with the great mass
of the people of the country.
Mr. President, in this joint resolution there
is one departure in principle from the original
theory upon which alternate sections of public
land were granted. It was alleged by those
who favor such grants that by the retention of
alternate sections by the Government there
would be such enhancement in their value
from the improvement caused by the railroad
that the sales from the alternate sections would
more than equal the sales of all the sections
together should the railroad not be made. The
basis of that idea is that the railroad improves
the land through which it passes. That is plain
enough; no one denies it. But I ask, is it not
also true that the further you locate your lands
from the road the weaker does the force of that
improving principle become ? In this case there
was originally a grant of land running forty
miles on each side of the road, with a margin,
as I understand, of ten miles on each side in
addition to supply deficiencies. The present
resolution extends that area ten miles still
further on each side.
It is perfectly plain that the improving influ-
ence of the presence of a railroad will fade out
and die as you progress further from the line
on which those improvements are based. There
is no such benefit accruing to the country from
the retention of its alternate sections as was
intended when this system of granting alternate
sections of land was first introduced. It is a
maxim of law that where the reason ceases the
law shall cease; and certainly the reason has
ceased here, when you have extended these
grants of land so far away from the vital force
which is to give them any value at all. I move,
therefore, to amend this joint resolution.
The ^RESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment, pending.
Mr. BAYARD. Then, after that question is
disposed of, I shall move an amendment to
restrict this increaso of the width.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts t.0 the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. BAYARI). Let it be reported.
The Chief Clunk. The amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is to strike out of
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio the
i words ''heretofore or so as lo read:
And tho riKhts and privileges hereby conferred
upon said company, and the friants ot' land hereby
imido to it, uiti eonlorml and made upon tilet'oljow-
ijitfcxpt'iMseomHtious, to wit: lir.st, that I ho altern-
ate soetionsof land hereby granted to said company,
except sueii portions thereof, &c.
Mr. THURMAN. If that amendment pre-
vail the amendment I offered will then be worth
scarcely the paper on which it is written. It
will apply but to the comparatively small por-
tion of land which the company will acquire
by virtue of this resolution. I say " compara-
tively small," for though it will be very con-
siderable in amount, absolutely considered,
yet as compared with the grant made by the
original charter it will be small.
In opening my argument this morning I
staled fairly and fully the grounds upon which
I considered it perfectly just, perfectly legiti-
mate for us to require this condition, that the
lands, both those heretofore granted and those
proposed to be granted by this resolution,
should be sold to actual settlers and to actual
settlers alone. I have heard not one word in
reply to the argument I then made upon this
point. It may be that Senators did not con-
sider it to be worthy of reply, and therefore
have said nothing; but I presume that that is
not the case, since the forcible remarks of both
the Senators from Iowa have equally remained
unanswered. In other words, it seems lo be
tho policy of those who are in favor of this
measure to put it through without saying a
word. Whether prudence dictates to them that
the less'that is said on-this subject the bettef I
know not;1 but certain it is -that- so far' they
seem disposed to pass this joint resolution with-
out any thorough discussion, at least upon their
side. Now I think those who are opposed to
it have some right to complain of this.
I called the attention of the Senate this
morning to the fact that no petition had been
laid before the Senate asking for this legisla-
tion; I called attention to the fact that no offi-
cial statementof any kind whatsoever had been
laid before the Senate on this subject; but I
omitted to call the attention of the Senate to
what I should have noticed, that this resolu-
tion comes from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, on this great subject, without'one
single word of report. If the Senate had not
the facts before it, it was the business of the
committee to bring them before it;' it was their
business by an official report to lay before the
Senate the facts on which this extraordinary
legislation is asked. They have done no sueh_
thing. Not one word of report have they made'
to the Senate, except simply to report back the
joint resolution, asking that it be amended in
certain particulars; but why it should be
passed, what are the grounds that will justify
the paasiugof it, we are left wholly in thedark
and wholly to conjecture. Whether this cor-
poration has a dollar of stock, whether one
single dollar has been invested on the faith
of our previous legislation, whether it has
ever expended a dollar, the Senate does
not know. There is not one particle of evi-
dence before us to show how that is. Now,
how is it that it can be said that there is any
injustice in requiring this condition in this
state of affairs ?
What are the vested rights of which gentle-
men speak? This company undertook to do
certain work long before this. It was char-
tered ia 1864, and it was to do a certain quan-
tity of work within a given time. Instead of
doing that it came here in 1868 and asked for
an extension of time, and got it. Having got,
that extension it has done nothing yet. Six
years has it had this great gift within its reach,
and the first spade full of earth has .yet to be
turned up, if I am correctly informed.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 beg to inform the Sen-
ator from Ohio that the company have a large
force at work on tho line now, and that they
have been at work since the middle of Febru-
ary last—I think some four hundred or five
hundred men now engaged grading tho road
in the State of Minnesota.
Mr. THURMAN. That brings to mind, then,
a very curious thing, a singular coincidence,
to which I will call the attention of the Senate.
They have been at work, says the Senator, since
the middle of February. Just about the mid-
dle of February it was that this resolution was
introduced into this body, just about the time
they put five hundred men to work. ' What an
army that is to build this railroad of two thou-
sand miles in length! Just about the time
they put five hundred men to work this reso-
lution is introduced into the Senate. I should
like to know where they were at work. The
Senator says they are at work grading the
road. '1 his road is to start from Lake Superior
and run along the forty-seventh parallel, or
somewhere north of that, to the Pacific ocean.
What a nice time they would have grading in
Minnesota in the middle of February, where
the thermometer about that time is usually
from thirty to forty degrees below zero! How
much these five hundred men would work with
their picks and shovels there !
Mr. RAMSEY. I will inform tho honorable
Senator from Ohio that at this time our farm-
ers are plowing and putting in their grain, and
have been for weeks past.
Mr. THURMAN. Not in February.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the honorable
Senator from Ohio whether it is impossible,
