3524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
■caused this rapid culmination. It ia a fact
that but about one hundred thousand tons were
destroyed by the confederate privateers in all,
and yet it is a common error to suppose, even
among intelligent men, that nearly one fourth
of the shipping of the country engaged in for-
eign trade thus fell a prey to piratical cruisers.
To these several influences, together with
the absence of drawbacks, high taxes, depre-
ciated Currency, dear coal, and many things
affecting labdr and prices, may be attributed
the causes which have in the aggregate pro-
duced the present condition of our prostrate
navigating interest.
Such was the condition and prospects of our
navigating interests1 when the rebellion com-
menced : and what occurred during those five
years but hastened and completed a result
which the independentcircumstances to Which
I have referred had mainly contributed. So
much for the causes and origin of the difficulty.
What is the remedy? This is the most difficult
question now before the American people for
solution. It is not only necessary to under-
stand the diagnosis of a disease, but also to
comprehend what effect and relation the
disease may have to other portions of the ha-
man system. Ship-building, whether of iron
Or wood, Whether propelled by steam or sail,
is but one of the industries of the country, and
only one. It is a mistake to suppose that as
such it.has a commanding position over the
commerce of the nation. While I recognize
fully tnB necessity of promoting in every
proper way the revival of this industry, and
doing everything that is right in itself to secure
its prosperity, I cannot admit the high claim
which its friends assert of supremacy over all
others, ortb&Tth'e Whole c'buntryis dependent
upon its success. It is an error to assume that
even the commercial success of a people is
dependent upon their power to prosecute com-
merce under their own flag. However humil-
iating this may be to our national pride, in
view of our heretofore boasted supremacy in
this regard, the fact is nevertheless true, that
some of the most powerful nations of Europe
• liave grown and prospered without any com-
mercial marine whatever.
Take France, for instance. She has but just
commenced to construct iron steam vessels for
commercial purposes, having as yet scarcely
a y©f her own. The French line of steam-
ships between Havre and New York, which
are successfully competing with the celebrated
English Cfcihard line, are not of French con-
struction. They were built, equipped, "and
-'fitted out'entirely and altogether on the Clyde,
i« Scotland^ She has also efficient and power-
'ful lines of steamships to the West Indies,
South America, China, the Baltic, and to all
'the ports ih the Mediterranean. Her Steam
•tonnage has quintupled, and her foreign navi-
gation and commerce have doubled.
A large portion of this fine fleet of steamers
4s foreign built; but its use is not the less
profitable to the nation; and as a natural
consequence Of the improved condition of her
navigation, ship-building in ber own ports has
sprung up with vigor and success, and she will
soon supply her own wants with vessels of ia
jiaperior class.
• North Germany hag many fine steamships
trading between the iiorth of Europe and the
United States, sailing under the Danish, Swed-
ish, and Prussian flfl-gs, which Were all built in
England or Scdtland.
Austria, though a despotic Government, bas
acted on the same principle. An immense
empire, as regards territory, she possesses but
one sea-port of any magnitude—Trieste, oh
the Adriatic sea—and yet she has created a
com merce and a navy. Shedid not deny her-
self rhe benefits of these because she had no
ship-yards, iron-works, or facilities for- con-
struction. The Government dry-dock at that
port ig of American construction, being built
by John S. Gilbert, of New York, upon the
principle of his floating-dock invention. She
has a fleet of mora than eighty steamships,
nearly all of which are foreign-built, but yet in
successful trade, and contributing greatly to
the national commerce of the country.
These countries continue to watch vigilantly,
as heretofore, over their commercial interests,
and encourage and promote in every possible
way the extension of commerce under their
own flags. It is true that in Europe they do not
preclude citizens from the use of foreign bot-
toms. Here, by our navigation laws, we are
not allowed to hoist the American flag over
any but an American-built vessel.
I have said that ship-building in this country
was but one of the industries, and as it is but
one of the industries so is it a local industry.
The construction of vessels for our foreign trade
is confined to the sea-board, and its benefits as
an industry, like other manufacturing, to those
who are more immediately interested in it.
While it may draw its supplies to sortie extent
from the interior, yet practically its prosperity
or depression has little relation to the vast popu-
lation which inhabit the interior, except only
as it cheapens or enhances the cost of transport-
ation. The grain, cotton, and other agricul-
tural parts of the country, all of which lie off
the sea-board, look only to the opportunity to
reach a foreign market, and at the lowest pos-
sible cost. This, aside from an honest senti-
ment of patriotic pride which desires to see
and hear the success of American enterprise
in foreign waters, is the Only interest that the
people of the interior can have in American
ship-building. If their grain and cotton and
the various other products raised for export
can be carried to a foreign market at less cost
by foreign-built vessels, it is natural that they
should seek that medium.
People will not pay a high price for an arti-
cle of American manufacture if they cah pro-
cure the sWne article at a less price, even if it
is Of foreign manufacture. This is a law of
trade, founded upon a homely principle Of oar
nature, which is recognized and acted flpon
throughout the world by all people and all
nations. It cannot be expected that that por-
tion of the American people who have fto-direct
pecuniary interest in the construction of Vessels
will make any very extraordinary sacrifices for
the benefit of those who have. I speak rtoW
of the great bulk of the American people who
are removed from the influence and interests
which enter into ship-building. For myself, I
take a deep interest in the promotion of Ameri-
can ship-building. - I desire to' see it'restored
to its former high position. In my Opinion
everything that in itself,, is proper should be
done- to revive this drooping industry.
There can be no doubt that it is B Wide policy
for nations to do that which in ifeetf' will secure
their own material welfkre. The pfttsent ruler
of France has promoted the prosperity of his
people by adhering to this; principle With tena-
city. No better illustration of this fact can
be found than in his 'policy in dealing with
England. He saw the great advantage of free
trade. He opposed the restriction poliey of
French statesmen. He mot Oobden half Way
in the removal of protective duties and in the
establishment of free commercial intercourse
between France and England. Quick to see
the advantage which England had obtained in
the application of steam-engines to ocean travel,
he did not rejfeot this vast element 6f commer-
cial power, because he had no means within
his empire at the time to construct it. He bought
steamships of foreign construction, put thein
under the French flag, and thus made them
French bottoms. This was enlightened states-
manship, founded upon abro&dand comprehen-
sive policy, atfd based upon the best interests of
his country. The present emperor of Russia,
another enlightened and progressive ruler, has
acted on the same principle. Indeed, all Europe
are to-day using articles of American invention
and manufacture in every caSe where it is advan-
tageous for them to do so. They do not,' like
ourselves, reject what is necessary and useful
because it is not of their^wn construction.
In the United States, where we boast of supe-
rior intelligence and progress, and with a freer
system of popular Government, we discard and
reject the same liberal policy. We do not per-
mit an American merchant to purchase a for-
eign-built vessel, give to it an American regis-
ter, and sail it under an American flag ; the
navigation laws prevent this. This is not the
case with any nation in Europe.
I have stated the great preponderance of
foreign tonnage over American tonnage now
entering our ports. I am satisfied that at least
two thirds of this foreign tonnage would become
American property and the trade carried on
by it be prosecuted by American enterprise,
if the laws would permit. While, of course,
the effect of this would be for the time being
to depress still more ship-building in the Uni-
ted States, on account of our depreciated cur-
rency and the high price of labor and material,
yet it would much decrease the cost of trans-
portation of American merchandise abroad.
This' would act directly to the advantage of the
agricultural and trading interests of the coun-
try. The shipping interest would also be favored,
because, while home-built vessels might not be
so much used for the purposes of trade, there
would be a very large increase of trade itself
and of the business which would necessarily
grow out of it to those immediately interested
in navigation.
Mr. CALKIN. Does the gentleman con-
sider Hamburg or Austria a ship-building com-
munity?
Mr. WOOD. Hamburg is one of the finest
sea-ports in the world, and can construct ves-
sels. Austria has but one sea-port of any im-
portance—Trieste, upon the Adriatic. There
vessels cah be constructed. John S. Gilbert,
a New York mechanic, and a friend of mine,
constructed the floating dry-dock now in the
harbor of Trieste, which takes in and out the
vessels belonging to the Austrian Government.
It is true that compared with England Austria
has no facilities for the construction of ships.
No nation in the world can equal England in
such facilities. But, sir, our navigation laws,
which are founded upon an exclusive Chinese
-policy, directly antagonistic to the policy of
every enlightened nation of the world, stand at
the threshold of our harbors and prevent the
ingress of any vessel Under any other flag than
that of the country ih which she happens to be
registered.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether the commercial marine of England
arid of the United States did not attain their
highest point under the very laWs which he is
condemning?
Mr. WOOD. No, sir. The gentleman's
oWn report answers his question. The figures
which he embodies in that report show the
reverse of his proposition: that England, down
to 1850—and it was subsequent to that she
repealed her navigation lAws and opened her
CflmtnerCe to the world—showed not the con-
dition of things to which the gentleman has
referred.
Mr. LYNCH rose.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman will bave an
hour after the previous question is seconded,
and he Can take up that hour in explaining any
errors I may make in my speech. I will only
say in passing, before I leave this single ques-
tion, that any gefttletiian of this House may
go to Europe, he may travel in every psirt of
Europe, and he wilt find American inventions,
he will find the results of American industry
and American capital) they are not shut out
because they are American, but of eVery class
and every character are freely admitted. There-
fore, notwithstanding 'our boasted freedom
and superiority, we are! in some regards far
behind European statesmen in developing the
advantages and good fortune of Our country.
Bat, aside from these considerations, let us
assurtfe that it is essential and desirable that
we shall dio something in the way of legisla-
