1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5413
House a recommendation to concur in some
of the amendments and non-concur in others,
thus bringing up all the complicated questions
connected with the internal taxation and the
tariff, the consideration of these various sub-
jects in the House would doubtless occasion
delay; and after a day or two spent by the
committee in determining what they should
recommend, and other days spent by the House
in considering the various questions in detail,
the result would very probably be that no bill
for the reduction of the taxes of the country
would be passed at this session. For these
reasons, and with this explanation, I am in-
structed by the committee to report the recom-
mendation that the House adopt the usual
motion, which in this case will be regarded as
pro forma, to non-concurin the Senateamend-
ments, and ask the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference. I shall demand the pre-
vious question upon this proposition.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I trust the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] willallow
me two or three minutes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will yield
to the gentleman from New York. We have
heard the views of the chairman ; I would now
like to hear those of his colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have presented no views
in regard to particular amendments. If debate
is to be opened we run into the very difficulty
which I desired to avoid.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire only
about five minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I yield to my
colleague, of course.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. While it is a
fact that the majority of the committee have
come to the conclusion which the gentleman
from Ohio states, to report this enormous bill
and endow with the whole power of action upon
the subject a conference committee of six men,
three to be appointed by the Speaker of this
House and three by the President of the Sen-
ate ; it is also a fact necessary to be understood
by the House that it was only a bare majority
of a full committee of nine who came to this
conclusion ; and that on the committee there
are but two revenue reform men, so that of
course the latter must have had the coopera-
tion of a portion of the members of the major-
ity side of this House.
The Senate has changed the tariff part of
this bill by adding to it some unimportant
matters, and other things which in the main
are jobs ; jobs on corsets, jobs on ultramarine,
jobs on sword blades, jobs on wire, jobs on hair-
Vioth for the benefit of a few manufacturers,
j >bs on brimstone, jobs even on tombstones
'[laughter] by an addition to the duties on
marble. There has also been inserted a pro-
vision relating to cotton thread, which is in-
tended especially forthebenefitof afew manu-
facturers in Rhode Island and Massachusetts.
Kryolite has been added to the free list for the
special benefit of the Pittsburg Salt Manufac-
turing Company, which supplies the soap of a
great portion of the people of the western and
northwestern States.
I have not time to dwell upon these matters
in detail. Perhaps the best part of the bill in
its practical effect, though the worst in princi-
ple, is the concluding scction, opening thirteen
additional ports of entry, with an innumerable
army of appraisers, weighers, measurers, and
gaugers throughout the whole.eountry, for the
transportation of goods by various railroads,
the practical operation of which will be that
through smuggling the duties will be reduced
some twenty-five per cent. That may be a good
thing for the interests of the country, although
it is effected in a very bad way.
There is nothing worse in principle, Mr.
Speaker, than trusting ourselves on such im-
portant matters to mere committees of confer-
ence. It is clothing these six gentlemen who
may thus be constituted with the power of add-
ing to and talcing from $100,000,000 revenue,
more or less, involved in the differences on this
bill. It is giving the whole power of taxation,
more or less, in principle and in form, in sub-
stance and in words, to these gentlemen, who
are to be appointed by the Speaker, and who
are to be appointed by the President of the
Senate.
And one of the great purposes of keeping
these tax and tariff bills to the end of the ses-
sion is to strip from the Representatives of the
people the power of levying their own taxes,
and throwing that legislative power into an
oligarchy—that oligarchy being three men in
the Senate and the other three men in the
House of Representatives. This is not legis-
lation. This is not representation. This is not
representative Government. We were here ^or-
ganized for no such purpose. It is stripping
forty millions of the people of their power and
right to be repi'esented upon the floor of this
House, and giving their whole power to an
oligarchy of the House, not created by the
House, but by the political organization of the
House. In other words, it is throwing the
whole taxing power of the country iifto the
hands of a few monopolies, and contriving to
keep up these bills mainly to be adjusted in
the end by committees of conference, and to
come in such a shape that members of the
House who are not upon the committee can
know nothing about what has been done.
How will it come here? This long bill will
come here under a conference report stating
merely a recommendation on the part of the
House to concur in amendments numbered 1,2,
5, 0, 7, 8, 9, 10, and that the Senate concur
in 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, and 30; so
that under that mode of legislation there will
not be a member of this House who will kndw,
when we adjourn, what has been done, or who
will be able to tell his people of our legislation
in this regard, on which he himself will abso-
lutely know nothing.
Mr. Speaker, there is ample time for the
thorough discussion of this bill now. We have
too much time for the good of the country
between now and the 15th of July, and there
is not so good a way to spend that time as in
the discussion of this bill. Sir, the Speaker's
table is full of jobs, and the less of them we
pass so much the better, and the more time
consumed in the discussion and examination
of this bill so much the better for the country.
I trust, then, that this motion for a committee
of conference will not prevail ; but that this
will take the usual form of legislation in this
country; and that it will not be repeated here
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that we have no time to consider the
subject. I repeat, the House has ample suffi-
ciency of time fully to discuss this bill, if it
does not intend to pass a thousand other jobs
now on the Speaker's table. I thank the gen-
tleman for the courtesy he has extended to me.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a parliament-
ary inquiry.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me for a minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I have not
yielded to any gentleman.
Mr. CULLOM. Does not the gentleman
from Ohio think it better to concur in the first
amendment, striking out some thirty special
taxes? , T ,
Mr. SCHENCK. I tell the gentleman I do
not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to know, for
my own information and for the information
of the House, in case the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio prevails and a committee of
conference appointed, whether or not on the
report of that committee of conference the
House can reject a part or concur in a part;
or rather does it not have this effect, that we
have to vote it all just as those six legislators
shall dictate or take none at all? In that point
of view I concur in the remarks of the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield to me for one minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I yield to one I must
yield to all.
Mr. COX. I thought the gentleman had
yielded to me for a minute, and I was about
to thank him. I have not heard whether the
gentleman has yielded to me or not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I decline to yield.
Mr. Speaker, I would not occupy the atten-
tion of the House myself but for the remarks
of my Colleague on the committee from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] who undertakes to alarm
the House by suggesting that important legis-
lation will be settled in a committee of con-
ference. If it be so, we all know very well
that in the last hours of the session, or in any
hours of the session, but mostly at the close of
a session of Congress, that is not an uncom-
mon thing.
I have explained to the House the reason
which influenced the majority of the commit-
tee to instruct me as they did. The gentleman
has alluded—I will not say whether properly
or improperly—to a division in the committee,
and has said that the division was five to four.
I might explain the character of that division
so that it would be better understood by the
House if it were proper to do so. I think I am
privileged to say that the committee stand vir-
tually six to three. I think I am justified in
saying to this House that the minority or the
most of the minority represent those who do
not want any bill to pass or to reduce the taxes
of the country. I think I am justified in saying
that there are gentlemen in this House, whether
on the committee or not, who, if they thought
that either by a cent and a half or a cent and a
quarter on Bessemer steel, or any kindred arti-
cle, there was an increase of tariff or of taxa-
tion of $80,000, would find in that a reason
for voting against the bill which contained it,
although the bill in the main reduced taxation
$80,000,000. I speak of that which I under-
stand.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man has alluded to a member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. Does he refer to me ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will say that the gentle-
man, if I understand his position—and I do not
allude to him any more than to a number of
others in this House—is himself in that posi-
tion that if there be in the bill what he chooses
to call a job—and I suppose we are all about as
clear of jobs as others are—and if it increased
the tax or tariff a few thousand dollars, he
would find in that a reason for going against
the whole bill, although the bill itself reduced
the taxation eighty or a hundred million dol-
lars.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will state my position.
I am anxious to reduce the revenue $100,000,-
000, and I think it will bear that reduction. I
desire to reduce the duty on tea, coffee, sugar,
and other articles. I do not desire to increase
the duty on Bessemer steel. I am willing to
take $13,000,000 of sugar, but I am not will-
ing to take $3,000,000 of arsenic with it in
the form of Bessemer steel. I want the sugar
without the arsenic.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand it perfectly.
There is no proposition about $3,000,000 of
Bessemer steel or anything else. Bat the gen-
tleman has alluded to that which has sustained
his hostility to this bill all the way through.
It would be a very strange bill if every member
of the House was content with every item in
it. I am not and never have been.^ But it is
easy for a gentleman who is dissatisfied with
one item, or two or three items, to justify his
opposition to the bill by saying he meant to
prevent an increase, as he may aver, of a few
thousand dollars, although he thereby pre-
vents the reduction of $100,000,000; and that
is exactly what 1 understand to be the question
before the House now in all its aspects. Now,
sir, I am not of that way of thinking. _ I am
willing to vote for a bill, for this bill in th§
