187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
lands from actual settlers. If this bill passes
and the railroad takes possession of these lands
will h not have the right to dictate terms to
the actual settlers?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Without doubt; but you
must recollect that they come into competition
with tlie alternate sections of public lands held
by the United States, and lands which have
failed to find a market for fifty years at twelve
and a half cents an acre cannot be very valu-
able for agricultural purposes.
Mr. KERR. Is tliis land now subject to
location at twelve and a half cents per acre ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURDETT. Mr. Speaker, the lands,
so far as the State of Missouri is concerned,
which will be affected by this bill, I believe I
can say, are not fit for actual cultivation or
settlement to the extent of one acre in ten.
It was my fortune during the war to travel on
horseback with a large number of other gen-
tlemen over a large portion of this country.
It is sometimes called "the Switzerland of
Missouri." and sometimes "the Switzerland of
America." It is a hilly, rocky, barren coun-
try, with now and then a narrow valley, but at
present so far from the meansof communication
that at twelve and a half cents per acre men
could not be induced to settle upon it. It is
a mineral country; but as a mineral country
up to the present time, and until a railroad is
built, of no possible value, because it is too
far from any means of transportation to bring
anything in the shape of lead or any metal of
heavy weight into the market. There can, be
no question but the passage of this bill will
open up this country, although much of the
land is absolutely worthless and useless. There
is, sir, a little pine timber on the land which
can then be brought to market, which without
this railroad will grow there forever and be of
no use to anybody.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. INGERSOLL. For a question.
Mr. JULIAN. My question is this: this
House has adopted a principle deliberately in
these grants, and that is that they shaH be made
for settlers only in limited amounts and at a
price not exceeding a fixed maximum. I want
to know why that principle ought not to be
incorporated in this as well as other land
grants?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The answer to that is
this: the committee considered the fact that
this land had been in market for many years at
twelve and a half cents; many thousand acres
had been entered along the line of this rail-
road ; and it was in evidence before the com-
mittee that the land left unentered and belong-
ing still to the Government of the United States
possessed no particular value except for its
minerals.
Mr. JULIAN. I am told that the land has
not been in market for ten grears.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does the gentleman
from Indiana, as chairman of the Committee
on the Public Lands, state that this land has
not been in market for ten years ?
Mr. JULIAN. I am so informed.
Mr. BOLES. It has been excluded from
market under the homestead law.
Mr. INGERSOLL. This does not include
any of the exclusions of law. Every exclusion
made by the Government is recognized by this
bill. We have reserved every exclusion in
favor of settlers and States.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I do not see
W the bill the ordinary provision that the even-
numbered sections should be doubled in price.
Now, the whole theory of land grants thus far
has been that the Government loses nothing,
because the intermediate sections are doubled
in price. I see nothing of that in this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. They never would be
sold at double the price.
Mr. JULIAN. If I can get the floor I shall
move to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER., Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersqll] yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] for that pur-
pose?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not yield. The
gentleman has merely given notice, out of
order, of some intention he proposes to carry
out at some time in the future.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I should like the
gentleman to yield to me to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not yet I yield to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Boyd.]
Mr. BOYD. All that has been said by my
colleague [Mr. Burdett] I can corroborate
from my own personal knowledge. I have
been over the land, and there is not one acre
in ten, from the town of St. James westward,
upward of one hundred and twenty miles, that
is capable of settlement or cultivation. During
the war I was stationed for two years in that
section of country because it was then infested
by bands of dangerous outlaws who would issue
from the fastnesses of the mountains and make
depredations to a distance of fifty, sixty, or one
hundred miles in the agricultural portions of
Missouri; and when they got back to their
recesses in the mountains it was impossible to
drive them out. There is some timber on these
mountains, pine and oak, which would be for
the benefit of those going into the iron business
and the lead business; but without the build-
ing of a railroad or some other means of com-
munication through that country, by which it
would be developed, it may lie there for a thou-
sand years without inhabitants. You can travel
twenty-five or thirty miles among those hills
without seeing the smoke of a single house. It
is a perfect mountain wilderness, unfit for habit-
ation. As has been justly said by the chairman
of the Committee on Railways and Canals, who
presented this bill, the speculators from the
East and North who located all the good lands
in that section would not have this land and
pay taxes on it if it were given them. You
cannot sell the whole six hundred and forty
thousand acres for $640 to any man who has
traveled over that country.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a question ?
Mr. BOYD. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. If what the gen-
tleman has stated in relation to these lands be
true, why is it that this railroad company so
much desire the grant of them ?
Mr. BOYD. I will answer the gentleman.
When the railroad company build this road the
lands will become valuable, because of their
good timber, the pine and oak I have referred
to. And when the railroad gets into the State
of Missonri it passes through a fine agricul-
tural country. The people of Howell county
and other counties have voted bonuses to this
company if they will build the road. At pres-
ent in Howell county you can buy the best lands
.for two dollars an acre, as good lands as
any on the banks of the Mississippi, but so far
out of the way of purchasers that they are
comparatively valueless.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. McCormick.]
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. This con-
templated railroad lies, Mr. Speaker, through
the district I represent for nearly two hundred
miles. There is nothing along the line of pecu-
liar interest except iron deposits, which can-
not be improved and brought into use except by
means of a railroad. I will also state that the
lands in the State of Missouri were in market
for thirty years. The lands were then graduated
at twelve and a half cents per acre, and at that
graduated price the lands along this portion
of that district of country have not been taken
up. This bill proposes to donate only such
lands in the State of Missouri as have been
subject to be entered at twelve and a half
cents an acre for quite a number of years.
Now, the reason why it is improper to pro-
vide in this bill that the lands reserved by the
Government shall be sold at $2 50 an acre is
simply that the Government can realize no
such price for them. It cannot realize $1 25
per acre, even if the road should be built, for
any portion of the lands contiguous to the
road.
^ Mr. INGERSOLL. I must now decline to
yield further. I desire to call the attention of
the House to the fact that this bill only pro-
poses to grant six hundred and forty odd thou-
sand acres of land to this railroad company.
If all those lands can be sold for twelve and
a half cents an acre, you will have appro-
priated less than one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars toward this enterprise. The
Government has been endeavoring to sell the
majority of these lands for that price for the
last fifty years and has not been able to do
so. It is in reality a very small matter, and
hardly worth the time it is occupying the atten-
tion of the House. In my judgment a grant
like this to a railroad company is almost
worthless.
Now, I do not object, if the House think it
advisable, to the reference of this bill to any
other committee or to all of the committees or
to the Committee of the Whole. I care not
what you do with the bill. I have discharged
my duty in reporting it under the direction of
the Committee on Railways and Canals. It is
but a small grant, of very trifling value, and
yet if it should accomplish the object of the
corporation which is to be the recipient of the
grant, it will be a great benefit to the whole
country as well as to the people living along
the line of the contemplated road.
I now yield to the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Williams] to offer an amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to add to section
two the following:
And provided further. That the grants of land herein
stipulated to said company are made upon the express
condition that Congress shall have the power to regu-
late and limit the rates of passenger fares and freights,
when in the opinion of Congress the same shall be
necessary to regulate and protect commerce among
the States.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
that at all.
Mr. NIBLACK. We all understand that it
takes a great deal of money to build a railroad.
Now, if this grant is of such trifling value as
the gentleman from Illinois represents, what
is the use of giving it to this corporation?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think it is of
much use myself.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then it is a mockery, and
we ought not to pass the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. You can do just as you
please about it.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment to the second section:
Provided, That the lands hereby granted shall be
sold to actual settlers only in quantities not greater
than one hundred and sixty acres to one purchaser,
and for a price not exceeding $2 60 per acre.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I allow that amendment
to be offered, and I now coll the previous ques-
tion. 9
Mr. ROOTS. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow me to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. There are two amend-
ments already pending.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to move to refer the bill to the Committee, oa
the Public Lands with instructions ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 72, nays 80, not
voting 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Atwood, Ayer,
Beaman, Beatty, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham, Bird,
Buffinton, Burr. Cleveland, Cook, Cowles, Cox, Crebs,
Davis, Dickey, Dickinson, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Gib-
son. Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Haw-
ley, Hay, Holman, Thomas L. Jones. J nlian, Kellogg,
Kerr, Ketcham, Lawrenoe, Loughridge, Mayham,
