1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4469
and often imposing on members of Congress
labor, and there is no reason why they should
not pay their postage. I think that far the
law is an abuse, and ought to be corrected. I
have always thought so. And I think that is
true in regard to the Departments. I think
that persons writing to the Departments on
business, unless they be officials and write
officially, ought to pay their postage. There
is no reason why a man writing on his own
business to the War Department or to the Sec-
1 clary of State should not pay his own post-
age, just as much us if he wrote to a merchant
on business. I think that has always been an
error.
Before I conclude I wish to say a word or
two in answer to the argument of the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Slmxeb] the other
day, and the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Caui'IMti'.r] who has just spoken. I listened
to the Senator from Massachusetts with great
pleasure. His speech was certainly very able,
and showed great learning and research and
labor; but it seems to me he fell into one sin-
gular enor. While he was asking us to profit
by the example of England and to learn by the
example of England in favor of cheap postage,
he overlooked the fact that postage is cheaper
in this country to-day than it is in England,
decidedly cheaper. Postage is one penny there,
a tnere fraction under two cents; call it two
cents. Postage in England is two cents, and
in this country it is three; but in England ser-
vice, labor, material, everything that goes into
the expense of the post office department and
into the common business ofthe country, is at
least one third cheaper than it is in this coun-
try. In other words, two cents will go further
in England than three cents will in this coun-
try. Then, we carry the mails hundreds of
thousands of miles further than they do for
the same number of letters, because there they
live in a small compass, with a dense popula-
tion and short routes. It seems to me they
could much better afford to carry the mails for
one cent in England than we in this country
for three, and yet they charge two cents, to
speak in round numbers. I think postage is
cheaper here to-day than it is in England.
Mow, Mr. President, I am in favor of cheap
postage, and the time may come very soon that
we csu bring it down to two cents, and I shall
be very glad to see it done; but I am not in
favor of having postage free. The argument of
my friend, which was very ably put, was, that
as the War Department was not a self-sustain-
ing Department, and the Navy Department was
i-ot self-sustaining, so the Post Office Depart-
) ent should not be, and that letters should
' ■! cariied free for the general diffusion of
i iCwledge. There is no comparison between
i .e two things. You cannot compare the Post
Office Department to the War Department.
That in itselfis necessarily an expense, a thing
totally different in its nature from the Post
Office Department, which is in the nature of
business between the people. I have found that
many Senators on this floor embraced the idea
that was thrown out by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts ; but mark the great injustice ofthat
principle.
The laboring man has but few correspond-
ents. He cannot have many, in the nature of
things. Pie may have a dozen or twenty letters
in the course of a year, but the circle of his
acquaintance islimited from his position in life.
He has but few letters to receive and few to
send. But here is a businessman, a merchant,
who sends and receives five thousand letters a
year and makes money out of it. And yet,
according to the argument of my triend, those
five thousand letters should all be carried free
and paid for out of the general taxes, paid
for out of the taxes on the tea and coffee ofthe
poor man ; for these taxes do not fall upen the
people in the ratio of the number of letters
they send, by any means. In that point of
view free postage would be the greatest pos-
sible injustice to the people, because the num-
ber of letters men send, as a general thing,
depends upon their business and the lucrative
character of their business, or perhaps upon
the fact of their being literary men.
The argument of my friend from Wisconsin
to-night was that if you make the school system
free you should make the post office free.
There is no comparison between them. While
the number of letters is dependent upon wealth,
condition, business, andposition, I understand
the number of children is not. On the con-
trary, the poor men in this country I believe
have more children than the rich. That is
said to be a very remarkable fact. Education
should be free and should be paid for out of
the public Treasury; and the taxes will fall
far more nearly equal according to the number
of children gent to school upon each side, in
that case, than in the case of postage.
No, Mr. President, free postage would be a
great injustice. I am in favor of the diffusion
of knowledge, andthe cheap diffusion of knowl-
edge; but you can carr^ that argument to an
extreme. The argument of the Senator from
Massachusetts would make it the duty of the
Government to publish free newspapers and
free books for the general diffusion of knowl-
edge, because of the great importance of the
diffusion of knowledge. But this argument on
my part, as well as on his part, is somewhat
foreign to the main question in hand.
I will vote for this bill as it stands; but it
would be more creditable to the Senate to per-
fect the bill and to provide in it for those
things that must be provided for in a few days
in reference to the officers ofthe Government,
and also to provide for that which wo know
will be provided for—the postage of members
of Congress. I would prefer to make it a
perfect bill and trust to its passage.
Mr. YATES obtained the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Illinois
will give way, I will move an adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Illinois yield the floor?
Mr. YATES. Yes; sir.
Mr. WILSON. Before the motion to adjourn
is made I should like to redeem a promise that
I have made, and that is to call up a little bill
which nobody will oppose, and which I would
like to have passed to-night.
Mr. RAMSEY. I cannot give way for any
other bill. j
Mr. WILSON. But we are going to adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not necessarily. I hope
the Senate will remain here and dispose of this
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. There are a great many
amendments to be offered. I have three or
four myself, every one of which is debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox] asks unan-
imous consent to proceed to the consideration
of a bill. Will he name it?
Mr. WILSON. A joint resolution (II. R.
No. 302) donating condemned ordnance for
a soldiers' monument at Poughkeepsie, New
York.
Mr. RAMSEY. I object. Let us goon with j
the bill before us. ;
Mr. SPENCER. I suggest that by unani- I
mous consent the Senate agree to take a vote j
on this question at one o'clock to-morrow. I
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. THURMAN. You j
cannot do that.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY called for the yeas and nays; I
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we are ever going to
finish the bill let us do it now. [" Order I"]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas27, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Cole, Drake,
Fowler, Gilbert, Harris, Howard, Johnston, Mc-
Creeiy, Morrill of Vermont, JSTyc, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Robertson. Koss, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Viekers, Warner, Wil-
liams, and Yates,—27,
NAYS —Messrs. Borcman, Casserly, Chandler,
Davis, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Howe,
Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,' Sprague,
Stockton, Trumbull, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony,
15rowntow, Luckmgham, Cameron, CattelJ, Clonk-
lmg, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry,
iuanajan, Hamilton of Maryland, Norton, Patter-
son, Revels. Salisbury, Schurz, Seott, Sherman,
Xnayer, and Willey—2i.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 15, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butter.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS, WYOMING TERRITORY.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Territories, reported a bill
(II. R. No. 2204) authorizing the judges of
Wyoming Territory to define their own judicial
districts ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill provides that the judges of the
supreme court of the Territory of Wyoming, or
a majority of them, shall, when assembled at
the seat of government of said Territory, define
the_ judicial districts of said 'Territory, and
assign the judges who may be appointed for
said Territory to the several districts, and shall
also fix the times and places for holding court
in the several counties or subdivisions in each
of said judicial districts, and alter the times
and places of holding the courts as to them shall
seem proper and convenient.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CBNTllAL BItANCII UNION PACIFIC.
Mr. JULTAN, by unanimous consent, moved
that Senate bill No. 469, relating to the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company,
be taken from the Speaker's table and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DITCH AND CANAL OWNERS.
Mr. FERRISS, by unanimous consent, moved
to take from the Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 562, to
amend an act entitled "An aet granting the
right of way to ditch and canal owners through
the public lands, and for other purposes,"
that they be non-concurred in, and that the
House request a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRISS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WALTER J. LED.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 2205) directing
the Secretary of War to grant an honorable dis-
charge to Walter J. Lee, late second lieutenant
company D, twenty-eighth Michigan infantry;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CIIAULOTTJS IIAKBOE, ILORIDA.
Mr HAMILTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2206) to create a
port of entry at Charlotte Harbor, jLuoridaj
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce,
