1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
mc^r?*j.MoNe«Iy,Eliftklm II. Moom, Samuel P
>JAYS— Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell. Asper,
Axtell, Banks, Beek, Benjamin. Blair, Boyd, Ueorgo
M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck,Buckley. Burchard,
Burdett, Cake. Calkin, Cessna. Churchill, Clarke,
Araas# Cobb, Clinton li. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cul-
• lom. Donley, Dox, Ferriss, Ferry. Finkelnburg,
Fisher. Hamilton, Harris, Hays, Heaton, Heflin, '
Hoar, Ilogo, Ingersall, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexan-
der II. Jones, Judd, lCnapp, Marshall, Maynard,
McCarthy, MeCormick, McCrary, McKee, McKon-
tie, Mercur, Milnes, J essell. Moore,William Moore,
Morphis. Daniel J. Morrell, O'Neill.Packard.Paeker,
Palmer, Perce, Pomeroy, Prosscr, Rogers, Roots.
Sargent, Sawyer, Sehenck. Lionel A. Sheldon,
Shorrod, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stokes. Strickland, Taffe, Tillman, Iwichell, Aran
Horn, Voorhees. Cadwalader C. Washburn. William
1!. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, and Winchester—80.
ifOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Armstrong, Bai-
ley, Baroum, Benton, Boles, Booker, Bowen, Ben-
jamin F.Butler, Roderick K. Butler, Covode, Dawes,
Dixon, Dockery. Duval, Dyer, Ela. Farnsworth,
Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Griswold, Hale, Hawkins, ;
Hill. Hooper. Hotchkiss, Kelley, Kelsey, Knott,
Laflin, Lash, Logan, Lynoh, Morgan, Morrissey,
Myers. Negley, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Pol and, Porter,
Randall, Ridgway, Sanford, Schumaker, Porter
Sheldon,Slocum. Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoughtoa, Strader, Sweeney, Van Wyck, Ward,
John T. Wilson, and Witcher—59.
So the motion that the bill be laid on the
table was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question upon the bill and pending
amendments. *
Mr. ROOTS. Let me say that this road runs
through my district for a great portion of the
way.
Mr. COX. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not now in
order.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ingersoll] has consented to yield to me
to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment is
now in order, there being two amendments
now pending.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I hope the House will
vote down the call for the previous question.
Mr. COX. I hope this bill will be amended
until it is killed. I would like to hear the
amendments read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let the pend-
ing amendments be read.
The first amendment was the one submitted
by Mr. Williams, to add the following to the
second section:
And provided further, That the grant* of land
herein stipulated to said company are made upon the
expresscondition that Congress shall have the power
to regulate and limit the rates of passenger fares and
freights when in the opinion of Congress the same
shall be necessary to regulate and protect commerce
among the States.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question upon the bill and pending
amendments.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will modify my motion
for the previous question so that it shall apply
only to the amendn^nt of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Williams. J
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 35, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Telleri were ordered; and Mr. Williams and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tel-
lers reported that there were—ayes 85, noes 62.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the amendment
moved by Mr. Williams was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired, and this bill will go over nntil
the morning hour of to-morrow.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mebctjr in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the first special
order, being House bill No. 1169, making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th of June, 1871,
and for other purposes. i
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For life annuity to chief, per third article treaty
20th October. 1832, $200.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by
striking out the paragraph just read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For lifo annuity to chiefs, per third article treaty
26th September, 1833, $700: Provided, That satis-
factory evidenco shall be shown to the Secretary of
the Interior that the chief or chiefs provided for by
said articles are still living.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by
strikingout in the paragraph just read " $700,"
and inserting in lieu thereof " $100." In ex-
planation of the amendment just adopted and
of the one now pending I will state that thirty-
one years ago treaties were made with these
Indians wherein it was provided that certain
annuities should be paid to certain chiefs. On
an examination of this matter I find that the
names of the Pottawatomie chiefs originally
embraced in the treaties were Billy Caldwell,
Alexander Robinson, Pierre Le Clerc, Joseph
Lafromboise, and Shabehnay. The only one
of these now living is Alexander Robinson,
whose annual payment is $500. There is now
on hand a balance of $400, which was appro-
priated for the paymentof Joseph Lafromboise;
but as he is not living that money can be used
toward paying Robinson. Consequently the
appropriation for paying life annuities to the
Pottawatomie chiefs can be reduced to $100,
which is the sum proposed by my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For eleventh of twenty installments for the sap-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and for
pay of suitable instructors, per tenth article treaty
1st J uly, 1855, $2,500.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the paragraph just read " $2,500,"
and inserting in lieu thereof " $1,500." I will
state that I design to move in another part of
the bill the insertion of the appropriation of
$1,000 which I move to strike oat in this par-
agraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For eleventh of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer,
and aph}'sician, who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per tenth article treaty 1st July, 1855, $4,100.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "treaty," in the para-
graph just read, the words "so called." I
think, Mr. Chairman, it is about time that the
House should in some way indicate its repudi-
ation of the power assumed by other branches
of the Government, under the treaty-making
power, to make treaties with the remnants of
some Indian tribes now remaining in the west-
ern country: and I move to insert these words
" so called," as indicative of the sentiment of
the House upon this subject. I am not dis-
Eosed to discuss the question now, because it
as been discussed here many times heretofore,
but I want to get a vote upon the proposition
if I can.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, if I under-
stand correctly the gentleman's explanation
I sympathize with the motive which influences
him ; but I do not know that we ought to
pick out this little tribe in Washington Terri-
tory and say that their treaty is a "so-called"
treaty, while we allow the word "treaty" to
be used without qualification in all the other
parts of the bill. I think the attitude of this
House upon this matter is sufficiently apparent.
At any rate, its attitude is made sufficiently
clear by this bill, in which we refuse to recog-
nize any treaty made since July, 18G7. The
House, in a variety of ways—not only by our
debates, in which these treaties have been very
generally condemned, but also by votes — has
shown that for the future it is determined that
these treaties shall not be sanctioned; that we
will claim the right, as a large part of the
money-appropriating power of this Govern-
ment, to determine whether contracts binding
Congress and the nation shall or shall not be
made. But these are old treaties. This one
was made in 1855, and it has nearly expired
by its own terms. These old treaties ought not
to be repudiated in this way by Congress, be-
cause we have recognized them and appropri-
ated for them in these appropriation bills for
many years. We ought not to take any steps
that would be an entering wedge for this kind
of repudiation.
I suggested, Mr. Chairman, the other day,
in the general remarks I made on the bill, that
perhaps it would be a wise plan to authorize a
commission of philanthropic men to confer with
these various tribes of Indians, and if possible
induce them to relinquish the provisions under
treaty stipulations and substitute for them some
provisions on the part of the Government which
would be more for their real benefit, more for
their advancement and civilization. For in-
stance, in the treaty we have just passed, a
large coin annuity has been appropriated to the
Indians. I do not believe that a dollar of that
coin goes to the benefit of those Indians at all.
It is possible, without entering into any new
treaties with the Indians, we could make a con-
tract with these Indians which will inure more
to their benefit.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman talks about
repudiating these old treaties. I wish to ask
if the Government would repudiate our obliga-
tions under those treaties if we still pay the
annuities under them, and only say by this
amendment that we do not regard the power
of the Senate to make a treaty with a few
Indians, always feeble and wandering about the
country; that we do not regard that as a valid
exercise of the treaty-making power? While
we do this we still go on and appropriate, as we
have done for many years, under the supposi-
tion that this sum is fairly and properly due
them.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not consider the
insertion of these words would be repudiation,
but Isaid that I do not desire the House to take
any step that would look like repudiation. We
have recognized these treaties heretofore, and
they are now rapidly expiring by their own limit-
ations. We will soon get rid of them all by that
means. I should not like to have the Govern-
ment, after taking away the lands of the In-
dians and promising them these benefits in
exchange, to deprive them of these things. I
do not think the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has any such motive in submitting his amend-
ment, but I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Chairman, I hope the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will be adopted, and that we shall
at last come to a more uniform system in ref-
erence to treaties with the Indian tribes. Now,
sir, in reference to this bill I have no partic-
ular objection to make so far as the appropri-
ations are concerned; but if I have any under-
standing of this Indian question it places this
House in an inconsistent position if we adopt
it in its present form. Why? Because, sir,
in the first portion of the bill there is a pro-
vision which practically repudiates certain
treaties which were made on behalf of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. I had occasion
to say the other day that there is no difference
in any respect whatever between the treaties
repudiated in this bill and all the other treaties
with the Indian tribes made since the founda-
tion of the Government; and I desire to call
the attention of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Saugent,] the acting chairman of the
