1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5415
derived from any business, trade, or profession car-
ried Oil in the United States hy any person residing
without the United States and not a citizen thereof,
or from rents of real estate within the United States
owned by any person residing without the United
States and not a citizen thereof.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. In the event the House concurs in
the Senate amendment, will it be in the power
of the committee of conference to change it?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why?
The SPEAKER. If the House concurs in
the Senate amendment it will not be in the
parliamentary power of the committee of con-
ference to touch it.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us vote it all down,
so we will have no income tax at all.
Mr. SCOb'lELD. lftheHouse should refuse
to concur, will it be in the power of the com-
mittee of conference to strike out the whole
income tax?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule that
it would not be, as some income tax has been
agreed to on the part of both Houses. But as
the gentleman well knows, it has not been un-
common for committees of conference to take
great liberties.
Mr. SARGENT. If the House should refuse
to concur, will it not be in the power of the
committee of conference to restore the five per
cent.?
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be in the power
of the committee of conference to make any
report they pleased whatever?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule that
the committee of conference could make no
report whatever on the subject of income tax
for its abolition in case the amendments of the
Senate are concurred in. All the committee
of conference could do would be to raise or
reduce it.
Mr. RANDALL. What motion would be
in order so as to do away entirely with the
income tax ?
The SPEAKER. That is beyond the power
of the gentleman at this time. The House has
agreed to it and the Senate has agreed to it,
the differences being in reference to the time
and the per cent. All that can now be done is
to concur in the amendments of the Senate or
to reject them. If they be rejected, it leaves
the whole matter just as it went from this
House. If the House should concur in the
reduction proposed by the Senate, from three
to two and a half per cent., that settles the
matter, and it will not go to a committee of
conference at all; for the Hdbse concurring in
the amendment of the Senate, there will be no
disagreeing vote between the two Houses.
Mr. RANDALL. Then we who do not want
any income tax have no remedy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
any under parliamentary law.
Mr. COX. Except to vote down the whole
bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it not in order to move
an amendment to the whole bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the pre-
vious question has been seconded and the main
question ordered, and no amendment of the
slightest character can be entertained. The
House must vote on the simple question of
concurrence or noil* concurrence in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to suspend the rules,
so as to strike out this whole section in refer-
ence to the income tax.
The SPEAKER. That motion is m order.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it not in order for me
to move to reconsider the vote by which the
previous question was seconded and the main
question ordered?
The SPEAKER. It is partly executed, and
cannot be reconsidered. The rules will not
allow it to be reconsidered when it has been
partly executed. The question will first recur
on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr, Davis,] to suspend the rules to
strike out the income tax.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes 75.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative-—yaes 67, nays 117, not voting
46; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Archer, Axtcll,
Banks, Barnum,Bennett, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks,
Buffmton, Burr, Benjamin i'\ Butler, Calkin, Co-
vode, Cowles, Cox, Davis, Dickinson, Dixon, Fitch,
Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan, Griswold, Haight, Hill,
lioopor, Jenokes, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Lynch, Mayham, McCarthy, McKenzie, Milncs,Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Myers,
Negley, Kibtack, O'Neill, Paine, Potter, Randall,
Reeves, Rogers, Sargent, Schumaker, Seofield, Slo-
cum, Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stiles, Stone, Strong, Swann, Trimble, Twichell,
Upson, Van Wyck, Winchester, and Wood—67.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell, Asper,
Atwooil, Ayer, Bailey, Bcatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burchard, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Am asa Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Conner, Crebs, Cullom. Darrall,
Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Donley, Duval,Dyer, Ela,
Farusworth, Ferriss, Perry, Finltclnburg, Fisher,
Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Hoar, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Kelsey, Knott,
Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Mar-
shall, Maynard, McCormick, MeCrary, MeGrew,
McKee, MeNcely, Mercur, Eliakiin H. Moore, Mor-
phis, Orth, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peek, Perce,
Phelps, Poland, Porter, Prosser, Rice, Roots, San-
ford, Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, Lionel A. Sueldon,
Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, John A. Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Sweeney, Tafie, Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend, Tyner, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wells. Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson,
Willard, Williams, Eugene M.Wilson, JohnT.Wil-
son, Winans, and Woodward—117.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Barry, Boa-
man, Beck, Uowen, Burdett, Cessna, William 1.
Clark. Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb. Cook, Dockory,
Dox, Eidridgo, Fox, Gibson, Haldeman, Hambleton,
Hamill, Hays, Hetlin, Iloge. Holnian, Hotchkiss,
Johnson, Alexander II, Jones, Julian, Kerr,
Knapp, Laflin, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P.
Morrill, Mungen,Newsham, Peters, Piatt, Pomeroy,
Ridgway,Shober,William J. Smith, Strader, Taylor,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wallace, and Witcher 46.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. VAN WYCK stated that Mr. Cessna
was called home by serious sickness in his
family.
Mr. SWANN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hamill, if present, would vote in the affirm-
ative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
90, noes 35.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to reconsider the
vote. ,
Mr. SCHENCK. Wait a moment. I do not
understand that the motion to concur included
the amendment No. 3.
The SPEAKER. The question was put on
botliamendments—reducing the taxfrom three
to two and a half per cent., and limiting the
time to two years.
Mr. SCHENCK. They are two distinct
amendments; and I was under the impression
the vote was beiug taken alone on concurring
in the amendment of the Senate, reducing the
tax from three to two and a half per cent.
The SPEAKER. The question was put on
b°Mr. SCHENCK. The Senate made a blun-
der in extending one one year beyond the other.
Mr. SARGENT. My motion was in reference
to the third and fourth amendments. I have
no objection to the vote being taken over again
on the first, fixing the time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
reducing the tax to two and a half per cent.
The SPEAKER. Then that amendment of
the Senate will be considered as concurred in,
and the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. . , ,
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on concurring in the Senate amendment limit-
ing the operation of the income tax to two
years.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
52, noes 86.
Mr. SARGENT. I shall demand the yeas
and nays, unless the gentleman from Ohio
explains where the Senate have blundered.
Mr. SCLIENCK. It is simply this. It is
here provided that there shall be levied and
collected annually during the year 1871 and
during the year 1872, and no longer, &c., and
the levying and the collecting is in the year fol-
lowing. In another part where they come to
the tax on dividends they have changed the
language, so the tax on dividends and the tax
on personal income will differ a year.
Mr. SARGEN T. That can readily be fixed
at the next session of Congress. It is a mere
question of machinery, and we can fix it when
we get to that part of the bill. I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to enter a priv-
ileged motion, to reconsider the vote by which
the House non-concurred in the first amend-
ment of the Senate to strike out the special
taxes.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House again divided; and there were—
ayes 23, noes 115.
So the amendment of the Senate to limit the
operation of the income tax to two years was
non-concurred in.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment joint
resolutions of the House of the following titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 359) in rela-
tion to enlistments in the Marine corps, and
for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 336) for the
relief of Colonel Thomas P. McManus, of
Texas.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill and joint resolution of the
following titles, severally, with amendments,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1721) for the relief of J.
Alden Rathbun, postmaster of Mystic Creek,
Connecticut; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 351") author-
izing the Secretary of War to examine and
adjust the accounts of the late collector of the
third and sixth collection districts of Missouri.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill of their <jwn (S. No.
1021) in amendment of the act entitled ' 'An act
establishing a uniform system of bankruptcy
thoughout the United States," -in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H.
R. No. 974) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1871.
internal taxation tariff.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes, and the Senate amendments thereto.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry. Is it in order to move to concur with
an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not while the previous
question is operating. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] moves to recon-
sider the vote by which the House refused to
concur in the first amendment of the Senate,
which the Clerk will again read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As this is a very import-
ant vole, the sections involving a large reduc.-
