1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2583
from Michigan to say that at the previous ses-
sion of this Congress an alteration was made
in that respect. I was not aware of that fact.
I inquire of the Senator what that was.
Mr. CORBETT. It was as to the right of
way.
Mr. CASSERLY. The question is, how far
this resolution alters the existing law. It seems
to me, so far as I can judge, that it annuls the lim-
itation in the act, as it now stands, requiring the
Portland road to branch off at a point not more
than three hundred miles from the western
terminus, which is to be somewhere on Puget
sound. That is what I want to get at; and I
wish to ascertain from the Senator whether
he understands that the effect of this change
which he now proposes in his joint resolution,
taking the whole resolution as it stands, is,
instead of a branehrunningoff to Portland 
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to hear the
Senator. If he will raise his voice perhaps I
shall be able to do so.
Mr. CASSERLY. If other Senators were
not talking so much I think the Senator from
Michigan and myself would be able to under-
stand each other perfectly ; but there is a great
deal of noise in the Chamber. It rather shows
the value of these late sessions in the afternoon.
Gentlemen do not listen. They talk to each
other so as to interrupt nearly everybody else
who tries to understand what is going on.
I perceive by the joint resolution as it stands
that, taken with the amendmentnow proposed,
it annuls, it repeals by implication, the provis-
ion in the law, as it was enacted in 1864, that
the Portland branch should leave the main lino
at a point not more than three hundred miles
from its western ternffnus.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes,sir_; that is the charter.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the original char-
ter. Now, I ask the Senator whether it is not
the effect of this amendment to leave the com-
pany at liberty to start the Portland branch at
a point six hundred miles east of the western
terminus instead of three hundred miles. In
other words, whether it does not give them the
right to that much more road and that much
more land? What does he understand by the
condition in which the line to Portland is left
under his resolution?
Mr. HOWARD. That is a matter of con-
struction. I am by no means sure that this
resolution would have the effect imputed to it
by the honorable Senator. I should be in-
clined to think that it had not, but that the
company would be obliged to diverge in the
construction of this branch at some point not
more than three hundred miles east of Port-
land. That would be the construction I should
give to it.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator from
Michigan think that if this resolution passes
tho main line must diverge down the Colum-
bia river at the same point at which the branch
would diverge under the original charter ?
Mr. HOWARD. I think that would be the
construction to be given to the two acts taken
together, the charter and the present resolu-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. That is quite possible,
and yet it is very ambiguous ; and if that pro-
vision were wise in the original charter would
it not be well to amend this joint resolution so
as not to leave any room for such ambiguity?
Mr. IIOWARD. I do not think there is
any ambiguity about it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment last proposed by the Senator from Michi-
gan reported again by the Secretary.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It will be
again reported.
The Secretary. The amendment is in line
sixteen, to strike out the words " its western
termi nus," and to insert the words " some point
on Puget sound."
Mr. CASSERLY. I see that particular
amendment is not very material. I reserve
the other question for a future stage of the
debate.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. In the thirtieth line, after
the word "branch," I move the following
amendment as a continuation of the sentence:
To the amountof tho lands that have been granted,
sold, reserved, occupied by homestead settlors, or
preempted, or otherwise disposed of subsequent to
the passago of the act of July 2,1864.
The effect of this amendment is to make the
grant entire, fieither increasing nor diminish-
ing it.
Mr. HOWARD. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to strike out
in the fifteenth line the words " and the
amendments thereto," so as to make it sure
that this new line, which is to pass from Port-
land to Puget sound, will be entitled to the
subsidy in lands; otherwise it might'leave it
very uncertain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now renew the amend-
ment that I moved the other day. I ask to
have it read.
The Secretary. The amendment is to in-
sert after the word " branch," in the thirtieth
line, or rather after the amendment which has
just been inserted after the word "branch,"
in the thirtieth line, the following :
And tho additional alternate sections of land
granted by this resolution shall bo sold by tho com-
pany only to actual settlers in quantities not exceed-
ing one hundred and sixty acres, or yuarter section,
to any one settlor, and at prices not exceeding S2 50
per acre.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not propose to take up
a moment of the time of the Senate, but simply
to say that I believe the grants of lauds to rail-
ways have brought lands to the landless, and
that there are thousands of farms in the coun-
try now that would not have been if that policy
had not been adopted. But we are granting and
asked to grant now vast quantities of land, and
I propose to vote for no new land grants that
do not require those lands to be sold to actual
settlers at a price not exceeding $2 60, I be-
lieve it to be for the interests of the road, for
the interests of tho landless men of the coun-
try, and for the good of the whole country.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the amend-
ment be again read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that this
does not interfere with anything that we have
done | wa maintain our truth and faith; but it
applies simply to the additional land granted
by this resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me ask the Senator
from Massachusetts—I did not notice the lan-
guage—does this amendment fix arbitrarily the
price of $2 50?
Mr. WILSON. It says the lands shall be
sold at a price not to exceed $2 50 per acre.
Mr. POMEROY. The even sections are
open to preemption. This amendment will
not work well under this grant. It says that
the company shall not sell at a higher price
than $2 50 ; but all the even sections are open
to preemption and settlement.
Mr. WILSON. This is to open these lands
to actual settlers, but they have got to be sold
at a'price not to exceed $2 50.
Mr. POMEROY. They cannot be open to
settlers if the company get the patents.
Mr. WILSON. Tho company is to sell its
lands under this amendment at not to exceed
$2 50, and it ought to be made to do so.
Lands ought not to be held by these large
corporations or private landholders in great
masses. The policy of the amendment, I think,
is a sound one.
Mr. POMEROY. As it now stands, this
resolution does not increase tie grant. There
is not an acre in it move than there was before.
Mr. WILSON. But you give them new
lands.
Mr. POMEROY. They may get some new
lands, but it is no new grant and no addition
to the grant.
Mr. TIPTON. I may as well say now as at
any other time, and the Senate may as well
hear it now Us at any other time, that I have
been permitted by the Committee on Public
Lands to report a bill for a road in the State
of Nebraska; and in that bill we have provided
that the company receiving the grant shall not
sell the lands to any persons but settlers, or in
larger quantities than one hundred and sixty
acres to each, and at a price not to exceed
$2 50 per acre; and then we finished the mat-
ter by saying that—
The sections of land which shall remain to the
United States within the limits of the grant shall be
sold at $2 50 por acre, to actual settlers only, and in
quantities not greater than ono hundred and sixty
acres to any ono person, under such regulations and
restrictions, &c.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is, you give the word
of promise to the ear and break it to the hope.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ne-
braska is mistaken in that respect. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands did agree that they
should sell at an average not to exceed $2 50
per acre; but the company have the right to
average the price in the bill to which the Sen-
ator from Nebraska refers. It is not an arbi-
trary price of $2 50 per acre.
Mr. TIPTON. "In quantities of not more
than one hundred and sixty acres to any one
person."
Mr. POMEROY. "And at an average price
of $2 50 per acre."
Mr. TIPTON. That is so.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is undoubtedly a
step in the right direction, and the views which
he has expressed so briefly seem to me emi-
nently right. I had prepared au amendment
which, if this should not be adopted, I proposed
to offer, which provides for averaging the prices
at which the railroad company shall be allowed
to sell this land. It is a proposition which has
been before the Senate a number of days as an
amendment proposed by thejunior Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Howell] to what is known as the
Dakota bill. This amendment I have modified
so as to make it apply to the existing stale of
the law in reference to this road, and I shall
offer this amendment, which contains clauses
for making this average in a manner that shall
be just to the road and just to the settlers, in
case the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts shall not be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. COLE. One objection occurs to me to
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, which I think will govern my vote in
the case. I can see no good reason for apply-
ing this rule to a part of the land and not to
the whole of the land. I can see no good
reason why, if the rule be a good one, it should
not be applied to the whole, and if it is not
good I do not know why it should be applied
to any portion of the land. I think the sense
of the Senate is against restricting the price
of lands that are donated to railroad compa-
nies ; and if that is the sense of the Senatel
think there should be no application of this
rule to any small portion of the land or any
considerable portion of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques- ,
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts what is to
be the construction of the term "actual set-
tlers;" what does he mean by that? What is
his intention? ,
Mr. WILSON. I mean precisely what we
always mean wheu we talk about the lands
going into the hands of actual settlers, the
persons who settle on the lands and occupy
them. I think a person ought to be required
to settle at least two years to obtam them.
Mr HARLAN. I understand the honor-
