1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1639
Committee on Appropriations, to that state*
ment. Why select out these treaties instead
of selecting out those under which we are
making appropriations in this bill? They
were made by General Sherman, as chairman
of th« commission, and I have yet to learn
any fraud or chicanery has been charged as
connected with their negotiation or ratification.
On the contrary, they stand on quite as firm a
basis as any under which appropriations are
made in this bill. I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania be-
cause it brings us at last to a uniform system
and makes our action on the whole bill con-
sistent.
This House has repeatedly declared—once
by a unanimous vote with reference to the
Osage treaty in the Fortieth Congress—that
the Senate of the United States has no power
under the Constitution and laws to negotiate
treaties of this character. Nearly all these
treaties to which these proposed appropria-
tions have reference have ceded public lands,
have assumed to dispose of public lands, and
to change the status of public lands, and are
as objectionable in that respect as the treaty to
which I have referred. What I for one desire
is that the Government shall, by the action of
Congress, establish a consistent policy which
shall stand the test of actual working; a policy
which is right toward the Indians and which
we can maintain in our future management of
Indian affairs. It was stated in the debate the
other day that this bill established a new policy.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to find fault with
the Committee on Appropriations, because I
believe they have done the best they could
under the circnmstances. But yet I fail to see
wherein and in what manner their new policy
appears in the provisions of this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, having examined this subject in the dis-
charge of my duties as a member of the last
Congress, and having in this Congress during
the spring session, as gentlemen will remem-
ber, proposed to the House a joint resolution,
which was passed through the House and went
to the Seuate, providing a plan by which all
these treaties and all the other Indian ques-
tions may be settled jointly, which resolution
is not yet agreed to by the Senate, inasmuch
as by adopting it they would give up the treaty-
making power, I desire again to recall to the
attention of members of this House the fact
that last year, standing on this proposition, we
refused the last Indian appropriation bill be-
cause we would not consent to give effect to
these treaties any longer, and for this reason,
that a treaty with any nation only exists so
long as the nation exists. Now, by the four-
teenth amendment every man born or natural-
ized in the United States or within the juris-
diction of the United States becomes a citizen
of the United States. I believe that brings all
these treaties to an end if they were not at an
end before.
I believe the whole system of treaty making
with the Indians is now unconstitutional and
void. In order to make a treaty there must be a
people to*make a treaty with. No doubt the
Senate may make such treaties and ratify such
treaties as they please. But it is very clear that
if they pretend to make a treaty with a people
or body of people who are a part of our own
people such an act would be simply void, and
all treaties of that description become void.
Therefore, while I desire to carry out in good
faith our former agreements with the Indians
I desire that we put out of our legislation any
recognition of these supposed treaties.
Mr. SARGENT. The lecture which has
been read to the Committee on Appropriations
by the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke]
seems to me particularly inappropriate as com-
ing from that gentleman. As chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs he has had the
general charge of the Indian question, and up
to this moment he has made no suggestion to
this House as to the course of treatment to be
pursued toward the Indian tribes in future.
Mr. CLARKE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. CLARKE. The gentleman surely can-
not have forgotten that at the very moment
when this bill was brought before the House I
offered an amendment, which was ruled out of
order, which was intended to settle once and
forever this whole treaty business, and the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] argued
against it.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman brought
up his amendment out of order. There was a
time and place for him to be in order and to
present his proposition for the consideration of
the House, when there would have been ample
time to discuss it. The gentleman says there
is no difference between the treaties negotiated
before July, 1867, and those negotiated subse-
quently. There is this broad difference: this
House had refused to appropriate one cent for
carrying out the treaties negotiated since July,
1867. But the treaties recognized in this bill
have been ratified by this House by one appro-
priation made after another. The very bill
which was introduced at the time the House
took its stand on the treaties of July, 1867,
has been largely followed by the bill under the
consideration of the committee. But we have
gone further and eliminated from this bill many
matters which were not absolutely necessary
even if these treaties were considered as bind-
ing on the Government.
Now, I have no particular desire that the
word "treaty" should be retained. I think
myself it would be very much better for us if
it had never had an existence in our Indian
policy. As I said the other day, I think human
ingenuity could not devise a policy more full
of mischief to the Indians, one that would leave
them more at the mercy of sharpers, or one
more calculated to take large sums of money
improperly from the Treasury than this very
treaty system. But we have circumscribed
it now; it certainly cannot extend itself in
spite of this House. Good faith, however,
requires that in the case of those tribes with
which we have had treaties or agreements in
the past we should make appropiations until
those treatiesoragreements expire by their own
limitation. That is the view of the Committee
on Appropriations. If there is a purpose to
change this policy let the gentleman from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Clarke,] under the authority of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, bring forward
a well-considered bill, and I, for one, will
give him patient attention on such a proposi-
tion.
There is another difference between the
treaties made in 1867 and those made before that
time, and that is in the objects contemplated.
I undertake to say that in no treaty ever made
with the Indians before those made by the
Indian commission were there such absurd
provisions inserted, such curious and strange
articles to be furnished to the Indians. Pro-
vision was made that Indians roaming at large,
and who were not intended to be placed upon
reservations, should receive annuities. The
expenditures under that commission were most
enormous. I call the attention of the commit-
tee to the fact that under the lead of General
Harney the whole amount originally appropri-
ated by Congress was expended. Last year
we made an appropriation of $500,000 more,
which was also consumed. At our session in
the spring $99,000 more was appropriated for
a deficiency, and then the Department comes
in here again with a deficiency of between one
and two hundred thousand dollars. These
provident gentlemen made treaties on the same
scale of extravagance. I am inclined to be-
lieve that it would be cheaper to board the
Indians at the Fifth Avenue Hotel than to carry
out for their benefit the scale of expenditures
inaugurated by the commission.
I want to say further that there is no pro-
priety in selecting this little tribe in Washing-
ton Territory ana their agreement for a few
hundred dollars, and putting before th® word
"treaty" the words "so called," leaving the
Cherokees, the Chickasaws, and other tribes
that we have passed over, their treaty annui-
ties. They ought all to be treated alike, and
I therefore oppose the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The difference between
the gentleman who represents the Committee
on Appropriations and myself in regard to
this amendment is a small one. I make 110
reflection upon the committee. On the con-
trary, I indorse them. They have done just
what they ought to have done under the cir-
cumstances. I think the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia and myself agree as to the impropriety
of managing the Indians and disposing of
the public domain through the treaty-making
power. That power now assumes not only to
control the persons of all the Indians, but to
control the disposition of all the public lands.
This treaty-making power is not only assum-
ing to control the persons of the Indians, but
to shape the whole public land policy of the
I Government, and at the same time to a large
: extent assumes control over the Treasury.
Let me give an example. A few years ago
| some gentlemen professing to be agents of an
I Indian tribe appeared at Washington with
; some authority to press a claim for payment.
It was a claim for several million dollars. It
was passed through the Senate. It came to
the House and was defeated. What was done
then? Did those claim agents withdraw? Not
at all; but as soon as Congress adjourned,
they managed to get a commissioner ap-
pointed to go out there and treat with those
Indians, and they got up a treaty with the Indi-
; ans providing, among other things, that this
claim against the United States should be left
! to an arbitrator, and the arbitrator named in the
j treaty was the Senate of the United States,
i That treaty was confirmed by the Senate,
and then they passed their original bill in the
form of a resolution to pay a claim of between
two and three million dollars. A part of it
has been paid; the larger part has not yet
been paid. That was a treaty which the Sen-
ate undertook to make with this Indian tribe,
and which provided that to the extent of that
treaty the House of Representatives should not
participate in the legislation of this country.
In the same way s railroad company may come
here and ask for a grant of land. Should the
House refuse to make the grant, the agents of
the company go out on the plains, catch a few
Indians, make them intoxicated, and then make
a treaty with them containing a stipulation that
the company shall have so much land. The
treaty is then transmitted to the Senate and
ratified by that body.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They do
not take the trouble to go oat there, but the
Indians are brought here to this city, and the
Government pays the expense.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I accept the correction
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler7] Now, all that I propose by my
amendment is to insert the words " so called"
before the word "treaty," so that it may be
understood that the House of Representatives
no longer recognizes the power of the Senate
to dispose of the public lands or the money in
the public Treasury by means of a so-called
treaty with some tribe of Indians which never
was large, and perhaps numbered but a few
members at the time the treaty was claimed to
have been made.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not object to the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylva- -
nia [Mr. Scofield] if it is put in the title, so
that it will read: '' for fulfilling so-called treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes," &c.
It would then apply to the whole bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In pursuance of the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] who has charge of this bill, I will
withdraw my amendment at this place, with a
