5416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
tion of taxes and the reduction of a number
of officers, I will ask the yeas and nays,
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania why he wishes to take
off the tax on canned fish and leave it on all
other canned articles, such as meats, vege-
tables, &c., as the Senate have done?
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I wish to get a bill to
reduce the taxes.
The yeas andnays were ordered on the motion
to reconsider.
Ml*. SCHENCK. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The ordering of the yeas
and nays will be considered as applying to that
motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. Nothing is debatable
under the operation of the previous ques-
tion. This is all under the operation of the
previous question.
The question was 011 Mr. Sciienuk's motion,
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House refused to concur
in the first amendment of the Senate.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yens 71, nays 107, not voting
52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Aspcr, Bailey, Benjamin,
Bennett, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Booker, Buckley,
Burchard.Burdett, Roderick II. Butler, Cake, Amasa
Cobb, Conger, Cowles, Begcner, Buval, Ela, Farns-
worth, Forriss, Ferry, Fisher, Hale, Harris, Hawloy,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Judd, Kellogg, ICelsey, Knapp,
Lash, Loughridge, Ataynard, McCarthy, McG-rew,
"Eiiakim II. Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Neg-
ley. Palmer, Peck, Piatt, Porter, Prosser, Roots,
Sanford,Schenck, William J. Smith, Stevens, Stokes,
Strong:, Tanner, Tiiluian, Townsond, Tyner, Upson,
Van Horn, Van Wyek, Wallace, Ward, Welker,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,
ami John T. Wilson—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Arm-
strong, Atvrood, Ayer, Banks, Barnum, Bentty,
Beck, Biggs, Biid, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buffin-
ton,Beuiamin F. 33utler. Churchill, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn. Cook, Covode, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dnrrall,
Davis, Dawes. Dickinson, Donley, Finkelnburg,
Fitch, Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan, Griswokl, llaight,
ilaldoman, Hamilton, Hawkins, llay, Hays, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. jones, Kelloy,
Kerr, Kotchain, Lawrence, Lewis. Logan, Lynch,
Marshall, 3? aylvun, McCoimick, McCrary, McKen-
v.ie, McNeely, Mereur, Milnes, J esse II. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore. Morgan, Morrisscy, Murigcn, Myers,
Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Phelps, Poland, Potter, Rice, Ridgwuy, Saigent,
Sawyer, Schumakcr, Scofieid, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Sherrod, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stiles, Stone,
Sfovghton. Strickland, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor,
Trimble, Twiehell, Van Auken, Voorhees, Cadwal-
nder 0. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wells,
Eugene M. Wilson, Wiuans, Winchester,Wood,and
Woodward—107.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Adams, Arncll, Axtell,
Barry, Beaman, Benton, Bowen, James Brooks,
Buck, Burr. Calkin, Cessna, William T. Clark,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Box, Dyer, Eldndgc, Fox, Gibson, Ham-
bleton, llainill, Hellm, Hogo. Holinan, Hotchki^s,
Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Knott, Laflin, McKee,
Samuel P. Morrill, Ncwsham, Perce, liters, Pomc-
roy, Randall, Reeves. Rogers, Porter Sheldon, SI10-
ber, Slocum, Starkweather, Stevenson, Strader,
Tafie, Van Trump, and Witclier—52.
So the motion to lay on the table the motion
to x'econsider was uot agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Scofield, to reconsider the vote by which the
House refused to concur in the first amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the vote is taken
on that motion, I simply ask—though it makes
little difference to me whether it is granted or
not—that I may be permitted to explain the
effect of this amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SCOJFIELD. The gentleman himself
demanded the previous question, and I think
he ought to abide by it.
Mr.SCHENCK. Very well; itdoes not mat-
ter. I call for the reading of that portion of the
bill which the Senate proposes to strike out.
Mr. CULLOM. Has not that been read?
Mr. SCHENCK. No; the part to be in-
serted lias been read, but not the part to be
stricken out.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman make
that demand because I objected to his making
a statement to the House ? °
Mr. SCHENCK. I made it because I think
the House should know what ic is proposed to
strike out.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman insists
upon all that portion of the bill being read
because I objected to his speaking, in order to
save time I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the House should
understand the matter.
Mr. WARD. I ask unanimous consent that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schesck] be
allowed five minutes to explain.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. DAWES. And I ask that a similar time
be allowed the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] to reply, if he desires it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not care how much
time is taken to reply.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall not complain that
some two or three years of labor—it has been
about that long, 1 believe, beginning at the
work that was performed by a sub-committee
of the Committee of Ways and Means in a
room of the Treasury Department, day after
day, during the time when Andrew Johnson
was on trial by impeachment—I shall not com-
plain that all that work is stricken out, com-
prising as it does the first thirty four sections
of this bill; but I want the House to know what
it, is that it is proposed to strike out, as well as
what it is proposed to insert.
The first part of the Senate amendment, that
which will be found on page 38 of the printed
bill, strikes out special taxes of various kinds,
and contains nothing that the House have not
stricken out, except passports ; so that there is
not a great deal gained there; but they do
strike out sections of the House bill which pro-
pose to keep taxes on lotteries, gift enterprises,
bowling alleys, jugglers, and a number of things
of that kind which were in the nature ot luxu-
ries, as we thought, and upon which it would be
well enough to continue special taxes. Those
who vote to concur in the Senate amendment,
in place of what the House bill contains, vote
to abolish these among other taxes. That is
all they gain in the way of special taxes. All
the rest of the special taxes the House abol-
ished by their bill. That is the first thing I have
to say.
Then there is another change proposed.
There has been a long controversy between the
House and Senate upon the question of what
should constitute a retail dealer of liquor and
what should constitute a wholesale dealer of
liquor. The Senate have always maintained,
and they succeeded in a committee of confer-
ence in getting it into the law, and it is now in
the law, that ii should depend upon the ques-
tion of how much the man sold. The Senate
insist that a man who sells §25,000 worth a
year in diinks to individuals is a wholesale
dealer of liquor, while the man who sells
$24,900 worth by the barrel is a retail dealer.
The Committee of Ways and Means of this
House have always impressed upon the House,
and thus far the House have always sustained
them, that the distinction ought to be in the
manner of sale; that a man who sells by the
drink, "by the small," to be drank at the place
where sold, ought to be considered a retail
dealer, whether he sold §100,000 worth or
more a year; whereas the man who sold by the
barrel or the package ought to be regarded as
a wholesale dealer, and taxed accordingly.
The Senate insist upon retaining the law as it
is, making this question depend upon the
amount sold, and not the manner of sale. If
the House concurs with the Senate, we agree
to that view and abandon what the House has
been contending for so long.
Then, again, a number ot these sections pro-
vide. how the liability for stamps which are
printed shall be kept up by law. These stamps
amount to $130,000,000 a year. They are as
valuable ia one sense as money itself, being
engraved with the same care. In investigating
the state of the law upon this subject we hap-
pened to discover that under the existing law
there is no security whatever to the Government
in this matter; that the contractor who makes
the stamps or the Commissioner who orders
them, when having printed $5,000,000 worth
ofstamps on account of the Government, might,
if he chose, have printed and sold $5,000,000
more on his own account. As the result of
investigations made some three years ago a
number of regulations were established, which
are still in force, and which correspond with
the provisions we propose to enact as law.
But those regulations do not rest oil any law ;
and if any one charged with the keeping of
millions of dollars' worth of stamps should
choose to appropriate them to Ms own use, or
dispose of them and pocket the money, he is
not liable, on his bond, for the defalcation.
We have sought to correct this serious defect
in the law; but if the House should concur
with the Senate it will not be corrected.
I do not want to extend these remarks; but
I have indicated some of the reasons which
have operated upon the committee. When the
subject was considered by us this morning we
did not hesitate to think that, so far as regards
this first amendment, it ought to be the subject
of a conference between the two Houses, and
that for this purpose it should be non-concurred
in by the House. If the committee had sub-
mitted recommendations with reference to par-
ticular amendments members of the commit-
tee will sustain me in stating that they would
have recommended non-concurrence in this.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I wish to put to the gen-
tleman a single question. If we concur with
the Senate in relerence to this matter cannot
a committee of conference devise something
in the way of security for the interests of the
Government?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; the Senate pro-
poses to wipe out some thirty sections, includ-
ing everything on that subject. If the House
concurs with the Senate the interests of the
Government must still be dependent for pro-
tection upon those mere regulations, without
any enactment of law.
Mr._ INGERSOLL. I desire to call the
attention of the chairman of the committee to
a paragraph on page 5 of the House bill, which
provides for continuing a tax of ten per cent,
on the amount of notes of any person, State
bank, or State banking association, or any other
corporation used for circulation and paid out
by them. I renJember that while the bill was
under discussion in the House a motion was
made—I believe by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Petses]—to strike out that section. The
House refused to strike it out. I understand
that one of the Senate amendments strikes out
that section. I desire to know whether, by
concurrence with the Senate, we shall acqui-
esce in striking out that section; and if the
section be struck out, whether the old State
banks might not be revived and issue their
notes without payment of the tax?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman wilt allow me to say that striking out
that section of this bill does not strike out the
provision of the existing law.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then it would not
change the relation of the old banks to the
national banks ?
Sir. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 ara not prepared to
speak on that point, for I do not know how
far the repealing clause of the bill in its present
form goes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. ScriExcK] knew very well
that when he went into a critical consideration
of this bill he had me at a great disadvantage.
I have but one purpose in endeavoring to aecure
concurrence in the Senate amendments, and
that is the reduction of taxes and the discharge
of unnecessary office holders. The report lately
made by the Secretary of the Treasury, show-
