328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
thing—cannot fail, I think, to come to the
conclusion, and I think my friend from Massa-
chusetts would not fail to come to the con-
clusion, that that opinion is the sound one,
and there is no help for it. Therefore we can-
not'refuse to admit Virginia upon the ground
that the members of its Legislature have not
taken, or cannot take, the oath that those old
acts require. It does not apply to this subject
at all..
But, Mr. President, we have a right, under
the very act that we passed authorizing Vir-
ginia to take these steps, to inquire into whether
she has taken them in good faith, whether she
has conformed to the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution, and whether her action
gives such evidence of good faith and propri-
ety as satisfies us, because the very last section
ofthe Virginia act declares in terms that "the
proceedings"—and that means all of them—
"The proceedings in any of said States shall not
be deemed final or operate as a complete restoration
thereof until their action respectively shall bo ap-
proved by Congress.''
We therefore told the people of Virginia
that they might vote upon the constitution,
that they might elect members of the Legisla-
ture, and thus organize in an inchoate and
incomplete way the machinery of Government.
Wo told them in the same breath, and as the
last word that we said to them, that everything
they did from beginning to end must be again
submitted to us, in order that wo might exam-
ine and review it and be satisfied with it. Vir-
ginia was in our hands substantially as a Ter-
ritory. I do not propose to open the old
question of in the body or out of the body; but
she was substantially subject to the control of
Congress. We had been deceived, as we
thought, by Georgia. We had been deceived,
as many think, by Tennessee; and I think so ;
and therefore we took care to tell Virginia, so
thai there could be no complaint about bad
faith or taking back, that we reserved the right
to review all of her proceedings.
Now, then, the question is whether there is
anything which leads us to suppose that any im-
provement can be made upon her condition by
longer dolay. We cannot stand certainly, as I
have_said, upon this test-oath matter, because
we did not require any such thing. It did not
apply to her case at all. But we can require,
and wo ought to require, in my judgment, that
every member ot that Legislature, aiad every
member of that, State Government shall be aper-
son who is not obnoxious to the third article of
the fourteenth amendment. We are bound in
self-respcct, to put it upon no broader motive, to
see to it that when that State sets out upon her
new existence, no part ofthe composition of her
government, great or small, shall be in defiance
ol the fourteenth amendment that we have just
adopted. I do not know personally that any
member of that Legislature is obnoxious to the
fourteenth amendment, f strongly suspect that
some ot them are. What I wish to do, therefore,
for one, is to havo this matter go over for a few
days until we can get further information on this
which, with me, so far as I now know,
will be the test of my action upon her immediate
admission. If her Legislature is composed in
COn so nance with the fourteenth amendment or
mtis not, if it shall berecomposed by excluding
those members whom the fourteenth amend"
ment excludes, if there are any, I think I shall
feel obliged to go for her immediate admission.
^ Mr. MORION. I will say to the Senator
irom V ermont that yesterday 1 met with a lead- '
ing union man from Virginia who is opposed
very strongly to the admission of Virginia at
this time, and ho insists that the members of
tnat Legislature ought to be required to take
the test-oath. Iput the question to him whether
any member of that Legislature was disquali- .
lied by the fourteenth amendment, and he said
he believed not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know how the
ft0"'1S" i.^ was not PreseMl* i" committee when
this subject was considered, and therefore I
have no information on that point. Before I
act I wish to obtain information that will enable
me to judge for myself, of course, and not for
anybody else, whether Virginia is complying in
good faith with the fourteenth amendment;
whether or not her members ought not to be
required to take an oath based upon the theory
of the fourteenth amendment before we fully
restore her; to establish that as a precedent,
because there is the turning point, in my opin-
ion, upon this and upon all other questions in
the other States of the same character.
We have found in the case of Georgia that
these things are likely to come out. We have
endeavored to reinstitute things in that State,
and have only provided by law for the reorgan-
ization of the Legislature; but I am very glad
to see that the President has felt authorized,
under the advice of the Attorney General, as
I understand, and I think it sound adyice, to
restore complete military government in that
State over every branch of its affairs, just as I
was very desirous of doing when the bill was
up and when we were considering this matter
more or less last spring; so that now we have
been obliged in the ease of Georgia, for the
mere preservation of the personal security of
citizens of the United States in that State—not
for political purposes or political ends, but to
perform the first duty of Government, which
is to protect the citizens of the United States
in the peaceable enjoyment of their property
and of their industry—we have been obliged,
I say, there being no authority for it in the old
reconstruction acts, Georgia not yet being re-
stored, not only to reorganize that Legislature,
but to restore that State, or reduce it to entire
military control; and I am very glad, indeed,
that it has been done.
Now, L say I am very much afraid that Vir-
ginia will turn the same sort of a somersault
when she is once completely independent of
congressional interference—as independent I
should say as other States ; but that is in the
future, and we cannot help it. We must act
fairly toward her ; and so far as I now know I
think we shall have acted fairly toward her if
we find out that none of her government are
obnoxious to the fourteenth amendment. If
they are not, I do not see any good and sound
reason now upon which we can stand in refus-
ing her admittance. But for the present I
think we ought not to act in haste, and we
ought to have time to institute inquiries upon
that point.
Mr. STEWART. I have made some little
inquiry with regard to the effect of the enforce-
ment of the fourteenth amendment on that
Legislature. I inquired of the Governor and
several others, both those who were for and
those who were against the admission of the
State. Some thought there were none who
J would be cxc-luded, The Governor, I believe,
! thought there might be two. But there are not
enough to make any difference in the majorities
or the organization of the two houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I submit to my friend
whether that is not the point for us, whether
we are with our eyes open, when we are
obliged by our own act to approve what they
have done, to stand by, and knowing the fact
that even one member, whether it makes any
difference in the majorities or not, is occupy-
ing a seat in that Legislature when the Consti-
tution says he shall not—whether that is the
sort of invitation we are to hold out to these
reorganized States in respect to the enforce-
ment of that article of the Constitution.
Mr. STEWART. I think we can disapprove
of that conduct by a hill very easily. We can
make it a criminal offense.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us provide for it in
this bill.
Mr. STEWART._ We can do that without
delaying the admission of Virginia. Virginia
has complied with all the requirements made
of her and is acting in good faith, and if we
are to admit her let us do it now and gracefully
unless some good point be made against it. '
Mr. EDMUNDS. Cannot we require thens
to exclude those persons?
Mr. STEWART. Of course wo can.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ought we not to do it?
Mr. STEWART. It amounts to nothing,
I do not think there will be any practical ben-
efit to be derived from it. It seems to me a.
mere excuse when it is not to change the char-
acter ofthe body at all; when it is not to change
its majority nor affect its acts in the least. If
we are to enforce that provision of the fourteenth,
amendment we have got to enforce it on a
great many people in the South, and we had
better pass an independent law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have got the oppor-
tunity to enforce it now on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. If this subject is to go-
over I do not care to occupy any time upon it,
this morning.
Mr. STEWART. It is not gclug over-.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend that,
we had better proceed to the consideration of
executive business, with the understanding that
this joint resolution shall go over until next
Monday.
Mr. STEWART. We cau have no under-
standing of that sort. Let us have a vote npoa
the measure.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely wanted to say
to the Senator from Nevada that it is with me:
a question of fact whether the people of Vir-
ginia have complied with all that was required
of them by the last act of Congress ; I mean,
the act of April 10, 18G9. I will for the mo-
ment say nothing about the test-oath; but the-
sixth section of that act did require that that
Legislature when duly organized should ratify-
certain constitutional amendments, referring
to the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments.
The Senator, like myself, is very anxious that,
the fifteenth amendment when it does become
a law shall become a law concerning which
there shall be no question. Now, 1 under-
take to tell the Senator from Nevada that that
Legislature never were duly organized so that
they could do anything.
_Mr. STEWART. Then you come in con-
flict again with the Attorney General.
Mr. POMEROY. The Attorney General
never said that they were.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, he did. Allow me
to read the text of what he said.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall be through in one
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas declines to yield.
Mr. POMEROY. What I was saying was,
that no matter what they have done, if they
were never duly organized they have never
legally done anything; and therefore their
pretending to pass the fifteenth constitutional
amendment is no adoption of that amendment
at all, because they were not in a condition by
virtue of their organization to do anything
legally. I only wished to call the attention of
the Senate to a simple fact contained in the
journal of the senate and the journal of the
house of delegates of Virginia. The Senator, by
referring to them, will find that when the mem-
bers came together the secretary of State sub-
mitted to the Legislature the fact that several
members, almost all the members, had taken
certain oaths. They had four kinds of oaths, the
blanks of which I hold, in my hand: anti-duel-
ing oaths and old oaths required of members
of the Legislature before the war. Each mem-
ber elected went up to the table and took some
of those blanks and filled them up and signed
them, not in the presence of the body, but in
the office of the secretary of State, and he
returned them to the body.
But that is not the point that vitiates their
proceedings, although it was irregular. The
point which I claim is that the journals of the
two houses show that when they organized
their respective bodies and elected their offi-
cers they never swore an officer, they never
administered any kind of oath to one of them ;
not that they did not take the test-oath, but
