1870.
THE CONGrBESSIOKAL GLOHE.
3529
every means in its power to wrest from them
what they have taken from us, and if that could
be done bjr a system of discriminating duties
I would say at once, abrogate your commercial
treaties, and discriminate in favor of American
bottoms to the fullest extent that the case will
bear. That I understand to bo one of the
methods proposed by the gentleman from New
York—the abrogation of our commercial trea-
ties and the imposition of a system of different
tial duties.
Mr. WOOD. I do not think I said anything
which could be construed into such a declara-
tion as the gentleman puts into ray mouth, I
said I was in favor of the modification of the
navigation laws so as to place foreign tonnage
upon an equal footing with our own tonnage
as respects the commerce of the nation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stood the gentleman to propose a system of
discrimination in our duties in favor of Amer-
ican bottoms.
Mr. WOOD. Yes, sir, I would adopt a
discriminating duty in favor of merchandise
imported in American- bottoms against that
imported in English bottoms.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. So I un-
derstand the gentleman. This remedy has been
fully considered by the committee and been re-
jected. Should we adopt such a system there
would be immediate retaliation. We might, no
doabt, place such a differential duty as would
force all merchandise coming from Europe to
come in American ships, and England would
force all products going to England to go
in English ships. The result would be, the
ships of each country would be compelled to
cross the ocean one way without freights, and
consequently would have to donble tbeir rates,
and the loss would come out of the public.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. If we impose, as pro-
posed by this bill, a charge of $2,000 upon
each entry of a foreign ship, would not foreign
nations be likely to retaliate by levying a sim-
ilar charge upon each entry of an American
ship? In other words, would not the principle
of retaliation apply to this provision as well
as with respect to differential duties?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That is
very likely. I do not expect that we shall get
ahead of England in any little financiering of
that kind.
It may be said that England could not retal-
iate she could not afford to put a duty on
our cotton and breadstuffa, and that her people
would not stand it. That may be true tLs to
cotton, that she cannot afford to impose on her
cotton-spinners any duty that will make her
raw material cost more than ours; but it would
eost no more, as it would all be carried in
British ships free of duty. But she is not de-
pendent on us for her breads tuffs. The time
is near at hand when we can no longer com-
pete with the cheap grain-growing regions of
Europe in supplying England with her bread.
The great railway system of Russia, bringing
her grain-fields and ill-paid labor almost to the
shores of the Baltic and Slack Bea, is already be-
ing felt to the great cost of the American farmer,
and he may as well make up his mind, first as
last, that that market will soon be taken from
him. England will be certain to find ample
means of retaliation. Let no one deceive him -
self in that regard. Though her course toward
us during the war Was absolutely infamous, we
are forced reluctantly to admit that she is the
most powerful nation on the earth, as well as
the wisest and most far-seeing. I am entirely
willing that this discriminatory duty question
should be considered, and if there is any good
in it I am for it. But let ub pass the bill of
the committee, with such amendments as are
proper, and then if yon can supplement it. with
any other measure of relief I am sure that
none will more rejoice than myself.
Mr. CLEVELAND obtained leave to have
printed, as part Of the debates, some remarks
on the pending bill. [See Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
EXPENSES OF NAVAL, 8HRVICE.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy, relative to expenses of the naval service
for officers, men, and materials; which was
referred to the Committee, on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
liESSAGE FROM TUB 8EUATB'.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a resolution placing at the
disposal of the House one thousand copies of
the reports of the Paris Exposition, ordered to
be printed by the Senate on the 3d of March,
1868, and placing fifty copies in the Congres-
sional Library for its exchanges.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill of the Senate No. 840,
granting a pension to Rebecca Sbumaker,
asked a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Howell, Mr. Pratt, and
Mr. StENCJiB as the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the,amendments of
the House to the bill of the Senate No. 147,
grafting a pension to William B. Loonfey, of
Alabama, tisked a committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Spencer, Mr. Howell,
and Mr. J?ratt the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and a joinfc resolution,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested, of the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 241) to relinquish the interest
of the United Stated in certain lands to the
city and county of San Francisco;
A bill (S. No: 268) granting public lands in
the State of Alabama to the Decatur and
Aberdeen Railroad Company to aid in the
construction of a railroad to be built from
Decatur, Alabama, to Aberdeen, Mississippi;
A bill (S. No. 381) granting lands to aid the
construction of a railroad from the western
boundary of Minnesota, at the junctiota of the
Sioux Wood river with the Red Rivet of the
North, to the Winnipeg district of British
America; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 115) to provide
for the payment of the claim of Martha A,
Estill, administratrix of the estate of James M.
Estill, Redick McKee, and Pablo de la Toba.
ISAAC H. CHRISTIAN.
Mr. PORTER, by Unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the select Committee on
Reconstruction the bill (H. R. No. 1890) to
remove legal and political disabilities from
Isaac H. Christian.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tables 1 '
ThU latter motion wan agreed to.
NEW. YORK JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr, HGTCHKISS, bj unanimous consent;
introduced a bill (EL R. No. 2047);to reorgan-
ize the judicial district of. the Stete of New
York; which was read a first and second
time, and .referred to the Committee, on the
Judiciary.
TEXAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill(H. R. No. 2048) to incorporate
the Texas Pacific railroad, to aid in the con-
struction of its road, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
SALE OF PENSION CERTIFICATES.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion:
Whereas the following article, over the signature
of Hon. H. Van Acrnam, Commissioner of Pensions,
is going th« rounds of the public press :
• Department op the Interior,
v Pension Office, Washington, D. C.,
February 2, 1870.
Dear Sib : In response to your verbal inquiry about
the number of pension certificates held by third par-
ties as collateral security for money loaned to pen-
sioners, I beg to state that, from apparently reliablo
representations made to me since connected with this
office, there are parties in all of the large cities who
make a regular business of loaning on these pledged
certificates of security; that some of these parties
hold from five to eight thousand certificates, and that
the rate of interest is three or five dollars if the loan
is made soon after the semi-annual payment is made,
and if loaned within twenty or thirty days of the next
semi-annual payment the rate is reduced to four or
five dollars. Generally these loans or advances are
made in driblets, in small sums, reaching through
tho six months intervening between the payments,
in all of which eases this interest is charged at the
highest rates. One broker of this kind told mo last
July that ho had at that time over forty-four thou-
sand dollars out at such rates on securities.
I am, very truly, yours,
H. VAN AERNAM.
Hon. Whliam Lawsewce,
House of Jiepreientatives.
And whereas if such things exist they do so in dear
violation of the pension laws of the United States,
and are flagrantly outrageous of the rights of the
pensioners, and deserve the eensure of every pure-
mipdedmaa: Therefore, with a view of correcting
this great wrong.
Be it resolved. That a committee of five members
of this House be appointed to investigate the sub-
ject, with power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object.
HOMESTEAD LAW.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce and pat on its passage a bill
to amend the homestead acts.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Iobject,
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
Various motions of referencej and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.'
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the rules be suspended and -the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the Navy appro-
priation bill} and pending that motion I move
that all general debate on that bill in commit-
tee be closed in tbrefe hours after its considera-
tion shall be resumed. '
Mr. DAWES. I move that the time for
general debate be limited to one hour and a
half.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
that three hours are not too much time to allow
for the general discussion of a bill involving
an appropriation of $16,000,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the debate will not
be limited to one hour and a half.
Mr, PETERS. I hope it will. I think one
hour is enough.'
.. Mr. COX. Maine has already been heard
on this bill. Gentlemen from that State hftve
had their time.
The amendment of Mr. Dawks was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I will demand the yeas and nays
on this unless We have more time. It is not
fair the debate shotild be cut off in an hour
and a half. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment Was agreed to ordering
the general debate to be closed in one hour
and a half on the Nayy appropriation bill.
On that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. The yeas and nays will take
np an hour, and I am willing to make the time
two hourtf.
