1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
62?
41st Gong....2d Sess.
Tariff—Mr. Cleveland.
Ho. oi Keps.
aration, the minority report of the Committee
on Manufactures.
In that case Mr. Morrellundertook to pre-
cipitate his repoit upon the House, and had it
put in type beforehand, but 1 secured the con-
sent of the House to have the views of the
minority printed with the report of .the major-
ity ; and thus a way was opened by which Mr.
Wells could answer the outrageous personal
attack upon him that Mr. Morrell had under-
taken to foist upon the House as a report of
the Committee on Manufactures ; and I shall
say just here, what I hesitated to say in the
minority report, that Mr. Morrell did not
prepare that report, but that it was prepared
for him by interested parties; that it does
not contain the true sentiments of all those
who signed it with him, and that none of them
had anything to do with its preparation, and
that they had not familiarized themselves with
its contents, but afterward regretted its tone
and temper. That report was unexpectedly
answered, and it was evidently the intention
of the person who prepared this pretended
speech to avoid the possibility of another
answer by having it printed in the Globe on
the last day of the session; but I beg to remind
him that—
" The best laid schemes o' mice and men
Gang aft a-gley;
And leave us naught but grief and pain
For promised joy."
I shall unearth him, as Burns did the mouse,
and we shall find that his nest is in Johnstown,
Pennsylvania, and that with true burrowing
instincts he is laboring for that nest full of little
ones as against the best interests of the whole
country. He destroys the crops of the farmer
to feed his own young, and does his best to
carry out his theory by trying to consume the
whole produce of the country, leaving it as
poor at the end of the year as it was in the
beginning. He would have every farmer con-
sume his own produce; but if he cannot con-
sume it all himself, then let somebody in the
village consume it. Let the county consume all
that may be produced within its limits, says
Mr. Morrell; let none of itgo out ofthe State,
and, above all, let nothing be carried out of the
countryto s^ell. Histheoryis simple and easily
understood; it is, "buy nothing, sell noth-
ing;" but he grants the poor farmer the priv-
ilege of bartering a little, provided the bartering
is near home ; a home market for everything
is his panacea for all the troubles of our tax-
ridden people. I have read his wandering
''speech" entirely through, covering eleven
columns of the Globe, and find in it but a single
paragraph that is not devoted to reflections
upon the minority of his own committee or
upon Mr. Wells, and that paragraph reads:
" The evidence of a nation's prosperity is found,
not in the extent and variety of its exports, but in
the ability of its people to consume tho products of
their own ind-tstry."
Now, Mr. Morrell is a good business man,
and he delights in details; but when he leaves
details and attempts to state broad propositions
he gets lost, and in this case I find him wan-
dering about in the uniform of that noble little
army of New York Union-League martyrs to
which Mr. Greeley gave name and fame. But
if. on reflection, Mr. Morrell finds the prop-
osition of the little Johnstown editor who acts
as his personal secretary and draws a salary
as clerk of the Committee on Manufactures to
be narrow-minded, his reflections will come
too late. I must hold him responsible for the
sentiment he has adopted.
I remember that previous to the expedition
of Commodore Perry, Japan was Mr. Mor-
rell's model nation, for its people had the
ability to " consume the products of their own
industry;" but since that time they have opened
more of a foreign trade and laborhas advanced
over eight hundred per cent, in value. This is
an extreme case, but it is the very case referred
to by Mr. Morrell, where "a nation's pros-
perity is found" "in the ability of its people
to consume the products of their oion industry.''
By Mr. Morrell's theory my grandfather
must have been a prosperous man, for he
" consumed the products of his own industry ;"
he sheared the wool from his own sheep, "and
it was spun, woven, made up, and worn out
upon his own farm ; tho produce of his land
was eaten up, and the family lived compara-
tively independent of the outside world. That
was Mr. Morrell's paradise. Cattle were
used as money, and hoop-poles were a legal
tender.
Butthingshave changed, ideas have changed,
everything has changed except the truth, and
the truth is that Mr. Morrell's proposition is
false. A railroad now runs through the old
farm, a village has sprung up, and our people
send away the most of the products of their
own industry, and receive in return the pro-
ducts of industry from all parts of the world.
Our people are more prosperous now than when
they consumed all their own products, and if
some of the present restrictions upon trade
were removed they would be more prosperous
still. As Mr. Morrell has said some very
severe things about Mr. Wells, I desire to
show the want of fairness with which he deals
with his opponents. I shall not attempt' any
defense of that part of the minority report fur-
nished by Mr. Wells; he is abundantly able
to defend himself, but I must not allow this
soldier of M[r. Greeley's to charge about indis-
criminately without some effort to stop him.
He says:
"I call attention to the fact that many of the fea-
tures of the majority report, especially its refutation
of the late. Commissioner's allegations concerning the
duty on foreign coal, the minority do not attempt to
answer."
On reading this in tho Globe on this hot
15th of July, the last day ofthe session, when
it was supposed to bo too late for any answer,
it struck me as decidedly cool. Mr. Morrell
originally furnished me with what purported
to be printed slips of the whole report of the
Committee on Manufactures that he was about
to present to the House of Representatives,
but there was no article in those slips about
coal; and the first time Mr. Wells or myself
knew that coal was to be mentioned in the
report was when both reports had been printed
together. Did Mr. Morrell conceal the arti-
cle on coal? When the reports were issued
Mr. Wells discovered the article on coal at
once, and expressed his great regret that I had
not furnished it to him, as ho could have given
a complete answer to the pretended " refuta-
tion." I replied that I had not before seen
the article, and I then allowed it to pass as an
oversight on the part of Mr. Morret.l, not as
an intentional concealment; and now, at the
last moment, when it is believed to be too late
for the trick to be exposed, (if such it was,)
Mr. Morrell exclaims that "the minority do
not attempt an answer" to his article on coal.
If Mr. Morrell desires an answer he can have
it during the next session of Congress.
Alluding to the minority of the Committee
on Manufactures, Mr. Morrell says:
"They speak of a protective tariff as a grievous
* tax,' conveniently forgetting that its imposition has
invariably tended to increase the wages of home
labor an J enlarge the channels of home industry."
And) e denies that a high tariff is a lax, speak-
ing of such portions of the minority report as
charges that it is a tax in the most carefully-
studied sneers. He says:
"They weep briny tears over the 'tax' imposed
upon the twenty-five cents' worth of salt which the
poor man is supposed to consume in a year, but look
with gladsome eyes upon the tax imposed on his tea
and coffee and sugar, that foreign goods, which com-
pete with his own labor, may be imported without
tax."
The italics are his own. This point has been
gone over so many times that it seems as if
every reading man in the country must be
familiar with it by this time; but I will go
over it once more before I get through with
this second Daniel.
But after all the sneers Mr. Morrell has
seen fit to introduce into his speech, denying
that a high tariff is a tax, &c., let us see what
his own witnesses say. Mr. Morrell intro-
duces a long letter dated Boston, June 22,
1870, and signed by ten different firms, to prove
that Mr. Wells was wrong in his article on
elastic webbing. These witnesses fail entirely
to make out a case against Mr. Wells; but,
like many swift witnesses before, they say
entirely too much. The very last paragraph
in their letter is as follows:
'The duties on all tho materials entering into
ladies boots and shoes are excessively high, and we
think we can reasonably ask that Congress will not
increase the taxes on this branch of industry, which ar©
already hard to bear."
These ten Boston firms make out my whole
case. They state that "duties" are taxes;
they beg that Congress will not increase these
taxes, meaning the duties, because they, the
duties or taxes, are already "excessively
high;" and they wind up by declaring that
these duties, or taxes, are "hard to bear."
A vast number of other firms have cried out,
in their agony of oppressive taxation, to Con-
gress not to '' increase the taxes on this branch
of industry, which are already hard to bear;"
but Congress was deaf to their cries, and the
tariff "increasing the taxes" on many branches
of industry, where they were "already hard to
bear," was attached to the tax bill and pushed
through. I have read many speeches and
arguments on the tariff question, but I never
read a more eloquent appeal on behalf of the
doctrines I represent than that contained in
the paragraph quoted from the letter of these
Boston merchants.
After helping Mr. Morrell all they could,
of course by request, in a long and carefully
prepared letter, the oppressions they endure
under a high tariff still clouds their minds, and
in the last five lines the truth bursts out in
spite of all their efforts to pervert it or keep
it back. That single ray of light compensates
for all the clouds in which they have tried to
conceal the truth. It is a gem lost sight of by
Mr. Morrell in that mass of rubbish covering
eleven columns, and I forgive him all the
sneers for his having furnished such splendid
proof of the correctness of my position. It
is an essay in five lines worthy the first prize,
and I predict for it a wide circulation. The
names of the ten Boston firms who speak so
much truth in five lines ought not to be forgot-
ten, and I shall rescue them from obscurity
by inserting them here: Sweetser, Skilton &
Dole; Nichols & Farnsworth; Henry L.Dog-
gett & Co.; Alexander Strong & Co.; How
Brothers & Co.; Pelton, Snell & Co.; Sears
& Warner; E. K. Butler; W. S. Boyce &
Sons; Faxon, Elms & Co.
If Mr. Morrell did not hope to increase the
price of his manufactures would he struggle so
manfully for a high tariff? If the member
from the Lancaster district of Pennsylvania
did not expect to increase the price of nickel,
would he have fought the battle he did for a
high duty on that article? If the owners of
the steel-rail patent had not expected to keep
up the price of steel rails, would they have
fought their fight that has just ended in suc-
cess ? And how can these people increase the
price of their manufactures by means of a
tariff if that tariff does not work as a tax upon
the consumer of the articles, causing him to
pay more price? Mr. Morrell's argument is
fully answered by that masterly essay in five
lines of the Boston merchants.
Mr. Morrell cannot deny that the very in-
tention of a protective tariff is to enable the
American manufacturer to get a higher price for
his products; otherwise no American manu-
facturer would labor for such a tariff, and we
