1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5411
ing a reduction of the national debt to the
extent of $20,000,000 within a single month,
has cost this Government at this very session
$20,000,000. Whenever we have a report that
we have a full Treasury, that the taxes are
coming in largely, then, instead of stopping to
think how these taxes are wrung from the hard
oarningsof the people, we begin to plan modes
of squandering the money here. Every kind
of appropriation, every kind of jobbery, every
kind of so-called improvement, and every kind
of scheme are forced on the House and on the
Treasury. The report of the Secretary of the
Treasury that our revenues are so great, and
we have just paid $20,000,000 of the public
debt, makes all this waste here in this House.
Now, sir, the amendment of the Senate
reduces the amount of taxes and relieves the
people of a large number of burdens, while at
the same time it discharges a numerous body
of unnecessary office-holders. It is for that
purpose I wish to concur in the amendment of
the Senate at this time, and not trust it again
to a committee of conference, whose obstinacy,
so far as the Committee of Ways and Means is
concerned in this House in bringing in its
voluminous codification bills, we have had fre-
quent occasion to see, thus overriding the real
wishes of the House.
The gentleman has raised as an objection
that the Senate have not provided as large a
tax on jugglers as the House. The gentleman
did notUell us, though he might have done so,
that the amount collected from jugglers is prob-
ably not one half of what it cost the Govern-
ment for office-holders for the purpose of col-
lecting it. It is a trifling thing at best, and if
he cannot find anything else in order to induce
the House to keep these special takes in the
bill, 1 think it is not worth while to stop to
talk about it. He says that he has a new pro-
vision in this bill for the purpose of preventing
the stealing of stamps. Have any stamps been
stolen? I know we have had "greenbacks'"
stolen ; but I never heard that any stamps had
been stolen.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is not,
perhaps, as well informed as others. Stamps
have got out and have been put on the market,
and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
thinks they did not get there legitimately.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is fighting
an imaginary evil. Wemayhave some trouble
of that kind, but it will be time enough to meet
it when it arises. The gentleman knows the
old story, and he need not begin to weep before
the oven begins to heat. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHKNCK. Does the gentleman mean
to tell me that the Senate has dispensed with
what the House has not?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from Ohio
knows that very well. He knows this is^ a
reduction of the taxes. I will yield now to the
gentleman from Iowa for whatever time I have
left.
Mr. ALLISON. . I voted with the majority
to reconsider this vote. I did so for the pur-
pose of having a test-vote with reference to
the reduction of taxes. I know well what
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has said in reference to stamps. _ I
believe his provision to be a good provision,
and that it is necessary to insert some pro-
vision of that kind, and make it a part of the
statutes of the country. I desired when the
question came up for consideration to put my
vote on record for a reduction of the taxes,
and therefore I shall vote for a reconsidera-
tion.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
63, noes 66.
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 82, not voting
51 j as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Banks,
Barnum,Beatty, Beck, Bingham,Bird,Boyd, Burch-
ard, Burr, Benjamin 1?. Butler, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Conner, Cox, Cullom,
Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dickinson, Donley, Garfield,
Getz, Gilfiilan, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hale,
Harris, Hawkins, Hay, Hill. Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Lawrence,
Lewis, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, McCor-
mick, MeCrary, McKenzie, McNeely, Jesse II. Moore,
William Moore, Morgan, Mungen. Niblaek, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Perce,Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Potter,Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent. Sawyer, Schu-
maker, Scoiield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Rher-
red, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthin^ton C. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Swann, Swee-
ney, Taffe, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Van Aukcn,
Van Horn, William B.Washburn, Wells, Wilkinson,
Winans, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—97.
. WAYS—Messrs.Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Atvvood,
Ayer, Bailey, Benjamin, l-iennett, Benton, Blair,
Boles, Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton., Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Am-
asa Cobb, Conger, Cowles, Dickey, Duval, Ela, B'arns-
worth, Fcrriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Hamilton,
11 awley, Hays, Uefiin,Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,Kellogg,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Lash, Loughridgc, May-
nard, McCarthy, McGrew, Mercur, Milnes, Bliakim
H. Moore, Morpliis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Neg-
ley, O'Neill, Peck, Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sanforcl,
Schenck, Porter Sheldon, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stokes. Stoughton, Strickland, Strong. Tanner, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Townsend, Upson, Van Wyck,Wallace,
Ward, Welleer, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilinrd, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Axtell,
Barry, Beaman, Biggs, Bowen, James Brooks, Cal-
kin, Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Covode, Crebs, Darrall, Dixon. Dockery, Box, Dyer,
Eldridge, Fitch, Fox, Gibson, Hambleton, Hamill,
Hoge, Holman, llotchkiss, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Knott., Laflin, McKee, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Newsham, Palmer, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Randall, Ilidgway, Shober, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Strader, Van Trump, Voorhoes,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Witcher—51.
So it was agreed to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to concur in amend-
ment of the Senate No. 1.
The SPEAKER. The question now is,
" Will the House concur in the amendment
of the Senate No. 1?"
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—-ayes 76, noes 61.
Mr. SCHENCK asked for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 73, not voting
50; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Aycr,
Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird. Boyd, Buck,
Buckley, Burchard, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler,
William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Con-
ner, Cox, Crebs, CuMoin, Darrall, Davis, Dawes,
Dickinson, Donley, Fitch, Gaifield, Getz, Gilfiilan,
Griswold, Ilaight, Haldeman, Hale, Hamilton, Har-
ris, Ilawley, Hay, Hays, Hefiin, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Johnson, Thomas T.. Jones. Judd, Kellosjg, Kerr,
Knott, Lawrcnce, Lewis, Logan, Lynch, Marshall,
MeCormick, MeCrary, McKenzie, McNeely, Mercur,
Milnes, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Morgan,
Mungen, Myers, Niblaek, O'Jfeill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Perce, Poland, Potter, Reeves, Rice,
Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Schumaker, Scofield,
Slunks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, John
A. Smith, Joseph S.Smith, Worthington O. Smith,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,
Twichell, Tyncr, Van Aukcn, Van Horn, Cadwal-
ader C.Washburn, Wells, Williams, Eugene M. Wil-
son,Wmans.Wmchcster, Wood, and Woodward—107.
KAYS—Messis. Ambler, Ames. Atnistrong.Arnell,
Asper, Atwooil, Bailey, Barry, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Bingliam, Blair, Boles, Booker, George M.
Brooks, Bulhnton, Burdett, Roderick R. Dutlcr,
Cake, Conger, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth. Forms.
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper,
Kelley, Kelsey, ICetcham, Knapp, Lash, Loughridge,
Maynard, McCarthy, Mcttrew, Bliakim II. Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Negley, Palmer, Peck,
Piatt, Porter, Roots, Sanford, Sehenek, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Taffc, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Upson,
Van Wyok, Wallace, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard,
and John T. Wilson—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell. Banks, Beaman,
Bowen, James Brooks, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode,
Cowles, Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Dox,
Eldridge, Fox, Gibson, Hambleton, Hamill, Hoar,
Hoge, Holman, Hotchkiss, Alexander II. Jones,
Julian, Laflin, Mayham, McKee, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Newsham, Peters. Phelps, Pomeroy,Pros-
ser, Randall, Ridgway. Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Starkweather, Strader, Strong, Tanner, Van Trump,
Voorhees, and Witcher—50.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles:
An act (H. E. No. 1914) to relieve the estate
held by Louis M. Edge from succession tax
and stamp tax;
An act (H. E. No. 2180) to establish a port
of delivery at St. Joseph, Missouri;
An act (H. E. No. 1897) for the relief of
Lot S. Bayless, administrator of Lieutenant
Marcus W. Bayless, deceased;
An act (H. E. No. 1601) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2092) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes, for the fiscal
year ending June 80, 1871;
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 109) amend-
atory of joint resolution for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army, approved July 26,
1866; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 286) making
an appropriation to pay the Government of
Great Britain and Ireland, in accordance with
the award ofthe commissioners appointed under
treaty of July 1, 1863, to settle the claims of
the Hudson Bay Company and of the'Puget
Sound Agricultural Company.
internal taxation tariff.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes, and the amendments of the Senate
thereto.
The Clerk read the following amendment
of the Senate, on which a separate vote was
demanded by Mr. Sargent :
On page 78, after the word " Congress," in the thir-
teenth line, insert, the following words:
Except that portion thereof from which, under
authority of acts of Congress previous hereto, a tax
of five percent, shall have been withheld.
So that it will read: .
That in estimating the gains, profits, and income
of any person, there shall bo included all income
derived from any kind of property, rents, interest
received or accrued upon all notes, bonds, and mort-
gages,or other forms ol indebtedness bearing interest,
whether paid or not, if good andcollectable; interest
upon notes, bonds, or other securities of the United
States; and the amount of all premium on gold and
coupons; the gains, profits, and income of any busi-
ness, profession, trade, employment, office, or voca-
tion ; including any amount recoived as salary or pay
for services in the civil, military, naval,orotherser-
vice ofthe United States, or as Senator, Representa-
tive, or Delegate in Congress: except that portion
thereof from which, under authority of acts of Con-
gress previous hereto, a tax of five per cent, shall
have been withheld.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to concur in an amendment of the Senate on
page 80, which is merely verbal—to insert the
word "of,f after the word " income;11 so that
it will read:
For the purpose of allowing said deduction from,
the income of any religious or social community, &c.
The amendment of the Senate v?as con-
curred in.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask the Chair^vhat
is the position of section eight, on page 79? It
appears to be an amendment of the Senate, but
it is substantially the same thing as the latter
part of the thirty-seventh section offche House,
on page 80.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think it
is a misprint.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the amendment of the Senate is to strike
out the latter part of the thirty-seventh section
ofthe House bill and to insert in lieu thereof
what the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That for the pur-
pose of allowing the deduction allowed by law from
the income of any religious or social community
holding all their property and the income thereirom
jointly and in common, eaclifiveof the persons com-
posing such society, and any remaining fractional
number of such persons less than five over such,
groups of five shall be held to constitute a family;
and a deduction of $1,000 shall be allowed for each
