1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
that they did not take any oath. They elected
 sergeant-at:arms; they elected a clerk. What
kind of a clerk would this Senate have if he
had never been sworn in ? Could it be said that
•the -Senate of the United States was duly
■organized when they elected their clerk and
Tfefused to qualify him ? There was a member
who moved that he take the oath, but another
member moved to lay that motion on the table,
and there it went. So, too, with the speaker
of the house of delegates. They cliose a
Speaker, but they did not swear him. He
never was qualified. He took no one of the
four oaths. Now, I ask you whether a Legis-
lature is duly organized when not an officer is
qualified? And, supposing they have passed
a resolution ratifying the fifteenth amendment,
what kind of a passage is that by a body not
authorized to do anything and not qualified to do
anything? That is the point I wish the Sen-
ator to have in mind when he says they have
done everything that the law of Congress
requires. I undertake to say that that Legisla-
ture could do nothing until they were organ-
ized, and they were never organized according
to law. No legislature can be duly organized
whose officers are not sworn and qualified to
discharge their duties.
Mr. STEWABT. If we postpone this joint
resolution until the Senator from Kansas has
an understanding of it, according to the pro-
gress he has now made it will take him a long
time to get an understanding of it. I think he
is not a very good student and has not given it
as much attention as he ought; certainly he has
not given to this matter his usual attention.
He is generally posted on all matters on which
be speaks.
Mr. POMEROY. Disprove tlie facts.
Mr..STEWART. I will proceed to do it
now. I find in the document before me par-
ticular certificates of the swearing of officers
all through. I will read one of them. "The
respective oaths or affirmations hereto annexed
have been separately taken and subscribed be-
fore me by each of the persons whose names
are immediately thereafter written, and with my
certificate thereon, have been filed." And then
it goes on to give the names. The Senator
from Kansas was misled by a motion that was
made "by a senator to administer the test-oath,
which was laid on the table. That came up in
both houses, I believe.
Mr. POMEROY. I know the Senator means
to be fair; and I wish to ask him, did 1 say the
members did not sign any oath? I was talk-
ing about the officers, the clerk, the sergeant-
at-arms, and the speaker of the house of del-
egates. Those were the men who were not
sworn.
Mr. STEWART. Is that shown affirmatively?
Mr. SUMNER. The journal shows it.
Mr. STEWART. Where?
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
Nevada is not as good a student on this question
as he ought to be.
Mr.STEWART. Doesthcrecordshowaffirm-
atively that they did not take the oath ?
Mr. POMEROY. It does.
Mr.STEWART. Where? When?
Mr. POMEROY. It shows that they neg-
lected to take the oath.
Mr. STEWART. It shows that it was not
administered at a particular time.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no record of its
being administered.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the testimony of
the men themselves that they were not sworn.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to ask a question of
the Senator from Kansas. When a member of
the house of representatives of a State has
taken the oath as a member, and is afterward
elected speaker of that body, is there any law
of Congress in the reconstruction acts, or any
law of the State, that requires him to take an
oath as speaker?
Mr. CONKLING. Or even any parliament-
ary law?
Mr. MORTON. Yes,sir; or any parliament-
ary law.
Mr. POMEROY. The officer I refer to was
clerk of the senate, not a member, not elected
as a member, not sworn at all. Let me ask
the Senator from Indiana whether a clerk who
has not taken any oath is a clerk, or can be,
until he is duly sworn?
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator asks my
opinion I will say very clearly that the mere
failure of a clerk of a legislative body to take
an oath would not vitiate the organization of
that Legislature.
Mr. STEWART. Most clearly not. He
assumes to act as the de facto clerk, and the
Legislature allow him to sit there and act as
clerk.
Mr. POMEROY. What is true of the clerk
is true of every officer except the speaker, who
was elected as a member and took the oath as
a member. The other officers were not mem-
bers and took no oaths.
Mr. STEWART. If that failure was con-
fined to mere ministerial officers, such as
clerks in the Legislature, I do not think it
would vitiate the organization of the Legisla-
ture. I understood the Senator to say that it
applied to members of the Legislature.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir ; I did not say so.
Mr. STEWART. In that case it might
have some force, but in the other I apprehend
it has no force, and will not be regarded by
anybody.
I desire to say on this joint resolution gen-
erally that it seems to me we are making an
effort now to see how not to do it, and wo are
appearing to great disadvantage and placing
ourselves very badly on the record if we post-
pone action. Virginia is just as much organ-
ized as was Alabama, or Arkansas, or North
or South Carolina, when each of those States
ratified the fourteenth amendment. Upon the
question of their right to ratify the fifteenth
amendment before they were admitted the
Legislature of Virginia took the opinion of the
Administration. The question was submitted
to the Attorney General, and he held that that
was one of the acts which they might law-
fully do.
It seems to me that this is simply a question
whether we shall have the fifteenth amendment
or not. You cannot have the fifteenth amend-
ment ratified by any Legislature of Virginia
unless it is ratified now by this Legislature.
By your own showing here, if you exclude the
members who cannot take the test-oath, who
would be excluded if that were enforced, you
would break up the Legislature ; you would not
have a quorum. Shall we delay action when
there can be no reason given for delay? Wherein
has Virginia failed to comply with the letter
and spirit of the law ? The only question that
has been yet made is that notwithstanding she
hascomplied the right persons did not comply,
that former rebels complied. Did we not ask
the rebels to comply ; are we not gratified that
they did comply; are wo not anxious that they
should obey the law ; are we not anxious that
they should concede equal rights? Or are we
using these terms and applying this question
of principle for partisan power; is that our
object? When we say to them, "Do certain
acts and we will receive you," and they do
them, and take the opinion step by step of the
law officer of the Government with the greatest
possible earc; put in their platform the princi-
ples that you put in yours; go upon the stump
vindicating the principles that you advocate
here, of equal rights and the adoption of the
fifteenth amendment; adopt a constitution pre-
cisely in harmony with the reconstruction acts,
advanced and liberal, providing free schools
for free men, protected everywhere, and pledge
themselves that they will carry this out; when
they do this can you stand upon any technical-
ity ; can you afford to stand here and try to
find reasons why they should not be admitted?
I do not think any good reason can be given,
and any delays will eome back to plague us.
I desire to see the joint r«soltlt,1°°tpffSffnder-
Mr HOWARD. Mr. President, it X  nder
prohibits persons who have been engage
the rebellion in Virginia and '"^latrin
States from being elected to and taking seats in
fhl LegWaturesSchoSen under reconstrucion
acts. That is as I understand it. Therecon
struction act of July 19,1867, declares
law for officers of the United States.
Certainly that language includes the test-oath
of 1862, and of course applies stringently to
persons who were candidates for me State lie-
gislature under our reconstrijction acts. A
person unable to take the oath of 1862, in ray
judgment, was not eligible to the Legislature
of Virginia or any other rebel State ^
reconstruction acts. It seems that the Attor-
ney General, on being consulted oil this point,
held a different doctrine, and held that it was
not necessary that persons elected to the Le-
gislature under the reconstruction acts should,
be able to take the oath of 1862. I differ with
him broadly and distinctly. The Attorney
eral says, in the opinion which has been read
by the Clerk:
" When Virginia is restored to its proper relations
to the country as a State of the Union its officers and.
Legislature will be such as the constitution ot too
State provides, deriving their powers irom that in-
strument: and it will dearly not be m the power ox
Congress to impose any requirement of additional
qualifications upon them different from those which
under the Constitution of the United States may be
required in all the States."
That I agree to. I have no doubt that when
Virginia is restored to her proper relations to
the Government of the United States and has
once more become a Statein and of the Union,
possessing all the faculties, privileges, and
powers of a State in and of the Union, it will
be incompetent for the Congress of the United
States to prescribe any qualifications to her
voters, or, in the language of the Attorney Gen-
eral, to furnish her with a Legislature. Thus
far I agree with the Attorney General that when
Virginia has once more become a State of the
Union, regularly readmitted to all the privileges
of a member of the Union, it will be incompe-
tent for Congress to interfere to alter in any
way her constitution. This is a mere truism.
Everybody admits it. But the Attorney Gen-
eral goes on and from these premises draws
the following very singular conclusion. He
says:
" If. therefore, any tests were to be imposed upon
members of the Legislature not provided by the con-
stitution of Virginia, or any restriction imposed upon
the people of the Stato in their choice of officers not
recognized by it and not made applicable under the
legitimate power of Congress to all tho States, the
Legislature and officers would not, in my opinion, be
the Legislature and ofheers of Virginia under its
constitution."
And summing it all up in a single phrase, ho
says:
." J- do not see that Congress can undertake to fur-
nish tho State with a suitable Legislature to start
with or to exercise any control over its composition
which could not be exercised over subsequent Legis-
latures.
There is his conclusion, that it is incompe-
tent for Congress to " undertake to furnish the
State with a suitable Legislature to start with."
Sir, I dissent from the Attorney General en-
tirely on this point. It is in direct conflict with
the theory and principle of ail our reconst,ruc-
tion acts. We have assumed from the start,
from the commencement of those acts, to pre-
scribo to those rebel States in what manner
they shall reorganize their State governments ;
and we have entered into stipulations with tliein
that on complying with such and such pro-
visions of the laws which we enacted tliev
should^readmitted to all the rights of States
of the Union But the doctrine of the Attorney
General strikes at the root, at the very prin-
