1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
treaty, while we do not exclude them from any
benefit to which they are entitled under the
general appropriation. For that general appro-
priation we were asked to appropriate $121,000,
and also $1,500,000. After careful examina-
tion the Commissioner of Indian A flairs thought
he could get along with the provision now made,
and in which this tribe is included. If not,
then I should think, owing to their good
character, they should be included.
[ Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. I differ entirely with my
colleague on the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Beck] as to the purpose of the appropria-
tion made for the " Sioux of Dakota, and
Sioux of differeat tribes," and the appropria-
tion made for the u Yancton tribe of Sioux."
They are ou different reservations, and are
cared for by different officers. It is not pro-
posed that the Yancton Sioux, who are consid-
ered in an original treaty, shall share in the
general appropriation referred to. The amount
promised the Yanctonnais has been paid faith-
fully by this Government. And if after an ex-
periment for ten or fifteen years these friendly
Indians hare not advanced in civilization so as
in some degree to be able to support themselves,
then I say that any attempt to expend money
for the civilization of Indians would seem to
be of slight avail.
Mr. BECK. I perceive that I was mistaken.
I was misled by the terms of this treaty, which,
in addition to this yearly appropriation of
$40,000, compels us to expend a large sum of
money for school-houses, Jtc., and I supposed
that this appropriation came in under that pro-
vision. As it does not, I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr.SPINK. I will tell the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] why these Indians
are not able to take care of themselves.
Mr. SARGENT. I think I understand the
history of the Sioux war and these different
Sioux tribes. It certainly has been the sub-
ject of some anxious study by me during the
last few months. I simply desire to express
the opinion of the Committee on Appropria-
tions on this matter, and to give the reason
why these Indians should cot be saddled upon
the appropriation to be made for the Indians
enumerated heretofore in the bill, some twenty-
two thousand in number. The amount for
those Indians has been reduced to the very
lowest sum with which the Department thought
it could get along. But if wc now put on sev-
eral thousand other Indians, it will be impos-
sible to take proper care of the Indians we
intended to be taken care of by the appropria-
tion which stands for the benefit of the other
Sioux. The Sioux of Dakota were estimated
for separately. Who are meant by them?
They are named in the treaties of the Indian
peace commission. And if any gentleman
desires to find out about them he can easily
do so by sending for those documents and
reading them.
Another sepatileestimateis made for "Sioux
of different tribes," and a certain amount of
money asked for them. Who these are is shown
in the same treaties. But in this bill the "Sioux
of Dakota" and the " Sioux of different tribes"
are put together in one item, and the paragraph
appropriating $750,000 refers to the Indians
mentioned in the estimates under these head-
ings. Further over in the bill comes the ap-
propriation for the Yancton tribe of Sioux.
The amount estimated for th«m was $40,000,
and wedid not cut it down. Wc have reported an
appropriation for all that the Indian Office said
was necessary for the Yancton tribe of Sioux.
They are provided for in the proper place
in the bill, but as the name of the Yanctons
begins with Y they are a little further over
in the bill than the Sioux, whose name begins
with S. _ That iswhythese Yanctonnais do not
in the bill immediately follow the other Sioux
tribes. They are on a different reservation, as
I have said, and are taken care of by different
officers. 1 he estimates for them are different, I
and the appropriations are different and must
be kept so.
Now, 1 will not strenuously object to any
appropriations which the Committee of the
Whole may deem necessary for this Yancton
tribe in addition to the $40,000 which the
bill proposes to appropriate, though I think
$40,000 enough. But I do object to saddling
the Yancton tribe of Sioux upon the other
tribes of Sioux, when we have not appro-
priated for the latter any more than is neces-
sary, and when we cannot go back in the bill
to increase the first appropriation. That is the
; reason I object to the pending amendment in
its present form.
Mr. CONGER. I trust I may be allowed
, one further remark. I cannot see why the
J chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
; should object to this amendment. It is said
that the appropriation of $750,000 for the
Dakota Sioux and the Sioux of different
tribes is not sufficient to include this tribe.
But, sir, it is asserted on the other hand that
this $750,000 is a larger appropriation per
capita for the other tribes than $40,000 for
the Yanctons. I believe this statement, and
it is the general opinion of those familiar with
the subject. Now, what does this amendment
propose? Simply that for the relief of these
Indians who are starving year by year the
President of the United States may, if he sees
fit, make an appropriation from this $750,000
to equalize the amount distributed among the
various tribes. What is there wrong in that?
Who can be injured by it? The amendment
is worded so as to conform to the spirit of the
present Administration in its care of these
Indians. I will say that this tribe have done
more work in farming and agriculture within
the last few years than almost any othertribe.
They have raised large crops, but the drought
and other causes have destroyed those crops,
and they are now literally starving. Last winter
and the winter before they could not have
lived through the season had they not subsisted
on charity. My amendment proposes to make
provision for this tribe of Sioux Indians who
are excluded by treaty from the privileges
enjoyed by other tribes. They are the peaceful
agricultural bands. They are the friends of the
white man. They do not excite the sympathy
of many gentlemen on this floor as do those
Indians who slaughter our emigrants, who
massacre our women, who carry off our chil-
dren. The sympathies of this House do not go
out toward the peaceful Indians engaged in
agricultural pursuits. It is only to the slaugh-
terers of our race that gentlemen on this floor
extend their sympathy.
Mr. SARGENT. In this bill nearly all the
appropriations are for peaceful Indians. The
gentleman is in eroor in supposing the con-
trary. But I now move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Mercur re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the special order, being the bill (H. R.
No. 1169) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indiaa
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th June, 1871, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of the special
order all debate on the pending paragraph be
closed in half a minute.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the geutleman
will not impose this limit upoa debate. I
would like to say a few words.
Mr. SARGENT. I will modify my motion
so that the debate shall close in five minutes,
of which I will give the gentleman the greater
part.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. MERCURinthechair,) and resumed
the consideration of the first special order, bei tig
House bill No. 1169, making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending 30th June, 1871, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
paragraph has been ordered by the House to
be closed within five minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield four minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know that I can add anything to what I said
the other day when this subject was before the
committee, but I have seen in the papers some
remarks of gentlemen who discussed this ques-
tion in the House when I was not present. I
listened to the remarks of the gentleman from
Michigt^i to-day, remarks to which I cannot
quite give my assent. I know the Indians are
savages, I know they have murdered white
men, and I know they have murdered white
women and children. I lament this as much
as any gentleman can ; but I insist that we
ought not to take them as our exemplars. I
insist we ought not to follow their example,
and I do say, Mr. Chairman, that this Gov-
ernment has not set the example of Christian
charity and Christian kindness and Christian
forbearance toward the Indians.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,]
who is now in his seat, seems to think this a
matter of the size of the hat a man wears. He
thinks I have adopted the costume of the
Quaker and wear a broadbrim hat because I
uphold humanity on the part of the Govern-
ment in its treatment of the Indians and be-
cause I would not follow the example set by
savages in our treatment of the Indians. It is
not a question of the width of the brim of the
hat, but it is a question of Christian charity
and Christian example; it is a question of
whether we shall follow the practice of Indian
savages, or set such an example of kindness
and fidelity and truth as shall induce the
savage to follow in the path of civilization.
My friend from Montana, [Mr. Cavanaugh,]
whom I love very much, tells us we should kill
the papoose because he is the nit on the hair
that may grow to be a louse. I think the sen-
timent unworthy of the heart of my friend,
and I must assure him and assure this House
that I believe he spoke in the excitement of
the moment and not from the honest dictates
of the heart that is within him. I do not believe
he would kill the little infant, that he would
destroy the little child with a human soul in it
that must live coextensive with the soul within
him, and compare that little child and its soul
to the nit that is on the hair. I say it is
unworthy of my friend. It is unworthy of his
great heart. I do not believe in his calm mo-
ments, in his clear judgment, he would say we
should kill the little child because it may grow
to a man. If this Government would set an
example to the Indians of Christian kindness
and Christian charity I do not believe we would
have any more trouble with the American In-
dians than the British Government has with its
Indians. It is our wrongs toward the Indian
that has made him savage toward us.
Mr. SARGENT. I will state as the result
of my examination that the superiority of the
English system of treatment of the Indians
over that of the American system grows out
of the allotment by the British Government to
the Indian of small pieces of land, on which
he can Bettle his family and raise sufficient to
keep him. In regard to the pending amend-
ment I will say that it ought not to be adopted.
