3530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
it is only fair that three hours should be given
to the discussion of a bill as important as this
one.
Mr. COX. Why does not the gentleman
from Massachusetts let the gentleman from
Wisconsin mauage his own bill? The gentle-
men on the other side have been heard on this
bill, while we have not yet had a chance to be
heard.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the House, instead
of consuming time in calling the yeas and nays,
to let an hour be added to the hour allowed for
general debate.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. I object to making it
two hours. .
Mr. COX. It was the understanding that
three hours should be allowed for the general
discussion on this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I shall
not occupy any more time on the general dis-
cussion of this bill. It involves $16,000,000.
I do not think an hour and a half is enough
time. Several gentlemen on this side of the
House have told me they desired to be heard;
they would themselvesoccupy much longer. I
assured them I would ask lor three hours.
Mr. PETERS. 1 should like to say a word.
I understand there are seven appropriation bills,
and I know gentlemen like to talk on general
matters when they are, before the House. I
believe under the five-minutes rule we can say
everything that ought to be said.
Mr. INGERSOLL. So do I.
Mr. PETERS. When this bill was formerly
before the House the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Washburn] had, an hour, and I be-
lieve the House allowed him half an hour more.
An evening session was voted, but nobody
came. We have voted down discussion on the
tariff, and I want to see a beginning made
of stopping general debate on bills of this
Mr. WASHBURN, ofWiseonsin. We desire
to put the bill through to-day if the gentleman
will give us his aid.
Mr. PETERS. I will consent to two hours
of general debate, and I hope my friend from
New York [Mr. Cox] will have at least half
an hour of that time.
Mr. COX. I do not want the time for myself.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to make an appeal
to, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,]
who I know is a liberal-minded man. ThS
only gentlemen who have had an opportunity'
of expressing their views on this question have
been the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.>
Washburn,] who has charge of the bill, and
the gentleman's own colleague now sitting
beside him, [Mr. Hale.] Various members
of the Committee' on Naval Affairs desire to
be heard on the merits of the bill. I desire
myself to be considered in that category, and I
trust the House will not unduly limit general
debate.
Mr. PETERS. I.should like to make a
speech on the bill of one hour myself, but I do
not wish to take up the time of the House, and
I shall not yield to an extension of the time
beyond two hours unless such be the desire of
the House. I move to lay on the table the
motion of thegentleman fromNew York, [Mr.
Cox.]
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will operate as a test question just as much as
the motion to lay on the table.
The question was put on Mr. Cox's motion
to reconsider the vote by which Mr. Peters's
amendment limiting general debate to one
hour and a half was agreed to.
The House divided,; and there were—ayes
86, noes 38.
So the House agreed to reconsider the vote.
The question recurred on Mr. Peters's
amendment; and it was disagreed to. .
The question recurred on tne motion of Mr.
W&shbtjrn, of Wisconsin, that all general
debate be limited to three hours.
The motion was agreed to, on a division—
ayes ninety-one, noes not counted.
leaves of absence.
Mr. M1LNES obtained leave of absence for
one week. /
Mr. SCHENCK obtained leave of absence ;
for one week.
Mr. HA1GHT obtained leave of absence jj
until Monday next.
Mr. CAKE obtained indefinite leave of ,
absence. | J
_ Mr. DOCKERY obtained one week's exteu- ]
sion of the leave of absence heretofore granted |
to him.
withdrawal op papers. !j
Mr. TOWNSEND was granted leave to ;
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
connected with the petition of Edward Barton,
James Barton, and John H. Barton, claim- ;
ing compensation for damage done to their '
steamer, Uncle Abe, by the United States
steamer Zouave, on which the Committee of
Claims reported adversely.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I now
move that the rules be suspended and the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order, the naval appropriation bill. I also
desire, pending the motion to go into Com- i
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, !
to move that the Committee of the Whole be
directed to take a recess from half past four
until half past seven.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able.
The question was put on the motion that the
Committee of th'e Whole on the state of the
Union take a recess from half past four until
half past seven; and it was agreed to, on a
division—ayes 86, noes 33.
The question was then taken on the motion I
to jgo into Committee of the Whole, and it
was, agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Eldridge in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1533) making appro- 1
priations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June,1871.
The CHAIRMAN. The House has ordered
that all general debate on the pending bill shall
be closed in, three hours: and also that the
Committee of the Whole talie a recess from half
past four until half past seven. The g ntle-
man from Maine [Mr, Hale] has the floor for
twenty-five, jainutes.
Mr. HALE then resumed and concluded his
speech commenced on the 21st of April last.
The following is the entire speech:
; Mr.' Chairman, I had not supposed that this ,
naval appropriation bill would be called up
to-day. . -But as it is before .the House I desire
to say something for the Navy Department and
its management. To censure that Department
has been a favorite diversion here and else;
where. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] finds fault with its management, and says
that it is. made a harborage for . useless and
unneeded' officials. It irks him to see Vice i
Admiral Porter earning his Vice Admiral's pay
by laboring at his desk, although in general he
believes that naval officers are over-fed and
over-paid.
I find, from reading his speech, which was
delivered here in February last, that although
he evidently longs for the time to come when
the business in th^t Department will be dome
in the free and easy civilian style, instead of
that which is in accordance with military detail
and red tape, he is yet troubled because the
present Secretary of the Navy is a jolly, easy-
going man, and not a martinet with a stern
face.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, [Mr. Dawes,] whose words, I think,
are better listened to by the country to-day
and all this session than those of any other
man in either House of Congress, has laid his
heavy hand on the Navy Department, and sub-
jected it to his scrutinizing and sarcastic cen-
sure. I have no doubt he believes his censures
to be just. They seem to me, however, to be
too sweeping.
And now another member of the Committee
on Appropriations, the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Washburn,] who has this bill in
charge, acting upon the views of the commit-
tee, has brought in a bill here which cuts down
the estimates of the Navy Department some-
thing like ten million dollars. And he has
taken occasion in his speech just made, which
has little praise of the Secretary of the Navy
personally, at least to censure if not to attack
the Department. The newspapers, too, have
taken up the strain, and have spread it abroad
all over the land, that Congress does not believe
in the Navy Department, and that some of the
votes of this House are equivalent to a. vote
of censure upon it.
Then there are vexatious questions connected
with the Navy itself, controversies in regard
to rank and precedence, quarrels between line
officers and officers of the staff; so that men
who should be engaged in a common work of
sustaining the reputation and honor of the Navy
to which they all belong stand with hands at
each other's throats. Hence many men have
experienced, as has my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Covode] who has just taken his
seat, a feeling of complete dissatisfaction with
the whole coucern. Therefore, Mr. Chairman,
it may well be said that the American Navy has
fallen upon evil days.
But I think a good deal of this prejudice
would disappear from men's minds and from
the mind of Congress, provided a fair under-
standing could be reached as to the actual con-
dition of the Navy at the present time, how it
came to be in that condition, and what is the
will of the Department having it in charge as
to its condition in the future and the expenses
attendant thereon. The people expect at our
hands a watchful economy as to the expendi-
ture of the public money which they pay in
the form of taxes. We upon this side of the
House promised this as the result of the elec-
tion of General Grant and a Republican ad-
ministration ; and the people expect us to carry
out the promise. They expect that taxes will
be faithfully collected. They expect that cor-
ruption and fraud, whether found among men
outside, conspiring to cheat the Government,
or men holding office who conspire inside to
defraud the Government, shall be put down ;
that the one class shall be detected and pun-
ished ; that the other, if found inefficient or
corrupt, shall be expelled.. They expect pru-
dence in the management of every department
of this Government. This we are bound to
give them.
But while this is expected, Mr. Chairmaa,
I believe, on the other hand, that the people
do not shrink from the proper burdens involved
in carrying on this Government. There are
certain things to which they expect and are
willing to-contribute in the way of outgo as
well as that coming in.
They expect that the interest upon our na-
tional debt will be promptly paid. They expect,
as I think, not that so much of the principal
of that debt shall be paid that the generation
which bore the burden of carrying on the war
shall have to pay the whole of the debt, but
that just enough of it shall be paid to make
it certain that immediate posterity can easily
