330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
ciple- upon which all our reconstruction acts
depend ; that is to say, that the Congress of
the.-United States, exercising the power of the
conqueror oyer the rebel districts, has the right,
under the Constitution, to prescribe the mode
and manner in which those States shall be again
reconstructed aud readmitted.
It has the right to prescribe the rule of law
upon all subjects, which is to be enforced
within the limits of those rebel States until
they are finally readmitted into the Union;
and after that period of time, as we all agree,
Congress is not competent to pass any law
relating to the proper affairs of the State ; and
this doctrine of the Attorney General goes to
the length of utterly annihilating, striking out
of existence the very principle, the very theory
upon which out reconstruction acts all depend,
for he says "I do not see that Congress can
undertake to furnish the State with a suitable
Legislature to start with." I can see it, sir;
so can everybody else. We all who have voted
for these reconstruction acts have seen it, seen
it distinctly, that it is in our power to prescribe
the qualifications of voters in those States; and
we have prescribed them. We have declared
who should hold office and who should not hold
office. We have taken the thing up from the
commencement, from the root, and declared
that we, the Congress of the United States, have
full power to legislate upon all these subjects
relating to the rebel States, and to prescribe in
every particular the mode and manner in which
they shall be readmitted to the Union.
I, therefore, am compelled to dissent from
this conclusion of the Attorney General, and
it by no means flows from the premises which
be assumes. The premises are, that when Vir-
ginia. is restored to its proper relations to the
Union then the Congress of the United States
ceases to have any power over the subject. I
agree to that; but it does not follow from that
proposition that during the incipient stages,
before Virginia is thus restored to the Union,
Congress has no power to prescribe the quali-
fications of voters within her limits or who
shall hold office and who shall not.
Now, sir, if we have such a law as that to
which I have referred, if it be incompetent
under any reconstruction act for an unrepentant
rebel unable to take the oath of 1802, if it be
incompetent for him to be elected and to take
his seat in the Legislature of Virginia, the
question arises whether the rebel element in
Virginia shall be stronger than an act of Con-
gress ; whether we who enacted the law pre-
scribing the rule are to recede from it and give
to tlip rebels of Virginia and other States their
way in this particular, or whether the law shall
bo enforced. Sir, I prefer to see the laws for
which I have voted here complied with by the
people of Virginia and all other rebel States
before I am called upon to readmit them to
the Union.
Sir, a friend of mine lias given me some in-
formation since this discussion commenced as
to the real composition of the two Houses of the
State Legislature of Virginia, and the eomposi-
thus according to the information
which he furnishes me: the senate consists of
forty-three members; of these there are thirty
Conservatives, and of those twenty-five cannot
take the oath of 1862; that is to say, twenty-five
of these thirty were engaged in open rebellion
against the United States. In the house of
delegates the whole number is one hundred
and thirty-eight; the number of Conservatives
id ninety-five, and eighty of the ninety-five are
unable to take the oath of 1862. There we
have it before us that the Legislature of Vir-
ginia to-day is overwhelmingly rebel. Talk
of it^as we please, be as anxious as we please
tor the restoration of Virginia into the Union—■
and no man is more anxious than I am—still
wo cannot gel rid of this prominent fact that
that Legislature is overwhelmingly rebel to-
day.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to draw his attention to one
point ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand his sug-
gestion to be that the members whom he num-
bers are obnoxious to the fact that they cannot
take the test-oath so called, the oath of 1862.
Mr. HOWARD. So I am told.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's atten-
tion to the fact that the language of the act to
which he has referred is this:
"All officers hereafter elected or appointed to office
in said military districts under any so-called State or
municipal authority shall be required to take and
subscribe the oath," Ac.
I ask the Senator to state, if he will, his
opinion as. to the application of this statute in
this regard; were these men elected "under
any so-called State or municipal authority?"
Were they not elected directly under the author-
ity of Congress embodied in the reconstruction
acts ? And in the same view I ask him to con-
sider whether the other States, Arkansas for
example, and every one of the late rebel States,
I think, excepting one, fell into an error when
they supposed the members of the Legislature
were not bound to take the test-oath for the
reason 1 assign, and whether the House Judi-
ciary Committee, in an opinion of theirs which
was telegraphed to the State of Louisiana and
published, fell into a like-error? In other
words, whether it is not true, without following
the reasoning of the Attorney General, that
the act of 1807 does impose the oath, not upon
those elected under the authority of Congress,
but only upon those elected under State or
municipal authority?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the inter-
rogatory of the honorable Senator from New
York is rather too long to admit of a categor-
ical and monosyllabic answer. Itrequires more
discussion and more investigation, perhaps,
than 1 am able to give it at this present speak-
ing.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow
tne, I should like to interpose one remark
there. I make it by way of inquiry, whether
if the persons chosen to the Legislature do not
come under State or municipal authority, but,
as the Senatorfrom New York suggests, come
under the authority of Congress, they are not
ipso facto officers of the United States, and
therefore, by the express terms of the original
act requiring the oath of1862, obliged to take it'
Mr. CONKLING. That is an entirely dif-
ferent question, 1 submit to the honorable Sen-
ator. Whether they were bound by the original
act to take the oath is one thing. Their obli-
gation so to do has never been put upon that
ground. It has been put upon the ground that
the act of 1867, which the honorable Senator
from Michigan interwove into his argument,
required it. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts will put it now, as I think he does not in
the preamble of his bill, upon the ground which
he last suggests, I shall be very glad to tell
him why 1 had supposed heretofore that that
act did not impose it upon members of the
Legislature. I did not suppose—-I will say
briefly by the permission of the Senator from
Michigan—that members of the Legislature of
the State of Virginia were in that sense officers
of the United States, although they might be
elected under authority given under certain
circumstances by the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the only
real question before us is whether there has
been a substantial compliance on the part of
the people of Virginia with our reconstruction
acts. If they have fairly and honestly com-
plied with thoserequirements, then I am willing,
for one, to vote Virginia again into the Union,
to admit her Senators and Representatives;
but if there has not been a compliance I am
not in so great a hurry to recognize again Vir-
ginia as a member of the Union as to be willing
to waive the statutes which we have passed on
the subject. I prefer to see the law complied
with, and I think we had better take a little
more time to consider this bill before we pro-
ceed to act upon it finally. Let us inquire into
the facts of the case and get all the information,
in our power.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend a question for information, because I
am listening to this debate with a desire to
instruct myself. Is there any other point made
against the reconstruction of Virginia except
the inability of a portion of the members of the
Legislature to take the test-oath? Is there any
other allegation of a want of compliance with
any provision of the reconstruction laws?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose that that is one
of the main difficulties in the way, but I am
not prepared to say that it is the only difficulty.
I understand that there are great complaints
that intimidation was used at the election, and
that the election was not upon the whole a fair
and free election ; that there were means used
in reference to the voters which were illegiti-
mate and improper in many instances. How
far this may be true I am not able to say, but
I have been so informed.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I think the
only question that can properly be raised in
reference to the admission of Virginia is whether
the members of that Legislature were required
by the reconstruction laws'to take the test-oath,
as it is called. If they were required by the
reconstruction acts to take that oath, then that
Legislature was not properly organized; if
they were not, it has been properly organized.
I wish for myself that the law had required
that they should take the test-oath. I have
been in favor from the first of requiring these
reconstructions to be made by loyal men, and
after they had been effectually made of provid-
ing for a general admission to the enjoyment
of political rights of all persons who were con-
cerned in the late rebellion, excepting, perhaps,
those embraced by the fourteenth amendment.
But, sir, it is not now a question of desire; it is
a question of law ; and if there be any provis-
ion of the reconstruction acts requiring the
members of the Legislatures of the reorgan-
ized States to take the test-oath, that provision
can be pointed out.
There is but one provision referred to, and
that is section nine of the act of July 19,1867,
which reads as follows :
members of said boards of registration
and all persons hereafter elected or appointed to
oflice m saw military districts, under any so-called
state or municipal authority, or by detail or appoint-
ment of the district commanders, shall bo required
to take ana subscribe the oath of office prescribed bv
law for officers of the United States."
That is the test-oath imposed by the act of
July 2, 1862. Now, who are required to take
this test-oath? "All members of said boards
of registration and all persons hereafter elected
or appointed to office in said military districts
under any so-called State or municipal author-
The phrase here used, " under any so-
called State or municipal authority,5' is a phrase
that was adopted to describe the pretended
States or reorganizations brought about by Mr.
Johnson. We spoke of the reorganizations
created by Mr. Johnson and of those pretend-
ing to exercise authority under those organ-
izations as so-called State or municipal author-
ity ; and this section clearly refers to persons
who might be elected or appointed to office
under, those so-called State or municipal au-
thorities and before the reorganizations created
by Congress could take effect.
Now, Mr. President, to show that this is
clearly the meaning of this phrase, I will refer
to the second section of the same act, where
the same phrase is used, and it will clearly
appear that it refers to elections or appoint-
ments under the reconstructions of the rebel
States brought about by Mr. Johnson. The
second section of the act of July 19, 1867,
provides:
That the commander of any district named in said
act shall hav e pow er, subj ect to the disapproval of the
