4474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June lo,
day, and with singular blindness voted down
by a vote of about live to one. His bill recites
in its second section the various philanthropic
objects which its author had in view, among
which is "to provide the people the means of
paying their taxes." Generous man! How
they will rise up and bless him when they learn
of his noble bequest! His method of doing
this, is to set the printing presses of the Treas-
ury agoing and print off 8500,000,000 of green-
backs. Most people are so simple as to suppose
that if the Treasury should issue greenback
notes the Secretary would pay them out to the
creditors of the Government; but it would seem,
from the second section, that the $500,000,000
to bo manufactured by my colleague will be
distributed to those who owe debts to the Gov-
ernment in the form of taxes. I suggest, whether
it would not be better to cancel the taxes
directly, and thus save the expense of printing
and presenting greenbacks to the people, and
giving them the trouble to pay the gift back
itito the Treasury.
He proposes to abolish the national banks,
and declares in his speech that feature of his
bill alone will save "over twenty million dol-
lars annually now paid as interest on the bonds
deposited by the banks as security for their
circulation." I am puzzled to know how my
colleague makes this out, and still more puzzled
to know how the abolition of the banks will
abolish the bonds held for their circulation.
Having begun this work of abolishing, why
does he not take a step further and abolish all
the bonds, whether held by the banks or by
citizens? His philanthropy ought to take a
wuler scope and accomplish this full measure
of good lor the people and not stint his
charity.
The courage and gallantry of my colleague
is most touching. He revives the exploded
theory of his distinguished friend Pendleton;
and in his hands it blossoms again into full life
and vigor. I had supposed that the Pendleton
theory of finance had perished with the defeat
of its author in the New York convention of
1868. If not, the late decision of the Supreme
Court must have finished if. The Democratic
State convention that recently met at Colum-
bus, Ohio, lacked either the will or the courage
to revive or indorse that theory.
The arguments of my colleague [Mr. Mor-
gan] and of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hojjian] come up to us like voices from the
tomb. These men still follow their old leader,
anil are the champions of the same greenbacks
which Mr. Pendleton denounced in this Cham-
ber in the most unmeasured terms. In 1802,
when the first issue of legal-tender notes was
authorized, Mr. Pendleton denounced them as
unconstitutional, and concluded an elaborate
speech against them in those words :
- ?-ou g,oncl these note^out into the woild stamped
with lrredecmabiHty. \ ou puton 1 hem the mark of
Oam, and, like Cain, they will go forth to be vaga-
bonds and fugitives on the earth. What, then, will be
tbc eonscqnence ? It require no prophet to tell what
wilt be t heir lu story. Thoeuironoy will bo expanded;
prices will be inflated; fixed values will depreciate;
incomcs wjit bo diminished; the savings ui' the poor
will vanish: the hoardings of the ■widow tviII melt
away; bonds, mortgages, and notes, everything of
lixed value, will lose their value; everything of
changeable value will be appreciated; the neeessa-
riesof lite will rise in value." * * ~ # "Con-
traction will follow. Private ruin and public bank-
ruptcy, either with or without repudiation, will
inevitably follow."
It is manifest that this House is strongly
inclined to an increase of the eurrenc}'. Most
of those who have spoken on this bill have
favored some expansion.
At the risk of giving offense to fifty or sixty
members who have changed their ground on
this subject, I will remind them tbat on the
18th of December, 1865, this House passed,
by a vote of 144 yeas to 6 nays, the following
resolution:
"Thatthis House cordially concurs ia the views
of the Secretary of the Treasury ia relation to the
necessity of a contraction of the currency with a
view to as early a resumption of speeie payments as
the business interests of the country will permit;
and wo hereby pledge cooperative action to this end
as speedily as pr.ielic.iblc."
And yet the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Keu.ei'] affirms that we had as much
currency in 1800 as we have now.
But, Mr. Speaker, a change has come over
the spirit of our dreams. Now there are
scarcely a dozen men upon this floor who would
vote for that resolution. It is a curious study
to consider the various reasons given for this
change.
Mr. COX. I ask my colleague on the com-
mittee to indulge me in a question.
Mr. G ARFIIiLD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. COX. Does he believo the legislation
proposed to-day will have the effect he speaks
of? Does he believe there is any step taken
hero toward a resumption of specie payment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I fear not, if
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Judd] prevails.
Mr. COX. Then why does not my colleague
on the committee stand upon the recommend-
ation of the President, "that it should be
commenced now and reached at the earliest
practicable moment?" I am sure, if ray col-
league on the committee were to speak frankly,
he would be in favor of doing something to
reach that end. It is our duty to come up to
that heroic remedy.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, The gentleman
from New York will remember in all these
matters we have had almost the solid vote of
his party in favor of the issue of more "green-
backs." I believe the gentleman himself voted
yesterday for the issue of "greenbacks " to the
extent of $300,000,000, to take the place of
the national bank notes, which, according to
his own opinion, would be an inflation of twenty
per cent, of the whole volume of the currency.
Mr. COX. I must do myself justice. I
merely voted between "greenbacks" and na-
tional bank notes. I voted my preference
between them ; and 1 did so after the statement
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. IIaN"-
nalt,] that nothing was intended in opposition
to the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United Stales.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I was saying,
Mr. Speaker, that it was curious to consider
the different reasons given for this great change
in the opinion of the House since December,
1805. It is manifest to my mind that out of
this remarkable pressure for more paper money,
have arisen nearly all the crude and conflicting
opinions on financial questions with which Con-
gress and the eountryhavebeen afflicted during
the last five years.
Itis an incontestable fact, which all advocates
of inflation are compelled to meet, that we now
have a paper currency one hundred and fifty
per cent, greater in volume than the country
had in I860, a year of general prosperity, when
free banking prevailed in many States, and the
banks were issuing all the notes they could push
into circulation. I have observed that when
men have determined on a given course of
conduct, the reasons alleged therefor are fre-
quently afterthoughts, which formed no part
of their original ground of action. For exam-
ple, what man whoso course of action was
not already determined would defend a further
issue of inconvertible paper money, by such a
doctrine as this avowed by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr.HoLMAX?] He says:
" The gentleman who draws a distinction between
money and the greenback as a promise to ray mere'v
Plays upon words. The stamp of current value on
gold or silver is regulated by law; its value is fixed
bylaw; and unless restrained by tho Constitution,
the law-making power of this country can fix tint
monetary value, the quality ot legal tender, as we'll
upon paper as upon gold and silver. In the one
instunco as wed as in the other the represen!'} rive
value is fixed by law and this is clcarlf im?wh,!S
,.old and silver are tho common ropiescpfativcs of
value throughout the world: but as lawful money in
tho United States gold and silver and the UnUed
fetatos note alike depend on tho law of tho la«d for
their value. '
If this doctrine be true, there can be no such
thing as an absurdity. If this be true, then an
ounce of silver coined into fitty pieces will have
five times the value of an ounce coined into ten
pieces. A piece of gold stamped into the shape
of a half eagle may be worth twice as much as
the same piece stamped into the shape of a
spoon. Myfiiendis so dazzled with the "guinea
stamp" thatheforgetsthatthegoldisthe money
'for a' that."
Could anything but apredetermined purpose
to defend, maintain, and increase our irre-
deemable paper money lead so able and dis-
tinguished a statesman as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Ivklley] to say, as he did
the other day, concerning the greenback cur-
rency :
" Ucyond the sea, in foreign lands, it fortunately
is notmoney; but, sir, when have we had suchalong
and unbroken career of prosperity in business as since
we adopted this non-exportable currency?"
It is reported of an Englishman who was
wrecked on a strange shore that, wandering
along the coast, he came to a gallows with a
victim hanging upon it, and that he fell down
on his knees and thanked God that he at last
beheld a sign of civilization. But this is the
first time I ever heard a financial philosopher
express his gratitude that we have a currency
of such bad repute that other nations will not
receive it; he is thankful that it is not export-
able. We have a great many commodities in
such a condition, that they are not exportable.
Moldy flour, rusty wheat-, rancid butter, dam-
aged cotton, addled eggs, and spoiled goods
generally are not exportable. But it never
occurred to me to be thankful for this putres-
cence. It is related in a quaint, German book
of humor that the inhabitants of Schildeberg,
finding that other towns, with more public
spirit than their own, had erected gibbets
within their precincts, resolved that the town
of Scliildeburg should also have a gallows; and
one patriotic member of the town council offered
a resolution that the benefits of this gallows
should be reserved exclusively for the inhab-
itants of Schildeberg.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania would
reserve for our exclusive benefit, all the bless-
ings of a fluctuating, uncertain, and dishonored
paper currency. In his view this irredeem-
able, non-exportable currency is so full of
virtue, that for the want of it, California is fall-
ing into decay. That misguided State has seen
fit to cling to the money that all nations receive,
and ruin impends over her golden shores. I
doubt if the business men of California will ask
my friend to prescribe for their financial mal-
adies. Quite in keeping with the gentleman's
other opinions on this subject is the following.
He says " the volume of currency does not, as
has often been asserted, regulate the price of
commodities." According to this we have not
only a non-exportable currency, but one regu-
lated! by some trick of magic, so as to defy the
universal laws of value, of supply and demand,
and that neither the increase or decrease of
its volume can affect the price of commodities.
Argument on such a doctrine is useless.
Mr. Speaker, I regret to see that it is the
mannest opmionof this House that there shail
be an increase in the volume of our paper
currency. As to the amount there are differ-
ences of opinion. The figures range all the
way from the $50;000,000 asked for in the pend-
ing amendment of my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Judd] to the boundless inflation
asked ,or by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ixgersoll,] who wishes to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue what his invent-
ive genius calls " coined paper dollars," what-
ever t.iat may mean. My colleague from Ohio
LMr. -Lawrexce] has been kind enough to
intimate to the country what the features of
his inflation policy will bo. He says:
