5418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
of said families. Any taxes on tho incomes, gains,
and profits of such societies now due and unpaid
shall bo assessed and collected according to this pro-
vision; and the tax upon the dividends of insurance
companies shall not be deemed due until such divi-
dends are payable either in money or otherwise; and
the money returned by mutual insurance companies
to their policy holders, and the annual or semi-
annual interest allowed or paid to the depositors of
savings-banks or savings institutions shall not bo
considered as dividends.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to non-concur
in that amendment.
The SPEAKER. It will be non-concurred
in unless a separate vote is asked.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to concur in the amend-
ment.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 75, noes 17 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Davis and Mr. Churchill
were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 99, noes 17.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can only say that I would
like to know what is the consistency in agree-
ing to that part of the House bill and to the
section the Senate has put in covering the same
ground ; that is legislating for the same thing
in two different ways. It is nothing to me; it
is the work of the Senate. It is made SI,000
in one place, and $2,000 in another. By agree-
ing to the Senate amendment the House agrees
to both ways of legislating concerning the same
matter.
The next amendment was to strike out" not''
before " less than five over such groups of
£Lve '' <fcc.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
a verbal amendment merely. I move that it
be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SARGENT. The amendments of the
Senate numbered from eight to eleven relate
to the same subject. I move they all be con-
curred in.
Thpse amendments were in the following
section, the words to be stricken out being in
brackets, and the words to bo inserted being
in italics:
And he it further enacted. That in addition to tho
exemptions provided in tile preceding scetion there
shall be deducted from tho sains, profits, and income
of any person all national,State, county, and muni-
cipal taxes paid hy him within tho year, whether such
person be owner, tenant, or mortgager; all his losses
actually sustained during the year arising Irom fires,
floods, shipwreck, or incurred in trade, and debts
ascertained to bo worthless, but excluding all esti-
mated depreciation of values; the amount of interest
any oilier business from which incowoisderived; tho
amount paid for tho rout of tho house or promises
occupied as a residence for himself or his family (11)
[not to cxccod $500,] and the amount paid out lor
itaual and ouliuary repairs. No deduction shall be
made for any amount paid out for now buildings,
permanent improvements, or betterments mado to
increase the value ol any property or estate.
Mr. PAINE. I ask a separate vote on the
first amendment, No. 8, striking oat the words
"for the use of money borrowed'' and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words "during the
year."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment concurred in.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG-. I ask for a sepa-
rate vote on amendment No. 11, to strike out
the words "not to exceed §500," the amount
to be allowed for rent of a house.
The question being taken, upon a division,
there were—ayes Go, noes 02.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FINKELNBURG called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were thirteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The amendment of the Senate was accord-
ingly concurred in.
The other amendments to the section were
then concurred iu.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
votes by which the various amendments to the
section were concurred in; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The twelfth amendment was to insert the
words "1871 and 1872 of each year " after the
words " 1st day of March," iu what was sec-
tion thirty-nine of the original bill of the House;
so that it would read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That tho tax hereinbefore
provided shall be assessed upon tho gains, profits,
and income for tho year ending on the 31st day ol
December next preceding the timo for levying and
collecting said tax, and shall bo levied on the 1st day
of March 1871 and 1872 of each year, and bo due and
payable on or before the 30th day of April in each
year.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like to know what
those words "of each year" has to do there?
Mr. J ENCKES. They should be in after the
words "1st day of March."
Mr. SCHENCK. It only creates ambiguity.
However, it is not my work.
Mr. JENCKBS. I move that the House
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
sion—ayes 56, noes 59—the amendment was
non-concurred in.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was non-concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The thirteenth and fourteenth amendments
were to the section reciting the exemptions
from the income returns, the thirteenth amend-
ment being to insprt before the words "nor
the wages of minor children not received" the
following:
Nor that portion of tho salary or pay received for
services in the civil, military, naval, or other service
of the United States, or as Senator, Representative,
or Dclegato in Congress, from which tax has been
deducted.
And the fourteenth amendment was, to insert
after the words "and every guardian and trustee,
executor or ad ministrator, an d any person acting
in any other fiduciary capacity," the following:
Or as resident agent for or copartner of any non-
resident alien, deriving income, gains, and profits
from any business, trade, or profession carried on in
tho United States, or from ronts of real estate situ-
ated therein.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the amendments be concurred in.
The question was then taken ; and the amend-
ments were concurred in.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the amendments numbered from fifteen
to nineteen, both inclusive, be concurred in.
The amendments were in the following sec-
tion, the words to be stricken out being in
brackets and the words to be inserted being in
italics:
And be it further enacted. That any person, in his
own behalf, or as such fiduciary (15j or agent, shall
be permitted to declare, under oath, that ho, or his
ward, (16) [or] beneficiary (17) or principal, was not
possessed of an income of $2,000, liable to bo assessed
accordingto the provisions of this act: or maydeelaro
that an income ta.x has been assessed and paid else-
where in the same year, under authority of the Uni-
ted States, upon his income, gains, and profits, or
those of lus ward, (18) [or] beneficiary (19) or princi-
pal, as required by law; and if the assistant assessor
shall be satisfied of the truth of the declaration, such
person shall thereupon be oxempt from income tax
in the said district.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SARGENT moved to concur in amend-
ments numbered from twenty to twenty-two,
both inclusive.
The amendments were in the following sec-
tion, the words to be stricken out being in
brackets and the words to be inserted being in
italics:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be levied
and collected (20) during the years eighteen hundred
and seventy-one and eighteen hundred and seventy-two
a tax of (21) [three] two and one half per cent, on tlie
amount of all interest or coupons paid on bonds or
other evidences of debt issued and payable (22) [alter
more than two years fromj m one or more years ajtcr
date, by any of the corporations in this section here-
in after enumerated.
The amendments were concurred in.
The twenty-third amendment was to strike
out the word " incorporated " in the following
clause of the same section :
And on the amount of all dividends of earnings,
income, or gains Ik.re.liter declared, by any incor-
porated bank, trust company, savings institution,
insurance company, railroad company, &c,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that that amendment be concurred in. The
object of those and the next three amendments
is to make this section conform to existing law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope not. This word
"incorporated" applies to all associations,
and not merely to banks.
The question was taken upon concurring in
the amendment to strike out the word " incor-
porated ;" and upon a division—ayes 49, noes
60—the amendment was non-concurred in.
The amendments numbered from twenty-
four to twenty-six, both inclusive, were in the
following part of the same section, the words
to be stricken out being in brackets, and the
words to be inserted in italics :
And on the amount of all dividends of earnings,
incouio, or gains hereafter declared, by any incor-
porated bank, trust company, savings institution,
insurance company, railroad company, (24) [steam-
boat or steamship company,] canal company.turn-
pike company, canal navigation company, (2o) and
slack-water company, (26.) [manufacturing company ,
mining company, coal company, gas company, and
bridge company,] whenever and wherever the samo
shall be payable.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the twenty-
sixth amendment be concurred in.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes four, noes not counted.
Amendment No. 26 was non-concurred in.
Amendments No. 24 and No. 25 were non-
concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The twenty-seventh amend-
ment, which proposes to change three per cent,
to two and a half per cent., in the twenty-
third and twenty-fourth lines of section forty-
four, will, if there is no objection, be considered
as concurred in, as the amendment is necessary
to make this portion of the section consistent
with the amendments already concurred in.
There was no objection.
The thirty-first amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote was asked by Mr. Potter, was read,
as follows:
Strike out at the end of section forty-five the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That in any case where the earnings and
profits of any corporation mentioned as above being
in good faith applied to the payment of the interest
on its debts, shall be sufficient to pay such interest,
the tax to be returned under the provisions of this
section shall not be required to be paid until sncli
corporation shall make full payment of its interest.
Mr. POTTER. I think this amendment
ought to be concurred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in ; there
being—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
The thirty-sixth amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote was asked by Mr. Potter, was read,
as follows:
Insert the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, Timt tho President H
hereby authorized to annex to and unite with each
other two or more adjoining collection districts,
whenever in his opinion it will rcducc the expenses
of collecting the internal revenue without impair-
ing the efficiency of tho service; and thereupon shall
retain but one collector and one assessor for such
enlarged district.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the Chair
to have decided that as the previous question
is operating we cannot amend any of these
Senate amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so dccides.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee of Ways
and Means desire to condense the supervisors'
districts as well as the collection districts. I
hope this amendment will not be concurred in,
but that we shall adopt some provision by which
more officers may be dispensed with.
On concurring in the amendment, there
were—ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
