628
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
Ho. op Reps.
Tariff—Mr. Cleveland,
41st Cong....2b Sess.
should liave a tariff levied only for revenue.
But we have had the large manufacturing capi-
talists here clamoring for a reduction of the
internal taxes, not really for the purpose of
reducing taxation, but because they foresaw
that there must be a reduction of some kind.
The demand for ti reduction of the taxes was
so general that no Administration could with-
stand it; and by insisting that the reduction
should take place on the list of internal taxes
they would be enabled to keep up the tariff
taxes on the plea of needed revenue; and they
consented to a large reduction of the tariff on
tea, coffee, and sugar, because these articles
did not affect them; and by this reduction they
were the more certain to retain the tax on all
articles in which they were interested, and even
to increase them upon some very important
articles, and the scheme was successful.
Again, Mr. Mokiiell ignores entirely the fact
that his schemes would benefit only two and a
half per cent, of the laboiing population of the
country at the expense of the remaining ninety-
seven and a half per cent., and that legislation
for the benefit of less than three persons in a
hundred is vicious, and that a system taxing
over ninety-seven persons for the benefit ol'
less than three persons is in reality a system of
"privation and interference," as stated in the
minority report. The proposition is so plain
that Mr. Moiuieli, drops it as the boy did the
newly-made horseshoe, with a sense of pain.
The minority are severely handled for their
remarks on labor and capital, and I make the
following extract from the report to show what
wo did say in general terms:
" But 011 tlio contrary, the minority cannot nsreo
mtli the report of tho majority ot tho committee,
whieh would maintain a hnrh protective tariff oven
lo tlio a Hire prohibition of tlio Kreater part, of our
imports ami leave in, without such a hcalihy eotn-
peution us would mivo um ftom tlio la,paeily of our
own capitalists; for tlio minority accept tlio prop-
osition that humim naturo is about, tlio same the
wm hi o \ c r, ami t li at conoen trat ed ca pi till will assume
power whenever opportunity offers; it is the. iiaUnat
'iiciiny ot tlio mass of tlio people; anil tho minority
,iro olisorvniK Willi jjreat interest, tho Mrucglo now
(joins on in this and oilier eountrios between capital
imd labor, 1111(1 tliey believe thnt a 'liii h protective '
syr'teiu of tariff Rives capital a (trout ailviintiifjo over
labor in Unit Htruwslo i an advantage injurious to the
ti resent condition ns well as to tlio future piwpooto
ol this country."
1 his position ho did not and cannot answer ;
but that it struck home lie acknowledges by his
squirming, lie says:
" With au obtuscnesa of vision eouai to the short,-
nt'KHot then* memory, they see no 'rapaeitv'm tho
JorciKn capitalist, whose piovorJiinl liberality to ins
wnrlcmemun and their wives and children Rives lew
ot tliem the eomfoiU of lite, anUUris-os tens of thou-
"amti to the poor-house."
1 hat portion of the minority report in regard
to foreign-built, iron ships, which 1 beg to say is
contained in that part of the report sneered at
by Mr. Motuuxr, as "not covered by the sig-
nature ot the late Commissioner," and, in
another place, as "the nine pages of their
report to which the late Commissioner did not
attach his signature," he lias not attempted to
answer; but one more prominent than lie lias
answered it. i lie President, this very day,
and in tho last hour of the session, sends a
special message to Congress in regard to the
* d>an appropriations, and adds the news of
probable war between trance and Prussia, in
wluoh       -
I
>lnps. \\ hen the war-cry is raised in Europe
lie suddenly discovers that we need steamers
upon tlie ocean; that there are no American
vessels to carry the United States mails to
ranee and Germany. He sees the peril and
cries out, and that cry is an eloquent argument
in favor of the proposition in the minority
report.
But his message came at a time when legis-
lation upon so important a subject could not
have been well considered, it was an hour
of excitement, and in addition to the usual
excitement of the last hour of a long session
the war news rendered it improbable that such
hasty legislation would be wise. I feared some
job concealed in the proposition, and, sure
enough, an intimate friend and adviser of the
President offered a bill already drawn to ac-
complish the object. I moved that the whole
subject lie upon the table, which motion was
voted down ; but before definite action could
be taken the time for adjournment arrived,
and we were saved from a scheme that would
have led us into foreign complications. My
own views are fully expressed in a speech 1
made on the tonnage bill, May 17 last; and I
beg to quote:
" Wo have not only lost tho prestige wo oneo hod
in the carrying trade of the world, but we have lost
the business as a, source of national wealth. Wo not
only now payout ourfreishtand passage-money and
postage to foreign nations, but our gallant andskill-
lul sailors no longer go about the world gathering
Up wealth to bring home; we pay out instead of
collecting, gathering in, and accumulating'; and all
because a false pride will not allow us to buy ships
suitable for tho modern trade. Ship-builders tell us
wo eanhtiild them lor ourselves; but when we ask
why it is not done they acknowledge that they can-
not build elioap onough, but they aro opposod to
allowing ships to bo purchased. Tncy would luivo u«
staud shivering in tho cold because we aro too proud
to buy warm clothing, bntmust wait till wocan make
it tor ourselves. They would havo us starve while
waiting lor tlio produce to #row on our own farms,
that wo might say wo cat nothing wo do not lai-'o
ourselves. ))ut now in ifus bill, and in other bills
before Congress, wo aro a.skod to uiant sul Mdie* lo
assist in tho buildup and ,-ailim: ol .ships. iSui idu-s
aro not I lie proper remedies tor t bis difhculty. Lower
taxes, mi Uidtwtu'.iui build and repair our ships in
competition with foreigners, m the true remedy; but
il'yuti reliiM! to let down (he taxes, then take oil' tho
Miaeklos and let us buy ships wiivi c we can j,'oi them
cheap enough.
" I I'it be claimed that to adopt my auergostion would
enrry gold out of the country, 1 reply by deciai uig
I hat it, would save gold to the counti v. We aro now
paying out to foreign t'hi[>-o\vn<-is, the monev to !,o
taken out ot the country, about titry million dollar*.
II wo had (no carrying trade wo once had tho mo<(
ot tlu.s would bo naved to the couni ry; but even now
il we would allow our ship-owners to buy ships we
could got probably tho half of it, and .save to the
country at. least #J5,UU0,UiH) a year, or moie than live
tunes asjnueh as wo .should pay out for ship.s.
"The iron steamers now doinar the carrying trndo
ol the world aro looked upon by the nations owning
them a* iu reality a, navy; and so they are, a navy
that em n^ iIs own li vhv?, and t herefore costs nothing
to keep it. We have expended an immonso amount
in building up a na\y, and havo really no navy yet,
nor .shall wo over havo a luivy worthy ot tho name
(ill wo cease to build m the (Jovernment yauls, ami
give out the bmhhnp: of oui ships to private enter-
prise and .-kill. J'hiwiand has already learned that
le^un, and m ;t, recent repo) t made to Parliament it
was shown thai, nearly all of the Micces.-dul vessels
in the britisli navy wero builtby private parties out-
side ot the Government yan's. Out of the millions
ot pounds sterling expended bv the (Jovernment
UseU in its own navy-yard-, more than any other
nation ever e.\ponded, they had hardly anything to
show tor it.
" [ beiievo in a merchant navy of iron steamers*
and when i t i* objected that vessels built for the mer-
chant, servieo aro not suitable for war purposes, I
reply that they can be quickly and cheaply adapted
to that sei vico; and if it he charged that they are not
strong enough L rotor to the late Oneida disaster, in
which a foreign more-bant vessel ran into and sunk
an American war ve.ssei withou t sustaining an v iniury
herselJ. As for a ren I navy, composed of vessels built
hy tlio Oovernmont in ilh own yards, wo shall never
get it. Administrations change, and officers and
plans are changed when vessels aro half finished, so
that our navy becomes a piece o( patchwork, anil it
is aosntu to expect success m that way. And even
U we did succeed in building tlio vessels we could not
aflordto aceep a sulheient number to light with any
more than we can afford to keep a sufficient army to
light with. When a war come-, on we have to do the
fightingwith a. volunteer or adapted army as well as
an adapted navy, Tho special message of the PreM-
( th.e Wort of the Secretary of the Navy. Vice
Admiral 1 ortor s report, and tho speech of the chair-
man of our special committee [Mr. Lynch] all ac-
knowledge the superiority of a morehant navy. The
merchant vessel is earning something, supporting
itselt, costing tho Government nothing to keep it,
and is always ready lor sea; the war vessels area vast
expense to keep, earn nothing, but grow poorer every
" A merchant navy would be like our volunteer
military service, that >>avod tho lmtlon when the .
lobular Arinv was helpless in so great au undcrtak- I
ing: and yet the volunteer army co^t nothing in time i
ot peace, hut, on the contrary, was a source of na- J
tional wealth. As for pride and the loss of pre^n^e
we did not hesitate to employ foreign soldicisand !
foreign guns during the rebellion; and in the rovo-
lutionaiy war did we not gladly accept the services
ot La i( ayette and Steuben and Kosciusko, and other
brave officers and men to light our battles for u*
that wo might gam our independence and live to be
proau?"
As I have no opportunity to confer with Mr
Wells in regard to this new attack upon him*
for the larger part of the eleven columns are
devoted to him and but a small part to the
minority^ of the committee as such, I shall
make this extract from the minority report.
It is from that portion 4'not covered by the
signature of the late Commissioner," to use the
words in which Mr. Morrell chooses to express
his belief that Mr. Wells wrote the whole of
the report: •
First, the necessity for the very excessive taxes
heretofore collected no longer exists, the revenues
of the country being over one hundred million dollars
m excess ol the annual requirements of tho Govorn-
ment; while tho depressed condition of trade, the
difficulties that surround our manufacturing inter-
ests, and the uncertainties of the future, the falling
off ot our exports of manufactures and of bread-
stuns, make it certain that tho lightening of the
unwonted burdens of taxation has beeomo an abso-
lute necessity. And, second, that aside from tho
necessity of the moment that taxation shall be re-
duced and the fetters removed from trade and com-
merce, the last report of tho Special Commissioner
siiows that he has, in tho discharge of his duties,
imlii'iittv investigated nit of our industrial interests,
;iml tin; brnmi^s of one interest, upon another, with
special rotcreneo to such taxation as would impose
the least burden upon tho mass of t.ho people, nnd
that he, h-i^ evidently risen abovo tho narrow views
of tliohc who surrounded Uim at the time of his ap-
pointment. Ito has become educated by his own
investigations, and he now takes a broader and more
expanded view oi what should obtain as tho true
policy ol taxation, lie has evidently discovered thai
a high piutective tariff is not the true system of
political economy for the whole country, but that a
tanlt must be gauged by the necessities of the Onv-
cinment, and imposed with a wise discrimination.
In other woids, that candid investigation, removed
from tho bias ot partisanship, conducted with a view
to eonfemna the greatest, benefit uuon the sroatcst
number, and of mreiiKtiieninj? tlio industrial mtor-
|"-M it I I he eiuintrvso l hat it may bo possible for them
to bear tile preat burdens necessarily imposed upon
I hem, has ehauged I he views ot the Special Commis-
sioner. as such au iuvestigalion would change the
majority of this committee if tliey could withdraw
trorn party politics and forget party allesiance while
tney wero makius it.''
Mi*. Morrei.l is personally a well-meaning
man, and ilesirpsto be liberal-minded ; but, he
in blinded by his own interests. I am confi-
dent, Unit, it he conld make the same investi-
gations that, Mr. Wells has made, as Special
(Jomniissionerot'llie Revenue, the same change
would take place in his mind that, I described
in the above extinct, as having taken place in
the mind ot' Mr. Wells.
In one part of his speech ho takes the ground
that tho reason our exports have fallen off is
because we have a, larger population to con-
sume the products of the country ! Then, by
Ins argument, when the population is doubled
we must import largely; for if the past in-
crease in population has decreased the exports
by using up more in proportion of what we
could make, then the operation will continue
till we export none; we shall be populous
enough to use our products all up, and the
further increase in population will need more
than wo can produce, and we must import in
supply the demand.
But, what becomes of the product of the labor
of the increased population? Are those added
to the population to remain idle? ft, strikes
me that it we exported a certain amount in
1800, we ought to export still more in 1870,
and there can be no doubt of our ability to do
so, il our tariff and ta.x laws were not such as
to render it impossible for us to compete in
the markets ot the world as we formerly did.
W e cannot make up articles as cheaply as for-
merly, and the export of our manufactures is
tailing oil, a source of wealth to the country
is^ drying up, although, by a proposition of
Mr. Mohrell's before quoted, this might be
considered an evidence of our prosperity, be-
cause, he says—and I quote it again, for it is
