1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
Qeneral of the Army of the United States, and to
have effect till disapproved, -whenever in the opinion
of such commander the proper administration of said
act shall require it, to suspend or remove from office,
or from the performance of official duties and the
exercisc of official powers, any officer or person hold-
ing or exercising, or professing to hold or exercise any
civil or military office or duty in such district under
any power, election, appointment, or authority de-
rived from, or granted by, or claimed under, any
so-called State or the government thereof, or any
municipal or other division thereof; and upon such
suspension or removal, such commander, subject to
the disapproval of the General aforesaid, shall have
power to provide from time to time for the perform-
ance of the said duties of such officer or person so
suspended or removed by th e detail of some competent
officer or soldier of the Army, or by the appointment
of some other person to perform the same and to fill
vacancies occasioned by death, resignation, or other-
wise."
Here, Mr. President, the same phrase is
used in a section authorizing the military com-
mander to suspend any person appointed or
holding office under any so-called State or
municipal authority, and to appoint some other
person in his place. Will it be pretended now
that that could apply to the members of the
Legislature elected under the reconstruction
acts, and that it was intended to authorize the
military commander to appoint a member of
the Legislature elected under the reconstruc-
tion acts, if there should be one found to be
ineligible or incompetent under this section
of the law? Certainly not; and yet this is the
same phrase that is used in the ninth section,
clearly referring to persons holding office un-
der the then existing State authority, because
that was before the reconstruction acts had taken
effect, and before anybody had been appointed
or elected under any of the reconstruction
acts.
"Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to inquire how he distinguishes between the
Legislature and the Governor? The Gov-
ernor has taken the test-oath. Why should
not the Legislature? Are they not both in
precisely the same predicament? If it can be
required of one must it not be required of the
other?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, without
discussing the question as to what the Gov-
ernor is required to do, it will be admitted
that the members of this Legislature are not
required to take the test-oath unless there be
some provision of law demanding it. Now,
the only provision of law that is relied upon is
the niuth section of the act of July 19,1867; and
I show, and I think there can be no doubt about
it, that the words used there referred to the
then existing so-called States, because that
was the language we then employed to describe
those pretended organizations brought about
byPresident Johnson ; and the same language
being employed in the second section, author-
izing the General of the Army to fill any vacan-
cies in office in the place of any persons elected
or appointed to office under the so-called State
or municipal authority settles the question as
to the meaning of it.
But now I come to a broader proposition,
to which I invite the attention of the Senator
from Michigan, and that is, that the whole
spirit of the reconstruction acts, from begin-
ning to end, permits all rebels to take a part
in the reconstruction of these States who were
not embraced in the third clause of the four-
teenth amendment. I make the broad state-
ment that the spirit of the reconstruction acts
is that all rebels might take part in the reor-
ganization of these States except, those who
are embraced in the third clause of the four-
teenth amendment; that mere participation in
the rebellion was not to be regarded as an inel-
igibility, but that being embraced in the third
clause of the fourteenth amendment was to be
regarded as an ineligibility; and to show that,
I will begin by reference to the original recon-
struction act, which was passed on the 2d of
March, 1867.
What was the qualification of a voter, one
who was authorized to vote for members of the
convention, under that act ? Was a man dis-
qualified from voting because he had partici-
pated in the rebellion? No ; but if he was
embraced by the third clause of the fourteenth
amendment he was disqualified. Then, what
was the disqualification of a member of the
convention ? He was not disqualified because
he had participated in the rebellion, but he
was disqualified if he was embraced in the
third clause of the fourteenth amendment. The
proviso to the fifth section of the first of the
series of acts is as follows :
'' Provided, That no person excluded from the
privilege of holding office by the said proposed
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States—"
Referring to the fourteenth amendment,
which, had before been named—
" shall bo eligible as a member of the convention
to frame a constitution for any of said rebel States,
nor shall any such person vote for members of such
convention."
If it was not designed to exclude a man
from the convention that was to frame the
fundamental law, because he had taken part
in the rebellion and only in case of his being
embraced in the fourteenth article, is it rea-
sonable to suppose that Congress meant to
exclude a man from a seat in the Legislature,
to be afterward elected, because he had par-
ticipated in the rebellion and was not embraced
in that amendment? No, sir ; the very spirit
of these acts from the beginning is that rebels
shall he allowed to participate in the reorgan-
ization of these States, unless they are persons
embraced within the disability created by the
third clause of the fourteenth amendment.
That is the way it starts out. Now I come
down to the act of July 25, 1868, providing
for the admission of certain States. It will
be found, by reference to that act, that the
original idea and spirit is carried out; that the
only disability to take part in the reconstruc-
tion of these States is that embraced by the
third clause of the fourteenth amendment. I
will ask the Secretary to read the concluding
part of the third section of the act of 1808.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"But no person prohibited from holding office un-
der the United States or, under any State, by section
three of tho proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States known as article iourteen,
shall be deemed eligible to any offico in either of
said States, unless relieved from disability as pro-
vided in said amendment; and it is hereby maclo
the duty of tho President, within ten days after re-
ceiving official information of tho ratification of
said amendment by the Legislature of cither of said
States, to issue a proclamation announcing that
fact.''
Mr. MORTON. That was simply the dec-
laration, upon the admission of the States
named in this act, that the disability for office
in those States should be the disability under
the fourteenth amendment and none other.
The amendment introduced by tho Senator
from Massachusetts requires that the members
of this Legislature shall take the test-oath ;
that is to say, that they have not been concerned
in the rebellion, either directly or indirectly.
If that was not the law at the time of the elec-
tion, then those men were eligible to be elected
unless they were embraced in the fourteenth
article. Therefore, the effect of the adoption
of the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would be this: that he would now
create a qualification for office which did not
exist at the time these members were elected;
that they were eligible to election, but that they
were afterward required to take an oath which
they could not take. Sir, that would not be
good faith. We are required to keep good faith
as well as to require the rebels to do it; and
when we lay down our conditions and say that
if those conditions are complied with they shall
be entitled to admission, if they fairly com-
ply with those conditions we cannot without
some very grave reason, some new and import-
ant development, refuse to admit them.
As I before remarked, for my part I regret
that the reorganization of these States was not
confined to men who could take the test-oath;
but we did not start out with that principle, but
we started out with the principle of throwing
open to everybody to take part in this reor"
ganization who was not embraced m the third
clause of the fourteenth amendment; and no
fair construction of section mne or of section
two of the act of tTuly, 19, 1867, can require
the members of this Legislature to take the
tSIMraWILSON. Mr. President, it is evident
to me that the Senate is hardly prepared to go
on and consider this bill at this time, and tor
that reason I move that its further considera-
tion be postponed until Thursday next. Let
us have a little time to consider it. We have
had two or three hours spent without grappling
with the question, except within a few min-
utes. Until the Senator from Indiana entered
on the discussion of the merits of the question
there was merely a sort of preliminary discus-
sion. I think we want a little time to reflect;
and I think a postponement for two or three
days, certainly until Thursday, will give us an
opportunity to examine the subject carefully
and then come in here and settle the question.
Mr. SUMNER. It would be better to say
Monday.
Mr. WILSON. I would not postpone it un-
necessarily, because we have to meet it, but I
think certainly it should be postponed for two
or three days. Therefore I make the motion
to postpone the bill until Thursday next.
Mr. STEWART. T hope that will not be
done. It is very obvious that it will do no
good. We have had the measure postponed
over the vacation. Senators have had plenty
of leisure to examine it if they desired to do
so. No one has been able to find a reason
worthy of consideration why we should not
proceed and act affirmatively at once. Sen-
ators do not show wherein Virginia has not
complied with our laws. This is a privileged
question above all others. It was the duty of
Senators to inform themselves about it. No
new light can be got in this way. As the re-
organization proceeded we read from day to
day each step in the newspapers. No Senator
is going to have any more light on the subject
by a postponement than he now has.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] comes in and says that there has been
nothing said about the question until within a
few minutes ; all has been preliminary \ sev-
eral hours have been spent and thrown away.
That may be. I suppose all that is said here
may be thrown away when that Senator is not
on his feet. It seems to me that the time has
been well employed. Senators have been wast-
ing their ingenuity to try and find some reason
how not to do it, and, I submit, have not suc-
ceeded. Their arguments amount to nothing,
because they have not shown any reason that
they or Congress would be filling to stand on
for excluding this State for another day. No
reason has been shown. I hope the bill will
not be postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. ^ Mr. President, it seems
to me that this discussion to-day tends irre-
sistibly to one conclusion, that the Senate
is not now prepared to act. I do not say that
it will not be prepared in one, two, or three
days, or in a week ; but it is not now prepared
to act. Not a Senator has spoken, either on
one side or the other, who has not made points
ot law, some of them presented for the first
time m this Chamber. Hardly a Senator has
spoken who has not presented questions of
tact. How are we to determine these ? Time
♦ • muS,t be abIe t0 look int0 "in
papers, to examine the evidence, and, if my
pat!If m^e't0 examine also thc
he stind, fi ?e- the eonoiusion on which
he stands so firmly is one on which the Sen-
ate can plant itself forevermore. The Senator
must bear m mind that what we do now with
reference to Virginia we do permanently and
irrepealabJy, and that we affect the interest-,
that great State, and I submit also the wsfi-iv
of a large portion of its population. Sir, i am
not willing to go forward in haste and in isnor-
consiter 1? T't S° great a 1uestion- '«'t " '
onsider it, let us approach it au-cfuUv, airi
