1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5419
Mr. GUIS WOLD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman, I pre-
sume, did not hear the suggestion I just made.
The Committee of Ways and Means have re-
ported in another bill a section containing all
there is in this provision of the Senate; and
they propose to go further, so as to combine
different supervisors' districts, and to abolish
about one third or rather more than one third
of the assistant assessors and other internal
revenue officers. If this matter be left open
by means of a non-concurrence, we can insist
upon the Senate taking our section instead of
theirs.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The thirty-seventh amendment, on which
a separate vote was asked by Mr. Allison,
was read as follows:
Srike out in tho following paragraph tho words
included in brackets:
And be it further enacted, That [on and] after the
31st day of December, 1870, in lieu of the duties now
imposed by law on the articles hereinafter enumer-
ated or provided for imported from foreign coun-
tries there shall be levied, collected, and paid the
following duties and rates of duties; that is to say.
The amendment was concurred in.
The fortieth amendment, on which aseparate
vote was asked by Mr. Sargent, was read as
follows:
Strike out the following:
On all raw or Muscovado sugar, and on all other
sugars not above No. 12 Dutcli standard in color,
two cents per pound.
On clarified sugar, two and three quarters cents per
pound.
On refined sugar, stove-dried, in loaf, lump,crush ed,
powdered, or granulated, four cents per pound: Pro-
vided, That all sugar other than refined stove-dried
which has been advanced in quality above No. 12
Dutchstandard in color by being boiled in avacuum
pan, or crystalized in a vacuum pan, or clayed, or
liquored in molds, or purged in centrifugal ma-
chines, or by vacuum process, or filtered through
hone black, or its equivalent, shall be regarded as
clarified sugar: And provided further, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall by regulations prescribe
and require that samples shall be taken by inspect-
ors, .so as to get a true average quality, and that the
said samples be severally preserved in glass bottles
and marked for future identification and reference,
niul that the weights of sugar imported in casks or
boxes shall be marked distinctly by the custom-
house weigher by scoring the figures indelibly on
each package.
On molasses from sugar-cane, five cents per gallon.
On tank-bottom sirup of sugar-cane juice, melada,
concentrated melada, or concentrated molasses, one
and throe fourths cents per pound.
And insert in lieu thereof tho following:
On ail sugar not above No. 7 Dutch standard in
color, and on all sirup of sugar-cane, melada, or con-
centrated melada, and concentrated molasses, one
and three fourths cents per pound.
On all sugar above No.-7 Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 10 Dutch standard in color, two
cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 10 Dutchstandard in color,
and not above No. 13 Dutch standard in color, two
and one fourth cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 13 Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 16 Dutch standard in color, two
and ono half cents per pound.
On all sugar above No. 1G Dutch standard in color,
and not above No. 20 Dutch standard in color, three
ccnts per pound.
On all sugar above No. 20 Dutch standard in color,
and on all refined loaf, lump, crushed, powdered,
and granulated sugar, four cents per pound.
On all molasses, five ccnts per gallon: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall, by regula-
tions, prescribe and require that samples shall be
taken by inspectors fiom the hogshead, box, or
other package, in suoh a manner as to represent a
true average of the contents of the package, and
from a sufficient number of packages of the same
mark in each and every invoice, so that, the samples
on whic . tho classification is made shall be a fair
a\ crage in quality of the sugar imported under that
mails, and the classification shall beadjudgedon tho
entire mark accordingly; and the weights of sugar
imported in casksor boxesshall be marked distinctly
by the custom-house weigher by scoring the figures
indelibly on each package.
Mr. SARGENT. I liope this amendment
will be concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope it will not be con-
curred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The forty-second amendment, on which a
separate vote was asked by Mr. Hill, was
read, as follows:
Strike out the following :
On flax straw, five dollars per ton.
On flax not hackled or dressed, twenty dollars per
ton; on flax hackled, known as "dressed line,"
forty dollars per ton.
On hemp, unmanufactured, forty dollars per ton.
On the tow of flax or hemp, ten dollars per ton.
On Manila, sunn, and other like substitutes for
hemp, not otherwiso provided for, twenty-five dol-
lars per ton.
And insert, so as to make tho two clauses read as
follows:
On oats, five cents per bushel.
On Manila, llussia, and other hemps, unmanu-
factured, not herein otherwise provided for, twenty-
fivo dollars per ton.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, the duty is now
fifteen dollars on flax hackle known as "dressed
line." The bill as passed the House proposes
to make it forty dollars, hackled or unliackled,
both unmanufactured. The Senate strikes out
that clause. The reason why the duties on flax
and tow should not be increased is that the
flax crop in this country is grown mainly for
the seed, and owing to dryness of the climate
most of the flax fiber produced in this country
is of a course grade, and can be used only in the
manufacture of bagging, twines, coarse towel-
ings, &c., and is not saved in sufficient quan-
tities to meet the demand. Imported flax, used
by linen-thread manufacturers, consists for the
most part of the finest grades of Irish, German,
and Russian flax, and costs more than double
the price of the American flax; therefore it
cannot come into competition with flax-grow-
ers in this country. Fine flax requires damp
climate, great care of sowing, and to be kept
free from weeds by manual labor while grow-
ing. It cannot be produced in ths finer grades
in the United States where the climate is dry.
There are only three or four flax mills in this
country producing linen thread, and they are
solely dependent on the foreign flaxes to en-
able them to produce goods equal to the im-
ported. Any increase of duties on the raw
material in any shape will drive the trade
back to the British manufacturers. There are
about seven hundred and fifty tons of foreign
flax imported annually, and it costs from
twenty-five to thirty-five cents per pound, cur-
rency, while the domestic flax costs from twelve
to eighteen cents, currency. I am informed
flax-spinning is the least protected of any man-
ufacturing interest in America, and it requires
lower duties on raw material and higher duties
on manufactured goods before it can be made
to pay. Half the spindles in America to-day
are at a stand-still.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, the House will concur
in the Senate amendment. There is a large
interest engaged in this business in this coun-
try, and a great many of the laboring classes
dependent on the success of these flax mills
for their support. An increase of duty on the
finer flax will prostrate the business, close up
the mills, and throw thousands of hands out
of employment. These manufacturing inter-
ests ought to be considered, and I hope will
not be overlooked by the members of this
House.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The forty-third amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote was asked by Mr. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts, was read, as follows:
Insert the words " sunn, eoir;" so as to make the
paragraph relating to jute read as follows :
On jute, sunn, eoir, and Sisal grass, fifteen dollars
per ton.
The amendment, was non-concurred in.
The forty-fourth amendment, on "which a
separate vote was asked by Mr. But leu, of
Massachusetts, was to reduce the duty on jute
buts from ten dollars to six dollars per ton.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The forty-fifth amendment, on which a sep-
arate vote was asked by Mr. Buckley, was
read, as follows:
Insert the following additional paragraphs:
On cotton bagging, or other manufactures, not
otherwiso provided for,_suitable for theuses to which
cotton bagging is applied, composed in whole or in
part of hemp, jute, flax, gunny bags, gunny cloth, or
other material, and valued Jess than ten cents per
square yard, two cents per pound.
On cotton, as above, valued over ten cents per
square yard, three cents per pound.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I ask that this amend-
ment be concurred in.
On concurringin the amendment there were—
ayes forty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. BUCKLEY called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the forty-ninth amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
Strike out" one and a half" and insert " one and
a quarterso ifc will read:
On steel railway bars, oneand one Quarter cent per
pound.
Mr. POTTER. I demand a separate vote
on that amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
57, noes 41.
Mr. POTTER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Potter and
Mr. Schexck were appointed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We may as
well have the yeas and nays on this.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 72, not voting
59 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Ayer, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, James
Brooks, Buckley. Burr, Benjamin F. Butler. Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Ox, Crebs, Cullom, Darrali,
Dickinson, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg,
Fitch. Garfield, Getz, Griswold, Haight, Haideman,
Hale, Harris, llawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hefiin,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knott, Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Marshall, Mayham, MeCormick, McOrary, MeKen-
zie, MeNeely, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse II. Moore,
Morgan. Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Packard, Paine,
Potter, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Schumaker,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph
S. Smith, Worthington C, Smith, William Smyth,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Stoughton, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, van Au-
ken,Van Wyek.Voorhees, Cadwalader C.Washburn,
Wells, Wilkinson, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winans, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—99.
NAYS—Messrs.Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Arnetl,
Atwood, Bailey, Barry, Bonton, Bingham, Blair,
Bulfmton, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Churchill,
Am&sa Cobb, Conger, Covode, Cowles, Davis, Dawes,
Donley, Duval, Ferriss, Fcrrx, Fisher, Gilfillan, Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, K^lley, Kellogg, ICslsey, Knapp,
Lash, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, Mercur, Wil-
liam Moore, Morphia, Daniel J. Morrcll, Myers,
Negley, O'Neill, Packer, Peek, Perce, Phelps, Por-
ter, Prosser, Sanford, Sawyer, Schonek, Scofiold,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Stevens, Stoker,
Strickland, Tanner, Taylor? Tillman, Townsend,
Upson, Wallace, Ward, William B. Washburn. Wol-
ker. Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard, and John T. Wil-
son—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ax tell, Banks, Baruum,
Beaman, Bennett, Boles, Booker, Bowenf Boyd,
George M. Brooks.Buck, Burchard, Burdett, Calkin,
Cessna, William T. Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Conner. Degener. Dickey, Dixon, Dockery,
Dox, Dyer, 351a, Fox, Gibson, Hambleton, Hamill,
Hamilton, Hogc, Holinan, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Alex-
ander H. Jones, Julian, Laflin, Lawrence, McICco,
Mihies, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Newsbam,
Palmer, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Pomcroy, Randall,
Ridgway, Roots, Shober, William J. Smith, Stark-
weather, Strader. Van Horn, Van Trump, and
Witeher—59.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
During the vote,
Mr. CALKINS stated that he was paired
with Mr. Cessna on the tax bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to, j
The Clerk read the fiftieth amendment of
the Senate, as follows:
Strike out "one and a quarter" and insert "one;"
so it will read: "and on all railway bars made in
part of steel, one cent per pound: Provided, That
metal cemented, cast, or made from iron by the Bcs*
senior or pneumatic process, of whatever form or
description, shall be classed as steel.
