2588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
April 11,
will have no time to play even under this rale
if adopted. Every one here knows that mom-
beis are continually interrupted by out-door
calls upon them. They have to go to the Depart-
ments; they have to accompany their con-
stituents there, or have to go there on business
for their constituents. This from year to year
has gone on increasing until it has become the
duty of a member of Congress to do almost
as much, or more, outside of the legislative
halls as in them. Members are thus prevented
from getting to their committees in good time.
They are called away from the sessions of the
House. The five or six days of labor during
the week are frittered away and broken in
upon because there is no particular time when
members can make arrangements to attend to
this out-door work. And I think that in the
course of the seven days, resting on the Sun-
day, if they have one day for outside work
they will transact more business than they will
by attempting to keep up steam the whole time.
It is therefore with a view to expedite the
progress of public business and enable mem-
bers to do what they have to do in the dis-
charge of their duties as Representatives of the
people here, and at the same time to facilitate
their having some fixed time for which they
may make appointments for out-door servicos
for thoir constituents, that [ propose to set
apart Saturday in this way. Gentlemen will
thus know what time they have to depend
upon. 1 move to suspend the rules 
Mr. DAWES. I ask the.gentleman to wait
a moment before making that motion. I wish
to say that I do not desire to lecture the House.
That is as far as possible from my thought. 1
stated to the House that 1 thought it was better
to let the pressure of public business determine
every man's judgment when Saturday came
round whei her we would adjourn over it or not,
although at the same time 1 did express the
opinion in the strongest terms I could that in
my j udgment we would find it absolutely neces-
sary to meet on Saturdays, and I stated the
fact that there are long appropriation bills
which for the last month we have not been
able to consider because of the bill which the
gentleman has before the House. 1 submit
that a gentleman who undertakes to trammel
the House by a resolution that they shall not
hold meetings on Saturday, but shall adjourn
over, is not the gentleman to talk to me about
"lecturing" the House upon their duty. Let
the House decide for themselves when Satur-
days come, in view of the public business,
whether they will hold sessions or not. 1 for
one am ready to sit here six days in the week,
and 1 would rather do it in April and May than
in June and <1 uly. But my friend proposes for
two months—for this and the next month—to
bind the House by a resolution that they will
not hold meetings on Saturdays. I hopo he
will not press that motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As 1 have
once or twice suggested the propriety of ad-
journing over Saturdays, I desire to state the
reason why I did it. The committees have
only an hour or an hour and a half in the
mornings practically to hear and deliberate
on questions and prepare work for the House.
The consequeneeisthatwherever acommittee,
like the Judiciary Committee, have hearings
their whole time is taken up by those hearings,
and they have no time for consideration and
deliberation. Now, if every committee of the
House should have Saturday to sit and delib-
erate, or fit for hearings, in my judgment it
would much facilitate public business. The
experiment of last Saturday shows that wc do
literally and absolutely nothing on Saturdays.
The calls on members are so great that they
are taken away, and everything is broken up by
an attempt to do more than we can do. I am
ready to sit as late and as early as anybody
and work as long. I only desire to be allowed
to work in the most convenient form.
Mr. SCHENCK. Everybody who has had
any experience here knows perfectly well
that the calls upon members are such that we
cannot get committee meetings without great
difficulty, for every gentleman has to catch the
opportunity to go to the Departments or else-
where to do his outside business when he
can, for want of some specific time when he
knows ho may do it without interruption,
giving the rest of the time to legislative busi-
ness. Now, relying on the good sense of peo-
ple outside as well as the good sense of the
members here, without any bandying of words
with the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] as to who is lecturing the House and
who is not, I will leave it to the House to de-
termine this question. I move that the rules
be suspended and the resolution adopted.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question about the resolu-
tion. I believe it provides that no motion to
adjourn shall be in order before five o'clock.
I want to ask him if he thinks wo can bind the
House in this way, so that no member can
move to adjourn, and the Houso shall be
obliged to sit?
Mr. SCHENCK. Wo can do it by suspend-
ing the rules. It is a rule which says that a
motion to adjourn shall always bo iu order.
I propose to suspend that and all other rules.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to mod-
ify the resolution so that Saturdays shall be
devoted to the Committee on Appropriations.
1 will take Saturdays.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will be perfectly in or-
der for the gentleman to move that. The reso-
tion provides that there shall be no meetings
on Saturdays, unless the House shalLotherwise
direct. He can make his motion at any time.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want any rule that
the House cannot hold meetings on Saturdays.
The question was taken on Air. Sciienok's
motion that the rules bo suspended and the
resolution adopted; and on a division there
were—ayes 61. noes 84.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof]
the rules were not suspended.
writs of error to supreme court.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was not
in the Hall this morning when the State of Mas-
sachusetts was called for the introduction of
bills and joint resolutions for reference. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce two bills now
for reference.
No objection was made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, accord-
ingly introduced a bill (II. It. No. 1701) re-
lating to the effect of writs of error to the
Supreme Court of the United States; which
was read a fir:A aud second time, and referred
to the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States.
duties illegally exacted.
Air. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (II. 11. No. 17G5) for the collection
of judgments and bettor regulation of suits by
importers ol merchandise lor illegal exactions
of duty; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
appointment op cadets.
Air. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 241) re-
lating to the mode of selecting candidates for
admission to the Military and Naval Acad-
emies; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Air. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, sub-
milted the following resolution; which wa3
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs:
Resolved, That it he, and hereby is, recommendod
that no person *1mI! be returned to the Secretary of
War or to tberieerotary of the Navy as a suitable can-
didate foradansaiori to the cadet corps of the United
States Military or Naval Academics unless he has
been found qualified,after public examination; and
it is further recommended that each member of the
House of Kepresentatives appoint a suitable com-
mittee of three or mora persons in his district as
examiners, and give notice through tho newspapers
of his district of tho time and [>laoe of suoh exam-
ination; and that the said examiners decide, not on
the evidence of scholarship and attainments alnno,
butof v igor and elasticity of body, skill and decision
of mind, and overy mark of aptitude for military
duties and services; and that each member of the
House of Representatives make returns to the Secre-
tary of War or of tho Navy oftha first three persons
so oxamined, arranged in tho order of merit, as
assigned by tho examiners,
nebraska and colorado railroad grant.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Public
Lands a bill (H. R. No. 221) granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Lin-
coln, in the State of Nebraska, to Denver, in
Colorado Territory, together with a substitute;
which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Air. KELSEY. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I must move that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr, DIXON. I ask tho gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have been trying for
some time to yield to thegentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Dixon] for some purpose. But
if objection is made, of course I cannot do it.
Air. DIXON. 1 want to move to suspend
the rules.
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to yield for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 think my friend wants
i.o bring forward his seal-fishery bill. But I
want him to promise me that he will call the
previous question.
Air. DAWES. That bill ought not to go
through under the previous question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. We have a little too
much of that kind of business.
Air. SCHENCK. Very well; let him call
the previous question after half an hour.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman from
Ohio [Air. Scbexck] yield for the purpose of
having the rules suspended?
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will call
the previous question in half an hour.
Air. DAWKS. 1 do not think such an im-
portant bill should bo passed in that way.
Air. DIXON. This is a bill to which our
attention has been called by the President of
the United States and the Secretary of the
Treasury ; and in order that tho Government
of the United States shall realize some income
from this pioperty, if any at all is to be realized,
it is necessary that this bill, or something like
it, should be passed now before it shall be too
late in tho season.
Air. DAWES. Under tho new construction
of the rule the committee of the gentleman
will be soon called.
The SPEAKER. There has been no new
construction of the rule.
Mr. SCHENCK. I connot yield for any-
thing that will take up any groat portion of the
day.
message jtkosi the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments to House
bill No. 1816, making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House; disagreed to the
amendment of the House to the third amend-
ment of the Senate to the same; agree to the
conference asked by the House upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and
had appointed Mr. Morrill of Alame, Mr,
Sawyer, aud Mr. Casseklx, as the conferees
on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
