5420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved the
amendment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the fifty-first amendment of
the Senate, as follows:
Insert the following:
Provided, That round iron in coils, throe sixteenths
of an inch or less iu diameter, "whether coated with
metal, or not so coated, and all descriptions of iron
wire, and wire of which iron is a component part,
not otherwise specifically enumerated and provided
for, shall pay the same duty as iron wire, bright, cop-
pered, or tinned; and telegraph wire shall be subject
to a duty of forty per cent, advalorem: And provided
further. That steel, commercially known as crinoline,
corset, and hat steel wire, shall pay duty at the rate
of nine cents per pound and ten per cent, ad valorem.
On rough or unfinished grindstones, $1 50 per ton ;
on finished grindstones, two dollars per ton.
On freestone, sandstone, granite, and all building
or monumental stone, except marble, one dollar per
ton.
On all sawed, dressed, or polished marble, marble
slabs, and marble paving tile, thirty per cent, ad
valorem, and in addition twenty-live cents per super-
ficial square foot not exceeding two inches in thick-
ness; if more than two inches in thickness, ten cents
per square foot, in addition to the above rate for
each inch or fractional part thereof in excess of two
inches in thickness: Provided. That if exceeding six
inches in thickness, such marble shall be subject to
the duty now imposed upon marble blocks.
On hair cloth of the description known as hair seat-
ing, forty cents per square yard,
On hair cloth known as crinoline cloth, and on all
other manufactures of hair not otherwise provided
for, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
On hair-pins made of iron wire, fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
On aniline dyes and colors, by whatever name
known, fifty cents per pound, and thirty-live per
cent, ad valorem.
On buttons and oa ornaments for dresses and out-
sido garments made of silk, or of which silk is the
component material of chief value, and containing
no woo), worsted, or goat's hair, fifty per cent, ad
valorem.
On silicate of soda, or other alkaline silicates, a
half a cent per pound.
On sporting gun-wads of all descriptions, thirty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. COX. I want the yeas and nays on that
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is a most
important one, and we want a record.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move
to concur; for that is the only way in which the
gentleman can have a vote on the amendment
of the Senate?
Mr. COX. I move to concur, so we may have
a record on this question, and I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to withdraw from
the present vote the following:
On freestone, sandstone, granite, and all building
or monumental stone, except marble, one dollar per
ton.
The SPEAKER. It is one Senate amend-
ment and cannot be divided. It must be con-
curred in or non-concurred in as a whole.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the-negative—yeas 0, nays 174, not voting
5G ; as follows :
YEAS—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Atwoocl, Ayer,
.Bailey, Banks, Barnum. Barry,iieatty, Beck, Benja-
min, Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boyd,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buliinton, Burchard, Burdett, Burr, lloderick It.
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Amasa Cobb,Coburn, Conger,
Conner, Cook, Covode, Cowles, Cox, Crcbs, Cullom,
Darrall, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Eldridge, l-'arnsworth,
ITcrriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield,
Getz, Gilfillan, Griswold, Haight, Haideman, Hale,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays',
Hcllui, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Judd, Kelley, Kerr, Ketoham, Knott, Lawrence,
Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall. May-
ham, McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, McKenzie,
McNeely, Mercur, Milnes, EliakimII.Moore, Jesse
31. Moore, William Moore. Morgan, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell, Mungen, Negley, Niblack, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peek, Perce, Phelps, Po-
land, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Reeves, Rico, Rogers,
Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Scoiield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith. Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles,
Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland, Swann,
Sweeney, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhecs, Wallace, Ward,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—174.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell.Beaman, Bennett,
Boles, Booker. Bowcn, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin,
Cessna, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke. Cleveland,
Clinton L.Cobb,Davis, Dockery, Dox, Fox, Gibson,
llambleton, Hamill, Hose, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Jenckcs. Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Kellogg, K«lscy,Knapp, Lallin, Lash, May-
nard, McGrew,McKee.SamuelP. Morrill, Morrissey,
Myers, Newsham, Orth, Paine, Peters, Piatt, Poine-
roy, Randall, Bidgway, Roots, Sanford, Sherrod,
Shobcr, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Strader.
Strong, Van Auken, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and
Witcher—56.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not certain whether
I am paired with thegentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] or not. But if he voted, I do.
If he voted to concur, I vote to non-concur.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not understand the
gentleman from New York to vote for concur-
ring in this tax on hair-pins.
Mr. COX. I voted to non-concur. I wanted
to impress the Senate with the vote of the House
on this question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Chair will now announce the result of the
vote. The nays are one hundxed and seventy-
four, and the Clerk has not reported any yeas.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order for me to
explain why I made the motion I did?
Many Members. No! no! Order! order!
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
for the gentleman to make that statement.
The Clerk read the following amendment
of the Senate, on which a separate vote was
demanded by Mr. Griswold :
On pages 101 and 102 strike out tho folio wins:
On nickel, forty cents per pound.
On alloy of nickel with copper and on nickel oxide,
thirty cents per pound.
On nickel-matto or speiss, twenty cent,sper pound.
On ores of nickel, ten percent, ad valorem.
On albata or white metal, argentine, German sil-
ver, and tho like mixed metals, and on aluminium
and its alloys, forty per cent, ad valorem.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
On nickel, twenty-five cents per pound.
On nickel oxide and alloy of nickel with copper,
fifteen cents per pound.
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 50, noes 5G; no quorum voting.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let us have
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 90, not voting
G2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Asper,
Aycr, Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Booker, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burcbaid,
Burr, Sidney Clarke. Coburn, Conner, Cook, Cox,
Orebs, Cullom, Davis Degener, Dickinson, Dyer, Eld-
ridgc,Pinkelnburg,G;ufield. Getz, Griswold. Haight,
Hawkins, Hawley, Hav, Hays, llcilin. Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott. Law-
rence, Lewis, Loughridge, Marshall, Mayhnm, Mc-
Cormick, McKcnzie, McNeely, Morgan, Niblack,
Packard, Paine, Potter, Iteeve?, Itice, Rogers, Schu-
maker, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles,
Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Twichell, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wil-
son,Winans, Winchester, and Wood-—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Bailey, Banks, Benton, Blair, Boie.% Boyd, Geoigo
M. Brooks, Bmlmton, Burdett, Benjamin E. Butler,
Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Amasa Cobb,
Conger, Covode, Cowles, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey,
Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
l^erry. Fisher, Gilrillan, Hill, Hoar, Jcnckcs, Kelley,
Kelsey, Knapp> Lash, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Packer, Palmer, Peck, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Prosser, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Soofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
William J. Smith. William Smyth, Stevens, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner, Taylor* Townsend,
Upson, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, William B Washburn. Wel-
ker,W heeler .Whitmore, Willard, Williams, and John
T. Wilson—'JO.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Atwood, Axtcll, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bennett, Bingham, Bowen, Calkin,
Cessna. William T. Clark, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Dockery, Dox, Fitch, Fox, Gibson, Haideman,
Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hoge,
Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingcrsoll, Alexander
H. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Laflin, Logan, McCrary,
McGrew, McKee, Milnes, Morphis, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Morrissey, Mungen, Newsham, Orth, Perce,
Pomeroy, Randall, Ridgway, Roots, Sherrod, Sho-
ber, John A. Smith, Worthington C, Smith, Stark-
weather. Stone, Strader, Strong, Taffe, Tillman,
Tyner, Wells, Witcher, and Woodward—62.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
enrolled joint resolutions.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 359) in rela-
tion to enlistments into the Marine corps, and
for other purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 336) for the
relief of Colonel Thomas P. McManus, of
Texas; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No- 96) authorizing
the nomination and appointment of Lieutenants
Charles H. Pendleton and Richard P. Leary
as lieutenant commanders on the active list
of the Navy.
internal taxation tariff.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes, with the amendments
of the Senate thereto.
The Clerk read the following amendment,
on which a separate vote was asked by Mr.
Potter :
On page 102, lino two hundred and sixty-three,
strike out the word "thirty" and insert in lieu
thereof tho word " twenty;" so that it will read," on
live animals twenty per cent, ad valorem."
The question was put on concurring in the
amendment; and there wer.e, on a division—■
ayes 52, noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Potter and Mr.
Maynard.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 52.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
The fifty-sixth amendment was to insert the
words "from beyond the seas" after the
words "animals specially imported for breed-
ing purposes," in the same paragraph.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House concur in this amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I hope not.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The fifty-seventh amendment was to add the
following to the same paragraph:
And provided further, That all animals brought
into the United States temporarily and for a period
not exceeding six months, for the purpose of exhibi-
tion or competition for prizes offered by any agri-
cultural or racing association, shall be admitted iree
of duty upon bond heme first given, in accordance
with regulations to bo prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, with condition that the full duty
hereinbefore imposed shall be paid in ease of tho
sale of any such animals in" the United States.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tho fift y-eighth amendment was to strike
out the following:
On oranges, lemons, pineapples, and grape?,
twenty, per cent, ad valorem ; and on limes, bananas,
plantains, shaddocks, mangoes, and cocoanuts, ten
percent, ad valorem: Provided, That no allowance
shall be made for loss by decay on the voyage, unless
the said loss shall exceed twenty-five per cent, of
the quantity, and tho allowance then made shall be
only for tho amount of loss in excess of twenty-five
per cent, of the whole quantity.
Mi*. STEVENSON. I move this amend-
ment be concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope not.
Mr. STEVENSON. This is the ridiculous
orange arrangement.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House proposed to
reduce the duty; the Senate propose to strike
out the reduction and leave the present high
duties.
The amendment was non-concurred in,
The sixty-first amendment was to strike out
