3532
TSB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
judges wherever they were seen. Up to that
time I am sure they had never been surpassed
or equaled. And the second-class steamers,
like the Pensacola, the Brooklyn, and the Hart-
ford, were as good as the first class in propor-
tion to the weight of metal which they carried.
We have never, from that day to this, heen in
so good a condition as regards the character
of the vessels composing our Navy as we were
before the war, when the expenditures of the
Government were light, never exceeding in
the aggregate $90,000,000.
' The war launched us on a broad sea of
expense. We had, it is true, no fleets of the
enemy to meet at Sea, and the war gave rise to
no great naval battles like the Nile or Trafal-
gar. But we had a coast of thousands of miles
to blockade. The gentleman from Wisconsin
who has charge of this appropriation bill be-
lieves that instead of taking the course which
was taken by the Navy Department a different
method might have been adopted of conducting
this blockade. It is easy, sir, to say so now.
It may be easy to go back and say that snch a
thing or such another thing might have been
better done. But I would ask what Depart-
ment, civil, military, or naval, looking back
on all it had done during the war, would not
see room for improvement ? The Department
did then what it thought was best. We had
to blockade these thousands of miles of coast.
Fleets had to be fitted out and transports pro-
vided, and these transports had to be pro-
tected. We had to besiege and attack Charles-
ton and Savannah and Port Royal and Mobile
and Wilmington, and other important points
on the coast. We had to open the Missis-
sippi and capture New Orleans, and , after-
ward, in slow sequence, to reduce the rebel
strongholds on the banks of that river.
The rebel piratical ctuisers that escaped
from southern ports, or stole out from the
ports of those nations who were in Sympathy
with the South to prey upon our commerce,
had to be watched and chased over half the
seas of the world. But successful as we
finally were in driving these corsairs off the
seas, it is a fact, though it may not be gener-
ally known, (the gentleman from Wisconsin
has alluded to it,) that at the time the Kear-
sarge fought and sank the Alabama oil' Cher-
bourg the American Navy had not a single
vessel that could sail, or steam with the Ala-
bama. And it was only the false confidence
of Captain Semmes in his crew and his vessel
that enabled oar sailors in the Kearsarge to
fight and sink that vessel to the bottom of
the sea.
The highest point reached was in 1865, when
the whole number of vessels in our Navy was
between six and seven hundred. But it should
be borne in mind, Mr. Chairman, that this
increase had been almost entirely of a tem-
porary character. Many vessels were fitted
out with armaments for emergencies arising
in the war which could not be available when
these emergencies passed away. Many of these
have been sold during the period which has
since elapsed. It should also be borne in mind
that while the wat was being waged the whole
energies of the country were bent toward fitting
ont armaments for transporting troops and to
carry on the war, and that the main attention
of the Navy Department was legitimately turned
in this direction. And this necessity prevented
the Navy Department during the war from giv-
ing its attention to repairs and to keeping up
the condition of the vessels that it would other-
wise have been able to maintain. Every nerve
was strained to keep up the vast extent of onr
naval armament, and every single vessel that
the Government put afloat during the war was
like a racer in a vital conflict; it had to win its
immediate race, no matter at what expense of
strength for the hereafter.
So it was found when the war ended that this
waste and depreciation had left the Navy in a
condition entiifely different from what was the
condition of the Army at that time. A regi-
ment can be raised, as was proved, in a month,
and it can be disbanded in less time. But the
expense incident to fitting out a fleet is great,
and involves a long time as compared with an
army. Its depreciation is of a kind that can-
not be repaired immediately, as that in an array
can be. When the war ended it was at once
properly determined to reduce the naval force,
to put our Navy upon a peace footing, and the
greater part of the vessels were either sold or
laid up in the yards. But all parties and all
persons admitted that we must have a respect-
able Navy. It was found, however, by the
Secretary of the Navy difficult to get appropri-
ations sufficient to keep up even a respectable
Navy. The tendency in men's minds was to
cut down military appropriations, and when
that had been done, to cut them down again,
and to follow up that second reduction by a
still further reduction. So that the Secretary
of the Navy found that while the prices of labor
and materials and everythingelsie had increased,
the money which was put into his hands by
appropriations in the years after the war was
not sufficient for him to makegood inanygreat
degree the waste of the war.
Mr. Welles, in a letter to Hon. James W.
Grimes, chairman of the Naval Committee of
the Senate, on January 29, 1868, thus refers
to this subject:
In accordance with the oft-repeated views of Con-
gress, expressed in various ways, and in consequence
ol'tho reduced appropriations, the expenditures upon
naval vessels have for the last two or three years
boen restricted to the actual account necessary to
keep a small number afloat. If vessels have not
boen needed for immediate use they were upon re-
turning from service laid up without repair. A large
expenditure will be required—largernowthan would
havo been necessary h; d the repairs been made when
the vessel went out of commission—but the funds
were not provided. It is a wise and economical
policy to repair vessels of the permanent Navy and
put their machinery in order as they return from
service, and a Government whose commercial inter-
ests are as extensive as those of the United States,
and whose naval power is so often appealed to,
should always havo vessels in readiness for any
emergency. If not required for immediate special
service they will not long remain unused, but be
needed to replace those which have been abroad for
the usual term. Such vessels «s the Hartford, Lan-
caster, Colorado, W abash, Minnesota, Susquehanna,
"Wyoming, Wacnusett, Juniata, Brooklyn, and Mo-
nongahela, are in homeports; but months will be
required to fit any one of them for service.
If those who Succeed me are embarrassed for the
want of vessels or means it shall be through no fault
of mine, for it has been my endeavor that the wants
of the service and the true interests of the country
should be faithfully presented to Congress. In my
annual reports, as well as in special communications
of the Navy Department, and in thisletter, my object
has been and is the welfare of the service.
It is a satisfaction to know that the Department is
not responsible for the perishing and non-efficient
condition of our naval vessels which remain at the
wharves unfitted and unrepaired for service.
Very respectfully,
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary Navy.
Hon. Jambs W. Gbimes, United States Senator.
This, then, was the condition of the Ameri-
can Navy when the war ended. I have gone
over this for the purpose of showing just in
what condition the present Administration
found the. Navy when it came into office,. At
that time I find, by the report of the-Secretary
of the Navy for 1869, the entire force was as
follows, The Secretary says:
"When my immediate predecessor came intoofficc,
on the9th day of March last, the Navy of the United
States then consisted of two hundred and throe ves-
sels of all classes, and in every condition.
"These measured one.hundred and eighty-three
thousand four hundred and forty-two tons, and were
calculated to carry, when in commission, thirteen
hundred and sixty-six guns, exclusive of howitzers.
"Of these ships on# hundred and'fifty-one were
wooden, and fifty-two were iron-cltd or monitors.
"Of the wooden shijis thirty-two were sailing ves-
sels; fifty-three were steamers, with some auxiliary
steam power; forty-four were steamers, without any
efficient sail power: and twenty-two were without
sail power of any kind."'
But it must be borne in ipind that of all this
force only a very small portion constituted the
active force of the Navy. It was embraced
in a small number of vessels, forty-three in
all, carrying three hundred and fifty-six guns,
and in addition to this there were six small
vessels, carrying thirty-six guns, in commission
for purposes about the coast. This was the
condition of the Navy as this Administration
found it when it came into power. It was
smaller than the British channel fleet, which
carries three hundred and ninety-one guns;
it was but little larger than the British North
American fleet, which carries two hundred
and forty-one guns; it was only about three
fourths as large as the Russian Baltic fleet; it
was little more than half as large as the Prus-
sian navy; it was smaller than the navy of
Denmark; it was smaller by two fifths than
the Spanish navy at that time, and since, in the
waters of the West Indies. And where was
this Navy? It was divided into five different
squadrons: the North American station or
squadron, the South American station, the
Pacific station, the European station, and the
Asiatic station. Now, what was the condition
of these different fleets on the 4th of March,
1869? The commander of the Asiatic squad-
ron, Rear Admiral Rowan, reported immedi-
ately after the 4th of March, 1869, that four of
his line vessels were absolutely unfit to go to
sea. He asked a survey upon them, and it was
granted. It was found that they must go out
of service; and so poor were they, worn out
in the war, that three of them had to be sold
as useless, and they were so sold. That left
him with the remnant, such as it was. And
at that time, with this force in his hands,
weakened as he was in that way, there was at
the control of the Secretary in the yards of the
United States but one vessel that was in a
condition to be sent to sea, and she required
more than two months' time to fit her out and
send her off. If his vessels had all been good,
his whole force in the vast Indian seas was a
little fleet of seventy-two guns. Where we had
one vessel there Great Britain had three, and
France had two. And it is a fact that at that
time the necessities of our commercial marine
in those waters were such that time and again
they were relieved by foreign vessels, in the
absence of sufficient American force to protect
them there.
The European squadron, under Rear Ad-
miral Radford, consisted on March 4,1869, of
i seven vessels, mounting eighty-seven guns in
! all. This was the entire force we had for the
j whole European coast, and for the dominions
of those nations with whom is most of our
| intercourse.
The South Atlantic squadron consisted of
j six vessels and fifty-six guns. The war be-
tween Brazil and Paraguay, and the compli-
cations arising therefrom, made it necessary
: that we should have a far greater force there.
The Pacific fleet covers whatever may be needed
for commercial relations along a coast of seven
thousand miles, and in it we had twelve ves-
| sels and about one hundred guns, equal to two
j good British or French men-of-war. Eight of
I those twelve vessels had to be sent to the navy-
vard at San Francisco for repairs. They were
in such condition that it was not safe to keep
them afloat longer; two thirds of the entire
squadron had to be sent there fop repairs, for
; the expenditure of money to be put upon them.
Now, I come to the West India fleet. I have
: left that purposely to the last, because it illus-
| trates more significantly than any other the
i scope of my argument as to the condition in
; which the new Administration found our Navy
| when it came into office. We all remember
\ what was the situation at that time; that affairs
i were threatening in reference to Cuba in
March, 1869. When Congress adjourned in
the month of April of last year, a resolution
j had passed this House, on one of the last days
; of the session, which gave encouragement to
| filibusters and to the advocates of the recog-
! nition of Cuban independence. Spain was
I assembling in great numbers her navy in the
; West Indian waters. Our Navy at that time
: in those waters included six vessels, the Albany,
