1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1645
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 move to amend by
striking out the pending paragraph.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
California:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in California, pay of employes, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes and sustain themselves by the pursuits of
civilized life, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, $75,000.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the words
'' Secretary of the Interior'' and inserting in
lieu thereof "Governor of the State of Cali-
fornia," so as to provide that this money shall
be expended under the direction of the Gov-
ernor of the State of California. This paragraph
applies to an entirely new subject, or at least
a subject which presents itself to our consider-
ation under a very different aspect from any-
thing that has preceded it. As is the case with
the Indians in Arizona, there is no treaty with
these Indians; but, differing in this respect
from those in Arizona, they are within an
organized State. They are generally, if not
universally, a peaceful people. There are no
Indian wars in California, nor are the troops
of the United States needed to keep the peace
between the whites and the Indians of that
State. If it is true, aa is maintained on
this floor, that under the fourteenth article of
the amendments to the Constitution these In-
dians are citizens of the United States, then
they are on the same footing as other citizens
of California, and there should be no discrim-
ination for or against them in our legislation.
The State of California is abundantly able
to protect itself and to protect them from ma-
rauding whites. If the Government, however,
is willing to give this large sum of money,
$75,000, to enable them to be educated up to
the condition of civilized men, to locate them
in permanent abodes and to give them agri-
cultural implements so that they may proceed
to earn their bread as other citizens, the ques-
tion is whether it should not be expended un-
der the direction of the Governor of that State
rather than by the Secretary of the Interior,
who lives three thousand miles away from
California, who can have no personal knowl-
edge of the condition of the various inhab-
itants or subjects in the State of California,
and who can know nothing about the condi<
tion of the Indians there. On the other hand,
the Governor of that State is a man who stands
confessedly as a pure, noble-minded Christian
gentleman who has an intimate knowledge of
all the people of California, and who will, if
this money is placed in his hands, have it prop-
erly expended for the benefit of the Indians.
Then every dollar of the appropriation will go
honestly for the purposes intended and will
inure, as we desire it, to the improvement of
the condition of these Indians.
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot consent to the
amendment proposed by my colleague. I do
not think it necessary to argae the question, as
a statement of the amendment will be sufficient
to defeat it. It changes the whole method of
taking care of the Indians in the States, shirk-
ing the duty of the General Government and
imposing it on the States where the Indians
live. But while I do not agree with theamend-
ment, still I agree with my colleague in the
main in the eulogy he has paid to the Governor
of California. Although differing with him
most decidedly in politics, believing him to be
one of the most radical men of the Democratic
party, a man of most offensive radicalism, not
only opposed to the adoption of the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution, but also coun-
seling its resistance by force, yet, sir, he is a
man of honor and of eminent personal excel-
lences. While doing honor to his purity of
character, I regret the disloyalty of his late
message on the fifteenth amendment, and de-
aounce it as the essence of secessionism, which
the people of our State will condemn and repu-
diate.
Mr. BEN J AMIN. I desire to know from the
gentleman from California whether he believes
these items of appropriations are to be expended
in a way which will ever result in any benefit
to the Indians?
Mr. SARGENT. I do; and formore specific
answer to the gentleman I will state that where
these items go over fifteen thousand or twenty
thousand dollars they are appropriations for the
Territories and States where we have no treaty
stipulations with the Indians located there, and
are intended to take the place of appropria-
tions elsewhere under treaty stipulations. For
instance, in California and Arizona there are
no treaties whatever with the Indians. We
propose, therefore, in these and other States
and Territories where we have no treaties with
the Indians, to make these appropriations to
the amount necessary for the objects for which
treaties provide. If there be any propriety in
giving the Indians assistance at all, I do not
see any reason why we should not appropriate
for the benefit of Indians in Territories where
we have no treaties. The reason is stronger,
for the Indians in such case have made no
bargains for themselves.
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia will allow me, I will make a single
remark. I think there is a fatal objection to
the amendment proposed by the gentleman's
colleague, and it is this: that there is no law
of the United States for selecting a State officer
to act as a disbursing officer of the Govern-
ment, and therefore no law imposing penalties
in case the funds appropriated by the Govern-
ment were misapplied, if so disbursed.
Mr. AXTELL. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MAYHAM. I move to strike out the
entire paragraph ; and I do so because the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Axtell] says that
the Indians in California are within an organ-
ized State, and under the governmental juris-
diction of that State. I believe the policy of
the Government in reference to the Indians
where they are in Territories of the United
States is highly objectionable; but I am not
prepared to provide an antidote for thatpolicy.
We treat them as independent Powers, as sov-
ereignties, and as such we deal with them,
making contracts and treaties with them, recog-
nizing their sovereign power. On the other hand,
at the same time that we recognize that power
we undertake to treat them as wards of the
Government, over whom we exercise a guard-
ian's care. Now, while the guardian of an
individual would not be permitted to treat with
that individual, or contract with him, we allow
the Government of the United States, in the
first place, to exercise a guardian control over
the Indian as a ward, and then the Government
makes Contracts with that ward. It seems to
me that that policy is entirely wrong.
But, sir, independently of that, when we find
that these Indian tribes are not citizens of the
United States as distinguishable from citizens
or inhabitants of a State, it seems to me that
the policy which would apply to them as simply
inhabiting a Territory is entirely inapplicable,
and that they should be remanded or com-
mitted to the care and control or the custody
of the State. That being so, it seems to me
wrong for the United States to appropriate
money for these people from the United States
Treasury; to invade the territorial domain of a
State, and to exercise a guardian control over
and pay this money for the education and
management of citizens of a State. I think the
gentleman from California [Mr. Axtell] is
right in saying that the Governor of a State
should have control of the disbursement of
this money. It is true, as the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has said, that the State
would not be liable or amenable to the Federal
authorities, and could not be held to account,
and is not therefore eligible. But I say that
the Federal Government should not undertake
to control that question, and that tbey should
pay nothing for the support of Indians who are
under the territorial jurisdiction of an organ-
ized State.
Mr. Mayham's amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Montana Territory:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Montana Territory, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes,
and to sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
lite, to bo expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, $15,000.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to ask the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] why
the Indians of the Territory of Montana, who
are more numerous than those of the other
Territories, have an appropriation of only
$15,000 while the others have $20,000?
Mr. SARGENT. Because in Montana there
are many tribes with whom there are treaties in
existence giving them specific appropriations.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to amend by
substituting "$20,000" for w $15,000." I
wish to say a few words to set myself right,
and will not obtrude any further daring this
' debate. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
i Eldridge] asked me if I indorsed the language
! attributed to General Harney. Mr. Chairman,
I I indorse the language attributed to General
1 Harney under certain circumstances. Any man
! who has ever seen an Indian camp, any man
| who is at all familiar with the Indian tribes,
j knows that where they are to be struck is at
home in their camps. When people learn the
facts they are horrified at the atrocities of
these Indians. And I desire those who assail
my people, who assail Phil. Sheridan, who
assail all who carry on war against these Indi-
ans—I desire them to read carefully, very care-
fully indeed, the report of General Sheridan
made to General Sherman. I desire also every
man who wishes to arrive at what should be the
true policy of treating the Indians to examine
that splendid chapter in Bancroft's history en-
titled "France and the Yalley of the Missis-
sippi." If the Government ofthe United States
would adopt the policy therein described there
would be less war. Bat so long at the Gov-
ernment have seen it to ftdopt a different policy
altogether .war is inevitable. ' That I may not
be misapprehended in any way,11 again repeat
that I oordially and heartily indorse the order
of General Sherman to General Sheridan, the
order from General Sheridan to General Han-
cock, the order of General Hancock to Gen-
eral De 1'robriand, and from General De Tro-
briand to Baker, and the execution of the order
by Colonel Baker, and the effective mannerin
which he executed it. And I desire here pub-
licly to thank these gallant soldiers in the name
of the people of all the Territories ofthe United
States for these orders aad their prompt exe-
cution. I know I may be denounced for enter-
taining these so-called atrodwteB sentiments;
but from my experience of the habits of the
Indians and their atrocities I know well that to
be of any service yeu must strike to hurt, in the
language of the gallant Sheridan. I say gallant
because he deserves' that title. A gentleman
remarked to me yesterday, "Mr. Cavajtaugh,
you defendSheridan because heis an Irishman.''
I do not. If he were the darkest Ethiopian on
God's earth I would defend him as cheerfully
as I do General Sheridan, although I admit
that mv heart warms to any person who has a
drop of Irish blood in his veins. I have said
this simply that 1 may not be misunderstood,
and have now said all that I desire to say on
this question.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I re-
new the amendment. I do not feel at lib-
erty to allow this bill to pass without an ex-
pression of opinion on my part in regard to
some of the elements contained in it. It is
impossible for a man to have resided upon the
frontier of the United States for twenty years
