1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'2589
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. E.
N o. 129) to amend section ten of an act entitled
An act granting lands to the State of Kansas
to aid m the construction of a southern branch
ot the Union Pacific railway and telegraph,"
in which joint resolution the concurrence of
the House was requested.
tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
Mr. INGEKSOLL. Let us go to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 76, noes 43.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
tor other purposes.
The following paragraph was read:
On women's and children's dress goods, and onreal
or imitation Italian cloths,composed wholly or in part
of wool, worsted, the hair of goats or other animals,
weignmg less than 4 ounces per squareyard, and val-
ued atnotexceeding20 cents per squaro yard, (3 cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto. 35 percent.
art valorem; it weighing less than 4 ounces per square
yard andvaluedatover20centspersquareyard,8cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, 40 per cent.
if washing 4 ounces or over pel square
yard, 50 cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, 35
per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That on gray or un-
coiored merinos or delaines, weighing less than 4
ouncesper square yard, compose 1 wholly of-wool, and
valued atnot exceeding 20centspcr square yard the
duty shall be6centsper square yard, and, in addition
thereto, 25 per cent. ad valorem,- weighing less than
4 ounces per square yard, and valued at over 20 coats
per square yard, tho duty shall bo 8 cents p°*r square
yard, aud, in addition thereto, 30 per cent, ml va-
lorem.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by inserting after the word
''animals," in line one hundred and eighty-
one, these words, " and silk not being a com-
ponent material thereof of chief value."
^ Mr. COX. I do not know that I understand
tflis amendment precisely ; but unless the gen-
tleman from Ohio [.Mr. Schexokj will explain
it, and if he will I will give way to him, 1 pro-
pose to speak generally upon the subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. Tho provision in the par-
agraph is designed to regulate the duty upon
women's and children's dress goods, and on
real or imitation Italian cloths, composed
wholly or in part of wool, worsted, tho hair of
goats or other animals. The Committee of
Ways and Means now propose to insert after
the word "animals'' the clause "and silk not
being a component material thereof of chief
value. ' The reason of this amendment is
that other parts of the bill lis the rates upon
silk in its various shapes, and goods of which
silk is the component part of chief value.
The amendment is designed to prevent a con-
tradiction between different parts of tho bill,
so that there may be no misconstruction.
Mr. COX. I do not propose to oppose that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. _ I move to amend after the word
"animals," in line one hundred and eighty-
one, so as to make the duty on these goods 25
per cent, ad valorem. In making this motion
I wish to call the attention of the House to a
paper which tho gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciienck] repudiated the other day when I
introduced it, with respect to another class of
goods—cotton cloths. I think the gentleman
will now see the necessity of having this sort
of information; it is so pertinent now. The
paper to which I refer is the statement of
Benkard & Hutton, importers, 144 Duane
street, New York, with reference to the pres-
ent duties on woolens and dress fabrics. This
statement shows, what the gentleman ought to
understand, that on worsted and cotton dress
goods there is now an immense ad valorem,
duty, going in many cases far beyond 100 per
cent., ranging, perhaps, from 00 to 120 per
cent, or more. By this paper, which has on
it the notes of admiration to which the gen-
tleman referred, I find'that printed warp mo-
hair pays a duty of 109 per cent. ; melange
mohair, 109 per cent.; poplin, 110 per cent. ;
lavellas, 128 per cent.; ginghams, 109 per
cent.; printed jaconets, 112 per cent. Then
look at the duty on woolens. French beaver
cloth, 107 per cent.; chinchilla overcoating,
100 per cent.; Vervier doeskins, 111 percent.;
Aix laChapelle castor, 11G per cent.: Vervier
Moscow overcoatings, 134 per cent., &c.
Thus it will be seen that when my col-
league [Mr. BbooksJ made a motion the other
day to reduce this tax on woolen goods to
100 per cent., he had a basis to go on; and
it ought to excite tho surprise of the coun-
try that when we are legislating here on this
tariff, and when a motion is made to cut
down this enormous taxation to only 100 per
cent., it is voted down by llepublicans. This
is evidence that this House intends to drive
this measure through ; that the only appeal we
have is to the people; for the gentlemen on
the other side of the House, with the excep-
tion of a few noble men who are contending
against this oppressive taxation, are at work
day and night under great impulses, to keep
up the inordinate taxation on these woolen
and other fabrics. These fabrics are worn by
all the people; they are made by compara-
tively few. In the woolen manufactures of
this country, not more than 90,000 people
are engaged, while the consumers amount to
40.000,000.
As for other matters connected with this
woolen business I refer gentlemen to the nn-
ccmtroverted and incontrovertible statements
of Mr. Wells, Special Commissioner of liev-
enuo. My colleague [Mr. Bbooks] referred
the other day to a paper made out by Mr. A.
I. Stewart, the eminent New York merchant.
It is now before me, signed by him. Perhaps
gentlemen on the other side will say that he is
an importer. I am already reproached here
because I speak on behalf of the importers.
While advocating the interests of the con-
sumers and producers, the great body of the peo-
ple, I represent a commercial city; 1 am proud
to speak for commerce. It has been the civil-
izer since history began; without it our nation
would be a dead, inert mass. In defending the
importer I defend cheap imports. Cheap im-
ports are in the interests of the people. But
if I were in the interest of the importer, as
gentlemen on the other side have asserted, I
have as much right to speak for special classes
as gentlemen on the other side ; espeeiaMy
when the importers do not ask any favors, but
ask simply to be let alone by the Government
in their interchanges abroad. They want com-
merce to be free. They do not ask bounties.
They do not beg gratuities of tho Govern-
ment. They ask that you may take olf the tax
on tlieir shipping and imports and give them
a fair show, especially when revenue does not
require you to do otherwise.
Mr. Stewart, in this paper, says truly, and
the gentleman from Ohio will not controvert
the authority, that the duty on woolen blankets
of one kind is 3i2 per cent, ad vahre?n, 235 per
cent, on another, 21U per cent, on another, 2l:>
per cent, on another, and 157 per cent, and 117
per cent, on other kinds. On broadcloth the
duty is, on one kind, 81 per cent., and oil
another 70, and other kinds 89 and 84 ; and
on doeskins it is 8-1 per cent, ad valorem.
The fact has transpired in this discussion
that while the finer class of cloths used by the
rich is taxed lightly, the cheaper cloths, used
by the poor people of the country, by some
sort of unrepubhean and undemocratic dis-
crimination, are taxed much higher.
1 have received a statement from Barry
Brothers, Boston, of an actual importation of
100 dozen of men's merino undershirts. The
undershirts cost in England £150,' equal to
$726 in gold. When landed in this country,
with 11 per cent, added by the importers for
profits, they amounted to $1,009 47. This
gives tho American manufacturer an actual
protection equal to 127 per cent!
Barry Brothers make a very significant state-
ment in their letter. They say if our currency
were at par the amount of duties and charges
would be $182 52 (gold reckoned at a premium
of 12 per cent.) less to pay on the entire in-
voice. _ Thus, on an invoice of goods costing
$72G in American gold a tax of $182 S2 is
levied on the consumer by the agency of our
irredeemable paper currency. What a telling
fact this is to show how an irredeemable paper
currency and tariff impoverish the people!
Yet gentlemen call this a fair, impartial tariff!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. 8C11ENCK. Mr. Chairman, lam neither
going to fight for tho importers nor the manu-
facturers. I want the gentleman from New
York to understand, as far as I know, my battle
shall be made for the Government and the
people of the country. He says all the im-
porters ask is to be let alone. VvTe are just
letting them alone by this provision. It is but
the reiinactmenl of the present law in regard
to this class of woolen goods, with such change
of phraseology as is necessary.
So far as the goods mentioned by the gen-
tleman are concerned, wilhout further provis-
ion, on gray cloths, those not yet colored, we
I put the duty lower than under the present law.
I for the reason we think it is not right that the
colored goods, completely finished goods, and
gray goods which have not yet been colored,
not yet prepared to be put on the market in
that shape, should continue as now to pay the
same rate of duty. We do not put the finished,
the printed, or colored goods higher than they
are now, but leave them where they are now,
putting the gray or unfinished goods down
somewhat more.
1 know the tariff on woolen goods is high ;
but 1 know it is made necessary if you are
going to keep up protection to the farmers and
wool-growers on t lie wool of the country; and
1 know much of this outcry in regard to the
great percentage of duty imposed on certain
very cheap things is more a bugbear than any-
thing else. If it be there are goods which
could be imported for 2 or 3 cents a yard, so
mean, so thin, so utterly worthless to be put
upon our markets by the groat capitalists
abroad, 1 do not care if they are charged ;?U0
or 500 percent, instead of 100 per cent, or 50
or 40 or 25 per cent.
One of my colleagues on the committee, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoopeb, ]
has received very recently a letter on this sub-
ject, an extract of which I ask to have read
from the Clerk's desk, as it is pertinent to this
very point.
The Clerk read as follows:
"You perceive that those articles which are marked
with so high a rato of duty when carried out to a per-
centage must bo very mean, trashy goods. Theyare
fit only to sell, except that they are made to serve a
purpose by tho free-traders and of use to them in
quoting. Think ol' 'mohair droos goods' costing  s
low as i'i cents per yard, and 'worsted lavcllos' as
low as 1-i cent. What if such shabby goods are made
to pay over 100 per ccnt., practically it is of no ac-
count, because but few would be imported and fur
the interests of the consumers none ought to he.
When 0-4 French beaver cloths andMoseowcoatings,
weighing over 00 ounces per yard, are quoted at a
little over 91 cost ser yard, it is because they are made
of shoddy, and when the tariff wasmade it was con-
ceded on all hands that shoddy goods ought to pay
a high duty."
Mr. SCHENCK. I hold in my hand this
bugbear, in the shape of a tabular statement
of the duties to which the gentleman lrotu
New York has so frequently and pathetically
referred. I find certain cotton goods, ging-
hams, jaconets, &c., put down as costing only
2} cents per yard, and therefore the duty of
2," 3, or 5 cents imposed upon them is repre-
sented as an enormous duty. So it is, in pro-
