1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
without having formed some opinion in regard
to the best treatment of tlie Indians and the
policy which the Government should pursue
in its future action toward them. There are
two classes of appropriations contemplated in
this bill. One class is exclusively for the fulfill-
ment of Indian treaties, and the other is for
donations to Indians who have had no treaties
made with them. I concur most fully in the
position assumed by the gentleman from Ari-
zona. [Mr. McCormick,] that if any donations
are to be made to the Indians they should be
made for sucli purposes as will encourage in
the Indians habits of fixedness, of industry,
and of economy.
All these clauses contain one little phrase
which destroys the whole value of the bill to the
Indians themselves; it is "For presents of
goods." What does that mean? How is it
universally construed on the frontier? Sir, I
have seen annuities opened Where there would
be three hundred Leghorn bonnets of an old-
fashioned style turned out for the squaws, and
a hundred pairs of kid slippers. The old rem-
nants of stores are bought at wholesale, and sent
out to the frontier to be distributed among the
Indians. These things come under the name
and head of presents for the benefit of Indians.
Sir, if you would take the money you have
agreed to pay to these tribes of Indians under
the treaties, and pay it to them for labor, even
upon their own reservations, you would en-
courage in them habits of industry. It is
better to give them money for their day's work,
and then give them the crops they raise, than
to bestow the money upon men who buy up
old stocks of goods that white people will
not buy, and take them out .to the frontier
to distribute them to the Indians. We should
encourage in the Indians habits of industry,
economy, and prudence, and you can only
do that by placing in the Indian's hand every
night the compensation for his day's work.
Every gentleman upon this floor who knows
anything about the Indian knows this to be
true of him: he cannot understand how
he is to plant a potato to-day and dig the pro-
ceeds of it next fall. He wants to see every
night the result and fruits of his labor. If you
will take the money you agree to pay to the
Indian and pay it to him for his work on his
own field, and then give him the crop in the
fall, you will have established habits which will
be beneficial to the Indians through all time.
I agree with the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
BE\JAum,3 that not one half of the money
appropriated here for the Indiaes ever goes to
them at all, and what does go to them is an
unmitigated curse.
What else do you see upon the frontier?
When an annuity ia to be paid the Indians are
gathered together by thousands. I have seen
little two and a half pound blankets split into
four quarters and a quarter given to each of
four squaws, and they go away disgusted and
dissatisfied and unwilling further to fulfill the
conditions of their treaties. They see that
when an annuity is distributed among an entire
tribe it amounts to nothing to each individual.
These are some of the evils of our present
system of dea}ing with the Indians. The fault
of this bill is that it allows the Indian depart-
ment, in all its ramifications, to apply just as
much as it pleases of the money appropriated
under the term "presents in goods, ' whereas
if the money were devoted to payment for
employment and labor the moral and physical
condition of the Indians would be improved,
and you would find them gradually growing up
into a condition of civilization that all our
experiments thus far have failed to produce,
i withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to strike out the
entire paragraph.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the paragraph
be read.
The paragraph was read, as follows:
For the general incidental expenses of tho Indian
service in Montana Territory, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to iooato in permanent abodes
and to sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
life, to be expended under tho direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, $15,(xx).
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to hear
from the gentleman who has charge of this bill
[Mr. Sargent] why this item is inserted? Is
it in pursuance of any treaty?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then why are these
appropriations continued ? The Delegates from
all the Territories seem to be against them.
Everybody who lives on the frontiers or who
has been among the Indians seems to be
against them. It seems to be the unanimous
testimony of all, except some gentlemen in
this House and about Washington here, that
this purchase of trinkets and goods of various
sorts for the Indiaus is a nuisance ; that it does
no good but rather great harm, and that it is
a squandering of the public money. Then why,
in the name of common sense, should we con-
tinue these appropriations from year to year?
We have the same discussion on this subject
every session of Congress. Everybody admits
that these appropriations are useless ; that they
are an injury to the Indiansand to the country.
And yet we go on from year to year and make
these appropriations. Gentlemen sit here and
vote for these appropriations even after it is
agreed all around that we ought not to do so.
In this way we have appropriated millions and
millions of the people's money. In God's
name, why should we do it?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
ailow me to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I would like to know
if the Delegates from the Territories are really
opposed to these appropriations?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They may say that
they would be glad to get all the money appro-
priated that they can, and have agents go out
to their Territories and spend it there. Yet
those of the Delegates who have occupied the
floor here this afternoon have said that these
presents are a nuisance and a damage to the
Indians, and to all parties.
Mr. LAWRENCE. That relates to the mode
in which these presents have been made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How do you expect
them to be made hereafter ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I expect the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to make them in a rea-
sonable and proper mode.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman cer-
tainly does not expect the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs to go out there in person to attend
to this matter. It must be attended to through
his agents. And does the gentleman expect
that we will have any better agents hereafter
than those we have heretofore had in Arizona
with jewsharps, or in Washington with pieces
of blankets and ribbons?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not expect any such
thing. I only want to know if the Delegates
from the Territories are opposed to these ap-
propriations.
Mr. SARGENT. I deny that any jewsharps
are now or have been bought by the Indian
fund. I deny that the money proposed to be
appropriated by this paragraph is to be ex-
pended for any such foolish purpose. I deny
that it is to be expended for blankets to be
each cut in four pieces, and a piece to be given
to one of these Indians. I say that such state-
ments are mere extravagances, and have no
foundation at all in reason.
Mr. FERRY. Nor in fact.
Mr. SARGENT. No, nor in fact. And I
say furthermore that the objection made here
does not go to an item like this in this bill in
any event. I believe that by the distribution of
money to the Indians under treaty stipulations
we have furnished them with the means of
intoxication. I believe that many of the white
people of the Territories would be very glad
to have no goods whatever go into the hands
of the Indians, but to have money alone paid
out to them, in order that it might be obtained
from them for intoxicating drinks, thereby
doing the Indians no good, but infinite mischief,
while the rum-sellers of the Territories would
be enriched by their traffic with the Indians.
I have no doubt that some of the agents sent
out to distribute annuities to the Indians have
been dishonest men; that they have favored
the designs of bad men in the Territories, who
have cheated the Indians out of benefits they
might otherwise have derived from the appro-
priations that have been made for them by
Congress ; but I deny that the funds being ex-
pended under this Administration are wasted
in such articles as those described, or such
practices are tolerated by the Indian Commis-
sioner. Such frauds when heretofore com-
mitted have been under treaty annuities and
not under items like this. But because out-
rageous transactions of that kind have taken
place would you leave the Indians in these
Territories to perish? Is there no charity to
be extended to them hereafter? We have seized
their lands, acre upon acre; in some cases by
force and violence, in other cases by pretended
treaties. But the pressure of the nation in
each case was felt, and the Indian was driven
further and further back until he is now located
in inhospitable regions, such places as those
described to-day by the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Burdett] as the desolate region
through which they want to run a railroad—
regions where scarcely a bird can subsist. It
is in such a country that we have placed the
Indians; and we propose to say to them, "You
must stay there and starve; you must not dare
to take a horse or a cow from the white man;
no matter to what desperate extremity of need
you may be driven, you must not dare to
infringe in the least particular upon the white
man's rights; you must not attack him when
traveling across your country, in order that
you may possess yourself of the means of sub-
sistence which he may carry with him." That
is the antidote which we propose to administer;
and that is the effect of the amendment now
pending before the committee. Why, sir,
this little appropriation here is all that there
is to keep in motion the whole Indian machin-
ery of that Territory, where there are some
thirty thousand Indians. By means of this
appropriation we propose to see that the
goods provided for by treaties are not wasted,
that the money designed for the good of the
Indians is spent for its legitimate purposes so
as to benefit the Indians for whom it is intended.
The sum named in the bill is less than the
amount that was appropriated last year for this
purpose.. I believe every dollar of the money
will be fairly and judiciously expended.
I wish to say right here that the present
Commissioner of Indian Affairs is, in myJudg-
ment, a man of the most honest purposes; that
he has at heart the interests of the Indian race,
to which he himself belongs. I believe he
intends that every dollar we appropriate shall
be honestly expended. Furthermore, I would
like to say to gentlemen who criticise this bill,
and move to strike out paragraphs here and
there, that it proposes to expend $3,000,000 less
than was appropriated last year, and $1,500,-
000 less than the estimates for the ensuing
year. I ask whether this fact should not be
considered in any action which the House may
take upon this bill? The House may, if it
chooses, vote down the bill entirely; but let it
not be done on the ground that the measure is
extravagant; for it is as economical a bill as
can possibly be devised by any committee of
this House, provided we intend to seek the real
benefit of the Indians and fulfill our obligations.
1 therefore hope that the amendment will not
be adopted,
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I move
pro forma to amend the amendment by strik-
ing out the last word. I wish to say to the
