334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
question, this fundamental question, this ques-
tion of the highest privilege and import post-
poned one minute longer than is necessary to
take the vote on the subject.
Mr. SAWYER. I trust, Mr. President, that
this motion to postpone will not prevail. I
have listened to the debate anxious to hear
some reason given by those who desire to post-
pone the measure why it should be postponed.
I have as yet heard no reason stated why we are
not as ready to act on the question now as we
shall be a month hence.
The only real question which seems to me
to admit of doubt here is whether the mem-
bers of the Assembly of Virginia are or are
not excluded rightfully from their positions by
being under the ban of the fourteenth amend-
ment. It has not been asserted on the floor
of the Senate this morning, or if so I have not
heard it, that there is any member of that Legis-
lature who would be excluded from it by the
disabilities which are imposed by the third
article of the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution. If that be the chief difficulty in the
way, that the members of either house of the
Legislature of the State of Virginia are dis-
qualified by the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment, it is a very simple matter to pro-
vide for their taking an oath that they are not
so disqualified. They will then be shut out.
But the idea that the members of that Legis-
lature should take the test-oath is an entirely
new one so far as my observation of any of the
other States which have been reconstructed
goes. It is certain that the members of the
Legislatures of the reconstructed States already
admitted to representation have not been
required to take the test-oath. It is certain
that the members of no convention which has
been called under the acts of reconstruction
t.o form constitutions for the several States
already admitted to representation have been
required to take the test-oath. If we should
now insist upon the taking of the test-oath by
the members of the Virginia Legislature it
would be exacting new conditions after they
have complied with the conditions already laid
down.
Unless it^can be distinctly shown that the
people of Virginia have not complied with the
conditions which were laid down in the act
under which their constitution was formed I
believe the good faith of the Republican party
requires that we should pass the joint reso-
lution which has been reported by the com-
mittee, and without delay. I do not conceive
that it is a matter of no moment whether it is
passed to-day, to-morrow, ornext week. The
State of Virginia stands knocking at the doors
of the Capitol for her rights in the Union of
the States. She lias complied in letter and
form with all that we asked of her.
If I understood the remarks of the Sena-
tors rightly here this morning, the real objec-
tion to her admission is not that she has not
complied in form and letter with the acts of
reconstruction, but it is that life and property
and person are not as safe in Virginia as we
might desire they should be. And here let me
say to Senators that acts of Congress will never
make life and property safe in the southern
States; that test-oaths will never make life
and property safe in those States; that relying
011 that kind of legislation to insure peace in
the States of the South will prove to be relying
on a broken reed, and the sooner we dispos-
sess ourselves of the idea that this or that
particular oath, this or that particular quali-
fication for public office in those States will
conduce to the preservation of the rights of
liberty and property, the better it will be for
usjind for the people of those States.
For thirty years in the States recently in in-
surrection there has been a rule, not of law,
but of violence. For thirty years preceding the
rebellion there was but one class of sentiments
that could be expressed with safety in the
South. Let me ask Senators if they suppose,
after the excitement of the last eight years,
with all the passions aroused by the war, with
every incentive to violence and outrage which
has been presented by the war and the years
which followed it, that society shall so sud-
denly change in those localities that we shall
have in places where outrage and violence have
prevailed for years the peace and good order
which prevail in Massachusetts? Those who
expect it may look in vain to statutes, to test-
oaths, to exclusions under this or that amend-
ment of the Constitution. Sir, there are cer-
tain evils in those States which can be cured
by time and by time only, and the civilization
which will be sure to come upon those people
now that the root of bitterness, the fountain
of all the evils almost which afflict those socie-
ties has been taken from them. The violence,
the spirit of lawlessness and disorder which
prevailed in the South for years before the war
is the same spirit which prevails now. It arose
from the peculiar relations of the subject race
to the dominant race in those States, and our
legislation will not cure it.
We must not forget that nine tenths, I had
almost said ninety-nine hundredths of the pop-
ulation in those States were in the rebel army
and active participants in the rebellion; and
when we undertake to govern those States
without making use of that element of the
population we are attempting to make bricks
without straw, to use the language of one of
the generals who commanded one of our mili-
tary districts. There is not, I believe, one
single commandant of a military district who
has not in his reports to the War Office said
that one thing needful for a correct admin-
istration of the duties of his office there was
the repeal of the test-oath or its modification.
Shall we presume that we are always wiser than
those men who^ have been brought into this
direct contact with the people of those States?
When general after general, men in whose
patriotism, in whose statesmanship, and in
whose Republicanism, speaking in a partisan
sense even, we have the highest confidence, rec-
ommend certain things to be done as necessary
to good order and law there, do we stand here
to impose new conditions and restrict within
yet narrower limits the field from which we
may select good officers ?
Sir, Virginia, unless I am grossly misin-
formed, has complied with all the conditions
which were laid down in the act for her recon-
struction. Congress stands pledged to Vir-
ginia, to the country, to its own self-respect
and good faith, to admit her to representation
by the adoption of the joint resolution now
before ns. Delay is simply for the purpose of
remanding her to a state of military govern-
ment. That is what it means; that is what
every Senator who votes for the postponement
of this joint resolution has in his eye. It is to
remand the State of Virginia to military gov-
ernment and wait until she shall elect as mem-
bers of her Legislature, and as members of
Congress, those who agree with us in nolitical
faith.
Mr. President, from the bottom of my heart
I am a Republican. I believe the principles
of the Republican party are the principles on
which alone the administration of this Govern-
ment can go on prosperously for the nation.
I believe that the duty of the patriot at this
time and for the last seven or eight years is
and has been to be a Republican. I believe
that the principles of the Republican party are
the principles of true republicanism. But, sir,
if we are to take the ground that we will not
admit a State to her practical relations with
the Union until she sends to us Representa-
tives and Senators who are professors of the
faith of the Republican party, I submit that I
know not why I stand on this floor; I submit
that I know not the mission of the Republican
party. I believe that were that our object, we
should by a postponement of this resolution
do more to defeat the true interests of repub-
licanism, than we should by admitting a State
every one of the members of Congress from
which had to have his disabilities removed
before he was admitted, and everyone of whom
would vote with our Democratic opponents.
I have seen something in the past few years
of the effect of political proscription, and I
know that there are all over the South hun-
dreds and thousands of men who but for the
test-oath would have been with us to-day,
acting with the Republican party and support-
ing the acts of reconstruction in good faith.
I believe the cardinal evil of the reconstruction
measures as originally passed was the exclusion
of those men who were the natural leaders of the
southern people from participation in the form-
ation of the new governments. While those men
are where they can exercise no political power,
where they can hold no political office, they do
not hold themselves responsible for the disorder
and peace of the communities in which they
live. Take from them those disabilities which
lie upon them, and then you can say to them
" you are as responsible as I am for the peace
and good order of this community." But
while men who have high social position in
the community, men who have the natural and
acquired capacity for administering the duties
of the offices in their neighborhood are pro-
scribed from holding them, you cannot with
any sort of reasonableness call upon them to
assist you in doing work from which you have
by statute excluded them.
But, Mr. President, I do not wish to make
any extended remarks on this subject at this
time. I rose for the purpose of asking any
Senator who knows a good reason why the joint
resolution should be postponed to state it now.
I want toknow whether thereason is what I have
imagined it perhaps to be, and that is to pass
some other bill, which will throw the State of
Virginia_ba_ck under military authority, and un-
do practically all that has been done in the last
year, with the approval of the Administration,
with the approval of a large majority of the
people of Virginia, with the approval of a large
majority of the Republican party in the State
of Virginia, with the approval of not-merely
the successful but the unsuccessful candidate
for Governor in that State. I want to know
what reason there is for postponing this reso-
lution, when I believe it can be safely asserted
that that eminent officer of the Government
who has had the supervision of this recon-
struction, knowing all the facts, having been
in daily and hourly contact with the people of
Virginia of all classes, is at this moment of the
opinion that the wisest thing for Congress to
do is to pass this resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I must confess, Mr. Presi-
dent, that, I do not understand the hot haste
with which certain Senators press this measure.
I ask to have it go over until Thursday, two or
three days, and I do it for the reason that I
think we shall then be better prepared to act
upon it and more likely all to concur in it.
That Virginia is to come in, and come in soon,
no man here doubts ; but I suppose we have a
right to look at the matter; we have a right to
read and know something more upon the sub-
ject, and I think some of the Senators who
have spoken, especially the last Senator, ought
to have at least three days to study this ques-
tion._ He tells us that we are pledged to admit
Virginia. If that Senator understood better
the history of our legislation here he would
know that we have given no such pledge what-
ever. We have given no assurance, no pledge
to Virginia that we will admit her. It is not
in the law, it is not in the debates, it is not in
reason; and I advise Senators who hold that
view 
Mr. SAWTEiR. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Not now. I advise Senators
who hold that view to take at least three days
to study the question. Some of us have been
here during the whole of this discussion, have
rea,d the laws, have helped to frame them,
understand the debates, and think we know a
little something about the general purposes of
