1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4479
the final question is submitted to the House.
I desire to speak especially and particularly to
the resolutions reported by the majority and
the minority of that committee.
The resolutions reported by the majority in
a few words comprise three distinct proposi-
tions :
First. The recognition of an existing armed
contest for liberty in Cuba.
Second. The neutrality of the United States
in that contest.
Third. To place Cubans upon an equal foot-
ing with Spaniards in regard to intercourse and
trade with the United States.
Those propositions, Mr. Speaker, comprise
all there is of the joint resolution as reported
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs through
its chairman. One would suppose, sir, thatit
was almost impossible for any fair-minded man,
who was earnestly desirous that this country
should maintain a proper and legitimate posi-
tion and action throughout this contest, could
possibly take exception or find fault with pro-
positions of this character. But, sir, my objec-
tion to them was, that in view of the temper
and of the action of the Administration, which
after all is obliged'to execute the acts of Con-
gress; in view of the policy, principles, and
practices of this Administration from its com-
mencement, this resolution would practically
be of no avail in the direction which Congress,
by the adoption of these resolutions, might indi-
cate. Therefore I did not deem it my duty to
take any part in the discussion, because 1 did
not regard it as being- of any practical advan-
tage or aid to the accomplishment of the object
which that committee and which the people
of the United States desire.
Now, as to the minority report, I take no
especial exception to it. There is a significant
agreement between the majority report and the
minority report. The minority say that what
they desire is to maintain neutrality on the
part of the Government of the United States.
Why, that is all that the majority report sub-
stantially proposes—that the Government of
the United States shall be neutral between these
contending parties; that its military and its
naval force and its administrative authority
and power shall not he exercised either way,
and that this Government shall be in fact, and
shall remain neutral, as between these contest-
ants on the island of Cuba.
Sir, the minority report proposes to amend
the neutrality law of 1818. It proposes to
amend it by declaring in terms what the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall not permit
to be done ; what the President, under its con-
struction, its wrong construction in my opin-
ion, of those laws has permitted to be done.
He has permitted gun-boats to be fitted out in
the port of New York. He has permitted
almost as large a tonnage of Spanish armed
vessels to go to the aid of Spain as Spain her-
self had sent to the island of Cuba to put down
the insurrection there. He has accomplished
all that he can accomplish, in my judgment, in
misconstruing the neutrality law of 1818.
The minority propose to amend the act so
that it shall clearly bear the construction
which the majority desire to give to it. The
majority give a certain construction to the neu-
trality act, and the minority only propose to
amend it so that it shall bear the construction
which the majority consider ought to be given
to the act and to be acted on by the Adminis-
tration. For these reasons I have not sup-
posed that there was any very material dif-
ference between the two reports. _ 1 do^ not
think that practically and substantially cither
report would give any great aid to the Cuban
cau^e.
15nt, sir, the President has seen proper, in
the pursuance of what no doubt he deems his
right and what he considers to be bis prerog-
ative, to send to this House a message upon
this question. I do not deny the right of the
Executive to make suggestions with reference
to the legislation of Congress. It is his consti-
tutional duty to do so. I do not deny the right
of the President to instruct Congress in all
possible ways by the transmission of all such
information as in the Executive Departments
may come to his knowledge, in order to enable
us to legislate intelligently and properly. 1
am in favor, sir, of maintaining all the original
authority and power of the Executive as an
independent, coordinate department of this
Government; coordinate in all respects with
the legislative power within the purview of
the Constitution and within the limitations of
the original organization of the Government.
Thus far I am with the President, but no fur-
ther. When, sir, the President exceeds this
authority; when ho steps over that narrow
limit, which, though narrow, is yet welt defined
by the practice aud the precedents of this Gov-
ernment; when lie attempts not only to coerce
but to threaten and insult Congress, then, in
my judgment, does the Executive exceed the
legitimate constitutional power to which he is
entitled.
Now, sir, has the President done this ? What
is the history of this question ? When we
assembled here in December last the Cuban
cause was on every man's tongue as a prosper-
ous and successful one; and the' only ques-
tion that presented its'elf to this House was
whether we should by some positive prop-
osition—not by any negative proposition like
this—take the initiative in giving direction to
the will of the American people upon this
question.
The President sent in his annual message;
and, with all the weight and power and author-
ity which always accompanies a document of
that character emanating liom the executive
head of this Government, it not only prevented
any-action on the part of Congress, but it
tended to mislead the American people in
regard to the contest in Cuba. I do not com-
plain of that; the President may have been
under a misapprehension as to the facts in
regard to Cuba. The President must have
received his information from some source ;
and, like other man, he no doubt is liable to be
occasionally misled and deceived.
What is the next step in the history of this
matter? In March last the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] arose in his place
here and presented to the House a resolution,
for which he asked unanimous consent, direct-
ing the Committee on the Judiciary to investi-
gate in what manner a certain report with refer-
ence to the gold panic in New York got into the
newspapers in advance of its being presented to
the House. The resolution was directed exclu-
sively to that one subject. I withdrew an objec-
tion which I had made to the resolution, and it
was passed unanimously, directing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to pursue that investi-
gation. The gentleman, from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] is a member of that committee.
A sub-committee was appointed, of which the
gentleman from Massachusetts was made the
chairman.
Now, what did that gentleman do? After
instituting some inquiries in reference to the
investigation directed by the House on his
motion, he then proceeded to the investigation
of an entirely different subject, a subject over
which he had no jurisdiction—the subject of
the issue of Cuban bonds. He made that
investigation; and, in advance of his report
thereon being submitted to this House, the
newspapers got hold of it. And there is a very
singular coincidence in the matter. The news-
papers got hold of that part of the report and
testimony which implicates members of this
House, and it was published but a few days
before, as previously agreed on, this subject
came up in this House for discussion and final
action. I have no doubt that gentleman will
follow up the matter of the Cuban bonds by
showing upon this floor that Spain has done
nothing to influence the action of this House.
But put these two things together: that the
gentleman investigated the question of Cuban
bonds when he had no jurisdiction over the
subject, and that there was a premature pub-
lication of that part of it which was calculated
to influence the action of this House against
the report of one of its committees ; and then
the passage in the message of the President
which refers directly to the fact that Cuban
bonds have been issued—I say put these two
circumstances together, and it will be found
that this message is the most extraordinary one
ever sent to Congress by a President of the
United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to interrupt him a single
moment ?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I simply
desire to say to thegentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] what I said when the subject was
referred to the other day, that the information
which was published in regard to Cuban bonds
did not come in any way or in any degree
from the committee of which I am a member,
and it was furnished in no way and in no degree
from that source. „
Mr. BANKS. Allow me to ask my colleague
if he has not exhibited to the members of this
House sundry of these Cuban bonds?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cer-
tainly will answer. I have exhibited Cuban
bonds to half a dozen members of this House ;
every one of which were from the pockets of
reporters of a city newspaper, taken from their
pockets not by force, but by paying fifteen
cents on the dollar therefor.
Mr. BANKS. Why has not the gentleman
made his report? I am told that he has had
this subject under consideration for nearly three
months.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
already said that I have brought the matter
before the Committee on the Judiciary in the
form of a request that the committee would
require the attorney of the Cubans to disclose
the contract under which $2,000,000 of these
bonds were deposited. That question is now
before the committee.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bctt.er] has no right to state what has trans-
pired or what is transpiring before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary unless he has the per-
mission of the House to do so.
The SPEAKER. That -is the rule. The
Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
stated nothing that has been done before the
committee. I have merely stated what has not
been done.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have given the
gentleman from Massachusetts the widest lati-
tude to make any statement that he can make
(and his ingenuity enables him always to
"make the worse appear the better reason")
to explain why he exceeded his legitimate
authority in the investigation of a subject over
which he had never received any jurisdiction
from this House, and why he lisns made these
bonds and their issue and circulation in Wash-
ington an argument why the Congress of the
United States should not act upon the report
made by his colleague, [Mr. Banks.] Sir, he
has made his reply, and how far he has met my
accusations it is for the House and the country
to judge. Upon that point I have no time to
spend in further comment.
I can only say that the two incidents—re-
markably coincident—to which I have referred,
with reference to the Cuban bonds, are followed
up by this extraordinary passage in the mes-
sage transmitted to Congress on the day before
yesterday by the President of the United States:
"It is stated, on vrhat I havo reason to regard as
good authority, that Cuban bonds have been pre-
pared to a large amount, whose payment is made
dependent upon the lecognition by the United fetal: cs
of either Cuban belligerency or independence. Iho
object of makinar their value thus entirely con tingent
upou the notion of this Government is a subject for
serious reflection."
