1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5423
will yield to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Butler.] who is chairman of the sub-
committee which reports the case.
The Clerk read the resolutions reported by
the committee, as follows;
Unsolved* That Hon. John M. Iiice is disqualified
by the third section of the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States from holding a
seat m Congress, and that the seat bow occupied by
him as a Representative from the ninth district of
Kentucks\ in the Forty-^irst Congress, is hereby
declared vacant, and that the Speaker of the House
of Representatives notify the Governor of the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky that such vacancy exists.
Itevolved, That General John L. Zeigler contested
the scat ot the Hon. John M. Iiice in the Forty-First
Congress in good faith, and should be paid dol-
lars for expenses incurred in said contest.
Mr. BURR. I submit the following as the
minority report:
Resolved, That Hon. John M. Rice is justly enti-
tled to his seat as Representative in the Forty-First
Congress from the ninth district of the State of Ken-
tucky.
Mr. PAINE. I now yield the floor to the
chairman of the sub-committee which reports
this case, the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, to present a conference report.
Mr. DAWES. Before I present that report
I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Cobb] to report a bill.
additional bounties.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, by unanimous
consent reported back from the Committee on
Military Affairs, with the recommendation that
it do pass, a bill (S. No. 319) to extend the
time for presenting claims for additional boun-
ties.
The bill was read. It provides that the time
for presenting claims for additional bounties
granted to soldiers by the twelfth and thirteenth
sections of the actof July 28, 1866, be extended
until the expiration of six months after the pas-
sage of this act, after which time all claims for
such bounties not presented in due form shall
be void, and the fourth section of the act ap-
proved March3, 1869, entitled u An actinrela-
tion to additional bounties, and for other pur-
poses," is hereby repealed.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the tablu.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ordell of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask ray-
colleague [Mr. Dawes] to yield to me for the
purpose of offering a resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection, if it shall
take no time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following resolution 
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let my
resolution be read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] will proceed, or surrender the
floor.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I submit a privileged report
from a committee of conference.
The report was as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two.Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 974) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1871, having met, after full and free conference havo
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
rcspcctivcHouses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 56. 59, 65, 66, 67, 72, 73. 82, 83, 83, 87,102,
lOtf, 109, 110, 113,117,120,121,125,126.133,152,175,195,
199, 200, 201, 202, 203, 208, 209, 2U, 226, 242,243,244,245,
246. 247, 248, 249, 230, 252, 254, 255, and 2-36.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 4, 5, 6,7,10,
11, 27, 32. 35. 39. 40, 41. 42, 48, 49.50, 51, 53, 61. 62,63, 64,
68. 09. 70, 71, 74, 76, 77, 79. 81, 84, 83, 90, 95, 96,100, 105,
115, 119, 123, 124,129,181,132,133,139,140,141,142, 143,
144.146,147,350,153,156,157,153,159,160,161,163,164,
165,167,108,172,173,182,184,185, 190, 191,193,196,197,
204, 210,211,222,223,224,225, and 230; and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: restore the
word stricken out by said amendment; and oil page
1, line fifteen of the bill, after the word "dollars"
insert the following: "and the additional sum of
$1,000 while the said office is held by the present
incumbent, and no longer;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to said
amendment.
That thellouse recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: after tho
word " messengers," on page 2, line seventeen of
the bill, insert the following words:" to be appointed
and removed by the Sergeant-at-Arms, with the
approval of the Committee to Audit and Control the
ContingentExpensesof theSenate;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tho same with an amendment, as follows: at the
end of said amendment add the following words:
"said pages to bo appointed and removed by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, with the approval of the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate; " and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendments:
in line two of said amendment strike out the word
" two " and insert in lieu the word "one;" and in
the same line strike out tho words " and eighty-
eight " and insert in lieu the words " eight hundred;"
and in line three strike out the word " eight" and
insert in lieu the word "five;" and in line four strike
out the word "thirty" and insert in lieu the words
"twenty-five;" and in line five strike out the word
"five" and insert in lieu the word " two;" and in
the same lino strike out the following words: "and
eighty-four;" and in line six strike out "forty-
seven " and insert in lieu "thirty;" and in the same
linestrike outthewords " fivehundred and twenty;"
and in line nine strike out the words "sixty-one"
and insert in lieu tho words "forty-two;" and in the
same line strike out tho word "two" and insert in
lieu the word " eight;" and in the same line strike
out the words " and eight;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to tho thirty-first amendment of the Senate.
Thatthe House recede from their amendment to
the thirty-sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to thesamewith an amendment, asfollows: inline
four of said amendment strike out the words "and
of public interest to" and insert in lieu "which
laws shalland the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the fifty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: in lieu
of the word " eight" in said amendment substitute
the word "five;" and the Senato agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho fifty-seventh amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with the following amendment: in lieu
of the words inserted by said amendment insert tho
following words, "seven thousand two;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: in line
one of said amendment strike out the word "six"
and insert in lieu the word " three;" and the Senate
agree to the same. .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: in line
two of said amendment strike out the words "forty-
one" and inseit in lieu the words "twenty-nine, 5
and in the same lino strikeoutthe word "four/'and
insert in lieu the word "six," and inlinethree strike
out the word "sixty" and insert in lieu the word
"forty;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows: in
line six of said amendment strike out the word
"eight" and insert in lieu the word nine, and m
the same line strike out the word "seven" and in-
sert in lieu the word "nine;" and the Senate agree
to the same. , .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-fiithamendmeut of the Senate, and agree
to the same with amendments, as follows: m ime
two of said amendment strike out tlie word one
and insert in lieu the word "five." and after the
word "hundred," in same line, add tho following
words, " and twenty and the Senate agree to tho
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-ninth amendment of the Senato, and agree
to the same with amendments, as follows: in line
two of said amendment strike out the word "nine"
and insert in lieu the word "seven," and in line
three strike out the word " two" and insert in lieu
the word "seven," and m the same line strikeout
the word ' forty" and insert in lieu the word" sixty;"
and the Senato agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the ninety-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to said amendment of the Senate.
■ That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninety-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to tho same with an amendment, as follows:
restore the words stricken out by said amendment,
and at the end of said amendment add the following
word©: " And provided farther, That $10,000 is hereby
appropriated to be expended in the office of the
Treasurer of the United States at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury;" and the Senate agree
to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninety-ninth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendments;
in addition to the words stricken out by said amend-
ment strike out lines fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, and
down to and including the word "officers" in line
seventeen, page 19 of the bill; and strike out tho
word "and" in line twelve on the same page* of tho
bill and insert it before the words "for stamps" in
the same line; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senato recede from their disagrcementto>
the amendment of the House to the one hundred and
fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: add after the
word "dollars" in line five, page 21 of tho bill,as
follows: "Provided, That the compensation of tho
Deputy Assistant Treasurer shall be$3,000per annum
and no more;" and the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twelfth amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to tho same with an amendment, as
follows: restore the word "thirteen" stricken out
by said amendment; and in line eight, page 22 of the
bill, strike out the word " six" and insert tho word
"eight," and retain the word " forty" inserted by
said amendment; and the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirteenth amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: inline three of said amendment after
the word "one" insert the word "assistant;" and
tho Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their one hundred
and fourteenth amendment; and that the bill bo
amended on page 22, line twelve, by striking out the
word "depositary" and inserting the words "Assist-
ant Treasurer," and by striking out all after the
word "for" in said line twelve down to and including
the word "hundred" in line thirteen, same page,
and inserting in lieu thereof the following words:
"Assistant Treasurer, five thousand;" and the House
agree to the same."
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the one hundred and eighteenth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with amendments*
as follows: in lieu of the words inserted by said
amendment insert the following words: "eleven
thousand;" and on page 22, line seventeen of the
bilJ, strikeout theword "hundred;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twenty-second amendment of •
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: in lieu of the words inserted by
said amendment insert the following words: " eight
thousand twoand theSenate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twenty-seventh amendment of
the Senate, and agree to thesame with amendments.as
follows; in lieu of the words inserted bysaid amend-
ment insert the following words: "seven thousand
two hundred;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and twenty-eighth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with the follow-
ing amendment: strike out from the words inserted
by said amendment the word "five;" and in line
three of the bill strike out the word "hundred;'
and the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirtieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: in lieu of the words inserted by said
amendment insert the following words: "five thou-
sand four hundred and twenty;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-fourth amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with the follow-
ing amendment: in lieu of the words inserted by
said amendment insert the following words: " threo
'thousand nine;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-first amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows: in line three of said amendment strike out
the words" 8th day of May "and insert, "1stday of
July; " and in lino five strike out tho word "June"
and insert" July ; " and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-fourth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: in lieu of the words inserted by said
amendment insert the following words: " seven hun-
dred and eighty;" and tho Senate agree to the same.
