1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3535
time ft different opinion has prevailed among
the higher officers of the Navy. I know that
for a long series of years up to 1842 the affairs
of the Navy were conducted and managed by
aboard of officers more or less distinguished,
and that within a recent period it has been •
sought to again cage the Navy and place it in
its former pupilage. Upon the old plan of the
British admiralty system, long since exploded,
we have within the past year been called upon !
to consider a bill the provisions of which would
have placed the Navy practically beyond the
control of the Department, and even of the
President of the United States.
But, sir, whatever may be the condition of
the Department in its organization, I am glad
to believe that through the influence of the
public press, through the examination which
members of Congress have been able to make ,
into the strictly professional character of the
Navy, as well as from that independence of
character among members of Congress which
seeks to resist and check the influence of that
outside pressure which finds its culmination '
here in the capital, and to act upon their own
intelligence and their own judgment, we have at
last fallen upon an era which promises better .
things for the future. I desire to say for myself !
that I think I shall never come to regard my
position on the Naval Committee of this House
as one in which my whole duty will have been
performed, by registering the communications
of the Department or of the bureaus, or in re-
porting bills to Congress to carry out the wishes
of a few distinguished officers who believe in
ono6 more transferring the Navy of the United
States into the hands of a commission of rear-
admirals who have already reached or passed ,
the age fixed by onr own law as the limit of j
active duty. 1 am glad to know that my col- :
leagues upon the committee entertain the same
spirit of independence.
It is well known si*, that formerly, as I have
said, the affairs of thetNuvy were ruu by a com-
mission of Navy offic&s after the fashion of the
British board of admifalty, but the bureau
system adopted in 1842 inflicted a severe blow
to this exclusive and aristocratic system, and
has stood in its way ever since. That system,
sir, carried as successfully through the war, and
under its administration, amid failing exper-
iments, amid all the vicissitudes of untried
warfare, in the* bailding op of a Navy at vast
expense, and under its generadfcdoiinistration
of affairs, in.that great coatroveesy^his branch
of the public service *fas coo ducted with credit
and success. Instances of failure there were,
but we shonld reme ber that theywerenot
confined to the Navy. In the demoralization
which succeeded the.elbse.of the war, like many
other Departments of the.Government, its ad-
ministration fell into abuses and extravagances
for which there is neither justification or excase,
if we except, perhaps, the. large unexpended
balances which Congress permitted to remain
at its disposal and uncovered into the Treasury.
This system, accommodating itself to other
branches of the Government, and harmonizing
with them in form and structure, has been an
impediment to the ambition and the schemes
of the higher officers of the Navy. Thait in-
fluence has straggled to cast these ^restraints
aside.
As I have said, it has within tie last twelve
months made one more spasmodic effort to
that effect. Suppose it had succeeded. , You
have now the results, so far as the expenditure
of money is concerned, in the fact that-you
have a Navy Department which has been under
the practical control of one? of the ".highest offi-
cers of the Nary, end you can judge, Mr.
Chairman, with what facility the money would
have been drawn oat of the Treasury for naval
purposes had there been no check through the
bureau system ; and even this, sir, I regret to
say, has not proved a sufficient check. Under
this imperious administration in the Navy De-
partment the remonstrances of bureau officers,
who knew nihmtely the condition of their de-
partments,- have - been unheeded, and when
the point has been made that the excessive use
of money in the equipment and construction
of vessels of war must necessarily deplete the
bureaus to such an extent that they would be
without the meanB of paying the labor which
had been organized and employed, I under-
stand, their prudent suggestions have been dis-
regarded. The predicted result has been seen
in the discharge of thousands of workmen in
mid-winter from the several navy-yards on the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts. If the sugges-
tions—why, sir, if the remonstrances of the
bureaus had been regarded, that result which
we so much deplore, which occasioned so much
comment throughout the country, and which
we made h&ste to remedy by the transfer of
appropriations from one bureau to another,
would never have occurred.
Now, allow me to say that in view of all the
circumstances which have occurred during the
last twelve months, and without alluding at
this time more particularly to them, I think we
are authorized to treat this as an error of ad-
ministration. It is an error of long standing,
one which has crept into the Navy, and for
which to some extent, perhaps toagreat extent,
Congress is responsible. I do not sympathize
with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,]
who stands here to-day endeavoring to charge
upon the administration of General Grant these
errors of administration which have been so
common in the Navy Department.
I have no doubt.that this course was taken
with what, was considered a" laudable purpose
of " bujilding. up.'!. the ,Navy, increasing its
size, power, and efficiency, and gratifying the
pride and. ambition"1 of the gallant gentlemen
who have been controlling its operations. Bat
it is proper that the country should understand
if money ha& beteh extravagantly expended
duriqg the lkfctyear this House cannot beheld
responsible for iU Onr skirts are clear. I
want to recalla -bit of historjr which, I think,
has not been alluded to in this debate—a fact
which must have been overlooked by the De-
partment when they entered upon theextended
operations that they have pursued the last year.
It is this:
THB RESOLUTION OF 1867.
On the 25th of November, 1867, the House
of Representatives, on motion of Mr. Pike,
the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, passed the following resolution:
"Retolved, Th&t in the judgment of this House it
is unnecessary to proceed farther at present ill build-
ing or equipping shipS of war."
To-day that resolution stands unrescinded
and unrepealed. It was introduced by a gen-
tleman of long experience in connection with
naval affairs, the chairman of the committee,
and in view of what was demanded by the pub-
lic necessity and the public economy. It was
a notice from this body, which holds the purse-
strings of the nation, to the Navy Department
and to all concerned, ttiiat in their opinion the
building and equipment of ships of war—in
other words, the extension and expansion of
our Navy—was not required either by the pub-
lic necessities or by the probable contingencies
of the future, and was equally potent and sug-
gestive that the requirements of the oouutry
demanded that the expenditure then going on
in this direction ought to be stopped. That
warniDg was heeded by the then Secretary of
the Navy, who at once stopped work upon ves-
sels in process of construction at our navy-
yards, dismissed the workmen engaged, and
that condition of things remained until last
March, wfien, without any action t>f Congress,
withbut atiy Rescission of the resolution, the
Department proceeded to organize new gangs, to
fill up the navy-yards with organized labors and
to expend laige sums of money in the very
direction in which this House by its action had
shut the gates. What was the consequence?
That work was continued, the appropriations
were expended andoyerrun, and in midwinter,
in January, i870, the appropriations were ex-
hausted, and this large number of men collected
together for purposes which this House had
so far as it could forbidden, were thrown out
of employment, and we were compelled from
motives of humanity alone to transfer from one
bureau to another millions of dollars to pre-
vent suffering and starvation in the cities on
the Atlantic and Pacific.
Thus, through a disregard or oversight of
the wishes of this House formally expressed,
and afterward in effect, sought to be enforced
by a reduction of the appropriations, we have
been treated to an aggregate of expenditures,
followed by an estimate for appropriations,
which, in my judgment, early involved us in
excited discussions on this subject, and which
have drawn the unfavorable attention of the
country to thi8 branch of our public service.
I am happy to be able to show here that Con-
gress at least is not culpable in this matter,
and I regard' it as a matter of duty while this
appropriation bill is under discussion and con-
sideration to thus call attention to the fact that
the Fortieth Congress took the initiative in the
reduction of our naval expenses, and that in
advocating the present bill we are carrying
out their plans and pursuing their example. I
trust the Forty-First Congress is prepared to
act with decision and promptness in the same
direction.
Now, Mr. Chairman, under this condition
of things have we not a right, and is it not our
duty, to congratulate the country that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have succeeded in
striking off nearly one third of the whole esti-
mate of the Department for the coming year,
and reducing the $24,598,277 37 asked for by
the Department to $16,641,845 62—a reduc-
tion of $7,956,431 75? We may pause to ex-
press regret at the disappointment it may bring
to the gallant hearts who now direct the pro-
gress of naval affairs. I desire here to make
all proper acknowledgments to them for any
share which I am compelled to take in this
ungracious work of catting down the estimates.
Why, sir, I almost envy the happy condition
of those who so eloquently address themselves
to the more agreeable task of meeting the
demands of the Department by bringing up the
appropriations and consequently inflating the
expenditures to the magnificent proportions of
the estimates; for can they not count their
reward in the sweet smiles, the warm congrat-
ulations, and the ready patronage which natu-
rally flow from the sources of power. Let me
say in all seriousness, Mr. Chairman, that the
dnty of checking the enterprise and aspirations
of the gentlemen who direct the affairs of the
Nayy, wherever they tend to extravagance and
Unnecessary-expenditures, is one which we owe
to the people this day, and in the fature, let it
fall where it will, or disturb whatever interests
it may.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to address my-
self with all sincerity, and with a strong feeling
of favor and regard for the Navy, to the ques-
tion how its expenditures can be kept within
reasonablelimits, and what shall be the measure
of its equipment, its armament, and its power
in time of peace. This is a question, let us
remember, which belongs, not to the military,
but to the civil power. It is peculiarly and
fittingly within the power, as it is clearly the
duty of Congress, to determine and settle this
question. It cannot be left with safety or in
justice to the rights of the people to any other
tribunal.
Now, Mr. Chairman, is there any better
measure of the wants of the naval establish-
mentand of true economy in its administration
than the expense and armament of 1860? If
there is, after, making dad allowance for in-
crease of prices, J hope some gentleman will
give us the figures. I can rnysel'f see none. I
think it our duty as legislators to look- this
matter squarely ia-the'face, and scorning'all
subterfuges and pretenses, resisting all entrea-
ties and pressure, to endeavor-to bring back out
Navy approximately to the peace standard of
1860U luetns compare its-expense &nd strength
in that- year with 1870.'--
* What have been the expenditures of theNsv^
