4480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
Why, Mi'. Speaker, has the President read
history'< Is he not familiar with the fact that
every people struggling for independence and
without the material aid by which to procure
arms do in advance issna bonds by which to
procure arms and money ? Does ho not know
that the struggling republics of Mexico and
Texas and South America, as well as the con-
federacy during tbe late rebellion, and every
other people who have struggled for the right
of self-government, have issued bonds upou
which to raise money for the purpose of pros-
ecuting their military operations against the
Government from which they sought to free
themselves, and made their payment depend
upon their success. Is it, then, very extraor-
dinary that the republican government of Cuba
should have issued bonds for the same purpose,
laudable and correct as it is? Is it not.011 the
contrary, extiaoidinary that the President, in
view of the action of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, in view of what has recently
occurred 011 this subject, should have made
this indirect fling, and, in my judgment, this
improper reference to that question in a docu-
ment sent to Congioss under those circum-
stances? Such a proceeding, I affirm, is un-
precedented. And it is because I felt it to be
the duty of some member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to rise here and utter his senti-
ments 011 this question that I have ventured to
trouble the House with any remarks at this time.
But, sir, the President argues the question.
He lays down the law. Ho tells us what are
the laws of nations, what in his judgment is
the status of the insurrection in Cuba, and
what under the circumstances is the duty of
the Government of the United States, and
especially of this Congress, as the law-making
power of the Government. I am quite willing
to receive the views of the President upon this
question with the profoundest respect. I am
bound to assume that he has studied the sub-
ject thoroughly, that he is entirely conversant
with it, and that if by reason of his past pur-
suits he may not have acquired in eaily life
that kind of knowledge which is necessary to
grasp agreat problem like this, yet that he has
advisers around him, some in his own Cabinet
and some to be had for pay, who can furnish
him with all the law he can possibly want to
meet the Spanish side of the ease.
"Cuban bonds!" Why, sir, were it possi-
ble to get at the facts, I think it would not be
difficult to prove that, so far as regards influ-
encing the action of the Government of the
United Slates in either of its departments, the
only money spent has come from Spain, not
from Cuba. But, sir, that is not the question
before the House. The question is whether
we shall do that which within itself v/ili do—
what? Which will direct the Government of
the United States to observe a strict neutral-
ity. And in the consideration of that question
another one which pertinently arises is whether
the republicans of Cuba liavo that organized
government, whether they have that military
status, whether they have that kind of govern-
ment or organization which, under the law of
nations and the practice of our own country,
entitles them to neutrality 011 our part. What
sort of information does the President pro-
duce to show that ho is right in the position
which he holds?
He gives the authority of the late commander-
in-chief of the insurrectionists. He tells the
House:
''The lafo commander-in-chief of the insurgents,
having recently codic to the United States, publicly
dei'loretl that' all commercial intercourse or trade
with the exterior world has been utterly cut off;'
and lie further added, 'to-day we havenot ten thou-
sand arms in Cuba.'''
Now, ilr. Speaker, I would not have dared
to quote that authority; but I assume that
any authority which, in the judgment of tho
President, is sufficiently valid and powerful
10 entitle it to a place in an important State
paper of this character is an authority I am
entitled to use in my criticism of his message.
He tells us what General Jordan says, and he
gives him as authority for the position he takes
011 this question. I have another statement
from General Jordan, one, I think, of a differ-
ent character, one made under the solemnity
of an oath, which grew out of a recent litiga-
tion in New York city, where it became neces-
sary to iix the status of the Cuban government.
I ask the Clerk to read what this gentleman
who has been referred to by the President as
good authority says is the true condition of
affairs in Cuba at this time.
The Clerk read as follows :
State of New Yore,
County and City of New York:
Thomas Jordan, being duly sworn, deposes anu
says: that ho landed in tho island of Cuba on the
11th day of May. A. I). IStS'J, aud set sail therefrom
on or about tho Oth day of April. A. ft. 1870; that
during said time this deponenttraversed a largo part
of said island, to wit, tho jurisdiction or district of
llolguin, Santiago de Cuba, Bayamo, Las Tunas, and
Caniagney.
That he was in the military service of the republic
of Cuba during all said period, lirst as conimander-
in-chief of the State of Orient, next as cluct of the
general staff of the patriot army, and lastly a? com-
mander-in-chief of said army; and that in the dis-
charge of tho duties incumbent upon him in these
several positions I10 had the best opportunity to be-
come acquainted with tlio military and political sit-
uation and organizations of tho Cubans, with their
resources, their movements, and the actual condition
of their struggle with Spain.
This deponent further declares that in all of the
districts above enumerated the Cuban people, both
white and black, are, with very few exceptions, in
perfect accord and union for theirmutual protection
against the hostile Government of Spain, and are
taking up arm;, in delense of their rights in tho con-
test now waging wilh i;l Government as fast as
arms are made available to Ilium, and upon the re-
liable information which this deponent has acquired
from the numerous official records which have passed
through his hands, tho peoplo throughout the dis-
tricts of Cineo Villas, SanctiSpiritu, llcmcdios, Villa
Clara, Cicnfuegos, and Xrinidad are also, with the
like few exceptions, m similar accord and union
with those of tho districts already enumerated for
their mutual protection as aforesaid.
Deponent further says that the cause and reason
why the peoplo of Cuba, although thus firmly estab-
lished and associated for their mutual protection
and defense, have not as yet been enabled to assume
the offensive and obtain the entire control of their
territory as against the Government of Spain, is in
the scarcity of arms and ammunition; which scar-
city has not been due to their 1-l.ck of resources, but
mainly to tho rigid construction given to tho so-
called neutrality laws of tho United States and of
England by the military and civil officers charged
with their enforcement; that is to say, it is in no-
wise due to the vigilance or activity or power of tho
Spanish Government or of its army and navy; in
illustration of which, this deponent states that the
only vessel with tho ca,rgo of arms fitted out in the
United States, and which succeeded in leaving its
port, and was not arrested by British officials, effected
a lauding ofits cargo, and, the soldiers on board were
all native Cubans, some time in the month of Jan-
uary, 1870. in despite of all tho efforts made by tho
Spanish Government to hinder or obstruct such
landings.
Deponent further says that there is an organized
Cuban army, having military forces in all tho parts
of said island heretofore enumerated, and engaged
in constant, almost daily conflict with tho Spanish
forces within said districts, which comprise in all
three fourths of the island; the said forces are under
the command, respectively, of a major general, who,
together with all the subordinates, officers of said
army, aro regularly appointed bytheCubanGovern-
ment, and reccive their orders from or through the
war department of the republic of Cuba.
Deponent further says that there exists a firmly
established and effective Cuban civil government,
which has been in operation for more than twelve
months throughout all the parts of the island herein-
before indicated, over all tho citizens of therepublic,
and is recognized as tho rightful authority, with very
few exceptions, by all Cubans, whether residing m
the island or in foreign countries, and even by those
residing within the limits, which are still under the
control 01- influence of the Spanish army.
That the said civil government of tho republic of
Cuba consists of a president or executive chief magis-
trate, with functions almost similar to those exer-
cised by tho President of tho United States, which
powers are almost universally recognized and re-
garded by the people of Cuba. The president is sup-
ported by a cabinet, constituted as follows:
A secretary of state for exterior or foreign affairs ;
a secretary for tho department of war and navy: a
secretary for the department of the treasury; and
lastly, asecretary for thodepartinentof the interior.
Each of these departments has a definite and settled
sphere of action and administration, in which it is
recognized, obeyed by all Cubans, and they are all
effectively administered to a very notable degree.
Deponent further says that there is an organized
judicial department established by law, comprising
a court of appeal or supreme tribunal, and a court
of civil and another ot criminal jurisdiction. That
three fourths of the island, being that portion which
is most thoroughly and effectively united for tho
purposes herein referred to, are divided politically
into three States, each having a Governor elected by
universal suffrage. These States are subdividod into
districts under lieutenant governors; and there aro
still smaller subdivisions, as prefectures and sub-
prefecturas under officials kuown as prefects and
sub-prefects, having magisterial and administrative
duties suited to their positions, whose powers are
recognized and respected, aodare exercised and dis-
charged without control or interference by the rnili-
' Deponent further says that the Cuban Govern-
ment has emitted or issued paper money which is
received and circulates in each of tho districts here-
inbefore mentioned, and that the congress of the
republic has passed a comprehensive law regulating
loans, and also one providing for education by tho
State; these two being notable instances of legisla-
tion by the congress of the republic. _
Deponent further says that there is a law in force
providing for univcisat suffrage, embracing all racc3
in the island; and this deponent has been personally
present at one properly conducted and regular
election for the Governor of the State of Cameaguya,
two members of congress, and some minor officials ;
and further, that by the constitution ot the republic
slavery has been abolished, and that the provision
lias without hesitation been complied with by all
Cubans, with the exception of those who hvo under
the control of the Spanish forces; and finally, that
tho negroes ill the laj'ger part of the island are abso-
lutely free, and a vciy great number of them eman-
cipated, were in tho military service under the im-
mediate command of deponent*.
THOMAS JORDAN.
.Sworn to before me this 2d day of June, 1870.
ANTONIO B. GONZALES,
L'oinmimioaer of Deeds.
Mr. WOOD. Now, sir, whatever the enemies
of Cuba may say through the State Department,
whatever attempt they may make by prevarica-
tion or mistatement to hide the conduct of the
Administration in connection withthisquestion,
i think there is sufficient in the organization of
the so-called government of Cuba to justify the
course of Congress in directing the President of
the United States to observe a neutrality. The
President tells us that this is a question of fact.
He says that the question of belligerency is one
of fact. Well, I think upon his ground, that it is
exclusively a question of fact, we are able to jus-
tify this procedure. But he is in error, sir ; it
is not only a question of fact, but a question of
something else. It is a question not only of
fact, but also of international law ; these are
intermingled, the one going very far to determ-
ine a judgment on the other. A feeble and
hopeless insurrection, undertaken rashly by an
insignificant fraction of apeople, has clearly no
right to ask for that recognition of belligerent
rights at the hands of a Government at peace
with the Power rebelled against. To do so
would be to elevate the weaker party to tho
dignity of at least a coequal State and body
politic, and its chief to that of a de facto Gov-
ernment, and could rightfully be regarded by
the Power rebelled against as something more
than a merely unfriendly manifestation, and as
justly liable to be met with the retort of war.
At the same time, the practical effect of such
premature recognition would only be to aggra-
vate the costs of insurrection to both sides
engaged, and to prolong it by a vain and
fruitless encouragement.
On the other hand, if the insurrection exhib-
its the characteristics of a real popular move-
ment against an abused and oppressive au-
thority, especially if it be a foreign authority
like that of a distant metropolitan power over
au important colony; if it has been able to
maintain itself for a considerable period of
time, and if it has been able to cover a consid-
erable surface of territory with its effective con-
trol; if it presents such an array of force as to
give it a reasonable prospect of ultimate suc-
cess ; if it has given to its direction the form
and organization of a regular Government, able
to ask aud maintain intercourse with foreign
Governments, it then has already risen to a
height and established itself on a foundation
both moral and military, which entitles it to
respectful consideration and treatment, which
make it impossible to be ignored, and which
make it a duty as well as a right Oil the part
of any foreign Government to take up that
attitude of neutrality as between two respect-
