634
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
41st Cong,...2d Sess.
Lo.ios of the United States.
Chap. V.—An Act making a temporary Appro-
priation for the prosecution of the work
upon the Improvement of the Des Moines
Rapids in the Mississippi River.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to be expended under the direction
and superintendence of the Secretary of War,
for the purpose of continuing the prosecution
of the work upon the improvement of the Des
Moines rapids in the Mississippi river, the sum
of two hundred thousand dollars.
Approved, December 23, 186U.
Chap. VI.—An Act iti addition to the Act
entitled "An Act to incorporate the Wash-
ington, Alexandria, and Georgetown Steam
Packet Company."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Washington, Alexan-
dria, ami Georgetown Steam Packet Com-
pany," approved third March, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, and continued for
twenty years by the act of twenty-sixth Febru-
ary, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, be, and
the same is hereby, extended and continued
in full force and efleet for another period
of twenty years, commencing with the first
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine: Provided, nevertheless, That Congress
may at any lime heieafter modify or repeal the
same.
Sec. 2. And be U further enaetcd, That no
suit, or action depending in any court whatso-
ever, in which the said corporation is plaintiff
or defendant, shall abate or be discontinued by
reason of the expiration of the charter of said
corporation, but the same shall continue and
be ptoseeuted in all respects as if said char-
ter had not expired ; and the president and
directors who were in office at the time it
expired shall continue in ollico under and by
virtue of this act until others shall be duly
chosen in their places.
Approved, January 10, 1870.
Chap. VII.—An Act repealing so ranch of
the Act. of August eighth, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-six, as declared the Des
Moines river, in (he then Territory of Iowa,
a public highway.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That, so much of the act
of August eighth, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-six, entitled "An act granting
certain lands to the Territory of Iowa to aid
in the improvement of the navigation of the
Des Moines river, in said Territory," as makes
said river a public highway be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Approved, January 20, 1870.
Chap. VIII.—An Act making Appropriations
to defray the Expenses of the Committee on
Banking and Currency incurred in pursuance
of Investigations ordered by the House of
Representatives.
Be it enacted by the Sen ate and 1louse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'J hat the sum of three
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated out, of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of
defraying the expenses of the Committee on
Banking and Currency, incurred in fulfillment
of the order of the House of Representatives.
Approved, January 20, 1870.
Chap. IX.—An Actrelating to Retired Officers
of the Array.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That no retired officer of
the Army shall hereafter be assigned to duty
of any kind, or be entitled to receive more
than the pay and allowances provided by law
for retired officers of his grade; and all such
assignments heretofore made shall terminate
within thirty days from the passage of this act.
Seu. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
laws and parts of laws inconsistent with the
provisions of this act be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Approved, January 21, 1870.
Chap. X.—An Act to Admit the State of Vir-
ginia to Representation in the Congress of
the United States.
Whereas the people of Virginia have framed
and adopted a constitution of State government
which is republican; and whereas the Legisla-
ture of Virginia elected under said constitution
have ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States;
and whereas the performance of these several
acts in good faith was a condition-precedent to
the representation of the State in Congress:
Therefore,
Be it enacted In/the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said State of
Virginia is entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United States: Provided, That
before any member of the Legislature of said
State shall take or resume liis seat, or any
officer of said State shall enter upon the duties
of his office, he shall take, and subscribe, and
file in the office of the secretary of State of
Virginia, for permanent preservation, an oath
in the form following: "I, , do
solemnly swear that 1 have never taken an oath
as a member of Congress, or as an officer of
the United States, or as a member of any State
Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi-
cer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, and afterward engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the same,
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof,
so help me God or such person shall in like
manner take, subscribe, and file the following
oath: "I, —, do solemnly swear that
I have, by act of Congress of the United States,
been relieved from the disabilities imposed
upon me by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, so help
me God;" which oaths shall be taken before
and certified by any officer lawfully author-
ized to administer oaths. And any person
who shall knowingly swear falsely in taking
either of such oaths shall be deemed guilty of
perjury, and shall be punished therefor by
imprisonment not less than one year, and not
more than ten years, and shall be fined not
less than one thousand dollars, and not more
than ten thousand dollars. And in all trials
for any violation of this act the certificate of
the taking of either of said oaths, with proof
of the signature of the party accused, shall be
taken and held as conclusive evidence that
such oath was regularly and lawfully adminis-
tered by competent authority : And provided
further, That every such person who shall
neglect for the period of thirty days next after
the passage of this act to take, subscribe, and
file such oath as aforesaid, shall be deemed
and taken, to all intents and purposes, to have
vacated his office: And provided further, That
the State of Virginia is admitted to represent-
ation in Congress as one of the States of
the Union upon the following fundamental
conditions : First, that the constitution of Vir-
ginia shall never be so amended or changed
as to deprive any citizen or class of citizens
of the United Slates of the right to vote who
are entitled to vote by the constitution herein
recoguized, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law,
whereof they shall have been duly convicted
under laws equally applicable to all the inhab-
itants of said State : Provided, That, any alter-
ation of said constitution, prospective in its
effects, may be made in regard to the time and
place of residence of voters. Second, that
it shall never be lawful for the said State to
deprive any citizen of the United States, on
account of his race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, of the right to hold office
under the constitution and laws of said State,
or upon any such ground to require of him
any other qualifications for office than such as
are required of all other citizens. Third, that
the constitution of Virginia shall never be so
amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of the United States of the
school rights and privileges secured by the
constitution of said State.
Approved, January 26, 1870.
Chap. XI.—An Act to protect Officials in
Government Employ.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no officer or clerk
in the United States Government employ shall
at any time solicit contributions of other offi-
cials or employes in the Government service
for a gift or present to those in a superior
official position ; nor shall any such officials or
clerical superiors receive any gift or present
offered or presented to them as the contribu-
tion of those in Government employ receiving
a less salary than themselves ; nor shall any
officer or clerk make any donation as a gift, or
present to any official superior. Any officer or
clerk violating any of the provisions of this
bill shall be summarily discharged from t'u-
Government employ.
Appkoved, February 1, 1870.
Ciiap. XII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to Admit the State of Virginia to
to Representation in the Congress of the
United States."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That wherever the word
" oath " is used in the act entitled "An act to
admit lite Slate of Virginia to representation
in the Congress of the United States," it shall
be construed to include au affirmation; and
every person required by said act to take either
of the oaths therein prescribed, who has re-
ligious or conscientious scruples against taking
an oath, may make and file an affirmation to
the same purport and effect: Provided, That
all the pains and penalties of perjury pre-
scribed by said act shall apply also to any false
affirmation taken thereunder.
Amtovro, February 1, 1870.
Chap. XIII.—/Vn Act giving the Consent of the
United States to the erection of a Bridge
across the Willamette river, in Oregon, from
the city of Portland to the east bank of said
river.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of the
United States is hereby given to the corpora-
tion of the eity of Portland, in the State of
Oregon, to erect, or cause to bo erected, a
bridge, with diverging roadways and footways
and double draws, over and across the Willa-
mette river, between the city of Portland and
the east bank of said river, at any time within
six years after the passage of this act: Pro-
vided, That the said bridge shall be so con-
