1870.
fftfl *foMitfc$srcWA'L (itdM
3637
work. Siiice the close ofthatStruggle We hate
spent millions upon millions in fitting up onr
navy-yards and in the purchase of tools of the
highest workmanship, the largest capacity and :
most costly character, and we have got them |
on baud at this very hour; more than we Want, '
more than we need.
In an investigation made last year, in Whifch,
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] and the gentleman from Michigan, •
[Mr. Ferrt,] I participated, it was ascertained
that in the year 18G7, two years after the close
ot' the war, hundreds of thousands of dollars
were expended for tools of the Class I have
named, and' our navy-yards and ships were
filled with them. We have got them now, sir, i
and this bill contains, or will, I suppbse, con- j
tain by way of an amendment, more than
half a million dollars of appropriation to meet
unpaid balances for those tools which really
should have been paid out of the surplus funds
in the several bureaus, but which, it I am not
mistaken, have been expended ifi the repair
and equipment of ships, leavitig to Congress
the duty of providing for the payment of these
balances or of repudiating the contracts ttiade
by the Navy Department. j
These tools, sir, ate in the Portsmouth navy- !
yard, in the Brooklyn and Philadelphia navy- I
yards, and hundreds of thousands of dollars .
worth of like tools were sent over to Mare j
Island, on the Pacific coast, where I Saw th^ra I
last sutftmer. Shall I be told by my honor- ■
able friends who urge an expansion of U16 hp- ji
proprihtion that this was Au extravagant outlay
which the Navy does not propose to follow up? j
Why; sir, look at the report of the Secretary ,1 '
of thfe Navy. atid see what he recomtnends.. • .
He tfells us tnat we have seven navy-yards, andf
says somewhat complainingly that not foiit- of
them sire capable of fitting out more than two |
dr three vessels at\>ne time. . Well, sir, do not
gentlemen think it about as much as th'e Wants
of the country demand if we can put from eight
to twelve war vessels on the Stocks at one time, ,
even in case of emergency t I think even our
most enterprising antl most dashihg officers 1
ought to be satisfied with such progress in the
multiplication of these warlike monsters in ,
time of peace. Why, sir, upon the showing
of the Secretary himself we seem to have navy-
yards enough for all the wants of the service, :
and while I am prepared to vote the Sums for .
keeping them up so far'as it is necessary to I
their prtesenl Cbnditi'ori, I cantiot consent to 1
extend them.. ^ , ,
No, sir; let usmkihtain and Tmprot4 what
have, and enter upbn nb extravagant sch'ehies
LleUt'dhaht M. L. Johnson, assistant inspector ord-
nance.
Sursroon A. 0. Gorcas.
Paymaster A. E. Watson, inspector bureau provis-
ions ancfdlothink.
Paymaster C. F. Guild.
Chaplain J. J. Kane. .
Chief Engineer 1>. 15. Macomb.
Chief Engineer J. TV. Moore.
First Assistant Engineer S. Ij. P. Ayres.
First Assistant Engineer N. P. ToWne.
15aaiswain J. II. Bartlctt.
<5 tinner A. F. Thompson.
Carpenter W. M. Laighton,-
SailmakcT A. A. Warren.
.Naval Constructor S. M. Pook, .
, ASsistririt A aval Constructor W. II. Varney.
Civil Engineer B. F. Chandler.
Now let lis look a little at tlie personnel of
(lie Navy, by way of comparison between the
two periQds which I have, adopted. And first
let us consider what has been the legal status
of our Navy for the past .thirty years. .
KAVAIi ESTABLISHMENT.
In orderto show the progressive legal stages
of our Navy, I submit the following table of offi-
cial grades in the line of the Navy since 1842:
Iri addition to this We have
reserved and retired corps:
1860.
Captaiiis 10
Commanders 16
Lieutenants 35
the
following
Total.
70
1S70.
Hear admirals  IS
Commodores  53
Captains  'z7
Commanders  10
Licuicnat command-
ers   f>
Lieutenants  3
Total.,
121
1842 to 1855:
C&iitains  68
Eomjnander* ; 97
ieutenants.,..;   326
491
1857 to 1862.
Captains 
Restored to duty from
the reserved list   11
68
Commanders 
Restored to duty
from the re-
served list 
97
79
IT
Deduction op tiik xavy.
Jlr. Chairman, itiS a serious and important
question whether we dannot apply to the Navy
uie same policy which the distinguished gen-
tleman from Illinois is attempting to apply to
the Army in the reduction of the officers who
are not required for the service. While Ihave
no disposition to dismiss, fair, from office and
position those men who have grown old in tlie
servide, and won a gallant record, which is of
the treasures of the country, I think it worth
our while to examine with care and with earn-
1 estness the Register so recently issued, and see
j if after all it is not in our power to provide for
! the future reduction of the Navy. Take, for
> instance, the number of officers upon the Re-
gister who are entitled to command vessels, from
commodore to lieutenantcommanderinclUsive.
We fiiid those grades to embrace throe hun-
dred and forty-live. There are on the Franklin
alone eight lieutenant commanders, and six on
the Eutaw, while by reference to the Register of
1870 we find that of all classes we have but one
hundred and eighty-five vessels all told. Of
this number less than one hundred will require
commanders, as is shown by the foregoing
details, the remaining vessels being either
out of commission, iu ordinary, or laid up, so
that we have a surplus of two hundred aud
forty-five commanding officers in the Navy. I
know there are other classes of duties on shore
which require the superintendence of these
grades of officers, or some one of them, but I
am quite sure that a close scrutiny and cxam-
inatioh will show a large number of supernum-
erary officers who cannot be absorbed in the
required duties ton shore.
Besides, sir, we are annually graduating on
Staving jthu's sBown what tlie . increase of an average from the school at Annapolis sev-
ntimbers as fixed by law in. the several grades ;■ enty-five young gentlemen, midshipmen, and
of the active list of the line of the .Navy has !j It becomes .a serious question .what we are to
t ioio  ^.-it I: do with thetn. We take them at the tender
Lieutenants..
■114
32ti
MalstbHhot commis-
sioned and number
variable 
519
iks-i
Reitriifliirirals....
Commodores 
Captains........—
Commander j 
Lieutenunt command
Lieutenants.... 144 . Lieutenant oonunand-
Maiters  144 era 180
Ensigns 144 Lieutenants 150
  Masters :   150
711 ; Ensigns a...   150
807
9
18
m
144
1868.
AdmirSl  1 i
Vice Admiral.....  1
Rear admirals    10 j:
Commodores  25 :
Ciaptains   50 ,
Cftmmanders.:;   90
.been since 1812, let u& compare the,actual offi-
cial strength of the Navy iiit i866uarid 1'870. . , ,
We shall find it below tlie ,legal limit, how, j| eutitation. adorn them with the urn
though it is fast filling up by accessions from i NaVy^and teaoh them such duties
the Naval Academy at Annapolis. _ ( *
Tlie actual official strength of the active list
for the construction of new ones except as we ij 'of the line of the Navy, according to "the Regia-
get rid of some of those already capable of i! 1 * -,°*n --J -c "lo>7n  
supplying the wants of the Navy. We have
in my oWn State a navy-yard at Portsmouth,
age/bf sixteen, place them under professional
adorn them with the uniform of'thfe
as &r6 in-
tended: to make them accomplished sailors.
Now, sir, bne ot' two things is certain : we
must either btiild jhbre'ships for these gentle-
men, or We must contrive some Way to deduce
the annual crop. The grades of master and
although it is not irt my oWn district. I know,
sir, that it furnishes emplbyment and profit
to many men who deal with the Government
through its organization.: I am willing to sus- ;;
tain it iri all its branches up to the. highest | . .
demands of the public (Service; "but beyond that j Exce?^ over legal
I am not willing to go. , I am, not,willing to i limit.... 
foster this lo'cal interest, hoWeyer profita,ble it !
m'ay be to ihose living within its business influ- ;
ence, at the expense of a mijch larger constit- ,| • .
ueilcy who mast contribute of their hard earn- j
ings t'o> maintain and .keep up .these public !
institutions., ■. Wfthout. intending to. say, sir, 1
that the organization of that yard or the opera- |
tions carried on there are.more formidable and 1
expensive than they shouldbe, it may he matter j
of public interest to show what & required to
conduct even a yard of its limited proportions. :
The following officers are at present stationed j
at this yard, as I gather from one of the local
papers published in that city:
Rear Admiral John A. Winslow.
Captain t>. M. N. Fairfax, executive o'ffieer.
. Commander C. H. Wells, inspector ordnance ad
xvierim. .
Commander O. C. Badger, equipment officer.
Command** E. Y. MeCauley, navigation.
Commander O. Q. Carpenter, general inspector.
Lieutenant A. 1\ Grossman.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 222.
ters of, 1860 and of 1870,-is as follows
Captains .i50!:   79 Admiral...18.'.0:...:  1 i i lieutenant, to which thefsucceed after gradua-
Commaiidcrs :...... 114 Vice Admiral......  J. ; lion at the Academy, will soon be filled, lhen,
*" i; sir, we shall have upon our hands, unless we
| get up a war,, or a large and extensive Navy,
Lieutenants..... "325 Rear admirals,...'........ 10
Masters..................... 34 Commodords   iii
—- Captains¥   5j)
552 Commanders  90
490 Lieutcrrnftt cotiiUland-
—-• . ers>-,',. W
lieutenants  04
, 62 MaS't'ers'    
Ensisns'.J... 160
080
552
Blffetebeo, (eatcegj)... 128
A compAris6'rt of the three principal grades
i&C the staff BhoWBthe following result:
ktdff, i860. .
Surgeons an| assfs'tapt surgeons 
Pursers and.Njlvy agents    JU
Entfincers of all ?rado3....._ J...I .;'....'.....l...1T4
Total..
Staff, 1870.
,;.,.,U1306
,i48
Surgeons and assistant surgcoqs..,   
Paymasters ana assistants      WO
Engineers of all erodefi..      ^
Total.,
539
these edutiatedyounggentlemen, msmy of them,
froiptheir isolation at the Academy and at sea,
uhfit for the active duties of civil life.
Mr. Chairman, I do not like to seem aggteS-
sive, breven intrusive, but itisdne to the forcb
of circnmstances, and it seems to me to the
tax-payers of the country, to say to the Com-
mittee on Naval Aflairs, with the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. ScofiItld]
at its head, that there seems to be opetVed up
one of the most favorable opportunities for
retrenchment and reform in the future that
ever blessed the vision of the most sturdy and
persistent economist. If the question were
to-day putto us by our constituents, What need
is there in the America^ Navy, in time of
peace, of twenty-eight rear admirals, seventy-
eight commodores, and seventy-seven cap-
tains? it would indeed be a puzzling one to
answer. It must be remembered that the
grades of Admiral, Vice Admiral, rear admiral,
and commodore were created during the war
as a military necessity, and also as a reward
for'gallant conduct and length of service.
