1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5425
Mr. CO.X. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I will make a
motion that the House now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. If the health of the gentle-
man from Indiana will not permit him to go
on to-night I will consent to an adjournment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not personally insist
upon an adjournment; but I think it would be
much more agreeable to a large number of
members if the gentleman would allow this
matter to go over till Monday.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will submit the matter to the
House. I make the motion that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for that mo-
tion. I must resume the floor unless the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] to whom
I yield, is willing to proceed.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, as I stated
a moment ago, I was unable to agree with the
committee of conference in regard to this re-
port ; but my disagreement is confined mainly
to one item. There are other matters which
do not meet the approval of my judgment, but
they were such as were not insuperable. I will
remark again that the billis very much improved
as it comes from the committee of conference
over what it was when it came from the Senate,
and if it were not for the subject-matter to
which I have referred I would have had no
hesitation in signing the report, and recom-
mending it as a fair adjustment of the differ-
ences between the two Houses.
But, sir, there is a proviso to this bill, as it
came from the Senate, attached to the appro-
priation for the Court of Claims, which I regard
as most extraordinary. I am opposed at all
times to settling such an important principle
of general legislation as this in an appropria-
tion bill; but I am especially opposed to this
proviso on account of the matter embraced in
it, and the objects sought to be accomplished
by it. It is, it seems to me, one of those ex-
travagant outgrowths of the prejudices and
furies engendered by the late war which we
have too often seen in this Hall, and which
ought never to crystallize into a law.
Sir, I have seen some service on committees
of conference, and I appreciate fully the im-
portance of mutual concessions in adjusting
differences between the Houses. I am uni-
formly willing to concede much when neces-
sary in matters of expediency merely, or where
only a few paltry dollars are involved. But,
sir, matters like this proviso, in my judgment,
lie beyond the region of compromise. No
man ought to consent to compromise away
what he regards as an important principle
underlying the plighted faith of the Govern-
ment, and affecting the honor of the men who
are engaged in the administration of it.
By the act of July 17, 18G2, provision was
made for the confiscation of the property of
persons engaged in the rebellion and for the
punishment of treason against the United
States. The proceedings necessary for these
purposes were defined and prescribed in that
act. Its provisions were intended to be addi-
tional to and in aid of the war power of the
Government. Section thirteen of that act
contains the following provision:
" Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized at any time hereafter, by
proclamation, to extend to persons who may have
participated in the existing rebellion in any State or
pa.rt thei cof, pardon and amnesty, with such excep-
tions and at such time and on such conditions as he
may deem expedient for the public welfare."
The President may have possessed this
power under the Constitution. Indeed, I think
he did so possess it. But, whether he did or
not, the section conferred on him plenary pow-
ers in matters of amnesty and pardon. It was,
too, a recognition of the propriety of using
these powers in aid of the war,
On the 12th of March, 18GS, provision was
also made by Congress for the appointment of
Treasury agents to look after and to gather up
and dispose of certain abandoned and captured
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 340.
property in the States then declared to be in
insurrection and rebellion. It was not pro-
vided that this captured and abandoned prop-
erty should be confiscated. One great object
seemed to be to prevent its loss or destruction,
and when sold its proceeds were to be paid into
the Treasury, or rather held by the Government
primarily for the use of the owner when prop-
erly claimed by him. It was only when no
lawful owner appeared for this property that
the proceeds were to be retained by the Govt
ernment. Provision was'made inthis act tbat
persons might go into the courts, and, on estab-
lishing their right to any of this property, should
receive back the proceeds of what belonged to
them, deducting theamount of expenses, &e.,
in cases were the property had been sold.
That act contained a provision which I will ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" And any person claiming to hare been the owner
of any such abandoned or captured property may, at
any time within two years after the suppression of
the rebellion, prefer his claim to the proceeds thereof
in the Court of Claims; and on proof to the satisfac-
tion of said court of his ownership of said properly,
of his right to the proceeds thereof, and that he has
never given any aid or comfort to the present rebel-
lion, to receive the residue of such proceeds after the
deduction of any purchase-money which may have
been paid, together with the expense of transporta-
tion and sale of said property and any other lawful
expenses attending the disposition thereof."
Mr. NIBLACK. Now, Mr. Speaker, in
pursuance of the act of July 17,18U2, to which
I have referred heretofore, President Lincoln,
then President of the United States, on the 6th
day of December, 1SG3, published his procla-
mation to those engaged in the rebellion, spe-
cifying the terms and conditions upon which
they might come forward and receive amnesty
and political absolution. I ask the Clerk to
read the first clause of that amnesty proclama-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States, do proclaim, declare, and make known to all
persons who have directly or by implication parti-
cipated in the existing rebellion, except as herein-
after excepted, that afullpardonisherebygranted to
them and each of them, with restoration of all rights
of property, except as to slaves and in property cases
where rights of third parties shall have intervened,
and upon condition that every such person shall
take and subscribe an oath and thenceforward keep
and maintain said oath inviolate, and which oath
shall be registered for permanent preservation, i>nd
shall be of tho tenor and effect following, to wit."
Mr. NIBLACK. Then, Mr. Speaker, fol-
lows the oath required by this proclamation,
and certain exceptions and reservations as to
some classes of the more prominent or obnox-
ious persons as defined by the President. This
proclamation, as will be observed, promises
to these persons, upon conditions and with
the exceptions above referred to, the fall res-
toration of all their rights of property, except
that in slaves, and where the rights of third per-
sons had intervened. These rights of prop-
erty, according to all fair, legal construction,
include the right to the proceeds of the prop-
erty, when sold and wherever found; and I
think that is especially the case when we come
to construe that proclamation in connection
with the act of Match 12, 1808, iii regard to
this captured and abandoned property, a por-
tion of which I have just had read.
Under these provisions of the law and of
the proclamation quite a number of persons,
who had availed themselves of this amnesty,
which was afterward extended by the Presi-
dent during and up to the very close of the
war, filed their petitions in the Court of Claims,
and have ever since been prosecuting their
claims for the proceeds of their property. The
Supreme Court of the United States, in the
case of Paddleford against the Government,
known as the Paddleford case, has recently
decided that on proof of amnesty granted in
this proclamation, or proof of pardon by the
President having been given—that is the geu-
ei'al, language ot the opinion, but the particu-
lar case 1 refer to being one under the general
amnesty proclamation of President Lincoln,
the claimant having accepted of the conditions
imposed by the President in his proclamation-'—
was thereaffcerto be considered in the same light
as if he had never participated in the rebellion
at all, having received entire absolutiati, and
standing in the court as an innocent party, ear
titled to the restoration of his property under
the proclamation, or to a retail of the proceeds
of his property just as if fie had never partici-
pated in the rebellion at all. In other words,
that all disabilities as to his right to recover
back his own property were removed by the
proof of amnesty or pardon.
They made this decision, not only under the
statutes to which I have referred, but in the
light of the precedents, both American and
English, on the subject of pardon and amnesty.
Now, sir, I am informed that there is not a
large amount of money involved in this proviso,
as the class of claimants to come in who have
applied within the two years for the restoration
of the proceeds of their property is not very
large, and as other claimants have been barred
for some time past as to all further claims.
But the Senate believing that this opened the
door more widely than was intended by Con-
gress, and not being willing to submit to a
construction of this law by the courts of the
country, first bythe Court of Claims, and after-
ward by the Supreme Court of the United
States—in an effort to override this decision, iu
an effort to drive all this remaining class of
claimants now prosecuting their claims in the
Court of Claims out of court, and to summarily
dispose of this whole question by legislative
action instead of by judicial construction, which
I have always understood to be the rule by
which the rights of parties in courts are to be
adjudged and decided in this country—adopted
this proviso as an amendment to our appropri-
ation bill in regard to the Court of Claims. I
v/ill ask _now that this proviso shall be read,
and I hope every member of the House will
give it strict attention.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted by
the President, whether general or special, by^proc-
lamation or otherwise, nor any acecptancc of such
pardon or amnesty, nor oat.li taken, or other act
performed in pursuance or as a condition thereof,
shall be admissible in evidence on the part of any
claimant in the Court of Claims ns evidence in sup-
port of any claim against the United States, or to
establish the standing of any claimant in said court
or his right to bring or maintain suit therein; nor
shall any sueh paruon, amnesty, acceptance, oath,
or other act as aforesaid, heretofore offered or put
in evidence on behalf of any claimant in said court,
bo used or considered by said court, or by the appel-
late court on appeal from said court in deciding
upon the claim ot said claimant, orany appeal there-
irom, as any part of the proof to sustain the claim
of the claimant or to entitle him to maintain lii<3
action in said Couit of Claims or an appeal there-
from ; but the proof ox loyalty xequired by the
twelfth section of the act of March 3, 18GS, entitled
"An act to amend an act to establish a court for the
investigation of claims against the United States/'
approved Pebruary "1, 1<55, and by the third sec-
tion of tho act entitled "An act to provide fu-
tile collection of abandoned property, and for tho
prevention of fiauds in insurrectionary districts
within the United States, approved March 12,1863,
and by the third section of the act entitled "An act
to pioviue tor appeals from the Court ot Claims,
and for other purposes/' approved dune 25, lB'iS,
shall bo made by proof of the matters required by
sftid sections, respectively, irrespective of the effect
ot any executive proclamation, pardon, amnesty,
or other act of condonation or oblivion. And in all
cases where judgment shall liavo been heretofore
rendered in the Court ot Claims in favor of any
claimant on any other proof of loyalty than sueh as
is above required andprovided, and which ishereby
declared to have been and to be the true intent and
meaning of said respective acts, the Supreme Court
shall, on appeal, reverse such judgment: And pro-
vided further. That whenever any pardon shall have
heretofore been granted by tho President of tho
United States to any person bringing suit in tho
Court of Claims for the proceeds of abandoned or
captured property under the said act, approved
March 12,1863,and the acts amendatory of the same,
and such pardon shall recite, in substance, thatsuch
person took part m the late rebellion against the
Government of the United States, or was guilty of
any a.et of rebellion against or disloyalty to the Uni-
ted States, and such pardonshail havebcenaccepted
in writing by the person to whom the same issued,
without an express disclaimer^ of and pi-otcsUiion
against such t.ict of guilt eontaineit iu such aceopt-
ance, sueh pardon and acceptance shall be taken and
deemed in such suit in the said Couj tot Claims, and
