636
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
bers of the Board of Visitors to be appointed
by the President, according to existing law, to
attend the annual examination of cadets at the
United States Military Academy, there shall
be on every such board two Senators to be
designated by the Vice President or President
pro tem pore of the Senate ; and three Members
of the House of Representatives to be desig-
nated by the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, such designations respectively to
be made at the session of Congress next pre-
ceding the time of such examination ; arid the
Senators and Members so appointed shall make
full report of their action as such visitors, with
their views and recommendations in regard to
the said Military Academy, within twenty days
after the meeting of Congress, at the session
next succeeding the time of their appointment.
Approved, February 21, 1870.
Chap. XIX.—An Act to Admit the State of
Mississippi to Itepresentation in the Con-
gress of the United States.
Whereas the people of Mississippi have
framed and adopted a constitution of State
government which is republican ; and whereas
the Legislature of Mississippi elected under
said constitution has ratified the fourteenth
and fifteenth amendments to the Constitution
of the United States; and whereas the per-
formance of these several acts in good faith is
a condition-precedent to the representation of
the State in Congress: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of lie]}
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said State of
Mississippi is entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United States: J'rovided, That,
before any member of the Legislature of said
State shall take or resume his seat, or any
officer of said State shall enter upon the duties
of his office, ho shall take and subscribe, and
tile in the office of the secretary of State of
Mississippi, for permanent preservation, an
oath or affirmation in the form following: "I,
 , do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that I have never taken an oath as a member
of Congress, or as an officer of the United
States, or as a member of any State Legislature,
or as an executive or judicial officer of any
State, to support the. Constitution of the United
States, and afterward engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof, so help me
Ood or tinder the pains and penalties of
perjury, (as the ease may be ;) or such person
shall in like manner take, subscribe, and file
the following oath or affirmation: "I,-— 
 , do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
have, by act of Congress of the United States,
been relieved from the disabilities imposed
upon me by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, so help me
Cod;" or under the pains and penalties of
perjury, (as the case may be;) which oaths or
affirmations shall betaken before and certified
by any officer lawfully authorized to administer
oaths. And any person who shall knowingly
swear or affirm falsely in taking either of such
oaths or affirmations shall be deemed guilty of
perjury, and shall be punished therefor by
imprisonment not less than one year, and not
more than ten years, and shall bo fined not. less
than one thousand dollars, and not more than
ten thousand dollars. And in all trials for any
violation of this act, the certificate of the taking
of either of said oaths or affirmations, with
proof of the signature of the party accused, shall
betaken and held as conclusive evidence that
such oath or affirmation was regularly and law-
fully administered by competeut authority:
And provided further, That every such person
who shall neglect for the period of thirty days
next after the passage of this act to take, sub-
scribe, and file such oath oraffirmationasafore-
said, shall be deemed and taken, to all intents
and purposes, to have vacated his office: And
provided further, That the State of Mississippi
is admitted to representation in Congress as
one of the States of the Union, upon the fol-
lowing fundamental conditions : First, that
the constitution of Mississippi shall never be
so amended or changed as to deprive any citi-
zen or class of citizens of the United States of
the right to vote who are entitled to vote by
the constitution herein recognized, except as a
punishment for such crimes as are now felonies
at common law, whereof they shall have been
duly convicted under laws equally applicable
to all the inhabitants of said State: Provided,
That any alteration of said constitution, pros-
pective in its effects, may be made in regard to
the time and place of residence of voters. Sec-
ond, that it shall never be lawful for the said
State to deprive any citizen of the United
States, on account of his race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, of the right to hold
office under the constitution and laws of said
State, or upon any such ground to require of
him any other qualifications for office than such
as are required of all other citizens. Third,
that the constitution of Mississippi shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of the United States
of the school rights and privileges secured by
the constitution of said State.
Approved, February 23, 1870.
Chain XX.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for the Naval Service for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, namely:
For the Bureau of Steam Engineering, five
hundred thousand dollars.
For the Bureau of Construction and Repairs,
one million five hundred thousand dollars ; and
the following amounts of unexpended balances
are hereby covered into the Treasury, viz : of
the unexpended balance standing to the credit
of the Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, one
million four hundred thousand dollars; of the
balance to the credit of the Bureau of Equip-
ment and Recruiting, three hundred and ninety-
nine thousand dollars; of the balance to the
credit of the Bureau of Navigation, two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars; and of the
balance to the credit of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, nine hundred and fifty-one thousand
dollars.
And these sums shall be covered in and re-
stored to the Treasury, whether they stand to
the credit of said bureaus in the proper books
of the Treasurer of the United States, or have
been placed to any otiieraccount, or are under
the control of any officer or agent of the Navy
Department: l'roeided, That the money so ap-
propriated shall be expended only for the pur-
pose of providing materials, carrying 011 the
work, and paying the employes of the bureaus
for which it is appropriated.
Approved, February 2-1, 1870.
Chap. XXI.—An Act making an Appropria-
tion to defray the Expenses of Witnesses in
the Investigation by the Military Committee
in reference to the Sale of Cadetslxips.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep- '
resentativesof the. United States of America in ;
Congress assembled, That the syijn of three !
thousand dollars, or as much hereof as may j
be necessary, is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to defray the expenses incurred by
the Committee on Military Xffairs in conduct-
ing the investigation ordered by the House
of Representatives by resolution of February
fourth, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approted, February 24, 1870.
Chap. XXII.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be
established as post roads :
alabama.
From Butler, via Pushmataha and Whynot,
to Meridian.
arizona.
From Sacaton to Florence.
From Maricopa Wells to Phoenix.
From Bluewater to Florence.
From Pima Village to Phoenix.
arkansas.
From Pine Bluff, via White Sulphur Springs,
White Oak, and Lee's Ferry, to Princeton.
From Kldorado, via Mount Holly, Village
Creek, Calhoun, Magnolia, and Dorchester,
to Lewisville.
From Pino Bluff to Sheridan.
From Hampton to Chambersvillc.
From Little Rock, via Sheridan, to Prince
ton.
From Dallas, via Milton, Ozau, and Nash-
ville, to Washington, in Hempstead county,
Arkansas.
FromBaxterSprings, Kansas, toFortSmith,
in Arkansas, via Maysville.
From Hot Springs to Fort Smith, in Arkan-
sas.
From Batesville to Yellville. via Iiapp's
Barrens.
california.
From Munckton, via Bridgeport, to Sweet
W ater.
From New ville to Blkins.
From Somersville to Banty's.
From Independence to Cerro Gordo.
From Independence, via Lone Pine, to Los
Angelos.
From Moore's Flat to Graniteville.
From Truckee, via Sierraville, to Loyalton.
From Truckee to Tahoo.
From Banty's, via Greysville, Crowe's Land-
ing, Orest.imba, and Hill's Ferry, to Dover,
From Pachecho, via Clayton, Nortonville,
and Somersville, to Antioch.
From Santa Kosa to Sebastopol.
From Ukiah City to Lake Port.
From Ilealsburg to Calistoga.
From Marysvillo, via North Butte, to Prince-
ton.
From Woodside, via Summer Springs, San
Gregorio, to Pescadero.
From Sau Diego, Penasquiia, Poway, Bal-
lena, Santa Isabel, Warner's Ranch, and San
Jacinto, to San Bernardino.
From Napa City, via Sonoma, to Santa Rosa.
colorado.
From Kit Carson, via Wild Horse Springs,
and Antelope Springs, to Puebla.
From Saganche to Southern Ute Agency.
From Breckinridge, via Hot Springs, to,
White River Agency.
From Evans, via Burlington, to Boulder.
From Carson City to Colfax.
From livans to Black City.
From Fort Lyon to Nine-mile Bottom.
dakota.
From Yankton to Columbus, in Nebraska.
From Vermillion, via l&ureka, to Swan Lake.
From Fort Randall t.o Whetstone.
