2594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
true revenue standard ; where they would most
encourage the poor, and stimulate legitimate
enterprises honestly and economically con-
ducted, and pander least to the monopolists,
the insatiable protectionists who demand ex-
emption from the righteous law of fair play;
where they would most effectively encourage
high and honorable competition, and thus
develop the vast and masterly capacities of
our people, and give full scope and play to
their boundless diversity of talents, inventive
genius, and competitive powers. This is all
our people need. They are, if left free, more
than a match for the most advanced nations
on earth. The incubus of protection only clogs
and cripples their mighty powers, Remove
these manacles from them, and their native
energies will spring forth with redoubled power
and win the prize against the world.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I shall
not go out of my way to answer the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.] It is the cheapest
material in the world to indulge in, to talk of
swindle, swindle, swindle. I observe this is a
bill of details, and just in proportion as gen-
tlemen understand little of the matter in the
bill on the point under consideration they go
off into these ecstasies of—I was going to say
of Democracy—but into these ecstasies of de-
nunciation against the whole protective system.
There was nothing truer than what I insisted
on the other day, that a tariff bill which neces-
sarily involves discrimination, which, when
sustained by Democrats or Republicans, always
involves these discriminations, such as we
ulways have had and probably always will have
in the country, requires attention to each one
of the details presented. It would have been
much better for gentlemen, instead of making
these spasmodic outcries against the general
system or against the bill, denouncing it as
one of abominations, to point out wherein it
is wrong, if they can, and confine themselves
in doing so to the particular matter under
review in the bill.
As to the general charge, all who are con-
cerned in bringing forward any measure of
this kind are playing into the hands of some
interested parties, and thus combine to swin-
dle the people of the country, that argument
can only be met by the contempt which it
deserves. I presume there are honest men
equally so on each side of the House. _ I im-
peach no man's motive for believing in this
wild theory of free trade. 1 impeach no man's
motive for being, what I am not, a very high
protectionist. Jle may entertain either opin-
ion and bo perfectly honest; but I do impeach
any man who can find no argument to sustain
his own side of the question except au assault
on the motives of others. I would not have
been betrayed into this, but gentlemen would
talk in a general way about the matter instead
of coming down to the particular amendment
under consideration.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman applies
his language to his colleague on the committee
as well as to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. I tried to stop my col-
league.
Mr. KBLLEY. I was speaking to the sub-
ject under consideration.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Indi-
ana must, admit, that my colleague did talk in
his last speech about the matter particularly
under consideration, which was in reference
to cloth made of cow's hair and shoddy, and
he gave a practical illustration while he was
talking.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I propose to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. KERR. I will withdraw my amendment
if there be no objection.
Objection was made.
Mr. COX. I move to increase it to 30. Mr.
Chairman. I happen to be confidentially ac-
quainted with this sort of cloth, that cloth which
was brought to this House by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kem.ev ;] and which
with a sort of theatrical manner, which im-
pressed me very much, he tore it to pieces,
as shoddy; as if he and his party did not like
shoddy.
Mr. KELLEY. No doubt I did; I intended
to do so.
Mr. COX. The tariff proposed on this sort
of cloth, costing G-l cents per pound, is GO cents
per pound and 35 per cent, ad valorem. I can
tell the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Keixey] that I can tear his clothes off him
just as he tore that rag a moment ago. And
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiesok] who
sits smiling so serenely, the gentleman who is
the "bull-dog" of the tariff, as he was called
in the communication which was read on Satur-
day—I do not know whether lie wears English
or French broadcloths, but if lie will give me
a chance at his clothes J will tear them also all
to rags. They are all shoddy 1
Mr. SCHENCK. Very probably. The gen-
tleman could tear almost any subject into rags.
Mr. COX. That is what this Republican
party is bringing this country to by its tariff-
to poverty and rags.
Seriously, in regard to these matters there
is some intelligence among the American peo-
ple. When they buy goods they can try them
lor themselves. They do not require to have the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Keq.uy]
going all over the country to try whether their
calicoes, shirts, and broadcloths will stand his
strength. The people when they buy goods can
look after the quality of them for themselves.
The Federal Congress is not, I think, an
organism for the purpose of protecting the
American people in their little trades at coun-
try stores and other places. Nor is it intended
to be a Government to prohibit the entry of
any kind of goods froifl abroad. We were
started, I think, as a free Government. Our
first attempt was on tea; and we are organized
in free commerce. We ought to trust the peo-
ple somewhere and somehow; and if we cannot
trust them with their clothes where and how
cau you trust them?
I hope the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr,
Sciienck,] who is very strict in shutting us out
from general debate, will not object to my say-
ing that I think it is his duty, in order to bo
consistent, to bring in abill prohibiting all sorts
of uncertain cloths from being brought here.
He should make a sort of bureaucracy for the
purpose of compelling the people to buy for
their families just what that bureau may pre-
scribe, and nothing else. He might at the
same time send out the stalwart gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kei.ley] as the man to tear
them to pieces, to test the beauties of this pro-
tective system.
This, however, is not exactly to the point to
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Scihencjc]
would confine us. I was cut oil' a few minutes
ago while trying to get at that point. We have,
in these short debates, to work a little super-
fluous before discussing the clauses of the bill.
But all through this bill there is much com-
plexity, so many ramifications. For instance,
one sort of cotton cloth is taxed according
to the square inch, and another at so much
a pound ; this class of woolens at an ad valo-
rem duty, and that at a specific duty, and
another ad valorem, and so on. This makes
such a jumble that hardly anybody, not even
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
i.ey,] with all his astuteness, and certainly not
the keen old fox from Ohio, [Mr. Soiienok,]
who is now in my eye, could, were it to save
his soul, go into the New York custom-house
and tell one kind of cloth from another, be it
woolen or cotton, and say what duty it should
pay, how much specific and how much acl
valorem,.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like to have the
debate on this paragraph stopped, and ask
unanimous consent from the committee that
it shall now close.
The question being put on Mr. Kerb's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
Mr. BROOKS of New York. I move to
amend by adding after the words "ad valo-
rem," at the end of the paragraph, the fol-
lowing :
Provided, Tliat no duty shall be levied under this
paragraph exceeding 10;) per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows:
On wobbing, bindings, braids, galloons, fringes,
gimps, and head-nets,manufactured or inade wholly
or in part of wool, worsted, or goat's hair, 50 cents
per pound, and, in addition thereto, 35 per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. By instruction from the
Committee of Ways and Means, I move to
•amend this paragraph as follows :
Strike out the words "goat's hair, "und in lieti
thereof insert " the hair of goats or other animals,
silk not being a component material thereof of chief
value."
Mr. AXTELL. 1 rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I may have to beg the indulgence of
the Chairman, as I claim the floor for the pur-
pose of replying to some personal strictures
made upon myself by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Marshall.] I will, however, detain
the committee only a moment.
In the course of the debate on Saturday last
the gentleman from Illinois said:
" 1 have no doubt my friend from California hon-
estly represents his own views, but lio does not rep-
l-caont. the views of tho Democratic or the. llopublicau
party of the Pacific slope. As evidenco of that I will
have road an editorial article from the Sacramento
Daily Union, a Republican paper published in Cali-
fornia."
I do not propose to criticise either the right
or good taste of thegentlemau from Illinois in
asserting that a member does not represent the
views of his constituency, nor shall I pause to
inquire of him what pains or penalties ho pro-
poses to inflictupon a man who prefers his own
judgment to the dictation of the Republican
or Democratic party. 1 must be permitted,
however, to say that it is a singular spectacle
for a leading member of the Democratic party
to bo found so faint in argument that he is
compelled to lean for support upon Republican
papers, and in the place of relying upon fact
or argument cries out " Party!" "Party!"
I am willing to admit, that from all I have
seen, the gentleman does fully represent his
district, tho Egypt of Illinois; but I must re-
spectfully suggest that he does not represent
the earnest, patriotic, and intelligent city of
San Francisco, and while I will not assert as
he did of me, thathedoes notreprcsenlTllinois,
I will, as an evidence that there is a difference,
of sentiment in that great and noisy Slate, send
to the Clerk's desk an extract from a private
letter received by myself from a citizen of
Chicago, and if I am not greatly at fault in my
estimate of the enterprising and earnest men
of that twin sister of San Francisco they will
bring to a stern account those Illinois Repre-
sentatives here, who, unmindful of her great
lakes and ocean ship-canal, sit here and vote
to make and keep Illinois a dependency upon
railway kings and New York importers.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Let mo hopo that when iron is reached you will
vofco to retain the present duty on pig iron. My homo
is in Illinois, and the great increase in the produc-
tion of that important metal has been west of the
Alleghaiiies for four years past, and if the present
duty is maintained, in two years we shall bo making
iron ships by the score at Chicago, Milwaukee, De-
troit, and St. Louis. I have no interest directly or
indirectly in the manufacture of iron beyond what
every citizen has in promoting the general welfare,
by its manufacture being 'extended in the West.'"
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last five words.
Mr. Chairman, I entered the Hall this morning
with the fixed purpose of not participating in
the debate oh the tariff to-day. I see that the
course to be taken by this Congress upon this
