1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mf
to get his property except that he can prove as
a matter of fact that he gave no aid or com-
fort to the rebellion. All other avenues are
open to him. He can come to Congress as
all other claimants and present his claim. His
pardon, then, as.a matter of fact, did not open
the doors of the Court of Claims to him, because
he could never wipe out the fact that he did
give aid and comfort to the enemy, although
his pardon did restore him to his rights. While
I was in favor of the amendment, and while I
did all I could in the committee of conference
to have it adopted, still I yielded to the Senate
for these two reasons: first, because the Sen-
ate would not yield to us, and there are other
matters of great importance in this bill which
I could not give up; and secondly, because in
my opinion it leaves it where, when he accepted
the pardon of President Lincoln, he knew he
could not go into the Court of Claims. I now
demand the previous question on the adoption
of the report.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the report will be
non-concurred in, so that we may have another
committee of conference.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. *
Mr. ORIS WOLD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 41, not voting
07 ; as follows :
Y-EAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Amell, Asper, Atwood, Banks, Barry, Benjamin,
Kenton, Boles, George M. Brooks, Buffinton. Bur-
chard, ltodovick R. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Sidney
Oiitrke, Am.isa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Covode, Cul-
)om, Dawes,Degener, Dickey,Dixon, Donley, Duval,
i'emss. Kerry, Einkelnburg, Gil til Ian, Harris, Hill,
Hour," Hooper, Jvellcy, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kcteham,
ICiiapp, Lawrence, Logan,Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Grew, McKenzie, Mercur, Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse
II. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
]sTegley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Palmer, Peck, Phelps, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Selienek, Scoficld, Shanks, William J. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevens, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong,'Tanner, Tillman,Townsend.Twichcll, Tyner,
IJpson, Van Horn, Wallace, Ward, Oartwalader C.
Washburn, Willia.m B. Washburn, Welker, Wilkin-
son, Willard, and Williams—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Beck, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird. James Brooks, Calkin. Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Dickinson, Eldridge. Pitch, Gets, Griswotd, Ilaight,
Johnson, Thomas L. .Tones, Korr, Knott, Lewis,
Marshall, Mayham, MeCormick. MeNeely, Morgan,
Niblaek, Potter, Reeves, Rice, Sehumaker,Sloeum,
Stiles, Tmtible, Van Aukon, Van Trump, Wells-
Eugene M, Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Ayer,
Bailey, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Bennett, Btair,
Booker.Bowen, Boyd.Buck,Buckley, Burdett. Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler,Cessna, William T.Clark, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Cowles, Dun-all, Davis,
Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Ela, Earnsworth,I'iolier, Fox,
Garfield, Gibson, Ilaldeman, Hale, Ilambleton,
ilaiuili. Hamilton, Hawkins, Itawlcy, Hay, Hays,
Heflm.Hoge.Uolraan.Hotchkiss, Ingersoll. Jonckes,
Alexander ll. Jones, Judd, Julian, Latlin, Lash,
Leiisiiridge, Lynch, McCrary, MeKoe, Milnes, Mor-
plup. Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, New-
t-ham. Perce. Peters, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,Porter,
Randall, Ilidgwa.y, Rogers, Sanford, Lionel A.Shel-
don, Porter Slieldon,_ Sherrod, Shober, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stone. Strader,
Swann, Sweeney, Taffe,Taylor,VanWyek.Voorhees,
Wheeler, Whit.more, John T. Wilson, Winans, and
Wi tcher—97.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OCEAN BTKAMSIITP8.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2383) to encourge the
establishmentofaline ofsteamships, as anaux-
i'limy means of national defense, and for the
economical conveyance of mails of the United
States under the flag of the Union to European
ports and ports of India and China, and for pro-
moting emigration from Europe to the southern
States of the Union ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ^COFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider'be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WOOD, (at five
o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petition of
William H. Crank, of Harris county, Texas,
for removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. DEGENER : The petition of Dr.
G. L. Weiselberg, of Bexar county, Texas,
for removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. KERR: The additional evidence
and application of Robert Baldwin, of New
Albany, Indiana, for compensation for carry-
ing the mails in 1836-37 for the United States.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition
of George W. Johnson and others, citizens
of Jackson, Ohio, praying that a pension be
granted to James Beatty, on account of dis-
ability incurred in the service.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 11, 1870.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
On motion of Mr. THAYER, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
Saturday last was dispensed with.
OHDETv OF business.
Mr. THAYER. I do not move to take up
any bill now. 1 shall wait until the morning
business is over. I desire to say that having
charge of enrolled bills I shall be obliged to
be out of the Chamber a good deal of the time
this week, and cannot be here to watch my
chance to get' the floor. I shall ask the Sen-
ate, after the morning business is disposed of,
to finish Senate bill No. 510, which was nearly
completed the other evening.
credentials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the credentials
of lion. Henry B. Anthony, elected by the
Legislature of the State of Rhode Island a Sen-
ator from that State for the term commencing
on the 4th day of March, 1871 ; which were
read, and ordered to be filed.
Mr. DRAKE presented the credentials of
Hon. Aai'.on H. Cbauin, elected by the Legis-
lature of the State of New Hampshire for the
term commencing on the 4th day of March,
1871; which were read, and ordeiedto be tiled,
petition's and memorials.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of An-
thony Bowen, praying for extra compensation
for services rendered as an emploje of the
Patent Office; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of
Orran C. Home, of Georgia, praying for the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on-the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I am
charged with the -duty of presenting to the
Senate a petition very numerously and respect-
ably signed by citizens of San Francisco, which
I have sent to the desk. It prays for the in-
tervention of Congress on behalf of the Irish
State prisoners, some of whom it is alleged
are American citizens, who were convicted for
words spoken within the United States. The
petition makes a very strong case—-one well
worthy of the attention of the Senate. It, shows
the inlliction on these Slate prisoners of most
cruel and unusual punishments; such as, I
should say, have not been inflicted upon polit- ]
ical prisoners under any other Government
within this century. Among the least of these
punishments is flogging for trifling offenses,
violations of prison discipline, some of which
must have been wholly unintentional, or if
intended were so venial as to furnish no color
of pretext for the barbarous treatment of the
unhappy prisoners.
The prayer ofthe petition is, that a com- .
mission be appointed of two reputable and
discreet American citizens to inquire into and
report the facts. Intervention for humanity's
sake is an established rule of public law. In
our own practice, there are in the statutes of
Congress and in theproceedings of both Houses,
certainly in the House of Representatives, there
are ample precedents for action by Congress
upon the charges of this petition. I shall not
detain the Senate by asking to have it read. I
ask that it be printed, so that its statements
may be within the information of this body. I
ask, also, that it be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered.
The petition is as follows :
Petition to the Senate of the United Stute? in behalf of
j?cnian 'prisoners.
"W'hcrccis the British Government have seized ami
incarcerated a number of men for alleged political
offenses, some of whom are American citizens; that
said American citizen's have been denied the rights
accorded to foreigners tried by British courts: that
they have been condemned lor words spoken in the
United States, and wo have learned upon undoubted
authority that they and all of the Irish political
prisoners are subjected to inhuman prison rigors
which astound the civilized world and disgrace the
nineteenth century.
llesolved, That we this day denounce those inhu-
manities, and that we petition the Senate and Exec-
utive of the United States to interpose their offices
and put forth their powers in behalf of those prison-
ers; and with that object in view to appointa medi-
cal commission of two or more mcdical men to visit
the prisoners (commonly known as " Fenian prison-
ers") now held in custody by the British Govern-
ment for political offenses, and to report back to the
Senate and Executive the actual condition of those
prisoners and the material circumstances connected
with their arrest, trial", arid imprisonment; that the
petition now read be adopted, and that the same bo
forwarded to lion. Senator Cas^erly for present-
ation.
To the honorable the Senate
ofthe United State?, in Cwgiest assembled:
The petition of the undersigned, citizens of San
Francisco, respectfully showeth:
That petitioners have learned on undoubted testi-
mony that the British Government have seized and
incarcerated a number of men for political offenses,
some of whom are American citizens; that said Amer-
ican citizens have been denied the rights accorded to
foreigners when being tried by British courts; that
they have been condemned for words spoken in the
United States of America, and those men, commonly
known as '"Fenian prisoners," are subjected to in-
human prison rigors which astound the civilized
worid and disgrace the nineteenth century.
That,the prisoners are prohibited from seeing even
the dearest of their friends oftener than once in six
months, and then only in presence of adepnty jailer,
who keeps a barred screen between the prisoner and
his friends.
Xh;:t they are refused the use of pen, ink, and
paper, and are peimiltcd to wiitc K'ltcis to fuends
or receive letters only once in six month5!, and an.v
! such letter must be read and approved of by the jail
governor.
That they arc subjected to worse treatment than
the meanest British felons: they are obliged 10 wash
the floors of their cells, scour their tins, wash the ioul
linen of the hospital belonging to loathsome crimi-
nals, bathe in baths containing the same loul water
in which several criminals have previous!^ bathed.
That they are prohibited, under the dread of heavy
punishment, from speaking to each other during
( work hours, at meals or at any other time; fo iamrh
j or to sing in their dark, lonely cells is a crime; shut
out from the world, from friends and conveisc, in-
sulted and clubbed by brutal warders on theshghto.-st
pretext; made to stand still at their command, to
look to the right, to the left, lookon the ground, look
on the wall, stand during their pleasure, to bo
stripped in the cold, examined while naked nig'it
and morning, all clothing taken away to be separately
examined, and in the mean time their helpless vic-
tims are, left shivering while this degrading proems
1 proceeds.
i That they are compelled to draw stone in carts,
; with collars round their nocks, yoked to the carts like
oxen. That they areyoked in tbisdeicradjng employ-
ment with the most debased of Unglish criminals—
the vilest and most hiatal—many of whom are con-
demned for iit'e fin' crimes that cannot be named
That if they demurto th;* treatment they are placed
in dark cells for several davs at a time, ted on l i'j,ui
and water, whipped,clubbed, pummoled, ironed, and
starved by brutal warders, who uiderstand well whuL
