1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
boundaries oi' nevada,
Mr. FITCH introduced a bill (II. R. No. 776)
to enlarge the boundaries of the State of Ne-
vada ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
POST ROUTES IN NEVADA.
Mr. FITCH also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 777) to establish certain post routes in
the State of Nevada ; which was read a first ;
aud second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
WILLIAM B. WILSON.
Mr. FITCH also introduced a joint resolu- ,
tion (H. II. No. 104) for the relief of William ;
B. Wilson for extra services in carrying the !
United States mail in the State of Nevada; j
which was read a first and second time, and i
referred to the Committee on the Post Office I
and Post Roads. ' j
LIEUTENANT JOHN SCOTT. !
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (II. R. No. i
778) for the relief of Lieutenant John Scott, \
ol the fourth United States infantry; which 'j
was read a first and second time, and referred, .
with accompanying papers, to the Committee il
of Claims.
INDIAN TITIXS. ;;
_ Mr. TAFFE also introduced a joint resolu- I
tion (H. Ii. No. 105) to disincumber the pub- :!
lie domain of the so-called Indian titles; which j
was read a first and second time, and referred j|
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. jj
BOUNDARY BETWEEN NEBRASKA AND DAKOTA, jj
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a bill (H. R. '!
No. 779) to define a portion of the boundary !'
line between the State of Nebraska and the "
Territory of Dakota; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Territories.
POST 110UTB3 IN COLORADO.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 780) to establish certain post roads in the
Territory of Colorado ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CALL OP STATES I'OH RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER stated that States would now :
be called for resolutions, to be put on their pas- ,
sage, the call beginning with the State of North i
Carolina, where the call last rested. j
CARRIAGES FOR GOVERNMENT OFFICERS, ETC. '
Mr. MUNGEN submitted the following res- j
olution, on which lie demanded the previous ;
question: :
Resolved, That tho Secretaries of the Departments
of State. Treasury. \Var, Navy, Interior, the Post-
master General, and tho Attorney General be di- !
rected to report to this House the numb or of carriages ;
and horses and the amount uf harness paid for out !
of the Treasury of the United States, or out of the i
contingent funds of said Departments, and used tor 1
tlio convenience and pleasure of said heads of Dc- |
partments and their families, stating the amounts ,
paid out for each respectively: nnd also what car-
riages, horses, and harness, property of the Govern-
ment of the United states, are used by the heads of
their re°peetive bureaus, and by what authority the
property of the Government has been so seized and
appropriated: and that they also be directed to -
report at the same lime their reasons for not stating
in their reports of contingent expenses the nature
and amountof expenditures for said carriages, horses
harness, forage, liveries, and tile wages paid to their
coachmen, footmen, and hostlus.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
87, noes 45; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER under the rule ordered tell-
ers ; and appointed Mr. Munuen aud Mr.
Benjamin.
The House again divided; and the tellers ,
reported—ayes 44, noes 64.
So the previous question was not seconded. .
Mr. BENJAMIN rising to debate the reso- :
lution it went over, under tho rule.
ADMISSION Off VIRSINIA. !
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a joint resolu- ;
tion (H, R. No. 100) declaring Virginia enti- <
tied to representation in Congress, and de-
manded the previous question on its passage.
The joint resolution was road, as follows:
Joint resolution declaring Virginia entitled to rep-
resentation in Congress.
Whereas the people of Virginia have adopted a
constitution republican in form, and have in ail re-
spects conformed to the requirements of ttie act of
Congress entitled "An act authorizing tho submis-
sion of the constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas to a vote of the people, and authorizing the
election of State officers, provided by the said con-
stitutions, and members of Congress," approved
April 10,1859: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Mepresenla-
tives of the United fatcdes of America in Oongress assem-
bled. That the said State of Virginia is entitled to
representation in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. CULLOM. Does that resolution come
from the Committee on Reconstruction ?
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate, and not in order.
Mr. PAINE. Does it come in under a sus-
pension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. It comes in under the call
of States, and is in order.
Mr. PAINE. Is it offered as a joint resolu-
tion or bill?
The SPEAKER. Asa joint resolution, and
the previous question has been demanded on
its passage.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the previous question
be not seconded will it not be in order to refer
the resolution to the Committee on Recon-
j struction?
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman can answer
| that question as well as the Chair,
j Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it parliamentary for
me to answer it?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. PETERS. Nor to ask it.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Bingham and
Mr. Cullom were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 68, noes 58.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. PAINE moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table ; but subsequently with-
drew his motion and demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered :
and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 76, nays 76, not voting 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper, Bailey,
Beaman, Bcatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Boles, Bowen,
Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buffinton, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Dawes, Dickcy,Don-
ley, Duval, Ela, Ferriss, Fisher, Giliillan, Iloatim,
Iioar, Iloge, Hooper, Jenckes, Judd.Kelley, Kelsey,
Knapp, Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynard,
McCrary, McGrew, Mercur, Daniel J. Mori-ell, ,'
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Heoficld, ;
Shanks, John A. Smith, William j. Smith, "YTi'iiam j
Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Tafie, Town- ,
send, Twichell, Upson, Van Horn, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Welker. Whitteinore, Wilkinson, Wii-
lard, and Winans—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, AxteU, Beck, 1
Bingham, Bird, Blair, James Brooks, Buckley. Bur-
chard, Burr, Calkin, Conger, Cox, Crebs. Callom,
Doweepo, Dickinson, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Finkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield, Getz, Golladay, (iri*-
wold, Haight, Hale, Haniill, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hawiey, Hay, Heflin, lngersoll, Johnson, Ketchain, !
Knott, Lailin, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham,
McCarthy, McCormick, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, '
Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Negley, Peters, Poland, J
Randall, Rice, Roger?, Schenck.Schumakcr,61ocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stone, Strong, Swarm, Sweeney, Tanner,
Trimble, Tyner. Van Trump. Wells. Williams Eu-
gene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winclioiicr, ai.d
Wood—76.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Armstrong,
Banks, Barnum, Benton, Bigps. Benjamin F. Butler,
Cake. Churchill. Cleveland, Cowled. Djxom,
Doekery, Dox, Dyer, Fox, Greene, llalueman. Uani-
hleton, Hays, Hoag. Hill, Jlohnr.n, Korebkis-.
Alexander II. Jones, Thome* L. Jones. Juli..i\KXL-
logg, Kerr. McNeely, Eliakim H. Moore, Wi*ii:>^i
Moore, Morrissey, Niblack, Packer, Potter, Re%d-
, ins, Hooves. Sanford, Sawyer, Lionel A, Sheldon,
' Porter Sheldon, Shorrort, frtevens, Stiles, Strader
btnekland Tillman, Van Auken, Voorhees, Warll
William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Witoher, and
i Woodward—58.
: Daring the roll-call,
Mr. VAN TRUMP stated that his colleague
!. from the Toledo district [Mr. Ho as] was absent
■ from sickness. If present he had no doubt his
colleague would have voted "nay."
,i The SPEAKER. There are 70 votes in the
ji affirmative and' 76 in the negative. The Chair
i: votes in the negative; so the House refuses to
i' reconsider the vote.
'I Mr. WHITTEMORE. I move that the
| House do now adjourn, and on that motion {
11 call for the yeas and nays.
; The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I would inquire whether thi3
motion is for dilatory purposes ?
The SPEAKER. The inquiry is not in
order. The Cleric will call the roll.
The question being on the motion to adjourn,
there were—yeas 39, nays 98, not voting 73;
as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Ambler, Bailey, Beatty, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, George H. Brooks, Buck, Burdett,
Roderick E. Butler, Clarke, Coburn, Cowles, isla,
Ferriss, Hoar, Hoge, Jcnckes, Kelsey, Lash, Law-
rence, McGrew, Mereur, Palmer Phelps, Prosser,
Roots, Seofield, John A. Smith, William Smyth,
btevenson. Stokes, Taffc,Twiohell,Van Horn,Whitte-
inore, Wilkinson, Willard,andWinans—39.
KAYS—Messrs. Adams,Archer, Axtel], Beaman,
Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Bingham, Bird, Blair,
James Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Barchard, Burr,
Calkin, Cessna, AmasaCobb, Cook, Conger, Cox,
[ Creos, * Cullom, Dickinson, Box, Eldridge, Farns-
| worth, Perry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield,
Getz.^ Golladay, Griswold, Haight, Hale, XIamill,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hawiey, Hay, He.iton, Heflin,
Ingersoll, Judd, Keliey, Ketcham, Knott, L&flin,
Logan, Marshall, Mayimm, Maynard, McCarthy,
MeCormiek. McCrary, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan,
Darnel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Jlunsen,
Myers, INegley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine,
Peters, liandall, Bice, Rogers, Sargent, Shanks,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith. William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stone, Stoughton,
Strong, Swann, Sweeney. Tanner, Townsend, Trim-
ble, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, CadwaUder C.
Washburn, "Wells, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
JohnT. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—98.
K0T VOTING—Messrs-Allison t Ames,Armstrong,
Arnell, Asner. Banks, Barnum, Benton, liiggs
Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb. Davis, Dawes. Deweese, Dickey,
Dixon,Dookery,Donley,Duval, Dyer,Fox.Gilflllan.
Greene, Haldeman, Hambleton. Hays, Hill, Hoag,
Holman, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Johnson. Alexander
II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr,
Ivnapp, Loughridge, Lyneh, JlcXeely, Eliakim H.
Moore, William Moore, Morrissey, Xiblack, Packer,
Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Reading, Reeves, Sanford,
Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon. Sherrod, Stevens, Stiles, Strader,
Strickland, Tillman, Van Auken, Yoofhees, Ward,
Yv'illiamB. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Witehcr.
and Woodward—73.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to it
point of order. The vote on the motion of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Uesjamik]
was announced as, yeas 7G, nays 76; but 1
learu that while Mr. Hoar, of Massachusetts,
and Mr. Hofii:, of South Carolina, both voted
in the affirmative, the vote of only one of these
gentlemen is recorded. The vote actually
stood, yeas 77, nays 70 ; but it was incorrect-
ly announced us yeas 76, nays 70. I desire to
have the record corrected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest that
it is not a proper way to correct the record to
proceed on hearsay. The roll is read by the
Clerk in order that gentlemen who have voted
m; y know whether their nemeshave been cor-
rectly recorded or not, and may have an op-
portunity of correcting the record if there is
an error. If a jreutlcman docs not then rise
: the supposition is that the record is correct.
At all events, subsequent statements by other
gentlemen cannot be taken ; and besides, even
if the fact be as stated by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] the Speaker's vote
would hrvc made a tie, and the Hoase would
not havo consented to reconsider the previous
Mr. PAiXli The Speaker did not cast
his vo'.e as a member of the House, but gave
his casting vote as Speaker.
