1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4483
organized, and which has a de facto existence,
even though it may not be yet established in a
fixed capital; in the magnitude of our public
and private interests in and connected with
Cuba ; in the considerable number of our citi-
zens in tlw island whose probable fate is in-
volved in the contest; in the complete and
close analogy of the patriot cause in Cuba with
that for which was achieved the revolution
which gave us birth as a nation, and in the
historical memory of our own debt of gratitude
for foreign sympathy and succor ; in the detest-
able oppression which, as is generally con-
fessed by Spaniards themselves, has so long
characterized the Spanish dominion in Cuba;
in the undisputed unanimity of the native Cuban
people against the Spanish yoke $ in the strong
and general sympathy of our own people in
their behalf, a sympathy which is a reasonable
and rightful as well as an irrepressible senti-
ment, not to be disregarded by a republican
Government; in the violation of the duties of
humanity and the rules of civilized war, which
characterizes the contest on the part of Spain,
and which necessarily leads to defensive retali-
ation on the other side; in the example already
set to us, and ths precedents established by the
several South American republics, which have
been beforehand wi',husm thestep in question ;
.and in the necessity of taking that step, so as
to place ourselves in the attitude of a true
neutrality, and to refuse to both sides alike the
use of our ports, dock-yards, and arsenals, for
the carrying on of their operations against each
other, instead of having to allow to Spain what
•we refuse to the Cubans.
If such a combination of reasons, all con-
verging to the one resultunder discussion, does
not suffice to justify it, nay, to impose it as
a manifest duty, I should lind it difficult to
imagine any ease in which such justification
will exist. Nor am I satisfied that we should
not stand morally and politically justified in
going much further, and in holding to Spain
substantially the following language:
"All the world knows that you must lose Cuba
sooner or later. Y011 are defending your possession
of it chiefly on the point of pride, though you know
that your hold upon it cannot be long maintained,
even if you succeed in crushing the present rebellion.
We cannot permit you to execute your constant
threatsof ruining what, youcannot continue to rule,
and what you can only rule for a time by the strong
hand of tyrannical force. We cannot consent to be
kept inperpetual hotwatorwith your refugees in our
country conspiring' with tiioir friends at home and
enlisting in their cause the irrepressible sympathies
of our own people. It is unreasonable that a dis-
tant European country should hold and rule an
important colony in such modes and on such prin-
ciples.
"In the present age the sole rightful tenure of polit-
ical authority is the exercise of it for the good of the
people governed, and in harmony with tlicir wishes
and consent. You have no real right to despoil Cuba
as you have go long done in the tnero intore^tof
Spain and of Spanish employes. This question be-
tween you and the Cubans has now como to a head,
and it mubt be settled on a permanent basis, in har-
mony with the civilization of the at?e. and with the
political ideas universally recognized in America,
and now generally recognized in Europe. You must
consent to giveCuba a colonial autonomy, analogous
to that of Canada and all the 33i'itish colonies. A
few years ago Canada was full of the spirit of rebel-
lion. She is now as loyal as England itself. Try tho
same wiso experiment m Cuba, in whose population
you have all tho elements ofrace, language, and man-
ners, to attach them in the same voluntary loyalty to
the Spanish connection when thoy shall cease to
know you only as extortionate and despotic oppress-
ors. Do this, and we will aid and support you in it.
We will truthfully and honorably unite with you in
the protection of Cuba against all tho rest of the
world. Wo do not want Cuba, cither as a State in
onrUnion or as a dominion. We want to see that
fjreat island only tranquil, free, prosperous, and
happy; and on these terms wo have no objection that
itshould continue forever Spanish, asCanada is Brit-
ish. Our commerce with it jj  large and important,
(ii-cat numbers of our citizens are, and great num-
bers of them must always be, resident within it. lis
geographical relations to us give us also a legitimate
right thus to speak, and to expoot this language to
bo heard with respect. If you refuse this advice,
reasonable and sound and friendly as it is, we shall
hold ourselves justified in intervention, and in help-
ing the Cubans into sueli a state of independence as
shall leave them free to choose between absolute sep-
aration from you, and that colonial autonomy, on
the Canadian model, which is now in your power to
secure, together with a large sum of money, which
they will undoubtedly bo willing to pay tor that boon
accorded by yon. If you refuse this the opportunity
now existing will soon have passed away, never to
return; and tho common sense of the -world will
ngbtb'judge our conduct, and recognize that the
Jaultol tfleconsequenees will hare been yours alone."
For these reasons, and with these views, I
hope that the resolutions reported by the major-
ity of the Committee on Foreign Affairs may
be adopted. There is a violation of 110 prin-
ciple, there is the hazard of no danger in our
intercourse with foreign nations; it is phys-
ically and morally impossible that any calamity
can befall our country in tho assertion of a just
principle, a proper and true and patriotic and
just doctrine; a doctrine which brought tWs
people into existence as a Republic; a doctrine
which has been maintained in all our policy
from the beginning to the end; n doctrine by
which we can alone subsist, that of the right
of self-government, that of the right of every
people to make and enjoy their own free insti-
tutions. And, sir, to endeavor to suppress
this noble sentiment of the American people,
'which ought to bo expressed in Congress to-
day, is something to which I hope this House
will never give its consent.
Mr. WILLART) addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. JUDD obtained the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me, that I may ask consent to offer an
amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I have promised to yield thirty
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] and the remaining thirty min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois, TMr.
Logan.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to allow me to ask the con-
sent of the House to offer an amendment to
the pending substitute. By common consent
yesterday this question went over, with an entry
upon the Journal that debate should continue
through this day's session, although the main
question had been ordered. I assented to this,
feeling sure that I could offer an amendment.
I desire to offer an amendment to the pending
substitute, to strike out all after the enacting
clause and to insert in lieu thereof what 1 shall
send to the desk to be read.
Mr. BANKS. I will hear the gentleman's
amendment at another time, but not now.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered.
Mr. COX. I hope that will not be done.
I do not wish that these resolutions should
hp csr* i 1 of Afl
Mr. FAENSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. I inquire of the Chair, has the main
question been ordered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
reading of the record in the Journal of yester-
day upon this question.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Ordered, That the further consideration of the
said joint resolution, and the amendments submitted
thereto, be postponed until to-morrow after the bill
of the Senate (S. No. 378) shall have been disposed of,
and that the remainder of the day i-hall bo set apart
fur its consideration, and the vote taken as though
tho main question bad been ordered."
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers this
tantamount to ordering the main question, with
tho obligation that a vote shall be taken to-day.
Mr. BANKS. I may state that the arrange-
ment which is embodied iu tho entry which has
been read from the Journal was made with the
consent of the minority of the committee and !
of the whole House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the vote by
which the main question was ordered be recon-
sidered.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Ohio
has not the floor for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
not, Mr. Speaker, trespass upon the patience
of the House at this late hour of the debate,
although up to this moment, under the rules of
the House, no member of the House not being
a member of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions has had a right to the floor—and I now
hold it through the indulgence of my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Judd]—did I not'view this
Cuban question from a somewhat different
stand-point from which it has been presented
by other gentlemen during this debate, both as
regards its relations to the administration of
public affairs and in its personal aspects.
I have ever been a friend and am now a
friend of the independence of Cuba, and in
favor of the annexation of Cuba to this coun-
try. In 18-50 I was a member of the order of
the " Lone Star." I sympathized with Lopez;
and Crittenden, and was a warm personal
friend of General Quitman, the leading friend
of Cuba of that day. I have never since ceased
to desire that Cuba and the West India Islands
should become a part of this Republic. The
studies of this question in that day taught mo
the importance of the islands between the two
continents to this country. I believe for one
that no country can be great and without trop-
ical possessions. What would England be to-
day without her possessions in the East, from
which she draws her wealth ? All that there is
left of Spain is Cuba and Porto Bico to give
her power and wealth. All that is left of Por-
tugal—but there is nothing left of power iu
Portugal since she lost Brazil. All that is left
of the once powerful Netherlands, that dic-
tated maritime law to the world,are the Malaccas
and Sumatra. Therefore, I desire to see every-
where our arms or laws, our liberties, civiliza-
tion, and our power extended. And I hope
that within my day I shall see the stars and
stripes floating as evidences of our control and
beneficent power at the Isthmus of Darien;
while the traveler at the north pole shall mis-
take the radiance of its red and white for the
glow of the Aurora. And I have no doubt of
living, if to the allotted age of man, long enough
to see this prophetic hope fulfilled.
And were I to-day to speak according to my
sympathies and according to my wishes ;, and
were 1 to speak from my heart, and not from
my judgment; were I to speak as an individual
without the responsibilities which I owe to
society, and the part I am obliged to take in
public affairs, I would say, let us have Cuba at
any expense of blood and treasure. As I have
before said to this House, let us have San
Domingo and the other islands of the Antilles
when we can get them.
But I now rise, therefore, to speak only
because I believe the course taken in carrying
on this war in Cuba, if war it can be called, has
retarded and is this day retarding the independ-
ence of Cubaand the consequent and subsequent
annexation of thatisland to this country. When
the rebellion in Cuba broke out, as an accom-
paniment of the rebellion against the Spanish
monarchy, I looked forward with confident belief
that from that hour the independence of Cuba
was achieved. I believed that her people would
rush to arms; I was certain in my own mind
that there would be enough of brave and gal-
lant men on her soil to break the power of
Spain, as indeed there were if they had moved
to separate from Spain; but they did not, but
preferred to revolutionize with the mother
country. I sympathized with the movement in
the direction of their freedom ; I watched every
fluctuation of affairs there with the intensest
interest as the news thereof were brought to us.
I know that not only was that my own state
of mind at that time, but it was the state of
mind of all the highest officials of this Gov-
ernment, who have been here maligned and
abused as in complicity with the agents of
Spain. Specially do I know, from certain
personal knowledge, that that was the state of
mind and feeling, as an individual citizen, of
the able gentleman, the Secretary of State,
who now, as it appears from the charges made
here, although he has passed through a long
life of usefulness and high honor, although he
has been Governor of the Empire State by
