1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2595
question is now inevitable. If there is to be a
change wrought in the policy of the country on
the subject of tariffs, or if the principle of legis-
lating simply for revenue is to be substituted
for the present monstrous system of legislation
to build up and foster classes and sections, it
must be after an appeal shall have been made
to the people and their judgment thereon shall
be heard. From the demonstrations made on
previous votes here, it seems to me that the
result is inevitable, and therefore I am anxious
to get through with the bill just as soon as
possible.
In the allusion which I made to my friend
from California [Mr. AxteliJ the other day,
any idea of reflecting upon his course or doing
injustice to him was as far from my mind as
anything possibly could be. The remarks that
I made were in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who seemed to
be elated with the idea that there was division
in the West upon this subject, and claimed that
the masses of the people, the farmers of the
country, were with the protectionists or high-
tariff men. In reply to him, without thinking
of doing any injustice to my friend from Cali-
fornia, I stated—and I did not look over or
correct the reporters' notes—that the gentle-
man from Massachusettswas mistaken in regard
to the sentiment of the people, and especially of
the West, and that while my friend from Cali-
fornia represented his own views accurately and
honestly, I believed that he did not represent
the people of the West or of the Pacific slope.
And to show that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was in errorl sent to the Clerk's desk
and had read an extract from a leading Cali-
fornia paper. I did not refer especially to the
gentleman's immediate constituency. 1 in-
tended no reflection on him or them.
But I will here repeat that it is my convic-
tion that neither the people of California nor
of any portion of the West are in favor of this
high protective policy by which the masses of
the people, the laborers, and producers are
being robbed for the benefit of the protected
classes. It is impossible that they can favor
it when properly informed as to its operation.
In saying this I intend no reflection on the
motives of any gentleman who differs from me
in regard to the purposes and operation of this
policy.
Now, while I am up, I wish to reply for a
momentor two to the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] When he
was on the floor awhile ago he did not deal
fairly or honestly with the course of the Dem-
ocratic members or with his own course or that
of his friends on the tariff on tea and coffee.
Most of the gentlemen on the Democratic side
of the House were opposed to those duties en-
tirely. For myself, I supported the Committee
of Ways and Means in the tariff upon tea. I
was willing and would have preferred to see the
duty on coffee reduced below the rate fixed by
the Committee of Ways and Means, as I be-
lieved that a reduction of the duty and cheap-
ening of the article would increase the con-
sumption, and thus not reduce the revenue.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania him-
self sustained the action of the Committee of
Ways and Means, which was a reduction of 20
per" cent, on both tea and coffee, and there
was not a gentleman on the Democratic side
of the House or on any side of the House who
opposed that reduction. The gentleman him-
self sustained the action of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and it is not candid for him
to attempt to intimate before the House and
the country that gentlemen on the Democratic
side of the House were in favor of higher duties
on tea and coffee, and that the Republican side
were in favor of striking them off. It is not
true. The Republican side of the House has
the power at this moment to take off the duty
entirely and place these articles on the free
list. They are responsible for this legislation.
If the gentleman from Pennsylvania thinks it
is right to take the duties off.tea and coffee,
let him propose it; he has the power to do so.
And I will say here for myself that if I were
satisfied that there was to be no relief in other
directions, as we need a reduction of revenue,
I would favor the taking off entirely the duties
on tea and coffee and many other articles, and
will vote for it now, because we are taking
from the people by our existing taxes $100,-
000,000 more than we ought to, and more than
is needed for the legitimate purposes of Gov-
ernment.
_ I merely wish, Mr. Chairman, to add, in jus-
tice to myself and those who usually act with
me here, that the course of the gentleman was
not candid, fair, or honest in regard to either
his own course or the course of members on
this side of the House. If we cannot support
the action of the committee on anything with-
out subjecting ourselves to misrepresentation
it is time that we should know it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question being then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Schenck, it was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. At the instance of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wash-
burn,] I move to further amend this paragraph
by inserting before the word " wool" the words
"cotton, linen so that it will then read :
On webbing, bindings, braids, galloons, fringes,
gimps, and head-nets, manufactured or made wholly
or in part of cotton, linen, wool, worsted, or hair of
goats or other animals, silk not being a component
material thereof of chief value, 50 cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, 35 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
On cords, tassels, buttons, and ornamentsfor dresses
and outside garments, manufactured or made wholly
or in part of wool, worsted, or goat's hair, and not
otherwise provided for, 60 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
paragraph just read "by striking out the word
'•goat's," and inserting after the word " hair"
the words " of goats or other animals, silk not
being a component material thereof of chief
value;" also, by inserting the word "herein"
before the words "otherwise provided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
On all manufactured articles composed wholly or
in part of wool, worsted, or hair of goats or other
animals, and not otherwise provided ior, 50 cents per
pound, and in addition thereto 35 percent, ad valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend this
paragraph by inserting after the words "or
other animals" the words "silk not being a
component material thereof of chief value;"
also, by inserting the word "herein'' before the
words "otherwise provided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend in the two hundred and fifteenth line by
striking out the words "or other animals." I
do not wish to occupy time of the committee,
which is valuable, in useless discussion, and
therefore 1 have thus far in the consideration
of this bill refrained from the expression of the
views I hold, contenting myself by occupying
my place constantly on the floor of the House
and giving my countenance and vote at all
times and on all questions that have arisen
here in the interest of a reduction of duties as
imposed by the present outrageous system of
taxation upon the laboring masses under or by
a tariff or tax upon imports. For the last four
months we have heard almost daily upon this
floor impassioned appeals from the coal and
iron interests of Pennsylvania and the general
manufacturing interests of New England in
behalf of labor as against capital, and particu-
larly in behalf of the laboring man of the West
and South, and as against the Representatives
of these sections of our country upon this floor.
W e are learning daily from these sages of Penn-
sylvania and New England that their sympa-
thies are not enlisted so much in behalf of their
own sections, abused and downtrodden as then-
people are for. want of proper protection to
their interests, but they go out large and free,
daily and hourly, honestly and faithfully, in be-
lialt of the poor laboring men of the Westand
South who do not understand their own inter-
ests by reason of their ignorance, and where
Representatives upon this floor are also blind
to their best interests, and it therefore becomes
their duty to step in to teach them duty and
direct them In the march of progress.
Mr. Chairman, I have for years wondered
that the people of the West should be so long
controlled by the siren cry of New England
for protection of American industries ; that it
should be reverberated so distinctly over the
hills, the plains, the mountains, aud valleys of
the Westand South, and that such heed should
have been given to it as heretofore has been
true. But while here under the Dome of our.
Capitol and in the Halls of legislation L find
that every avenue of approach is crowded
with lobbyists in the interest of protection,
and that every mail comes crowded with
their written appeals; that in every available
method, by use of time and labor and cap-
ital, their cause is advanced, and at the same
time outside of these Halls we hear no voice
in the interests of the laboring millions of the
West, no lobbyists here to urge their claims,
no organization to further their interests, I can-
not be longer astonished. Less than three mil-
lions of our population are to day engaged in
manufactures of all kinds, while thirty-seven
millions or more are engaged in the various
other industries, and yet we find upon the floor
of Congress and in the lobbies and corridors
of the Capitol a hundred men laboring in the
interests of manufactures where one voice is
heard in the interest of toiling millions en-
gaged in all other industries.
During the war, Mr. Chairman, and ever
since until now, the cry that has kept together
the discordant elements banded in opposition
to the Democratic party has been loyalty on
the one hand, and treason, traitor, and copper-
head on the other. The argument usually
advanced against any measure proposed by a
Democrat was the cry treason, traitor, or cop-
perhead. The merits of the question were lost
in these empty phrases. It matters not what
was the true position of the Democratic party
during the war or since—and I am not here to
defend its record; I am willing to leave that to
the impartial historian who will record the
facts when the prejudices and passions of the
present hour have passed away, and justice
again rules in the hearts of men. But I cannot
refrain from saying at this lime a simple word
in behalf of that glorious old party, whose
record fills so large a space in our country's
history. In 1860 our country went through the
bitterest political struggle ever known to our
people. It was asserted everywhere through-
out the country by the Democratic leaders, of
whom the leaders of the Republican party of
to-day, in the West at least, werechief, that the
election of Abraham Lincoln would result in
war and the destruction of our system of gov-
ernment. This proposition was denied by Mr.
Lincoln's friends, and by them the idea of war
was treated with derision. And will any man
now say that the Democrats in that canvass
did not tell the people what in good faith they
believed? If they do they simply convict the
leaders of the Republican party of to-day of
insincerity at that time.
And yet, Mr. Chairman, after Mr. Lincoln
was elected and qualified, and the very state
of affairs came about as prophesied by Dem-
ocratic leaders, and when power was in the
hands of those who Democrats prophesied if
placed in power would bring about this result,
we find when the contest came, when the ques-
tion was for or against the country, that ninety-
nine out of every hundred Democrats were
true to tho country and her cause. While the
Republican masses had but to follow their
party and party leaders still in the war as they
! had in the political contest just passed through,
!j and while hundreds and thousands, yea, and
