3540
4MB COMRESsiOftAL GT,OBft
see our Navy assimilated in Organization, char-
acter, and rank to those of the other great
nations of the earth, whose experience has
dictated the present condition in which we find
them. I desire to see its organization, so far
as it can be, similar ahd analogous to that of
the Army of the United States, where dissen-
sions are almost unknown, and where the ortly
difficulty which Seems to arise is, what shall
we do toTednee the number of its officers? In
the matter of high rank in the line of the NAvy
we have made great advances during and since
the wah We have created the additional ranks
ot Admiral, Vice Admiral, Rear Admiral,
commodore, and lieutenant commander. We
have almost exhausted at titties the riuitibers
in the lower grades in bHer that we might
jiiiV'ec them in th'e higher, with additional rank
and increased pay. This advancement, with
the large increase of numbers, has also largely
increased the expense in the pay iYj the Navy.
I think it is about time that we should begin
to limit the promotions to these higher grades.
I have rid doubt that if this matter were made
a study by members of Congress they would
come to a like conclusion. I am quite sure,
sir, that if there were fifty then on this floor
as well acquainted with the details of the Navy
as they are with the details of the Army, there
would be as much demand for A reorganiza-
tion and reduction in that branch of the ser-
vice, both here and thronghont the country,
as there is for a revision in the At-tfiv. But
the misfortune both to the Navy and tile coun-
try seems to be that to everybody outside of
its organization, or to those Wh6 enjoy its
jVAtrdnage", it is a close corporation, a sealed
book, into whose recesses we seldom look? and
which we leave to be handled and controlled
by professional rueii who easily reach the ear
of the Department, and who transmit their
/viSWs through that mediiim to the committees
of the House and Senate, There have been
•florae of the most remarkable instances of this
in the shape of bills which hive he'en intro-
duced here at the request of the Department
since I Irate been a member of the House. I
say in ali serionsuess, and with a desire to call
the attention of the Ho'tise to this matter, that
it is a subject which demands their eal-nest and
prompt investigation. It fs A matter with tfhich
they should make themselves acquainted, and
thoy can thisn judge whether the unpopularity
of the Navy, (k'"wftieh'fny frftend from Maine
justly complains, and which I freely admit, is
well founded1, or whether it rests only upon
the groGnd that We kndw hothing about its
inner workings'.
Mr. Chairman,' our great strtiggie is to get
back in all dejpkrtnietUs from the extravagance
of a period ot war to the economy and frugality
of peace, it requires the Sdrtst&nt effort of aft
thosfe who represent in a public capacity the
welfare ahd the interests of the people. It
seems at times as though the effort was des-
tined in some respdete to extend over an in-
definite period of time before We reach a suc-
cessful termination. While I ahi at times
discouraged, I do not despair. Even when I
find sucb estimates as are demanded on the
part of the Navy I certainly shall tipt regard
the case as hopeless if we ean sustain substan-
tially the recommendations whieh thecommit-
tee have favored the House with in the pro-
duction of this bill. While unquestionably it
requires some changes in particular instances,
it will in the main receive my cordial support.
X hail it, as I have Other faeasures emanating
from that committee, as an earnest that the
voice of the people has been h6ard and will be
obeyed, and that Congress is to make it a spe-
cial duty, aB the representatives of a bonfiding
yet patriotic and long-suffering people, to see
that in our pttblic expenditures the principle
ef retrenchment is fully vindicated by the
adoption of practical measures to secure that
great result.
Daring the remarks Of Mr. SteVens,
Mr. DAWES said: I would like to have my
Mayl'7,
frifehd from New Hampshire ^Mr. Sievens]
yi'eld to for a fe^ minutes.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I would inquire of the
Chair how much tim'e I have remaining?
The CHAIRMAN. Xbout tyventy -one min-
utes.
Mr. STEVENS. I have considerable more
to say upon this subject.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; T will not press
my request upw.
Mr. COX. I wiliask leave to have my remarks
printed in the Globe, as part of the discussion
! . ?°"day uponlhis bill. If that can be done, I
will then yield my time to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mi-. DawesJ and to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. DAWES. I am very mueh obliged to
the gentleman.
. No objection was "made, tod leaVe was ac-
cordingly granted. [The remarks of Mr. Cox
j will be found in the Appendix. ]
[ message erosi tiie president.
! The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union rose informally, when a message
from the President, by Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his secretaries, announced that the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of
Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln, and for
the withholding of moneys from tribes of In-
dians holding American captives, was received
; by the President on the 4th instant, and not
;1 having been returned to the House within ten
days (Supdays excepted) after presentation, !
had become a layv, pursuaut to the Constitution
of the United States.
Navai, appropriation
Th'e Committee ot the \V.hole on the state
I of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. SARGENT. I take part in this debate
because I believe injustice has been done to
j the NavyDepartment as at present adminis-
1 tered ; because ctudfe theories are being ptessed
| forward to take the place of well-tested prin-
J ciples ; and because jierhapSaWell-meaUtecon-
j omy is being pushed so far as to threaten to
. cripple a necessary arih of the national defense.
! I think I sh6uld not be silent when a policy
! is recommended Ihat would dismantl'e Ml our '
hfivy yards, yvhen iiiy own State contains one
of the principal navy-yards of the country, the
efficiency of which is essential to the prote'c- '
tion of the Pacific sea-eoast and of ourgrow-
ing Asiatic commerce. I hiay be Excused in
passing for 'alluding to "the great advantage in
building ujV, the M^te'Island navy-yard, so
handsomely referrW to by the gentleman [Mr.
Stevens] who Has just, spoken. It should be
completed as soon as possible, and be provided
with all the appljarices for repairs of steam
machirief-y, and for the rapid building and
repair of ships during w£r, Vhich futilities it
has not at present, because a large amount of
money would be saved by sending all the ships
in the Pacific and in the China.seas to lay up
there arid repair. _ Itwotild save the long And :
perilous voyage around Cape Horn, and through
the tropics and on to the stormy eastern coast
in mid wi'nter. it would save the China fleet ,
the long toyhge around the Cape of Good
Hope, or the rnorfe expensive one through the
Suez canal, which in the former case could :
not be made in less than one hundred days,
while it could be made from Shanghai to Cal-
ifornia in twenty-five days. These are great ■■
advantages in point of time, to say nothing of
the saving in yvear and tear of ships and ;
machinery, and in coal and other material. I
We have great possessions on the North i
Pacific coast, extending from latitude thirty- |
three_degrees to latitude siity degrees north. ,
Within this Limit are cobtai'ued the best land^
for ship-building timber. British Columbia dnd .
Vancouver's Island will one day be a part of '
Our Union, and will bring their proportion of j
wealth in the shape of ship-timber, minerals, I
a/id all that goes to make a powerful navy, jj
The gre&t trade of China will flow haturafly ;j
over our pacific railroad, and the wealth of the'
Indies will seek our shores. The electric tele-
grajph that will soon be laid from California to
China will give us the means of instant com-
munication with those distant lands, the pos-
session of whose trade has heretofore enriched
the nation acquiring it. There will be lines of
steamships running from California to China,
as there are now from New York to Europe.
The whole country will be interested in pro-
i tecting those interests ; and hence the establish-
j| ment of the great and only navy-yard of the
J Pacific is a matter of national concern. Our
jj naval squadrons on the Pacific have an extent
; of sixty-six hundred miles in which to keep
watch over and protect the interests of ourciti-
, zens ; and it must be apparent to common sense
i that the navy-yard for the repair and equip-
ment of the vessels on that station and in the
'■ China seas should be in proportion to the
, wants of the Navy there. Economy is one
, thing, but a reckless disregard of the recom-
1 mendations of the Secretary atld of the experts
who know what is requisite is another. Forty
million people of the United States may
think they are doing a large business in keep-
ing up six navy-yards, (for that is all yve have
in operation,) but the Spanish navy-yard at
Ferroi would take them all in, and they would
hardly be seen. Our expenses are a mere
bagatelle compared yvith those of the smallest
naval Power of Europe.
If I understand my colleague on the com-
j; mittee, [Mr. Washburn,] he is opposed to
| repairing our yvooden ships because they are
, not iron, and he would let the ships on the
stocks rot there for the same reason. We have
: no iron ships, except the iron-clads, and we
have neither the materials, the tools, nor the
experience to build them. What then ? Shall
we dispense with a Navy ? Shall we discard
all means of protection for our interests abroad
and reduce ourselves to such a condition that
the most insignificant foreign Power can insult
us with impunity ? f Such is the result that we
i reach it yve do not attend to the necessary
: annual repairs of our fleets. The rapid dete-
i rioratioh of ships of all kinds, of iron vessels
i not Jess than those of wood, is incapable of
I denial. The .neglect of repair of our vessels
I for three years, or a l^ss period, yvould put
them in the condition of floating coffin3. At
the end of that time there yvould not be one of
them that would be fit to cross the Atlantic.
While our people are commcrcia! in their habits,
and have business interests yvith the rest of the
world, the- Government must be prepared to
protect them yvherever merchant ships may
carry the flag. We arc even now devising
some means yvliereby our merchant marine
may be.enlarged ; but our success in that direc-
tion will only make it more necessary that our
naval vessels shall visit foreign stations to see
that our national rights are respected.
The idea of my colleague of the Committee
on Appropriations, that wc should foster our
merchant steam marine, so that in time of
war they may funiish us swift cruisers, is good
so far as it goes j but certainly we must have
something approximating a respectable peace
establishment also ; and that yve can have at
present only by keeping in repair our present
Navy, or building a new one. if lie is in favor
of building iron war ships, yvheredoes his idea
find expression in the bill that he has reported,
and where his yvishes had supreme weight?
There is 110 appropriation suggested even for
the commencement of such an experiment.
But 1 am not ready to exclude wooden ships
from the Nav_y v/heii I remember that the ves-
sels that passed, the forts beloyv New Orleans,
just before that city yvas taken, yvere of wood,
and yvhen I know that eminent naval authority,
both here and in England, holds that wooden
.ships will always be an important arm of naval
Sferta'ce. ahd that a large, part of the present
navies of the World are of yvood.
But, sir, the Navy Department had nothing
save these yvooden ships and a few monitors
