2596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April-11,
hundreds of thousands, in supporting the war
and the Administration regarded it simply as
supporting their party and party success; and
while with them honors, emoluments, and
riches were the rewards of loyalty, the Dem-
ocratic masses of the country had io lay upon
their country's altar not only their lives, their
fortunes) and their sacred honor, but all their
prejudices and education as well, to them
were presented no fat contracts, no high-sound-
ing titles; their glory and their honor had to
be won iu the ranks as the private soldier;
their reward only a conscientious discharge of
duty. And I can say here without fear of suc-
cessful contradiction that go where you will
in the non-seceding States, and where Democ-
racy was strongest in 1800, none more freely
came forward to risk their lives in defense of
their country.
I have been led, Mr. Chairman, to make
these remarks in order to show how our peo-
ple of the West have been for the last few years
induced to follow blindly the cry of New Eng-
land and Pennsylvania for protection of Amer-
ican industries ; that cry of protection being
ever better prefaced by the impassioned appeal
that the free-trade men of the West were trai-
tois laboring against America and American
interests; but, Mr. Chairman, I trust that time
has pushed and forever, that prejudice and pas-
sion will not longer lead men to disregard their
besi. interests. 1 am proud to know that Dem-
ocrats from the West who periled their lives
in their country's cause, and Democrats who
nobly sustained true principles at home, can
to clay unite with Republican soldiers and states-
men m opposition to this most iniquitous tariff
•sistein, and 111 favor of reduction of imposts;
nml I .iin further gratified to see that so many
men of the West on tins lloor, caring not which
p.iny succeeds, aie willing to come forward in
behalf of the great agricultural interests of the
West and South, ami in total disregard of party
ties, and together labor in tlio interest of honest
toil aa against capital and protection.
But 1 have wandered from the question at
inMie- My motion is to strike out in line two
bundled and lifteen the words "or other ani-
mals ' and 1 do so foe the reason that I learn
that, in England a cloth in imitation of Astra-
khan skin or fur is manufactured of the hair
of cattle, which, colored as it is, bears a close
resemblance to the genuine Astrakhan ; and
while the Astrakhan is costly and can only be
worn by the wealthy and great, this imitation
is warm and comfortable, wears well, and looks
■well at all times, and has the advantage of
being a very cheap and comfortable wear.
Asiiakhan cloth is made, as 1 have said, of
the hair of cattle, aud can be manufactured in
England at (IU cents per yard, or square .yard,
and will compare iavorablv, so far as wear and
ap pearanee is concerned, with thegenuine Astra-
khan valued at large sums per square yard.
Now, as 1 understand this provision of the
bill uuder discussion, it is intended that this
cheap cloth that will only be used by the
laboring classes, this cloth costing but 00
cents per square yard in the country of its
manufacture, shall be taxed so heavily as to
prevent its import into this country, in order
to build up manufactures of that class of goods
here. The hair of cattle being cheap in Eng-
land, the manufacture of the fabric can be
made profitable at GO cents per square yard.
Now we propose to tax it 50 cents per pound
of the cloth, which weighs two pounds to the
square yard, making here, in addition to the
price per square yard, $1. But the committee
having charge of this bill are not willing to
stop here, but they add in addition 35 per cent.
ad valorem; so that the poor woman of this
country who is not able to buy a real Astra-
khan cloak, but desires to buy the imitation
cloth that looks as well and is nearly as good,
must pay lirst the original English value, CO
cents per yard ; and say it takes tor a cloak
three yards, which makes $1 80 aa the ori-
ginal cost of a woman's cloak. But under this
bill, in addition to this original cost, 60 cents
a pound is placed as a tax, making $1 a yard
to be added to the cost; and not content with
this, they add 35 per cent, ad valorem, adding
about 25 cents to the goods per yard, showing
the cost of the goods in England without tariff
00 cents per square yard; making $1 80 as a
price of a woman's cloak in this country.
But under this bill not ouly does she have to
pay the said cost of $1 80 for the cloak, but
must pay 50 cents per pound; adding to the
price of a cloak $3 duty and adding the 35
per cent, ad valorem makes 25 cents per yard
more, making the price under the tariff tor a
cloak $5 55, of which $3 75 is a tax, and the
balance, only $1 80, is the real price of the
cloak. 1 hope the amendment will be adopted,
Mr. KELLEY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Soiienck]
suggested a few minutes ago that I sometimes
wandered off into general debate. I beg leave
to say to him and to this committee that I
always have to do so when I undertake to
chase up gentlemen on the other side. I have
not moved an amendment, and 1 have not
made an original speech on this hill." I have
only replied here, or endeavored to do so, to
what has been said in debate. If the course
of the debate is such as to lead me over the
fence, I cannot help it. I "go for the head"
wherever I see it,.
I desire now to say to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshaix] that i was not in mv
seat when he alluded to mc. I came in just
as the gentleman was concluding his remarks,
and only heard him say, "The course of the
gentleman was not candid, fair, or honest."
1 inquired of a friend who had been here to
whom those words applied, and was told that
they applied to myself. Sir, I did remark that
the Democratic party had tried to sustain the
duty on tea and coffee. 'There is no record of
the votes given in Committee of the Whole;
but when we get through this bill 1 intend to
collect the speeches of gentlemen on the other
side—the speech of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] the speech of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox,] the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] and 
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the gentleman will
include in his little book his vole against my
resolution instructing the Committee of Ways
and Means to put salt, tea, sugar, and coffee
on the free list.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to say that they
spoke for themselves and not for me,
Mr. KELLEY. I was going to say that I
knew iny colleague [Mr. Ranoaij,] was with
me on this question. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] reproached the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. stkvj5xsox] by intimat-
ing that he was so stupid that he did not, know
if he reduced the duties on tea and coffee he
would have to put the duty on something else.
1 will leave it to the country to say whether
my course has been candid, fair, and honest,
or whether I am a badly traduced man in being
referred to in this manner.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken npon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Ciusu.s, to strike out the
words "or other animals;" aud it was not
agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to strike out
the last word, merely for the purpose of reply-
ing to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Khiaey,] so that this matter may be settled.
I repeat that the gentleman cannot and will
not state on this floor that he has tried, either
in the Committee of Ways and Means or else-
where, to have the duty on coffee or tea reduced
below the rates proposed in this bill.
Mr. KELLEY. I have never intimated that
I did.
Mr. MARSHALL. Why, then, does the
gentleman criticise and attempt to place in a
false position those on the Democratic side of
this House who have with him sustained the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means?
I favored the action of the oommittee on tea;
on coffee I was willing and preferred to see the
duty reduced below what was prop&sed, But
hot ft. member on the Democratic side was in
favor of fisting the duty higher than that sus-
tained'by the gentleman from Pennsylvania—
not one; and when-the gentleman undertakes
to create iu this House ou in the country art
impression that the members of the Democratic
party in this House are in favOr of high duties
upon tea and coffee, while he and other mem-
bers on the Republican side have favored a re-
duction, he is neither fair, honest, nor candid
in his assumption, and the gentleman' roust
know it.
Mr. KELLEY. Well, the country will judge
between us.
Mr. MARSHALL. I repeat that when the
gentleman attempts to put himself and his
party before the country as'Iiavifig favored a
greater reduction-of taxes on tea and_ coffee,
and tlieDemocratic party as such aa in favor
of keeping them up, he is taking a position in
which the facts will not sustain him.
■ Mr, KELLEY. 1 will ask the .gentleman
whether from the first I have>not favored a
reduction of the duties" on tea and-coffee 20 per
cent. ? - i • ■
• Mi". MARSHALL. They are so' rednced in
the bill, and not, a man ,on this side of the
House or oh any side of the Hdnse has opposed
the reduction.
Mr. KELLEY. Several speeches were made
on the gentleman's side of the House against
the reduction.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. KELLEY'. The Globe will settle the
question but,ween ns.
Mr. COX. We all voted for the reduction
of 20 per cent.
Mr. MARSHALL, Nobody in this House,
either on the Democratic or the Republican
side, has been in favor of fixing the duty higher
than it is fixed in the bill; not a single motion
was made to increase the duty and it is not, fair,
candid, or manly for the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to attempt to create an impression to
the contrary.
Mr.KELLEY. " What is writ is writand
the Globe will settle the question between us.
Mr. RANDALL. Will my colleague [Mr.
Kellby] vote with me to fix the tax on tea and
coffee below the rate named in the bill ?
Mr. KELLEY. 1 shall sustain the bill of
the committee all the way through.
Mr. MARSHALL. I.do not propose to say
anything further on this subject. I only desire
that the facts in reference to this question shall
be fairly and honestly understood. On the
question of tea I was willing to sustain the
action of the committee. It proposed a re-
duction of 20 per cent, on the existing duty.
On coffee 1 was willing that there should be a
greater reduction on the principle of revenue,
because 1 believed that the reduction of the duty
would cheapen the article and increase the
consumption, and for the further reason that
the country can bear a large reduction of rev-
enue. I am free to admit, and I have hereto-
fore stated, that I do not regard this duty as
obnoxious or injurious or objectionable in prin-
ciple as many others that are now imposed by
our most iniquitous tariff.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not wish to in-
terfere in this very beautiful disagreement;
but I want to say that I am glad to see gentle-
men reproaching each other because they did
not go with me in favor of putting these arti-
cles on the free list.
Mr. MORGAN. But the gentleman voted
against my resolution to put tea, coffee, and
sugar on the free list.
Mr. SCHENCIL I rise to a point of order.
I do not see that tea and coffee have any con-
nection with the "hair of goats and other ani-
mals." [Laughter.] . •
Mr. MARSHALL. Nor do I see any con-
nection. I.was drawn into- this debate by the
