4484
THE COJNTGliESSIOjNFAL GLOBE.
June 15,
the election of the people, although he has
represented that State with great credit in the
Senate of the United States, although in pri-
vate fortune in condition so that he is far
above any necessity or desire to add to his
means—such man being Secretary of State, has
not escaped the wholesale calumny dealt in.
And we have been told here gravely on this
floor that the secret of the action of that high
officer, as the premier of this country, is a
desire to give a paltry fee to his son-in-law.
I was more astonished and more shocked
than I can well describe when in the heat of
debate my very good friend, the gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Pitch,] said that such a
story had gone abroad far and wide and had
never been contradicted. Why, sir, I hold in
my hand a New York newspaper, the contents
of which should certainly be known to our
Cuban friends, for that is their headquarters,
dated January 12, 1870, from which, with your
leave, Mr. Speaker, I will read a sentence or
two. The first that I shall read is an extract
from a letter written by Mr. Sidney Webster,
who has the honor to be son-in-law of the dis-
tinguished Secretary, a gentleman with whom
I have been acquainted for many years.
Although there are some things oti which we
have agreed to disagree, yet never upon any-
thing which constitutes a gentleman and a man
of honor. He writes, in a letter dated the 5th
of January, 1870, and addressed to the Span-
ish minister, Mr. Roberts, among other things
which are entirely conclusive against this slan-
der, as follows:
" You are personally aware that for all scrvicos of
my copartner and myself, up to December last, full
payment was made, and tbatthewhole amount paid
to mc forservicesinthosuccessiveyearsofl8G7,18G3,
and 18G9, has boon but S8,870 in currently, and tins
as compensation for labor in the courts, or connected
with judicial proceedings of such quantity and char-
acter as to justify mo in saying that tho fees asked
and paid were reasonable, and within the sum usual ly
paid for such services to members of tho bar in the
city of New York, such as it would be pioper to
charge to private elients having as largo interests at
stake, and as can afford no possible ground of impu-
tation when charged to a foreign Grovernmcnt. You
are also aware that my professional connection with
the Spanish Oovomment began as far back as tho
year 1865, in the affair of the steamship Meteor and
other matters growing out of hostilities between
Spain and Chili, and of course had no possible rela-
tion to present questions or to tho present adminis-
tration of this Government."
To all these allegations Mr. Roberts, tho
Spanish minister, replies in the affirmative, and
that the charges are all untrue. In the same
paper will be found a letter from Edwards
Pierrepont, the district attorney for New Yoik,
declaring that this fee was by far too little for
the professional services rendered. That letter
is as follows:
Office of tub United States Attorney
roil tiie Southern District of jS!ew Yokk,
41 Chambers Street, January 10,1870.
My Dear Sie: Yours of this date is received. I
would say in reply that the professional services of
Mr. Webster rendered to tho Spanish Government
came under my observation. Those services were
arduous, involving great responsibility, industry,
and legal ability: they were performed with tho
greatest fidelity to thoSpanish Government, and with
an efficiency and success which merited the highest
approbation of his cliont. Considering the magni-
tude of the interests which Mr. Webster represented,
and the successful way in which bo managed those
interests, X would think $10,000 a reasonable fee for
the services performed.
Very truly, yours,
EDWARDS PIERREPONT.
F. w. Stoughton, esq.
Thus it appears that four years before Mr.
Fish had any connection with the present
Administration, and three years before Cuba
revolted, Mr. Webster had a retainer from the
Spanish Government, was the attorney, in the
ordinary course of business, of the Spanish
Government, in matters arising out of the
complications of that Government with Chili.
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman will allow me
a single remark. When 1 spoke upon this sub-
ject yesterday I had never seen the contradic-
tion of the statement to which I referred. I
was under the impression that it had never
been contradicted. I have no desire to do any
injustice to the Secretary of State or to his
son-in-law ; and in view of this contradiction
I can do nothing less than retract the intima-
tion which I made upon the floor of the House
yesterday with reference to Mr. Websterhaving
received a large fee from the Spanish Govern-
ment for the peculiar and particular case of
the release of the gun-boats, and to retract also
the intimation that the Secretary of State has
been improperly influenced in his action toward
Cuba by the connection of his son-in-law with
the gun-boat case.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I ain glad t.o hear the gentleman's
retraction. It does honor to his sense of jus-
tice. I knew the truth only needed to be
brought to his attention to secure his proper
action to set the matter right. And, sir, if we
had time to follow one after another these
slanders, to which it has been thought best, in
behalf of Cuba, to subject honorable men who
are opposing tho cause of Cuba in its present
shape—though, as I insist, these slanders are
actually doing it damage—we should find sim-
ilar retractions attending the different steps of
the investigation.
Let me here refer to charges made affecting
the character of another gentleman, a gentle-
man whom 1 have been proud to call my friend
for thirty years; a gentleman who has held the
highest offices short of the Presidency under
the Government; a gentleman who formerly
represented the district which I now represent
ou this floor ; a gentleman who was once the
Attorney General of the United States ; a gen-
tleman not surpassed in either hemisphere in
learning and ability, and the peer of any one
on this floor as a man of honor. We were
told, if I understood the vailed and guarded
charge, that he too, as the paid servant of
Spain, had written the Spanish minister's let-
ters to this Government, and that as paid attor-
ney of the United States at the same time, in
an inconsistent engagement, he had written
the message of the President of the United
Suites. Now, 1 happen to know—and I speak
of what 1 know—that that gentleman never
knew that this message was to come in; his
first knowledge of it was after it had been read
in this House. 1 know this from sources which
cannot be mistaken.
A Member. 'To whom do you refer?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I refer
to the gentleman to whom 1 understood my
colleague [Mr. Baxks] to refer; and if X do
my colleague wrong in my reference, 1 pause
hero that he may set the roatterright. I refer
to Hon. Mr. Gushing, of Massachusetts.
Let'mc say another thing. Not only did ho
not write the President's message for pay, but
I affirm that this same gentleman never received
one dollar as a retainer or as pay for services
from tiie Spanish ministerdirectly or indirectly
upon any occasion, whether as regards Cuba,
or Chili, or Peru, or anything else, since this
revolution broke out. My colleague must have
been misinformed. I am certain that he acted
upon misinformation, lie would not have pur-
sued the course he did as regards this gen-
tleman except upon misinformation. He is
wrong in the general and wrong in detail in
this regard; not willfully, not wittingly, but
mistakenly. Mr. Gushing neither wrote the
message nor knew that it was to be written.
Thank Heaven, we have at present Attorneys
General and Secretaries of State and Presi-
dents who can write their own messages with-
out the aid of any hired attorneys ! 1 repeat,
that Mr. Cushing never knew the message was
to be sent in, and that he never has acted as
counsel in the matter or received one dollar as
a fee, whether in gold or currency, from the
Spanish Government since Cuba has been en-
gaged in thecontest with Spain. This much is
due to personal friendship as well as to public
duty.
Now, sir, it is this course of those who have
undertaken to represent Cuba thit has pre-
vented us from seeing brought about the inde-
pendence of Cuba. If there had been no
insurrection, if this insurrection had not sought
to embroil this country, and thereby make
Spain jealous of an apparent attempt to wrest
from her the fairest jewel of her crown, I have
no doubt that, as the result of the revolution
in Spain, we should have seen Cuba free and
ready to treat with as for annexation, as years
ago was Texas.
But this has been delayed. And how ? It
has been because instead of sending out arms
to Cuba, for Cuban men to fight with, more
Cubans were assembled in New York than
ever were in arms in Cuba in any one body.
And what have they been doing there? Have
they been deprived of sending arms to their
neighbors in Cuba? No. Let me say to you,
what every member of the Cuban junta has
been told officially from this Government,
that if they chose to buy arms and ammuni-
tion and munitions of war, so loug as belli-
gerency was not recognized, they could put
those arms and munitions of war on a vessel
which might sail out from New York, or any
other port, under our flag unquestioned and
unsearched until it reached within a marine
league of the coast of Cuba.
Mr. RANDALL. Is that of record?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What does
the gentleman say ?
Mr. RANDALL. Has our Government ever
said so on the record ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
we said so when we passed the neutrality law.
Mr. RANDALL. No generalities; 1 want
a specific answer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
said so at all times. We say so now. I agree,
if they want to send arms to Cuba, that they
shall have every one they can pay for and as
many as they can use.
Mr. RANDALL. When and where has our
Government said so 1
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Over and
over again, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. Where?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I say
again, in the neutrality law, which probably the
gentleman has never read. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. I want the gentleman to
state distinctly where he finds authority for
what he has just said?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield any further. Let me say again that under
the same law Cuba can send every man she can
getto go in a ship fromBoston or New York to
the island of Cuba unsearched and untouched,
with the full knowledge of and without bin-
derance on the part of our Government, until
she gets within a marine league of Cuba.
Again, sir, the Cubans have exercised both
powers, and can again, because it does not
interfere with the neutrality act. The neutral-
ity act is against' sendiug armed expeditions;
and the difficulty has been with all the expedi-
tious sent out to Cuba by the junta that they
have insisted, for the purpose of embroiling
this nation in a war with Spain, on putting
arms and men in the same vessel, with a single
exception only, and that was in the case of the
privateer Hornet. When they wished to get
her out what did they do?
They kept the arms off of her and sent her
to sea, and although our Government knew
what was being done and knew very well where
the vessel was going, just as they knew where
tho Spanish guu-hoats were going, not being an
armed vessel they did not interfere with her.
She went outside, and took on her guns and
arms and munitions of war, as she claims, and
she might have been now cruising upon the high
seas, the terror of Spain and of ail other peo-
ple, I doubt not, if it had not been that her
captain got frightened at the risk he was run-
ning in the service of an unacknowledged Gov-
ernment, and put in at Wilmington ; and when
she came there as an armed cruiser of an un-
recognized power we had to do with her as
we claimed that England should have done
with the Alabama, after she had escaped from
