5428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
is required of them by the authorities. That it has
occurred that one of those prisoners hsi-shad his arms
and less pinioned in such a manner that he had to
lie on ins knees and eibpws to lap his food like a
dog; and this continued for over a month, without
an hour s relief. That the food served to those pris-
oners is of tho most wretched kind, and totally insuf-
ficient—gruel for breakfast, a species of soup for
supper, made of the worst offal of tho markets, in
which bits of the skins of animals and hair also are
frequently found. That even of this disgusting stufl
there is not enough served to satisfy the cravings of
hunger. That under this treatment some have sunk
prematurely to the grave. Two of the brave Amer-
ican captains who fought under Generals McClellan
and Grant have become insane, and others are so
demented and dejected that their condition is little
better.
Our language fails to convey to your honorable
body an adequate idea of tho condition of those
uufortunate viotims of despotism, who are, for the
most part, men of education and refinement. And
we pray your honorable body to interpose your good
offices speedily in theirxeua.rd by appointing a com-
mission of at least two reliable Amerioan citizens to
visit those prisoners, and inquire into and report to
your honorable body the material circumstances and
facts connected with their arrest, trial, and prison
trea tment, to iound thereon such action as your hon-
orable body may hereafter determine. We address
ourselves to your honorable body, and to the Execu-
tive of the United States, with tho conviction that
sueh action will be taken in this cause of humanity
as befits this nation of progress and civilization.
And your petitioners will ever pray, &e.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
_ Mr. BICE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of Kentucky praying for the organization
of additional Federal courts in that State, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 1053) to establish the
eastern judicial district of Kentucky; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Second Lieutenant Frank P. Gross, praying
for compensation for the loss of certain prop-
erty, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
919) to prevent an appropriation therein men-
tioned from lapsing because of delay in the
adjustment, which is intended to provide for
the claim of the representatives of George
Fisher, to which the attention of the Senate has
heretofore been called, have directed me to
submit a report and recommend the rejection
of the bill.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. MORKILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (II. It.
No. 860) to explain an act approved March 8,
1869, reported it with an amendment.
ALBUM a. SLOO.
Mr. I'TiNTON. As there appears to be no
other moniing biiMiiess, I move 
Thi^VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska gave notice of his intention to
move to take up a bill, but, the Senator From
New York has obtained the floor.
Mr. FENTON. If the Senator from Ne-
braska will give way for one moment, 1 desire
to pass a very short bill, referring a case to the
Couit of Claims, to which I presume there
will be no objection whatever. The Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads have re-
ported the bill, and I hope it will be put upon
its passage. It is Senate bill No. 73, for the
relief of the trustees of Albert G. Sloo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to refer the claim of the trustees of Albert G.
Sloo for compensation for services in carrying
the United States mails by steamers direct
between New York and Chagres,and New Or-
leans and Chagres, in addition to the regular
service required under the contract made be-
tween him and the United States, to the Court
of Claims, and the court is directed to exam-
ine it and determine and adjudge the amount
due to the trustees for those extra services; but
tho amount to be awarded by the court is to
be upon the basis of the value of the carrying
express freight of like quantity with the mails
actually carried between the same ports at the
same time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That had better go over.
I want to look at it.
SALES OF LANDS FOR DIRECT TAXES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
995.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that morn-
ing business is yet in order.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has concluded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood the Chair
to decide a day or two ago, and I think rightly,
that he would lay before the Senate Senate
resolutions that had been laid over. There is
a resolution respecting the reports of commit-
tees of conference that I think ought to be
adopted. It provides, as the Chair may re-
member, unless it has been disposed of in my
absence, that conference reports shall be in
order when they are presented, so as to guard
against the possibility of their being defeated
by an objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no trouble
about conference reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that since the repeal of the rule of the
lOtli of May, the Senate have now three Cal-
endars, the_ Calendar of special orders, the
Calendar of general orders, and the Calender
of resolutions. The morning business expires,
by a rule of the Senate, with which all Sena-
tors are familiar, the twenty-fourth rule, with
the call of resolutions ; and then a motion to
proceed to the consideration of a resolution is
in order, but it does not, come up as a matter
of right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I make that mo-
tion.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois -was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 made a motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
995. It, will take but a moment.
Mr. THAYER. I yielded for a moment to
the Senator fromNewYork, as I understood he
had morning business to present.
The VICfi PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nized the Senator from New York at the close
of the morning business, the Senatorfrom Ne-
braskanotclaimingthe floor, statingatthesame
time that the Senator from Nebraska had given
notice of his desire to call up a bill. That,
however, did not give him any right to the floor.
When the bill of the Senator from New York
was objected to, the Senator from Illinois
claimed the floor, the Senator from Nebraska
still remaining in his seat.
Mr. TIIAYER. I thought it was under-
stood that I had the floor, but yielded to the
Senator from New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose a notice of
that sort gives no right to the floor. j
The VICE PRESIDENT, it was a notice j
pec-nliar in its character, that, being a member J
of the Committee on Enrolled Bills, the Sena- i
tor from Nebraska would be compelled to he j,
absent; but still it did not give him the floor. j|
TheSenatorfrom Illinois is entitled to the floor, h
Jlr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate ij
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. Ij
995. )j
^The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. ji
No. 995) for the relief of purchasers of land i!
sold by direct taxes in the insurrectionary
States, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committeeoftho Whole. It provides
that, no owner, his heirs or assigns, of any land
sold for taxes under the provisions of the act
entitled "An act for the collections of direct
taxes in the insurrectionary districts within the
United States, and for other purposes/' ap-
proved June 7, 1862, and the acts amendatory
thereof, shall be permitted to recover the same
in any action or proceeding against the pur-
chaser at such sale, his heirs or assigns, without
showing, in addition to other necessary facts,
that all taxes, costs, and penalties due upon
the land at the time of the sale have been paid
by him or them, or bringing into court and
depositing with the clerk for. the use of the
United States the amount, with interest, of the
taxes and penalties due to the United States on
account of the land when sold, together with
all the costs and expenses! of the sale, which
sum, in case of the recovery of the land by such
owner, his heirs, or assigns, shall be paid by
theclerkinto the Treasury of the United States.
By the second section it is provided that in
all cases where the owner of any land sold for
taxes, his heirs, or assigns shall recover the
same from the purchaser, his heirs, or assigns,
by the judgment of any United States court, by
reason of a failure without his or their fault,
or neglect of the title of the purchaser derived
from the sale, the Secretary of the Treasury, on
the payment into the Treasury by the clerk of
the money deposited with him, and on being
satisfied that any purchaser, his heirs, or as-
signs has been evicted from, or turned out of
possession of any such land by the judgment
ofany United States court,in the manner before
mentioned, is authorized to repay to the person
or persons entitled thereto a sum of money
equal to that originally paid by the purchaser
of the land so recovered, if the same has been
paid into the Treasury.
Mr. BAYARD. This is a bill apparently to
confirm tax titles, titles which are the least
favored of any by courts of law; and if ever
there was a time when the strict performance
of all the requirements of law should be ex-
acted it applies to lands which were sold in
the southern States during the late war for
unpaid direct taxes.
This bill provides in substance that although
a sale may have been accompanied by the
grossest irregularities, although the proceed-
ings may not have followed the law according
to its requirements, yet the absent owner, who
in nine cases out of ten could not have had
actual notice of the proceedings, shall either
lose his property, for he is described here as
" the owner," or as a condition-precedent for
coming into the courts of justice to recover his
land shall pay costs and penalties which have
not been legally incurred and cannot in justice
be demanded from him.
I should not have a word to say if the bill
required that he should, as a condition-pre-
cedent to the institution of his suit, or rather
to obtaining the judgment of the court in his
favor, deposit a sum equal to all the taxes
justly due upon his property. That I think
would be just and reasonable, but to require
him to deposit all costs and penalties, all of
which may have been incurred by disregard
of law on the part of the tax commissioners,
would strike me as singularly unjust and
inequitable.
There has been a kindred measure to this
proposed attempting to permit that which I
do not think any court of justice would really
ever allow, a tax sale to be validated where
the officers making it had not followed the
requirements of the law, attempting, as I recol-
lect in one case, to substitute-the act and dis-
cretion of two officers for the act and discre-
tion of three. When such a proposition as
that, comes before a court of justice I think
it will meet a ready answer, no matter what
the action of Congress may be. I submit to
the sense of justice of the Senate that you
ought not to tax a man with costs which have
been put upon his land without legal warrant.
I move, therefore, to amend this bill on the
eleventh line of the first section by striking
out the words " costs and penalties,'® and by
striking out in line fifteen the words " and
penalties.''
I cannot believe that between the honorable
Senator from Illinois and myself there will be
any difference of opinion as to the law pro-
vided we agree as to the facts. We will sup-
