1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4485
Liverpool, when she came into Nassau or New
Providence—we retained her. At the solicita-
tion ot the friends of Cuba she lias since been
returned to those who claimed her, upon the
agreement that she shall not further attempt to
violate our neutrality law. "Do not violate
any of our laws, do not undertake to embroil us
with any other nation, and you may do as you
please," lias been the universal language of
this Government to the Cubans.
. Now, one word in reference to the Spanish
gun-boats, of which so much has been said
which is unjust to our Government. I wish to
state to gentlemen here that those Spanish gun-
boats did not carry out to sea from New York
a single gun or a single arm, except perhaps
there may have been one in the pockets of
their officers. They were allowed to go out
unarmed vessels, as the Hornet went out. under
the conditions required by our laws. Their can-
pon were put into another vessel, and shipped
as merchandise, just as we have cleared over
and over again ships for the Cubans filled with
like merchandise. There will be no trouble to
Cuban expeditions if they will only not put their
arms and their men on board the same ship,
so as to make it an armed expedition. There is
not a man of them whodoes not know that they
can ship arms. I take it that the New York Sun
would be a good authority for Cuba, if not good
authority lor anybody else. The Sun says:
_ ''Last October Secretary Fish, after a protracted
interview with General Grant, told a Cuban gentle-
man that there was no law to prevent the shipment
of arms to Cuba, for the use of the insurgents. Not-
withstanding this declaration, the Junta Cubaua
deferred shipping war supplies openly, for they had
no faith m anything that Secretary Fish might say
alter he hart ordered the seizure of tho Catharine
Whiting. which -vessel was libeled solely on the
ground that she was about to carry arms to the
Cuban insurgents.
" Determined to knowhow far they eould go with-
out violating the neutrality laws, the junta determ-
ined! to shin a small cargo of arms and ammunition.
Mr. Grinnell told them ho would give clearance
to a man-of-war loaded down with arms and muni-
tions ot war, provided the vessel carried no more
men than its customary crew.
'" The next thing done was to purchase a small
schooner, and place 011 board a small cargo of arms.
A large vessel and cargo were not risked, for the
junta believed that though Secretary Fish said they
couldship them, and CollectorGrinnell saidhewould
clear the vessel, the United States marshal would
not permit her departure." us***
, " Marshal Harlow was invited to go on board the
schoener. The marshal examined the ship's papers,
found them * all right,' and said he had no obstacle
to piace m the way. At four p. m. the schooner, the
Maria. Captain lingard, sailed for Cuba with twelve
hundred muskets and a due proportion of cartridges
and other munitions.
" Tho Government was duly informed of what was
going on last evening. The State Department tele-
graphed that if all was regular as represented no
hinderanee could be placed in the way.
' This is all the Cubans ask. They need no more."
■ Now, I commend that article to the gen-
tlemen on the other side who ask questions,
together with the proverb that " Fools may ask
questions which philosophers cannot answer."
Mr. RANDALL. They are sometimes
honest, and that is more than you are.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, sir,
we are asked to do—what? As I read the reso-
lutions of the minority and of the majority of
the committee—and 1 beg their pardon all round
for saying so—they just escape being nothing
at ail by being mischievous ; for they provide
nothing in the world that is practical. Only
one thing do they tend to do, and that is to em-
broil uain aquarrel with Spain. And gentlemen
get up and say, " Well, are we afraid of Spain?
Are we not ready to have a war with Spain, we,
so great a Power !" ^
1 answer to that, as a Fourth of July ora-
tion business, yes; but as a statesman, deal-
ing with high questions of State, I say, no!
And why? Because Spain is just in a con-
dition to desire war with us, a nation of
greatly superior power, upon any fair and
just and honorable pretense. See what is
her condition. She has a Government only
provisional, in a transition state, not with any
assured fixity, and with no hold upon the peo-
ple. But if Spain was brought into a war with
this country on any fair pietfixt, what would
be its effect upon the present regency9 It
would rally around that Government all her
people. It would unite them by a common
bond of patriotism. It would give the Spanish
Government prestige at home. It would make
the regency a dynasty. It would more than
compensate for that prestige Spain would lose
hi consequence of our taking Cuba from her.
She sees that she would lose Cuba, and, in my
judgment, Cuba is lost to her already.
. us see, gentlemen, how we ourselves are
situated, whether we are ready to go info the
contest; for we are here to take care of the
interests of our own country first of all; we
are sent here for that purpose solely. Foreign
relations are, by the Constitution, committed
to the Executive. "We have a debt of over
twenty-five hundred million dollars. Twelve
hundred million dollars of that debt are held
abroad in the shape of bonds of this Govern-
ment. We are sedking to fund our debt at a
lower rate of interest. The bankers of Europe
do not desire that we shall fund our debt at a
lower rate of interest than it is now paying,
because they would, in short, be obliged to take
a four per cent, bond for a six per cent, one,
and they do not doubt our ability to pay. And
if Spain could only strike up a little war with us,
or even a rumor of war, it would be a pretext
for the moneyed men not to take any bonds at a
lower rate of interest, and so an end of funding;
and if there should be any war that amounted to
anything,! t would furnish a necessity for our issu-
ing more bonds, in order to meet the expenses
which would be entailed upon us by a war.
Therefore, it is to the advantage of European
capitalists to have us get into a war with Spain,
because they know full well that our resources
are such that whatever interest our bonds may
bear we will be sure to pay; and they would be
glad to have the opportunity to make another
speculation in purchasing our bonds for forty
to sixty cents on the dollar, as they did during
the late war. It is apparent, therefore, that
there is every inducement for Spain, provided
she can find a plausible pretense, to get into
war with us, and that, too, without infringing
the interests of the capital of Europe.
I do not know that this language of mine is
very diplomatic ; perhaps quite the reverse.
But I tell you exactly what presses on my
mind ; let it have its legitimate effect on you.
That being the condition of things, are we not
the veriest—I will not use hard words, how-
ever—are we not extremely unwise if we give
such an opportunity for injury to the coun-
try, when we arenotcalled upon to give it? If
it be said that we are called upon to give that
opportunity, let me ask, why are we so called
upon? My colleague [Mr. Banks] says that
we are called upon because there are one mil-
lion five hundred thousand people struggling
in Cuba for liberty and independence against
one hundred thousand natives of Spain who
are supporting the Spanish cause. Let me not
misstate the gentleman. He says, " There are
one million six hundred thousand souls in
Cuba, and of that number one million five
hundred thousand, nearly all the Cuban popu- ,
lation, are in sympathy with this contest." Yet !
he tells us in the very next breath that of the j
one hundred thousand Spanish inhabitants of j
that island thirty thousand have volunteered
to support the authority of Spain; that, in addi-
tion, they hold all the offices and constitute the
greater portion of the army. Now, is not that
a pretty large proportion of volunteer soldiers—
thirty thousand out of one hundred thousand
inhabitants, men, women, and children?
Mr. BANKS. That is the statement in the
documents that have been sent us.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
say the gentleman made his statement without
his documents. But I ask, if such is the state-
ment in the documents, of what value are the
documents? Are we to involve ourselves in a war
with Spain on the proposition that there are one
hundred thousand Spaniards in Cuba, of whom
thirty thousand have volunteered as soldiers to i
support the authority of Spain ? Does the gen-
tleman understand the force of the figures he
is giving us? He says the whole amount of
the population of Cuba is one millioii,si*-kirti'-"
dred thousand, of which six or &even hundred
thousand are slaves, leaving less than a million
whites altogether. Now, if you allowthe same
proportion of volunteering that there was in
our war, which, with all our patriotism and
bounties, never amounted to one in twenty of
the population, the result would be that the
thirty thousand volunteers in the island of Cuba
would represent a population of six hundred
thousand. So, on the gentleman's own show-
ing, if he will now apply a little arithmetic to
his statement and not be misled by documents
which perhaps are made to mislead, he will
find that a majority of the inhabitants of Cuba
are opposed to this insurrection, and opposed
to it for the same reason, I suppose, that I am—-
that it is hurtful to the cause of the independ-
ence of Cuba.
Again, he tells us, to show how little we must
be carried along by the rhetoric of my friend,
which was exceedingly able and adroit, and for
which I give him high praise—he tells us in his
speech of yesterday that he had the record of
two hundred battles.
Mr. BANKS. Nearly two hundred.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He states
m his report that "owing to the imperfect
means of communication possessed by the
Cubans only the principal actions in which they
are engaged have been reported." He states
that this rebellion or insurrection broke out on
the 11th of October, 1868, and that the last
fights in regard to which reports have been
received took place in December, 1869, and
January, 1870. Therefore, the records of
these principal battles extend only over about
fifteen months. That would give us, for two
hundred battles, at the rate of one principal
battle every two and a quarter days, Sundays
included. Now, if any of us believe that, we
ought to be in favor of recognizing the inde-
pendence of Cuba; for if any people will fight
one " principal battle " every two and a quar-
ter days, including Sundays, church time and
all, for fifteen months, they ought to be free!
Sir, is it on such statements of facts as these
that we are asked to condemn our Government
for its action hitherto in regard to Cuba?
Let me state a few facts that will not be
denied, which demonstrate that the Cuban war,
with its battles every other day, is all a fiction
on paper. The first great fact is that there
never has been so much tobacco and sugar
raised in the island of Cuba during its history
as during the last year of this devastating war;
there never has been so much commerce with
that island as during the last year; there never
has been so great financial prosperity in that
island as during the last year, as shown by the
fact that the bank of Havana, which bears all
the expenses of the Government in that island,
has furnished the means for carrying on the
contest against the revolutionists, and has con-
tinued to pay gold at its counter, which we
could not do in our war.
Now, how can that be if this war is going
on ? The difficulty is there is no war in Cuba;
there can be no war in Cuba; and Mr. Jordan
tells us there is no war, because he says there
are only ten thousand men of the insurgents in
arms, and they are shut out from the rest of
the world. What is the proposition of these
friends of Cuba? It is that we shall recognize
a nation which they admit is shut out from the
rest of the world. Shut out by what? A cordon
of Spanish bayonets. What is meant by recog-
nition of a nation? It means that we should
acknowledge Cuba as an equal belligerent with
Spain, with the rights thatappertain toa nation;
and if she does not behave wellin that position,
that we may interfere to make her behave prop-
erly in carrying on that war which we declare
to exist. How shall we send an embassador to
her upon such an errand, unless we get a pass-
port to go to her through the Spanish lines?
