1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5420
pose a case which this bill ia meant to remedy.
Lands are sold for the non-payment of taxes ;
they pass ipto the possession of the vendee;
this bill provides that in case suit is hrought
by the owner to recover those lands he shall
first pay all costs and penalties in addition to
the tax imposed on the land. My objection
to that is this: that if the proceedings under
■which that sale took place, being stricti juris,
shall in any respect be 'defective, you cannot
now remedy the action of those tax officers as
to past costs. That, I think, is perfectly plain;
but here is a proposition that costs and pen-
9.1 ties which may have heen incurred, and prob-
ably in the majority of cases were incurred by
no real default of the owner, but incurred by
the dereliction of the tax officers whose pro-
ceedingshave been legally defective, whose pro-
ceedings cannot make title, shall be paid by
the owner of the land, he is to pay the cost and
penalties incurred in proceedings that, to use
a common phrase, cannot hold water.
Would not this be depriving a man of his
property without ''due process of law," and
therefore in violation of the provisions of the
Constitution ?
That, I think, is manifestly unjust. If the
tax sales we re valid, if all the requirements of
law were complied with, the vendee needs no
legislation. lie has got the land; the Treas-
ury has got the money. But if the proceedings
have been defective by reason of the officers
of the United States not following the direc-
tions of the law, then it certainly is unjust to
make the owner of the land pay the costs in-
curred in defective proceedings. I submit to
the sense of justice of the Senate that you
ought not to saddle a man with costs and pen-
alties growing out of the defective execution
of a law by United States officers.
Therefore I trust my amendment may meet
the approval of the Senate, and that this hard-
ship will not be placed on the owner of the
laud. The Senate will observe taxes due shall
be paid before a man recovers judgment. I
entirely assent to that, and the law provides fox-
that. I only ask that these landowners, whose
condition at any rate has been a pretty hard
one, shali not be saddled with costs incurred
in defective proceedings.
Proceedings to sell land for taxes are sum-
mary enough, and it is little to ask that all re-
quirements of law shall have been strictly
performed before an absent owner shall lose
his title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are two answers
to the Senator from Delaware, either of which
I think is sufficient. In the first place, this is
a very small matter; the costs amount to very
little. The lands were sold under an ex parte
proceeding, and they were advertised, and the
costs and penalties were a very small matter.
That is one answer.
The next is, that no man should be permit-
ted to recover the land back who has neglected
to pay his taxes. It was his duty to pay the
taxes, and if he did not pay them, and the land
had to be advertised for sale, he ought to pay
the costs of the advertisement. It is proper
that he should do it. It is his fault that be did"
not pay the taxes. If he has paid the taxes
the bill makes provision ; he does not have to
refund ; but if he has not paid his taxes, with
what pretense or face can he come into court
and say, "I claim the land back, and I will
not pay for advertising my land or any of these
costs; I put you to costs about it, but I do not
propose to pay them, and still I will get my
hand back?"
Mr. BAYARD. I propose that the taxes
thouldhe paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I propose that he shall
pay the costs too. The committee considered
that point very carefully and decided that he
ought to pay the costs. I think it is eminently
just. I hope the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must say that I have
listeried with some surprise to the Senator who
last sjwke. lie demands why any man should
be allowed to recover back his land without
paying taxes and also costs. Why, sir, in the
ease of a void sale for taxes it is the commonest
thing in the world for the owner of the prop-
erty to recover his property back without the
condition of paying taxes, much less costs; and
I presume the Senator from Illinois has known
of a hundred just such cases in his practice,
and probably has had some.
I understand the effect of this bill is to treat
a void sale for taxes as though it was a valid
one, and to forbid the owners of property from
recovering the land back by "due process of
law," except upon conditions which, I insist,
arc unusual, unheard of, and, in my judgment,
unconstitutional.
It has happened more than once, by an exer-
cise of legislative power much worse than doubt-
ful, that invalid proceedings for the leyy and
collecting of taxes have heen made valid by act
of a State Legislature; but who ever heard of
an act of a State Legislature making valid sales
of land for taxes that were in themselves when
made invalid and void? Even in the new
States, where irregularities in tax sales are so
great as in a considerable degree to defeat the
prompt collection of revenue, I know of no
such case. If there be any such ease it is an
exception to the entire p^nciples which should
govern legislation under similar circumstances.
There is a provision in the Constitution, in
one of t.he amended articles, which is familiar
to us all; it is in article five, to the effect that
no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law. It is not
material whether that process of law be sum-
mary in its nature or bo according to the gen-
eral course of the common law, provided it be
due process of law. But, sir, where the law
has not been followed, where the proceeding
has not been according to law, and where it
was a summary proceeding in its nature, is
there any power in this or any other Legisla-
ture in the United States to come in and de-
clare that valid which in its nature was void,
when the effect of that legislation is to deprive
a man of his property? In what respect can
that be saved from the prohibition against de-
priving a man of his property without due
process of law ? I have no doubt that in many
of the cases of sales under this act the most
fundamental requisites of the law were disre-
garded; that 110 notice even was given. Can
any hardship be conceived greater than that
which would follow if we are to legislate now
so as to supply the want of every necessary
requisite provided for by the tax law itself, and
to make valid a sale which was good for noth-
ing when made, which perhaps was designedly
so made, and thereby, I repeal, to strip inno-
cent people—people who were utterly ignorant,
perhaps, of the proceedings against them—of
their property without due process of law?
I listened not a great while ago with appro-
bation to the Senator from Illinois, when, 111
the spirit of an honest indignation, lie spoke
of some extraordinary provision brought in
by a fellow-Senator as ''abhorrent." I heard
him with gratification. I shall not apply his
earnest and honest language to this act; but I
say that I regard it as an act for which there is
no precedent, and ought to be none of author-
ity in any legislation of which I am aware.
I trust the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware will be adopted. It is a mitigation
of the injustice and oppression of this bill,
although not a total remedy; but for one I
shall be very glad to accept it so far as it goes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware.
The amendment was rejected—ayes ten, noes
not counted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator from
Illinois, who has charge of this bill, to allow
me to call up a resolution which 1 offered the
day before yesterday. I do itto oblige a friend.
If there be no objection 1 ask to have it dis-
posed of now.
The VIDE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware asks unanimous consent to take up
the resolution offered by him in regard to the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad, which the Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] desired to have
taken lip and passed on Saturday night, ft
will be reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Jiesolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, instructed to communicate to the
Senate all evidence on file in his Department shoe-
ing the extent to which the provisions' of the act
approved 27th July, 186(3, granting lands to the At-
lantic and Pacific Railroad Company, have or have
not been complied with by said company, particu-
larly the eighth, ninth, tenth, twelfth, thirteenth,
eighteenth, and nineteenth sections of said act; and
also an estimate of the quantity of land granted by
said act, the number of acres of the same lying within
Indian territory the title of which is unextinguished,
and the amount of money that it will cost the Gov-
ernment to extinguish the Indian title to the same
on behalf of said company.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not agree to that reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan objects, and the resolution cannot be
considered at this time. Senate bill No. 995
is still before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer another amendment
to the pending bill. In line eleven of section
one, after the words " costs and penalties," I
move to insert the words "incurred in pursu-
ance of law."
I do not think the honorable Senator from
Illinois will object to this amendment. My
only object is to prevent the Gosts of proceed-
ings, confessedly defective and void, for which
the owner of this land 'could not be responsi-
ble, being saddled upon him by this means,
when by no pretense could they be collected
from him except under this bill. Where cer-
tain advertisements were necessary, where
certain preliminaries and conditions were
made obligatory by the law, and the land was
sold in the absence of that proper notice, and
costs were incurred by a disregard of the law,
those costs should not be saddled upon the
unhappy owner of the land. Is it not enough
that he should pay the taxes and all the in-
terestdue upon the taxes, and if the costs have
been incurred in pursuance of law, that he
should pay those also ? This amendment will,
I think, guard against some injustice.
I know something of the proceedings under
these tax sales in the southern States, and I
believe they have been in a great many oases
as dishonest things as ever were done on the
earth ; that the costs were constructively cre-
ated and piled up, and the law has been
defectively executed, and the titles under it
will never stand five minutes in a court of jus-
tice. All I ask is that the Senate shall now
insist that where a man is to pay the costs
those costs shall havo been legally incurred.
My amendment reaches that point, and I hopo
the Senate will sustain it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The language of the
bill is, that before a person whose lands have
been sold under this general tax law shall re-
cover them back he shall be required to pay
"all taxes, costs, and penalties due upon the
said land at the time of the sale." Of course,
that means such costs as are lawfully due on
the land. I think the bill is exactly right, and
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Sir. BAYARD. If the meaning of the bill
is so clear the words I propose to add cannot
hurt it.
The amendment was rejected—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to move an
amendment in section two, line ten. I move
to strike out the word "or" before "turned,"
and after the word "of" to insert "or ex-
cluded from ; " so that the clause will read :
And on being satisfied that any purchaser, his
heirs or assigns, has been evicted from, turned out
of, or excluded from possession of any such land by
the judgment of any United States court, &('■
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
