1810.
m® OQNGRESSIQtfiX €&0m
3541
' when this Administration came into power. It
was not to blame that rotten old hulks incum-
bered the navy-yards, and other rotten old
hulks constituted our navy in foreign waters.
If there is any disgrace arising from the char-
acter of our ships, that disgrace belongs to Con-
gress, and not to the Navy Department under
this Administration or auy former one. ^ We
havedoledout the means to construct the Navy,
and prevented by our parsimony the adoption
of improvements in naval architecture. The
fifth-rate Powers of Europe surpass us in this
respect. The disgrace is ours, and not that of
onr brave officers and men, who have made up
in spirit and energy for the weak and inefficient
ships on which we have sent them to their
stations. And it is not on the Navy Depart-
ment, to which we have for twenty jears, ex-
cept during the war, appropriated about the
amount, on an average per year, that this bill
appropriates, while England has appropriated,
during the same time, from fifty to one hundred
million dollars per year. We have appro-
priated about one dollar to live of England,
and yet talk of the disgraceful condition of our
vessels as compared with thoBe of England, as
if it was a reproach, not to us, but to the Navy
itself.
For 18G8 and 1869 England appropriated
over fifty-five million dollars in gold to ijta
navy, equivalent to $75,000,000 of onr mf>ney,
while we appropriated but $17,356,350. ' This
year their appropriations are about five million
dollars less, and this bill reduces onr appropri-
ations §1,000,000. When it is remembered
that England has no eight-hour law to increase
the cost of its labor, and that materials there
are cheaper, the difference in its appropriations
would carry them up, as compared with ours,
to at least $100,000,000 per year. The con 
dition of the Navy at the time this Adminis-
tration took it is shown by a communication
of the late Secretary Welles, dated as late as
January 29,1869, and addressed to Hon. J. W.
Grimes, chairman of t.he Senate Naval Com-
mittee. In the letter referred to Mr. Welles
complains of the limited means at his disposal,
says he had of late made but few repairs, and
anticipates the embarrassment that his suc-
cessor will suffer from finding the Navy in such
a bad condition. As this letter is the best
exhibit of the ''perishing and non-efficient
condition of our naval vessels" within about
a month before his successor took, their charge
from his hands I ask attention to its state-
ments: r
Navy Department, January 29,1869.
Sib: * 3 * * It was not my intention
at this session of Congress to urge an increase in any
of the proposed appropriations, reduced as they "have
been withoutoonsultatioB with the Department, from
estimates made upon carefully gathered data, and
without any expression JrroiQ the committee reput-
ing the bill as to how th6 money should bo applied
or where expended-; Butfeelingitaduty to call atten-
tion to the embarrassments likely to arise from the
adoption of the bill as passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, irrespective of the amounts Appropri-
ated, I improve the occasion to say that in the pres-
ent conditioR of tho vessels of the Nary the amount
included in the bill for "steam-engineering" is not
adequate for the squadrons afloat, nor for a Navy
upon anything approaching a respectable peace
establishment. , . „
In accordance with the oft-repeated views of Con-
gress, expressed in various ways, and in consequence
of the reduced appropriations, the ex penditnres upon
naval vessels have'for the last two or three years
been restricted to the actual amount necessary to
keep a small number afloat. If vessels have not
been needed for immediate use they were upon re-
turning from service laid up without repair. A large
expenditure will be required—largerpow than would
hare been necessary hadtherepairs been madewhett
the vessel went out of commission—but the funds
were not provided. It is a wise and economical
policy to repair vessels of the permanent Navy and
put thoir machinery in order as they return from
service, and a Government whose commercial inter-
ests are as extensivo as those of the United States,
and whose naval power is so often appealed to,
should always" have vessels in readiness for any
emergency. If not required for immediate special
service they will not long remain unused, but-bo
needed to replace those which have been abroad for
the usual term. Such vessels as the Hartford, Lan-
caster, Colorado, Wabash, Minnesota, Susquehanna,
Wyogiiag, Wacbjjsctt, Juniata. Brooklyn, and Mo-
nongahela, are in home ports; but months will l?o
required to fit aiiy one of them for Servico.
If those who succeed me are embarrassed for the
want of vessels or means it shall be through no fault
of mine, for it has been my endeavor that the wants
of tho service and the true interests of tho country
should bo faithfully presented to Congress. In my
annual reports, as well as in special communications
of the Navy Department, and in this letter, my object
has been and is the welfare of the service.
It is a satisfaction to know that tho Department is
not responsiblo for the perishing and non-efieient
condition of our naval vessels which remain at tho
wharves unfitted and unrepaired for servico.
Very respectfully,' QIDEON WELLES.
Secretary Navy.
lion. Jamks "W. Grimes, Untied States Senator.
Mr. Welles, ju$t before going out of office,
declared that a large expenditure was entailed
on his successor by the necessary repairs which
his means would not allow him to undertake.
The concurrent testimony of naval men is that j \
Mr. Welles's statements were under the mark ]j
rather than exaggerated. There was not a ;
sound ship in the Navy. At home and abroad
there was nothing but rottenness and ineffi- j
ciency. The lives of the sailors were always r
periled and frequently sacrificed in the per- J
formance of necessary duty in ships that it was j
murder to keep at sea. More than this, the :
docks, wharves, buildings, and other property
at the navy-yardS) the accumulations of years, i
were perishing for want of ordinary repairs'and
protection. Qu,r iron-olads were unhoused and
unprotected, the machinery exposed to the
storms, and being corroded with rust. On the
3d of February, 1869, Mr. Welles called atten-
tion again to thi§ condition of things in a letter
to Mr. F. A. Pike, phairman of the Naval Com-
mittee of the House." Such then was the legacy
that the late Administration bequeathed to the
present one, and such was the necessity that
existed for activity in the navy-yards after the
4th of March, 18G9. Mr. Welles's excuse for
not repairing the Navy was the want of money
to apply to such purposes; and he stormed at
dowp ^ese %ures to the end of the fiscal year,
aqd suggests the same comparison. I collate
from his figures the following exhibit:
Table of expenditures in (he first year of Grant's ad-
ministration and the corresponding months for the
year 1SC3 under Johnson:
1868. Johnson.
March $2,772,172 0:!
April  1,625,716 90
May   1,752,054 50
Juno  2,725,609 72
July  2.335,143 24
I August  1,001,320 58
September.. 2,268,885 08
October  3,321,617 'Jo
November... 1,660,849 58
December... 1,220,556 30
1869.
January  1,311,720 02
I February.... 701,513 40
1S69. Grant.
ilarch  $1,034,232 2S
April  1.450,-lSl 11
May
J une 
July 
August 
September..
October 
November...
December...
1870.
January....
February....
1,011,283 6.)
2,019,lJ54 la
1,856,160 72
1,634,470 61
2,302,999 (ill
2,384,14-> 80
1,659,018 71
1,826,107 34
1.764,787 8".
1,360,516 ,6
Total $22,760,359 90 Total S20.893.159 '24
In some remarks which I made on the naval
deficiency bill in February last, 1 showed that
although no less than eighty vessels had been
repaired at the navy-yards, against nearly no
repairs made by Secretary Welles, andto effect
these repairs the number of men at the navy-
yards had been twelve thousand, against five
or six thousand under Mr. Welles, yet the
books of the Treasury showed a decrease in
the expenditures of the Department for the
time, ad compared with the corresponding
period of1868, of $8,621,822. The table which
1 have read shows these figures in detail, and
the same economy subsequently, and the fact
is still further illustrated in Secretary Robe-
son's last annual report.
What, then, becomes of the assaults made
against the Navy Department on either side
of this Chamber? Those gentlemen who think
the Navy should rot will not comniend the
efficient action of the Department in rescuing
our war ships from hastening decay. But even
they must admit that where $3,000,000 are
saved in the expenditures, which put the Navy
in a condition of efficiency over those con-
Congress within a month before he went out
of office because he could not get the necessary .i sumed in watching its decay, there is an mi-
funds. What he did with the money that was provement in administration.
given him it would be difficult accurately to ; The bill reported from the Committee on
determine. The appropriations were certainly.,; Appropriations is niggardly in many of its i'ea-
inadequate, but the work accomplished tures. It is entirely inadequate to the wants
singularly small. Secretary iiobeson's repqrt ', of the service* as I propose to show. Although
of 1869 confirms Writs's statements of the : reported from the Committee oh Appropria-
perishing condition' qf the Navy when he took ;i tions, it is the espccial. production of the gen-
1 .   _ 1': I i: «T>Un MAnnata ifr iv> on ffnro'otin n C
charge of it ..
In this situation of, the Navy, it was thought
by the new Navy Department all *Q6puntS
to be the bent economy to do what cpuld be
done at once to put it iu repair, not only tie-
cause the ships were required for immediate use,
but because (kl&x would increase the amount
to be ultimately necessitate the
maintenance of expensive §rganizatiQn% with-
out adequate results. Acting upon thi? i>riu 
ciftle the navy-yards were set in efficient oper-
ation) and necessary repairs proceeded with
rapidity. In less than a year jnatiy vessels
tleman who reports it, in that hi3 suggestions
have had controlling weight. It does not ex-
press the views of those of the committee who
think it bad economy to cripple an important
arm of the national defense ; and it does not
suit others who, like *he gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] : think almost any
appropriations made to the Navy are extrav-
agant. 1 was not surprised to hear the gentle-*'
man from Massachusetts say the other day that
he was opposed to the bill. I am also opposed
to it, but for the opposite reason ; and ! shall
endeavor, when the bill is read by sections, to
were repaired and fitted for pea at the several j; have some of its features liberalized
 :i„ 'Jhat which Mr- Welles found im- ■ The gentleman from Wisconsin, in bringing
navy-yards.
possible to accomplish with greater means at
his command, the present Administration suc-
ceeded in effecting. Much remained to be
done, and much must be continually done to
arrest decay and keep up efficiency ; but the
Navy was rescued from utter rottenness and
put in a condition of considerable usefulness.
In January last the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] gave the figures of the
first nine months' administration of the Navy
Department under president Grant, during
which these gre^t repairs were effected, and
the corresponding months of Johnson's admin-
istration, when M r. Welles was expendi ng m o n ey
and yet letting the N avy rot at home and abroad-
The comparison was a complete answer to the
reckless charges that were made against the
forward the bill, presented an array of figures
which cannot be understood without more
study than the time of members will ordinarily
' permit. Those, who go for economy, without
considering in what that economy consists,
will no doubt be pleased to hear that the naval
: estimates are cut down $7,956,43138; the frac-
1 tional part of a dollar, showing how very par-
| ticular is the calculation of the naval ser-
' vice. Members will naturally suppose, from
| this nicety of calculation, that the gentleman
( from Wisconsin is an expert in naval estimates,
' or that the committee has taken the trouble to
! obtain from the heads of naval bureaus the in-
' formation and recommendation to enable us
i to so cut down naval appropriations. On the
contrary, I do not think the gentleman brings
rtJCKlCSS Uilal^ VUtt"   -O : ■ . - |    j j -    . ,
Navy Department, and no one has ever tried to j: any peculiar experience to bear on tne subject,
deny the figures, although the same loose gene- i; and the views of the Navy Department are
ralities have since been indulged in. ihe gen- j! entirely disregarded. Under this bill the Ad-
tlemanfrom Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn j brings i! ministration will be left in greater straita than
