2598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask whether
any of the men he is speaking of have got rich?
Mr. MYERS. Many of them become com-
fortable. We want the laboring man in this
country to have a reward for his labor and a
chancefora'dvancernent. A few of them obtaiu
a competency; but generally they continue to
labor, and to labor in their own shops with
their own hands. We waut this sort of people
to earn money, and be protected in order to
earn it as well as the richer classes. But I
allude to this industry as an illustration of the
fact that in protecting manufactures we protect
the interests of the country and the laboring
people of the country.
Let me refer the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] to the fact which is character-
istic of the duties on all these articles, that
when you put a protective duty on the higher
grades of carpets you not only stimulate and
develop their manufacture here, employing a
large number of skilled workmen, but you
prevent the lower wages of Europe from bring-
ing them into unfair competition with these
ingrain carpets, and from crushing an industry
which not only gives a living to many thou-
sands more, but has cheapened the carpets
which cover the floors of the poor and mid-
dling classes all over the land.
There are two classes of duties in this bill,
specific and ad valorem,, and the only protec-
tion we get is from the ad valorem. On two-
ply carpets we have only a specific duty of
12 cents, while we have to pay duties on wool
and drugs and other articles entering into
their manufacture, amounting to 15 cents ; on
three-ply carpets we only get 17 cents specific
protection, and we have to pay duties on the
articles used of 19J cents. Thus we have
nothing but the ad valorem duty to protect us.
ilr. ELDRIDGE. Does not the gentleman
know that western wool brings a less price now
than it has done for years ?
Mr. MYEKS. I dare say western wool may
bring a less price, but that is no argument.
The foreign wool, too, is reduced in price. The
fact is, no American wool enters into these
carpets; it is too fine or at least too dear for
the purpose. This wool duty is entirely in the
interests of our western wool-growers, the farm-
ing interest about which gentlemen on the other
side are always talking. Our ingrain-carpet
makers suffer that much in order to protect
other interests, and I am only showing what
they have to pay. We really ought to have
greater protection for the reasons I have shown
and the decline of the gold premium which gave
partial protection. I know that gentlemen
opposite are for taxing labor, pretending all
the time that we are in the interest of capital,
and in no instance have their fallacies been
shown more thoroughly than by their attack
on this industry.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pend-
ing is to strike out the entire clause.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
that motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I renew it, for
the purpose of protesting against these enorm-
ously high duties upon carpets. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] has
drawn a picture here showing, as he says, that
seven thousand men, women, and children in
his district are engaged in this occupation, and
he claims that on their account hundreds of
thousands and millions throughout the country
should be made to pay 100 per cent, upon their
carpets. I ask the gentleman whether he thinks
it just when the western wool that goes into
these carpets is protected only by a duty of 3
per cent, that he should have on his carpet
manufactures a duty ranging from 75 per cent,
up to 100 per ccnt. ? Gentlemen do not seem
to recollect when they talk about protecting
lub'.'r, when they talk about legislating for the
interests of the few who are engaged in these
manufactures that there are thousands every-
where else—five hundred to one—who are pur-
chasers and consumers and who are being made
to sutt'er by this policy. The wool that goes
into these carpets is protected by a duty of but
3 per cent., and yet when that is all the pro-
tection you give the wool-growers of the United
States the gentleman claims that it is just to
those who are raising that wool and to the
consumers throughout the West and the poor
men—for the tariff on the article they use is the
highest—that they should be made to pay these
duties.
Mr. MYERS. The wool raised in this coun-
try does not enter into the manufacture of these
carpets at all. American wool is not used for
these carpets. So the gentleman's argument
falls to the ground.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Thenthegentleman made
a mistake when he said that tho reason why they
could not make anything was because of the
protection given to western wool.
Mr. MYERS. I said there was a duty on
foreign wool, and foreign wool does enter into
this manufacture. It is frequently spun into
yarn abroad and comes in competition with the
product of the American spinners. And when
the gentleman says that I speak in the interest
of the few and that he is speaking in the interest
of the consumers, I say thatlho seven thousand
persons of whom I spoke are engaged in this one
manufacture alone, and there are a large number
of other manufactures in mydistrictand in tho
city of Philadelphia. I say that they are con-
sumers, and thatthcy can aft'ordjwhen well paid,
not only to develop art and industry in this
country, but to pay for what they consume.
And you would shut the factories against those
people.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. That is just
what we want them to do.
Mr. MYERS. Not to shut the factories ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. No; we are
willing they shall have sufficient protection,
getting it incidentally from a revenue tariff;
but we claim that the present duties are enorm-
ously high; and if it is a fact that these man-
ufacturers cannot succeed with these high
duties then they ought to shut up and quit. I
do not believe these high duties are necessary,
and I am in favor of reducing them.
Mr. SCHENOK. I move to strike out the
last line of the paragraph, for the purpose of
stating to the House what the pending propo-
sition would result in if you were to strike out
the paragraph as proposed. Out of this cloud
of dust, and with this attempt all round to pull
wool over our eyes, it may be we'll enough to
understand just what is proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in regard to this
class of woolen goods. It is just a reenact-
ment of the present law, with two exceptions.
By construction the present law puts Brussels
carpets which are stamped or printed in the
warp upon tho same footing as Brussels ear-
pets woven upon the Jacquard loom; that is,
at a rate of duty of 44 cents per square yard.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoae]
understands what we have done, for he is op-
posed to it. We propose to bring the duty on
Brussels carpets which are stamped or printed
in the warp down to 28 cents per yard. The
other change we propose is this; in regard to
some classes of felt carpetings, upon which the
duty is now 40 cents and 25 cents per yard and
30 per cent, ad valorem, we have reduced the
duty to 12 cents per square yard and 35 per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the duty on the
poorer classes of carpetings, reduced to an ad
valorem standard?
Mr. SCHENCK. I only know it is consider-
ably less than the present rates.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman an-
swer my question? Or can he do it?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am just looking for the
figures; I cannot carry them all in my recol-
lection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have known good math-
ematicians spend much time upon the subject,
and they have been unable to ascertain what
it is.
Mr. SCHENCK. They must have been
very poor arithmeticians. •
Mr. COX. On this matter of carpetings I
think I can present some information which
will enable members to see that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have reported in favor
of the better class of carpets.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. COX. Well, I think so. I have here a
statement of the duties upon the various kinds
of carpetings, reduced to the ad valorem stand-
ard, which was made out for the Committee of
Ways and Means by W. J. Sloane & Co., of
New York, on the 4th of December last. By
reference to this table every housewife will
understand what is the duty upon these articles.
And if gentlemen here do not understand it
now they willfind itout some daywhen women
come to vote. The statement is as follows:
Duties on carpetings.
Per cent.
Moquetto, Axminster. Aubusson 50
Wilton or Tourney velvet-
costing $170gold per square yard, duty 70 cents
per square yard and 35 per cent, ad valorem.. 76
costingffi 92 gold per sauareyard, duty 70 cents
per square yard and 35 per cent, ad valorem.. 72
costing $210 gold per square yard, duty 70 cents
per square yard and 35 per cent, ad valorem.. 68
Velvet carpeting—
costing $150 sold per square yard, duty 40 cents
per square yard and 35 per oent. ad valorem.. 011
costing $1G7 gold por square yard, duty 40 cents
per square yard and 35 per cent, ad valorem.. 59
costing$1 80gold per square yard,duty 40cents
per square yard and 35 per cont. ad valorem.. 57
Brussels carpeting, wrought by the Jacquard
machino—
costing SI gold por square yard, duty 44 cents
per square yard and 35 per oent. ad valorem.. 79
costing 8125gold per square yard, duty 44 cents
per square yard and 35 per oent. ad valorem,.. 70
Tapestry carpotine, printed on warp-
costing 75 cents gold por square yard, duty 28
cents per square .card and 35 per cont. ad
valorem  72i
costing 80 cents gold per square yard, duty 28
cents per square yard and 35 per cent, ad
valorem 70
oosting S7i cents gold per square yard, duty 28
cents per square yard and 35 per cent, ad
valorem       67i
Three-ply carpeting, costing 85 cents per squaro
yard, duty 17 cents per square yard and 35 per
cent, ad valorem     50
Ingrain or two-ply carpeting—
costing 55 cents gold per square yard, duty 12
cents per square yard and 35 per cent, ad
valorem  52
costing 60 cents gold per square yard, duty 12
cents per square yard and 35 per cent, ud
valorem    50
Venetian carpeting, costing 75 cents gold per
syuare yard, duty 17 cents per square yard and
3o per cent, ad valorem   58
Duties on druggets or bochings.
Costing 36 cents gold per square yard, duty 25
cents per squaro yard and 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem   105
Costing 42 cents gold per square yard, duty 25
cents per squaro yard and 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem       95
Extra quality, costing 48 cents gold per square
yard, duty 25 cents per square yard and 35 per
cent, ad valorem 85
If the above rates of duty be applied to felt
carpeting it willresult as follows:
Costing 45 cents gold per square yard, duty 25
ecnts per square yard and 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem      90
Costing 55 cents gold per squaro yard, duty 25
cents per square yard and 35 per cent, ad valo-
rem    81
Respectfully submitted,
W. & J. SLOANE.
To Committee of Ways and Means,
IJlouse of Representatives, Washington.
New Yokk, December 4,1869.
Now, by reference to the foregoing statement
every member can see that in every step of this
infamous tariff bill there is a piling up of taxes
on the people, and that, too, upon the pretext
of revenue, when we have now a surplus in the
Treasury of more than $100,000,000. Sir, it
is an outrage upon the people, and the only
way to expose it is to give the facts. And when
gentlemen say to us that we are free-traders,
or speaking indefinitely, or not speaking to the
question, I give them the actual ad valorem,
duti<33 which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
