1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
facilities, and to establish specie payments,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Sumner to the Amendment of the
Committee on Finance, which was in the first
section, eighth line, to strike out "four" and
insert." liveso that the amount of bonds
which the Secretary of the Treasury is author-
ized to issue under the first section shall be
1500,000,000 instead of $-100,000,000.
Mr. MOliKILL, of Vermont. If Senators
trill take up the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance I vrill note a few very
inconsiderable amendments, which, if made,
will make the measure far more acceptable to
me, aud will be such suggestions as will be
embraced in the remarks 1 am about to submit
to the Senate.
In section two, line eight, I propose to strike
out " four and one half" and insert •'live;'' in
lines fourteen and fifteen to strikeout''a higher
fate of;" in section three, line niue, to strike
out " four" aud insert "five;" and in line six-
teen strike out "four" and insert "five;" to
strike out the Inst part of section five, after the
word "States,"iu line three; to strikeout the
f>roviso to section eight; aud iu section ten,
ine seven, to strike out the words "sectiou
three of."
Mr. President, I had not until within a day
or two any purpose of participating in the de-
bate on the present bill, beyond what might
arise on some amendments during its progress
through the Senate, for the reason that 1 have
heretofore sufficiently often discussed the gen-
eral subject, and also for the reason, if I may
say so, that time seems to be making more
converts to what I have considered sound doc-
trine in finance than J could hope to make by
any new arguments. Cut the subject is one
of such magnitude that I shall ask to be par-
doned for otFeriug some observations on a few
points raised in the present funding bill, and
which are now to be determined by the Senate.
Long ago I advocated, as earnestly as I knew
how—
First, a curtailment of expenditures, and
then a corresponding diminntiou of taxation. J
Second, an early emancipation from an ex- |
clnsively paper currency, aud a return to specie
payments.
Third, funding our national debt at a lower
rate of interest.
This policy is as imperatively demanded now
as it was two years ago. Happily the change
in the executive branch of the Government has
enabled us to make progress as to the first prop-
osition, and we meet with earnest encourage-
ment from the President and the Secretary of
the Treasury to go forward with the second
and third. If we fail, Congress and the Re-
publican party will be held responsible for the
failure. 1 shall vote for the present bill even
if it should not be improved by the Senate, as
I believe it should 4>e improved, because it
boldly attempts to do something in the right
direction, and because the Secretary of the
Treasury, who is to execute it, is confident of
its success. It offers a loan of $400,000,000
at five per cent, interest, which I hope and be-
lieve may be taken. If nothing more can be
done that should be secured.
I reserved my right in committee to vote
in the Senate for any amendment changing
the rate of interest to five per cent. This is
the pivot around which nearly all of my object-
ions to the present bill revolve. Fix the rate
at that point, and we make one great loan, at-
tracting the attention of the world, upon which
ire can stamp American credit and charac-
ter. The only difference which will then ex-
ist will be the length of time which parts of
the loan will have to run, and for any advan- i
tages of that difference the Secretary of the
Treasury would of course demand a proper '
premium. Then the national banks would be I
treated fairly, and would promptly aid the j
Government iu obtaining a cheaper loan. By
discriminating against them we are in danger
of turning our hitherto most powerful auxiliary
against us. We plant a thorn in our own breast
that will make us bleed when we have no blood
to Bpate. Not to fix the same rate for bonds
into which United States notes can be funded
is again to discriminate against the notes. It is
auuouuciug that we will only pay the legal-
tender uotes in a much cheaper kind of bond
than we are prepared to exchange for any
other outstanding debt, or one that shall bear
j | only four per cent, interest and have the longest
i time to run. That is not treating notes upon
! an equality with our bonded debt. Will it uot
be better to treat all of our obligations with
equal favor?
1 regret the proposal of the four and four
and a half per cent, loans, as it appears to me
impossible that these can be disposed of ex-
cept so far as they can be forced upon the
national banks, which to some extent, per-
haps, can be cornered and forced to swallow
the unwelcomo repast. But is that just?
The appropriation of $150,000,000 annually
proposed in section seven for the payment of
interest and the reduction of the principal of
the public debt ought to commend itself to
general favor. At first it may leave appar-
ently too small a sum to be devoted to the
reduction of the principal of the public debt,
but year by year that will be reduced, and the
sum available for this purpose will gradually
increase with the increased growth of the
country. The plan possesses the virtues of
the sinking fund system, for which it is a sub-
stitute, without its complicated, useless, and
expensive machinery. It fulfills all pledges
heretofore made. When our whole debt shall
be properly funded, after paying the interest,
there will remain not less than twenty to
twenty five millions to be applied toward the
extinction of the principal of the public debt.
This is the very smallest amount which should
be thus sacredly set apart, and I should rather
prefer to have it larger; but there is nothing
to hinder a larger reduction of the debt, pro-
vided we have the funds to spare for that pur-
, pose, and practically, I trust, we shall do more
j than this, and that we shall use to this end
. what we are pledged to use—the entire cus-
1 toms revenue of the country.
The sections of the bill in relation to national
banks already organized and to be organized
are not wholly satisfactory. It will be noticed
that two systems are proposed; or, one for
banks already organized, and another for those
hereafter to be organized. The first may have
bonds bearing an average rate of interest of
four and a half per cent., bat the last can only
have bonds bearing four per cent, interest. It
does not occur to me that this is in any way ad-
visable. The profits of banks now organized
will be greater than those hereafter started, and
the value of the securities deposited for the re-
demption of the circulation of ihe latter will be
less. This inequality should be remedied; or
rather, it should not be inaugurated. But with
the present amount of taxation upon national
banks, it is unlikely that very much new capi-
tal would be embarked in the banking business
upon the terms here imposed. The four per cent,
bonds would be a drug in the market, much
below par for any purpose but that of banking,
and parties would be reluctant aboot being
caught for a long term of years with any large
amount of such stock on their hands. I should
prefer that free banking should not be started
until specie resumption has been secured; but
retiring an equal amountof United States notes
will, at least, prevent any positive inflation, and
when such notes are out of the way Congress
may be expected to move with less reluctance
toward turning the stream of gold and silver
once more into the pockets of the people.
Coin is a fertilizer, upon which a vast super-
structure of solid credit may be built up and
stand securely; but now we permit all the gold
aud silver we produce to flow abroad, enriching
every other nation but ourselves, when we ought
to reclaim, as wo easily might, the large share
to which we are so justly entitled. There is an
insurmountable infecundity in paper money.
Speculation, indeed, fattens upon it. driving a
coach and four-in-hand; but in its presence
honest labor pines for opportunity; substantial
business becomcs a lottery with more blanks
than prizes; and foreign commerce is reduced
to Ihe contemptible dimensions of barter. The
coin, which it annually costs the Government
some hundreds of thousands of dollars to strike
off at our mints, we have demonetized. It is
received for duties and paid out for interest;
but beyond these narrow bounds it can only be
used as merchandise, and as merchandise it is
not wanted. We have made it a bauble, and
it goes at the price of a bauble. Any deficit
in our exports is made up by a shipment of
United States securities. The savage nations
who used shells for money were almost as wise
as we are. Can we not ngree to bring this
anomalous and most unprofitable condition of
our monetary affairs to an end? Inconvertible
paper issued by national authority is a forced
loan, and should be reserved for overwhelming
national emergencies, which no longer exist.
I have always been of the opinion that tho
dearest and mostoppressive loans we can make
are those taken abroad; and yet I see no way
at present to escape from them except the dis-
graceful one ofdoing something that will destroy
our public credit abroad. The demand for
money by our Government and people far
transcends the home supply. Our wants are
not only urgent, but wide and deep, and we
offer tempting inducements. The regular an-
nual investments in American securities are
large. Our country is the land of bold money-
making enterprises. If some of these have a
disastrous fate, many prove fortunate. The
successful stimulate capital to other ventures.
Those accustomed to live on three per cent,
annuities often find by a transfer of securities
to America that the sum of their expenditures
can be safely doubled. The elegancies as well
as the necessities of life suddenly come more
abundantly within their reach. Human nature
must change, the world over, before it can long
refuse such inducements. Fresh investments
of foreign wealth are not only constantly made,
but the interest and dividends upon invest-
ments heretofore made seek employment here.
The liberals among the British and German
people, as well as others, having confidence in
our ability and integrity, patronize American
securities. We pay annually, in the form of
interest on national and State securities, not
less than $46,000,000, and of this $25,000,000
is probably reinvested. All this in time will
be called for in coin or its equivalent. Any
increase of our indebtedness abroad, so long
as the annual income must be drawn from us
and disbursed among foreigners, i cannot bat
regard with some repugnance.
But we already owe a large debt abroad upon
■ which the rate of interest now paid we regard
' as too much. It is not an original question
' about negotiating a new loan in large blocks,
i but how we can exchange securities and pay
a smaller rate of interest; for, upon the terms
' proposed by this bill or any that are likely to
j be proposed, we need not apprehend any suffo-
i eating competition among those abroad who
' have money to lend to plunge very deeply into
these securities. They will not jostle eaoh
other in order to snatch up the entire loan, but
they will debate whether they can or will accept
so much of the new as their old loan will pay
for. The debts of every other nation in the
world are spread over the markets of Europe,
and lenders can take their choice. They have
their pick of established loans or the new con-
stantly on the market. If we offer to pay our
five-twenty bonds, or to give in exchange new
bonds bearing a lower rate of interest, it is
probable we might obtain subscriptions from
some parties who hitherto have neglected our
securities when offered at more profitable rates,
