3542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
was even that of Johnson, which fitted out bat
two ships during its last year, and left all the
others to rot in the dock-yards. There was
much incompetency and extravagance in na-
val affairs as then administered, contrasting
strongly with the management ot'the succeed-
ing year.
I again assert that the present Administra-
tion, on $3,500,000 less money than was ex- j
pended by the last Administration during the
same months, has placed our Navy in good
condition; has redeemed it from the disorgan-
ized condition in which it was left; has rebuilt,
fitted out, and put in commission forty sound
and well-equipped vessels, most of them with
full sail-power j and it has also repaired and
saved from destruction by decay soma forty
Wisconsin says, the sum o£ $5,000,000 was
spent last year in the repair of ships, how can
he expect the Department to get along with
the small sum be would dole out, when he is
told by the Secretary of the Navy that ships
must be launched from the stocks to get the
good of them before they rot, and that ships
now partially decayed must be repaired before .
they are too far gone?
Upon another point 1 find myself at issue ;
with the gentleman, and am at loss to find the ,,
sources of his information. He is certainly 1
incorrect in saying that England is having her
work done at private yards to the exclusion of i
Government yards. The example of England
is good in this matter, for her long experience
has enabled her to know the best manner of
five others, which could be got to sea in case ! employing labor for her navy. I have not
of necessity. It is only necessary for members
to examine the results obtained, and they will
be satisfied that never has any Administra-
tion expended the Government money more
economically or more advantageously.
But I desire to call attention to some of the
features of the pending bill. The Bureau of ,
Construction asked for next year $7,975,000..
With this sum they proposed to finish certain
been able to. find in the discussion on the floor
of the flouse of Commons anything said in
favor of doing away with labor in the English
navy-yards or of building ships exclusively at
private yards. Certainly no such policy has
prevailed. In 1868 the English commenced
building twenty-four armored ships in their
dock-yards, employing 18,321 men, while they
contracted at outside establishments for but
ships, to repair others, to purchase timber and ;; two iron-clads, one frigate, and ten gun-boats.
~...r i The end of 1869 showed an increase of ine-
other materials, and to pay mechanics. For
the year ending Jnne 30, 1870, but $2,500,000 !
had been appropriated, but there was an un-
expended balance of $1,768,888 10. These
amounts were soon used in the necessary re* ;
pairs of ships lately sent to sea on foreign J
stations. In former years it was the custom j
of Congress to appropriate annually a certain '
amount for the purchase and storing of timber .
of all kinds, such as live oak frames, knees, .
&c., and for copper and iron bolts and sheath- j
iug used in ship-building. When the rebellion J
broke out we had a large supply of this timber j
and material on hand ; and the policy of storing.
up timber, to be reserved for time of need, was.,
made apparent from the first day of the rebel-.
lion. We were cut off from the live-oak forests !
of Florida and from our timber lands generally
in the South, and but for the supply on hand
we could not have commenced building the
ships, many of which aided so materially in
crushing out the rebellion. But when the war
closed most of this material was used up, and.
there was no appropriation to buy more. The
present Navy Department has no stores of
timber and iron to draw from as heretofore.
Everything has to be purchased anew. There
is scarcely a stick of five oak left in oar navy-
yards.
This condition of things should be taken
into consideration in making the appropria.-
tion. The able report of the Secretary snows
clearly the necessity of having more vessels.!
afloat; and yet the committee have cut off :
$2,100,000 for finishing five sloops-of-war on !
the stocks. The constructor explained to
members of the committee how much more !
economical it was to finish ships partly built i
than to repair old ships, a policy that has been j
conformed to by all the oldest naval Powers.
With this item off, the gentleman from Wis-
consin says that the reduced appropriation,
$3,530,000, is more by $1,030,000 than the
current year. But this makes no account of
unexpended balances and materials on, hand
from last year, of whieh there will be none at
the end of this year. The amount in the bill
will not pay,for the labor alone to keep in
repair the ships in actual service ; it will not
furnish the material for immediate use, not to
mention the provision of a store for the future.
I condemn this unreasonable reduction at
the moment when we need an efficient Navy
to protect our citizens and commerce. Right
at our doors, in Cuba, our consuls are fleeing
for their lives; our ships are seized and oar
citizens imprisoned ; and yet the Administra-
tion is deuied the means of keeping a moder-
ately respectable Navy to maintain the respect
due to our flag. If, as the geutlentau from
chanics in dock-yards to 20,690 men, increas-
ing the civil establishment of the yards, while
there was no increase for contracts outside.
In 1869 twenty-three iron-clads were proceeded
with in British navy-yards, with 15,292 mechan-
ics,; and though the Woolwich dock-yard was
closed up by act of Parliament, the laborers
were transported to other .yards, and not turned
out to starve in mid-winter, as is sometimes
done here. The present policy of Great Britain
is to build .twenty thousand tons of naval ves-
sels per year; but only four thousand tons of
this is .put out at contract. The amount of
tonnage now.being built in dock-yards under
this new rule is more than we built in the years -
1867, 1868, 1869, and 1870. The amount for
steady labor alone during these years was an
average of $16,785,000, more than the whole
amount granted for all purposes for our entire
Navy by this bill. If the gentleman appeals to
British experience, let him take it as a guide,
and advocate a system of steady labor com-
mensurate with oqr wants as a naval Power.
Qis information is all wrong; and he seems to
have no system whatever, unless it is to let the
Navy go to depay.
1 call the attention of the gentleman to the
amount proposed to be given to the depart-
ment of steam engineering, which he says is
$750,000 less than the estimates. On what
intelligent ground does he propose to cut down
those estimates? He says they are $350,000
more than l«st year, but that makes no account
of the unexpended balance and stores on hand,
which will not exist at the end of this year, so
that the steam department will have to exist
on the exact appropriation that Congress gives
them, and nothing more. I think he must know
that last year's appropriation did not suffice to
put our naval steam machinery in repair. It
had all run down, the life had been run out of
it by steaming from one coal pile to another,
because our ships had no sails to help them
along. That has been remedied now, and the
expense will be less in the futare; but there
are yet many vessels left whose machinery
requires entire repair, and the vessels can be
of no use until that repair takes place. The
longer the delay in putting them in the hands
of mechanics the worse for them. The chief
of the bureau did not estimate even for the
five sloops-of'-war on the stocks, which will
require for their machinery at least $250,000.
The gentleman from Wisconsin says that the
amount proposed for the ordnance department
is $123,000 more than last year. This is true,
because it includes an expenditure for ten fif-
teen-inch guns for the Colossus and experi-
ments for the torpedo corps. But the regular
appropriations for the bureau are cut down
largely—the item of labor at navy-yard^ three
fourths. This bureau manufactures all the
ordnance, takes it from and puts it on board
ships, &c. There is not a single item that can
be dispensed with in the estimate ot the cluof
of the bureau. There are but six thousand
barrels of gunpowder available in the powder
magazines. The small addition of five thou-
sand barrels was asked, and but half the amount
is given in the bill. Perhaps it is hazardous
to thus exhibit the poverty of our nnval sup-
plies to foreign Powers. The Department
asked for a niter depot aud a small appropri-
ation to lay in niter and saltpeter for future
contingencies. All is refused. An appropri-
ation for guns of large caliber, and for experi-
ments, to enable us to keep pace with European"
Powers, is also refused; and our naval officers
are put in the position of stealingtheir knowl-
edge from English or French experiments if
they can, instead of availing themselves of the
undoubted superiority of American ingenuity.
A large slice is cut off from the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting on the alleged
ground that there is a saving of coal as the
Navy is at present managed. The reason is
not as extensive as the reduction, and there is
nothing left for contingencies. What would
the Secretary of the Navy do if a difficulty
should suddenly spring up between this coun-
try and Spain, which is at any moment likely
! to happen? The Spaniards are seizing our
vessels, aud neglect to make reparation after
tardy release; they are insulting our flag and
killing our citizens. There must some time
be an end to our forbearance ; and I think it
! unwise for a Republican Congress to tie the
hands of the Executive by leaving him without
! the means to repel an insult to our flag or
redress a wrong inflicted on our citizens. The
amount estimated by the Bureau of Equip-
ment was not enough in the beginning, and I
am certain it will fail in the performance of
its duties lor want of means if the plan of the
gentleman from Wisconsin is carried out. The
same misnamed economy is shown in cutting
down the contingent of yards and docks from
$1,091,OOOto $800,000, without a reasongiveil;
a reduction, taken in connection with the re-
duction in the Ordnance Bureau, that is equiv-
alent to laying up the Navy, for it cripples it
in a most essential part.
The Nayy Department sent in estimates for
an increase of twenty-five hundred men in the
Navy, which would still have left us with fewer
seamen than the fifth-rate naval Powers of
Europe, aud. tbe committee refused to allow
them. It then asked for fifteen hundred men
to send and keepi its ships at sea, and thi8 was
also refused.
Over a million dollars has been cut off from
the estimates for pay of the Navy; and this
calculation has been made with the intention
of not only not allowing further seamen, but
to cut off the thirty-three per cent, allowed
by Welles's order. I am fully prepared to
say that that order was warranted by tbe luwr
and without that allowance the pay of onr
naval officers is beggarly and unworthy of the
nation. Our naval officers have always been
paid less than those of the Army; and dur-
ing the late war, when everything was high
aud greenbacks were depreciated, they could
scarcely support their families while away
from home fighting for their country. It ia as
much as they can do at present to live. When
they go abroad they have two mess bills to
pay, one on ship-board and one on shore, und
what is left is spent in returning the courtesies
of foreign officers. The latter are allowed so
much a year for entertainments; while oar offi-
cers are allowed nothing. When Admiraf
Farragnt was abroad he spent $30,000 of his
private means to return civilities that were
extended to the United States flag 4s much as.
they were to him personally. Every admiral
he met was allowed $775 a mouth, besides
