640
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the annual income of said corporation shall
not exceed thirty thousand dollars, and that
all the real and personal property of said hos-
pital and asylum shall be held, used, and
devoted exclusively to the purposes before
named: And provided further, That this act
may be altered, amended, or repealed at the
pleasure of Congress.
Approved, March 25, 1870.
Chap, XXXV.—An Act amendatory of the
Charter of the Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act to incorpor-
ate the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of the
District of Columbia, approved January ten.
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, be so amended
as to authorize the interest on the premium
notes held by said company to accumulate to
the extent of one hundred thousand dollars ;
and also to authorize said company to acquire
and hold real estate, not exceeding fifty thou-
sand dollars, cash value, at any one time.
Approved, March 25, 1870.
Ciur. XXXVI.—An Act to renew mid con-
tinue in force the Charter of the Potomac
Insurance Company, ol'Georgetown, District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Jiouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act to incorporate a fire insurance company,
in Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,"
approved the second March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-one; and the act entitled "An act
to amend the charter of the Potomac insurance
Company, of Georgetown," approved the third
of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven ;
and the act entitled ''An act lo renew and con-
tinue in force the charter of the Potomac In-
surance Company, of Georgetown," approved
the twenty-seventh of January, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one, be, aud the same are here-
by, reenueted and extended from the date of
the expiration of the last-mentioned act., until
the repeal of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so
much of section eight of the original charter
as restricts the company lo having its office in
Georgetown, District of Columbia, is hereby
amended so as to permit the company to remove
its place of business to Washington, District
of Columbia, if it so elects.
Apphovbd, March 25, 1870.
Chap. XXXfX.—An Act to Admit the Stale
of Texas to Representation "in the Congress
of the United States.
"Whereas the people of Texas have framed
and adopted a constitution of Stato govern-
ment which is republican.; and whereas the
Legislature of Texas elected under said consti-
tution has ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States ; and whereas the performance of these
several acts in good faith is a comlition-prece
dent to the representation of the State in Con -
gross : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hoitse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'That the State of 'Texas
is entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United_States : Provided, That befo re any
member ot the Legislature of said State shall
take or resume his seat, or any officer of siul
State shall eater upon the duties of his office
he shall take and subscribe and file iu the office
of the secretary of State of Texas, for perma-
nent preservation, an oath or affirmation in the
form following: "I,  , do solemnly
swear (or affirm) that I have never taken an
oath as a member of Congress, or as au officer
of the United States, or as a member of any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, and afterward engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or
given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof, so
help me God or underthepainsand penalties
ofperjury (as thecasemay be;) or such person
shall, in like manner, take, subscribe, and file
the following oath or affirmation: " I
. do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
have, by act of Congress of the United States,
been relieved from the disabilities imposed
upon me by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, so help me
God;" or under the pains and penalties of
perjury (as the case may be ;) which oaths or
affirmations shall be taken before, and certified
by, any officer lawfully authorized to administer
oaths. And any person who shall knowingly
swear or affirm l'alseiy in taking either of such
oaths or affirmations, shall be deemed guilty
of perjury, and shall be punished therefor by
imprisonment not less than one year, and not
more than ten years, and shallbe fined notless
than one thousand dollars, and not more than
ten thousand dollars. And in all trials for any
violation of this act, the certificate of the taking
of eitlierofsaidoathsoraffirmations, with proof
of the signature of the party accused shall be
taken and held as conclusive evidence that such
oath or affirmation was regularly and lawfully
administered by competent authority: And
provided farther, That every such person who
shall neglect for the period of thirty days next
after the passage of this act lo take, subscribe,
and file such oath or affirmation as aforesaid
shall be deemed and taken to all intents and
purposes to have vacated his office : And pro-
vided j nrther, That the State of Texas is admit-
ted to representation in Congress as one of the
States ot the Union, upon the following funda-
mental conditions: First, that the constitution
of Texas shall never be so amended or changed
as to ^deprive any citizen or class of citizens of
the United States of the right to vote who are
entitled to vote by the constitution herein rec-
ognized, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law,
whereof they shall have been duly convicted
under laws equally applicable to all the inhab-
itants of said State : Provided, That any alter-
ation of said constitution, prospective in its
effects, may be made in regard to the time and
place of residence of voters. Second, that it
shall never be lawful for the said State to de-
prive any citizen of the United States on account
of his race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude, ot the riijht to hold ollice under the
constitution and laws of said State, or upon any
such ground to require of him any other quali-
fications for office than such as are required of
all other citizens. Third, that the constitu-
tion ot Texas shall never be so amended or
changed as to deprive any citizen or class of
citizens of the United States of the schoolrights
and privileges secured by the constitution of
said State.
Approved, March 30, 1870.
Chap. XLIV.—AnAct to facilitate the Admin-
istration ot'Justice in the State of Texas.
Whereas the present incumbent of the office
of district judge for the eastern district of the
Slate of Texas is incapacitated by sickness and
paralysis from performing the duties of his office,
and has remained so incapacitated for a long
period, which incapacity is believed to be per-
manent, by reason of which the Government
aud citizens of the United States have been
unable to have their business transactedin that
court, and have suffered great loss and incon-
venience therefrom: Therefore.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thattheresignation of the
district judge for the eastern district of the
State of Texas, being tendered and accepted
by the President of the United States, the
salary now received by said judge shall be con-
tinued to him daring his natural life, payable
in the same manner and form as if he actually
performed the duties of his office.
Approved, April 5,1870.
Chap. XLVI.—An Act giving the Consent of
the United States to the erection of a Bridge
across the Delaware river, between Philadel-
phia and Camden.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of the
United States is hereby given to James Pol-
lock, Morton McMichael, Thomas S. Speak-
man, Alexander G. Cattell, PresbyB. O'Neill,
William Moore, Edward Bettle, Henry L. Bon-
sall, Geo. S. Woodhull, Simon Cameron, P.
C. Brink, James Page, H. M. Phillips, John
C. latum, Ilector Orr, Charles Cox, Thomas
Shaw, William Nicholson, Reynell Coates,
James H. Orne, Edwin H. Fetter, William H.
Kern, Nathan Hillos, ItobortE. Randall, Mar-
mad uk B. Taylor, Sinnickson Chew, and their
associates, first having obtained an act of in-
corporation by either the State of Pennsyl-
vania or the State of New Jersey, to erect, a
bridge with diverging roadways and double
draws, over and across the Delaware river,
between the city of Philadelphia, in the State
ol Pennsylvania, aud the city of Camden, in
the btate of ]\ow Jersey, at any time within
six years after the passage of this act: Pro-
vided, That the said bridge shall be so con-
structed and built as not to obstruct, impair,
or injuriously modify the navigation of the
river; and in order to secure a compliance
with these conditions, the company, previous
to commencing the construction of the bud:,
shall submit to the Secretary of War a plan of
the bridge, with a detailed map of the river a:
the proposed site of the bridge, together with
all other information touching said bridge
and river a3 may be deemed requisite by the
Secretary of War to determine whether the
said bridge, when built, will conform to the
prescribed conditions of the act, not to ob-
struct, impair, or injuriously modify the navi-
gation of the river : And provided also, That
the consent ot the said States ot Pennsylvania
and New Jersey shall be first had and obtained
by act of incorporation or otherwise.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary ot War is hereby authorized and
directed, upon receiving said plan and map
and other information, and upon being satisfied
that a bridge built, on such plan aud at said
locality will conform to the prescribed con-
ditions of this act, not to obstruct, impair, or
injuriously modify the navigation of said river,
to notify the said company that he approves
the same ; and upon receiving such notifica-
tion, the said company may proceed to the
erection of said bridge, conforming strictly to
the approved plan and location. But until the
Secretary of War approve the plan and loca-
tion of said bridge, and notify said company
of the same, the bridge shall not be built.
Approved, April 0, 1870.
Chap. XLVII.—An Act authorizing the Cor-
poration of the City of Washington to set
apart portions ot Streets and Avenues as
Parks for Trees and Walks.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the linited States of America\ in
Congress assembled, That the corporation of
the city ot Washington be, and hereby is,
authorized to set apart from time to time, as
parks, to be adorned with shade-trees, walks,
and inclosed with curbstones, not exceeding
one half the width of any and all avenues and
