1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2599
Schenck] cannot cipher out. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myebs] before me
says " I am speaking in the interests of indus-
try; there are seven thousand people in my
district who will suffer if you reduce this duty."
Mr. MYERS. On that one article.
Mr. COX. The gentleman must remember
that almost every household in this country
uses more or less of some of these articles.
Mr. MYERS. Therefore they are the car-
pets of the poor.
Mr. COX. There are seven hundred and fifty
thousand in his city outside of this particular
business, who use more or less of these arti-
Mr. MYERS. Yes.
Mr. COX. This whole tariff scheme is a
miserable got-up, rotten scheme to help the
Pennsylvanians and the people of New Eng-
land against the general interests of the coun-
try. So it will turn out, and the gentleman
knows it very well.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know how the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] got the
iioor. I was examining my papers and trying
to answer the question of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.] As the gentle-
man from New York has now got through his
spasm I will make my reply. This " abomin-
able bill," the gentleman says, "piles up the
duties;" and lie challenges anybody to deny
the statement. All I have to say is, that on
one class of goods we have brought the duty
down from 44 to 28 per cent. Is that piling it
up? I think even the gentleman from ]Sew
York recollects so much of his arithmetic as to
know that 28 is less than 44.
Mr. COX. I cannot accept the gentleman's
ciphering until I look into it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, as to the question
which was put to me by the gentleman from
Wisconsin. As my answer must be made from
the Treasury returns I could not reply until I
had put my hand on those returns. I find that
there is a duty of 40 per cent, and no more
upon one class of these goods. Upon the others
there is a duty of 25 cents per square yard and
35 per cent, ad valorem, amounting on the
average, according to the Treasury returns, to
7GJ per cent. But we have reduced the 25
cents to 12 cents. takiDg off 13 cents; and this
is another instance of the "piling up" by this
"abominable bill."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. But you have
inserted among carpctings " felts,'' which were
not among them in the act of 1867.
Mr. SCHENCK. Under that act felts cauie
in with belts and beltings, and paid a very much
higher duty than was intended. In this bill we
have brought them to their proper place, in
connection with other carpetings, fixing for
them a low rate of duty. It is very easy for
gentlemen who do not take the trouble to look
at the figures or to understand what is the real
effect of a paragraph to get into a spasm over
some notes of exclamation at the end of the
lines in that free-trade document to which my
friend from New York [Mr. Cox] has so fre-
quently called attention.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has not
answered my question.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the
pending paragraph by striking out the last two
lines. I rise only for the purpose of renewing
my inquiry to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means and to give him the oppor-
tunity now Of stating, if he can, to the House
and to the country, in answer to my question,
what is the ad valorem upon the lower class
of carpets to which he ha£ referred ? When I
put the question before he was not prepared
to answer. I suppose by this time', under-
standing the tariff so well as he does, he is
ready to give the information.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not pretend to remem-
ber all the figures in connection with such a
subject as this; and I doubt whether the gen-
tleman could do so with any amount of study.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not profess to under-
stand this bill, nor can the country understand
it. The gentleman is scolding me all the time
because I do not understand it. I now ask
him in good faith to give us some information.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very often I may be with-
out information and cannot on the moment
reply to a question, but the difference between
the gentleman and myself is simply that I
know where to go to get correct information
and he does not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am willing to give the
gentleman a week to obtain any information
he may require; but I supposed as his com-
mittee traveled all over the country during the
last summer obtaining information that he
did not need to seek it now.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will reply to the gentle-
man if he will keep quiet long enough for me
to do so. In answer to his question I say—
and I am but repeating what I have already
said—that the class of druggets paying 25 cents
per square yard pay, in doing so, according to
the Treasury returns, an average duty of 7GJ
per cent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Ad valorem?
Mr. SCHENCK. Ad valorem. But the
Committee of Ways and Means propose to
reduce the duty to 12 cents per square yard.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What will 12 cents a
yard pay ad valorem ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Twelve cents is cxactly
13 cents less than 25 cents.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is very clear, and
I wonder the gentleman did not know it better
after having gone all the way to California for
information.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the 25 cents duty pro-
duces an average of 76|- per cent, ad valorem
12 cents ought to produce a little less than
half.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is quite
philosophical.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think so. That is all I
desire to say.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 wanted some of the
information gained by the Committee of Ways
and Means at much expense during the last
summer, and I suppose we have received all
they acquired.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to add to the para-
graph the following:
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all manufac-
tures of wool of every description, made wholly or
in part of wool, when valued at over $2 per square
yard, duty in addition to the rates now established
of 5 per cent, ad valorem.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendment
for two reasons. One is for the purpose of
increasing the revenue. It has been objected
to the tariff law as it. now stands, with its spe-
cific duties in the maiu and pait ad valorem,
that the duties do not increase in proportion
to the value of the goods. That is to a certain
extent true. Higher priced goods come in at
a lower rate of duty than cheaper goods. The
provision I offer was in the act of 1864, but
wasdroppedintheactof 1867. It will increase
revenues on all these high-priced goods
now introduced in large quantities from Eng-
land and Germany. And the second reason is
this: that',the introduction of those goods com-
petes with the manufacturers of similar kinds
of goods scattered throughout the country, and
drives them to a certain extent out of the mar-
ket, and that has led to a cry from those man-
ufacturers against these duties being too low.
It was intended by the act of 1867, undoubt-
edly, to give as nearly as possible proportional
protection to the manufacture of fine goods
and the production of fine wool in this country.
But the machinery has increased in greater
proportion than the sheep. We have the ma-
chinery with which those goods can be pro-
duced; but it is now in part idle because of
the competition of goods imported from other
countries. It cannot find the quantity of wool
except from other countries. If t his be changed
it will prevent the antagonism of these inter-
ests, which are now growing and may increase.
The production of fine wool is the result of
skilled industry, and deserves protection as
much as any other skilled industry, and I do
not wish for one to take it away, but on the
contrary in every way to promote it. But we
do not find the sheep growing this wool increas-
ing in proportion to the machinery and the
demands of the market. As this increases
simply the duty on articles of luxury and
does not increase the price of articles of neces-
sity, but enables the country to increase the
revenue from those able to pay it, and at the
same time adds to the bill these industries
which add to the wealth of the country, I hope
the amendment will be adopted by the com-
mittee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am compelled to oppose
this amendment. In regard to these dress goods
and cloths we have inserted a provision, and
that provision is "if weighing 4 ounces or over
per square yard, 50 cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, 35 per cent, ad valorem." In
proportion to the increase of weight this pro-
portion of ad valorem duty will go up, and will
accomplish the object the gentleman speaks of.
But lie wants by a separate clause in another
part of the bill to add 5 per cent. more. The
committee think it enough; they think the
present rate of duty is quite sufficient under
the act of 1867. I refer the gentleman to page
9 of the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. The amendment of the
committee does not meet the point, and for
this reason: because these goods as they in-
crease in fineness decrease in weight. That is
the point not covered by the provision of the
committee which I wish to cover by this amend-
ment. It is important it should be covered, and
my amendment is for that purpose. Besides,
these fine goods imported here from England
and Germany and sold at a high price, valued
at more than $2 a yard, are composed in great
proportion of this shoddy of which we have
heard so much, that is, of its finer qualities,
and thus in two ways interfere with the success
of our manufactures. I have no doubt that
the intention of the committee was to cover
the whole ground. But they have not done
so, and the small margin I propose will have
that effect.
The question was put on Mr. Jesckes's
amendment; and there were, on a division—
ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the para-
graph by adding at the end thereof, after the
words "ad valorem,'" in the two hundred and
forty-sixth line, the following:
Provided also. That all Brussels carpets of a higher
grade of tapestry carpets shall be liable to a duty of
44 cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto, oi
35 per cent, ad valorem.
I desire, in reply to the gentleman on the
other side of the House [Mr. Brooks, of New
York] who spoke a few minutes ago, to disclaim
any idea that New England, or the interests
of New England, are represented in this bill as
it now stands. One or two—not of the leading
manufacturing interests of New England, but of
the leading manufacturers—may have had the
ear of the Committee of Ways and Means. But
various and diversified interests, owned and
conducted by individual capital, andmanaged
in small establishments, but large and import-
ant in the aggregate, are what constitute the
manufacturers' interest of New England, lhe
object of this amendment is simply to put a,
style of carpets which in all respects stauds
on the same grounds with Brussels carpets
wrought by the Jacquard machine, at the
same duty, and not to reduce them to the duty
which is laid upon tapestry carpets which are
of a lower grade, both as regards the_ skilled
industry and the expense required in their
manufacture. And no reason has been given,
and I think I may safely assert that no good
reason can be given, why this arrangement
should not be made.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to
