1810.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
streets in the said city of "Washington, leaving
a roadway of not less than thirty-five feet in
width in the center of said avenues and streets,
or two such roadways on each side of the park
in the center of the same ; and said corpora-
tion is hereby authorized and empowered to
levy and collect special taxes in such equal and
just manner as said corporation may determ.
itie, in particular wards, parts, or sections of
the city, or upon all property bordering upon
avenues, streets, and alleys, which shall have
been so improved, sufficient in amount to pay
the actual cost thereof: Provided, That noth-
ing herein contained shall be held to apply to
Pennsylvania, Louisiana, and Indiana avenues,
nor to Four-and-a-half street between the City
Hall and Pennsylvania avenue: And pro-
vided further, That nothing in this act shall
authorize the occupancy of any portion of the
public streets or avenues for private purposes.
Approved, April ti, 1870.
Chap. LTV.—An Act declaring the Consent of
Congress to the erection of a Crib in Lake
Erie by the City of Cleveland, Ohio, for the
protection of an Inlet for a Water-Works
Tunnel about to be constructed by said city.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress is hereby given to the city of Cleve-
land, in the county of Cuyahoga and State of
Ohio, to erect and maintain in Lake Erie, at
such distance from the shore thereof as may
be necessary, a crib for the protection of an
inlet shaft for an undertake water-works tun-
nel about to be constructed for the purpose of
supplying said city with pure water: Provided,
That said crib shall be furnished with a beacon-
light, which beacon-light shall be kept lighted
at, all such seasons and hours as the light on
the pier at the entrance of Cuyahoga river.
Approved, April 13, 1870.
Chap. LV.—An Act to supply Deficiencies in
the Appropriations for Salaries of United
States Ministers for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of one hun-
dred and six thousand three hundred and sev-
enty-five dollars be, and hereby is, appropri-
ated to supply a deficiency in the appropriations
for salaries of United States ministers, for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy.
Approved, April 13, 1870.
Chap. LVf.—An Act making Appropriations
to supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That, the following sums,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, for the objects hereinafter
expressed, viz:
treasury department.
For additional pay of twelve watchmen, at
two hundred and twenty dollars each, and
eleven laborers employed in the Treasury De-
partment buildings, at one hundred and twenty
dollars each, for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy, three thousand
nine hundred and sixty dollars.
For additional pay of thirty laborers, at one
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 41.
hundred and twenty dollars each, for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty : Provided, That the pay shall not exceed
seven hundred and twenty dollars each for
said year, three thousand six hundred dollars.
To one of the watchmen acting as lieutenant
of the watch, the sum of two hundred and
eighty dollars, in addition to his pay as watch-
man.
For additional pay of three watchmen and
two laborers in the Navy Department, eight
hundred and thirty dollars.
For additional pay of forty laborers em-
ployed in the Patent Office, at one hundred
and twenty dollars each, four thousand eight
hundred dollars: Provided, That their pay shall
not exceed seven hundred and twenty dollars
each per annum.
For cartage for the House of Representa-
tives, three thousand dollars.
For salaries of officers, clerks, and other
employes in the office of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, thirty thousand dollars.
For pay of assistant engineer from January
first to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, five hundred dollars.
For additional pay of fifteen laborers em-
ployed in the Post Office Department, at one
hundred and twenty dollars each, one thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For additional pay of eleven laborers in the
office of the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post
Office Department, at one hundred and twenty
dollars each, one thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars.
For additional compensation of nine watch-
men in the Post Office Department, at one
hundred and twenty dollars each, one thou-
sand and eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses, copying, binding,
sealing ships' registers, translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and miscellaneous items
for the Treasury Department and its several
bureaus, twelve thousand dollars.
To supplydeficiency in the fund forthe relief
of sick and disabled seamen, one hundred
thousand dollars.
Comptroller of the Currency.
For pay of one clerk of class two, one clerk
of class one, and three female clerks, at nine
hundred dollars each, in his office, seventeen
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-six
cents.
Internal Revenue Bureau.
For rent, dies, paper ; for stamps and inci-
dental expenses, including the costof subscrip-
tions for such number of copies of the "Inter-
nal Revenue Record and Customs Journal" as
the Secretary of the Treasury may deem neces-
sary to supply to revenue officers, three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Abandoned and Captured Property.
For the necessary expenses of defending
suits in the Court of Claims against the United
States, for the proceeds of abandoned and cap-
tured property under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, pursuant to the joint
resolution of March thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, twenty thousand dollars ; and
for the necessary expenses incurred in defend-
ing suits against the Secretary of the Treasury
or his subordinates and agents, in respect to
or growing out of the seizure of such property,
and in prosecuting suits for the recovery of
property claimed to have accrued or belonged
to the United States, growing out of the rebel-
lion or the suppression thereof, and for settling
the accounts of agents employed in recovering
such property, twenty thousand dollars.
public buildings.
For roofing and continuing the work on the
custom-house,,at Cairo, Illinois, ten thousand
dollars.
For roofing and continuing the work on the
custom-house at Detroit, Michigan, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For general repairs ofcustom-house at Savan-
nah, Georgia, fifteen thousand dollars.
For general repairs of custom-house at
Mobile, Alabama, fifteen thousand dollars.
For plastering, iron work, and carpentry on
the custom-house at Portland, Maine, thirty
thousand dollars.
For repairing the custom-house at Richmond,
Virginia, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For paving, grading, and fencing about cus-
tom-house at Ogdensburg, New York, five
thousand dollars.
For paving, curbing, grading, sewerage, and
other work about the court-house and post office
at Springfield, Illinois, the sum. of twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For the purchase of additional land for the
custom-house at Castine, Maine, six hundred
dollars.
For continuing construction, granite and
limestone work, for custom-house, Saint Paul,
Minnesota, twenty-five thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of the money shall be ex-
pended until a contract or contracts shall be
entered into by the proper authorities with the
lowest responsible bidder or bidders for the
completion of the entire building at a sum,
including all moneys already expended in its
construction, not exceeding three hundred
thousand dollars; and the expenditure of any
sum of money in violation of this proviso shall
be deemed unlawful.
For completing the work on the court-house
and post office at Des Moines, Iowa, twenty-
four thousand five hundred and seventy-three
dollars.
For roofing, interior brick work, and plas-
tering of the court-house at Madison, Wiscon-
sin, thirty thousand dollars.
For plastering, iron work, and carpentry for
the court-house at Portland, Maine, twenty
thousand dollars.
For continuing the construction of the build-
ing for court-house and post office in New
York city, one million dollars: Provided, That
no part of this sum beyond the sum of five hun-
dred thousand dollars, or any other sura appro-
priated for this purpose, shall be expended
until a contractor contracts for the completion
of the entire building in conformity with plana
to be approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and Postmaster General, and at all times
under their direction, shall be entered into
with the lowest responsible bidder or bidders,
and for a sum not exceeding three million dol-
lars, including all sums already expended for
that purpose, except that for the site ; and the
expenditure of any sum of money in violation
of this proviso shall be deemed anlawful.
For continuing the work on the building for
post office and sub-Treasury in Boston, Massa-
chusetts, five hundred thousand dollars : Pro-
vided, That no part of this sum, beyond the
sum of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
or any other sumappropriatedforthispurpose,
shall be expended until a contract or contracts
for the completion of the entire building, in
conformity with plans to be approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury and Postmaster
General, and at all times under their direction,
shall be entered into with the lowest responsible
bidder or bidders, and for a sum not exceed-
ing one million five hundred thousand dollars,
including all sums already expended for that
purpose, except that for the site; and the
expenditure of any sum of money in violation
of this proviso shall be deemed unlawful.
For continuing the work, and for granite and
freestone work on the building for branch mint
at San Francisco, California, one hundred aud
fifty thousand dollars.
For construction and repairs ofcustom-housc
at Charleston, South Carolina, and of the
wharves adjacent thereto, and for employment
