1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4487
Mr. BANKS. If there be no objection to
that I will yield.
llr. BINGHAM. I desire to be heard upon
this question for twenty minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make a
suggestion, which perhaps may facilitate an
arrangement.. The arrangement of yesterday
by unanimous consent involves two morning
hours to-morrow. If each of those morning
hours should be closed by the previous question,
that might involve the necessity of four hours'
time being consumed in the two morning hours.
The sessions of the House are now generally
six hours in duration. It would not interfere
with the regular order of business to-morrow,
the House meeting at eleven o'clock, if the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad should take
the floor at one o'clock.
Mr. BANKS. 1 do not wish to embarrass
the House in its business.
The SPEAKER.. Is there objection to the
proposition as stated by the Chair?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Is there anything in the way
but my colleague?
Mr. BANKS. I make no objection, except
to ail evening session.
Mr. DAWES. That is just what I am in-
quiring about.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bakks] is^ntitied to the floor.
Mr. BANKS addressed the House. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BINGTIAM. 1 now move to reconsider
the vote ordering the main question, in order
that I may offer an amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. COX. ITas the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] yielded the floor for that
purpose?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has concluded his remarks and re-
sumed his seat. The motion of the gentleman
from Ohio[Mr.bikgham] is aprivileged motion,
and is in order.
The question was taken upon laying on the
table the motion to reconsider; and upon a
division there were—ayes f>8, noes 65.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Schenck were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 82, noes 77.
Before the result of that vote was announced,
Mr. KELSEY said: Let us have the yeas
and nays on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 82, nays 24, not
voting 54 ; as follows :
YEAS—Mes?rs. Adam", Archer, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey, Banks, Bcatty, Book, Bird, Booker, Bowen,
Boyd, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarke,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Connor, Cox, Crebs,
Wegener, i)ox, Eldridge, Ferriss, Fitch, I ox, O-cstz,
Griswold, Haight, Hamblefcon, JIaraili, Hamilton,
Hawkins,Hay Holman, Ilotchkiss,In?ersoll, John-
son, Julian, Knott, Lewis, Logan, Marshall, May-
ham, McKenzie, McNecly, Milnes, Morpms, Morns-
sey, Mungen. Newsham, Niblack, Paine, Porter,
Potter, Randall, Reeves, Ri-e, Roots, Sanford. bchu-
maker, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Slierrod, Shober,
Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,
Taylor, Tumble, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Wells, Y,'ilkinson, AVinchester,
Wood, and Woodward—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Asper, Atwood, Beam an, Bennett, Benton, Bmgbam,
Blair, GeorgeM. Brooks, Buckley, Buftintou, Buich-
uid, Burdett. Benjamin F. Butler Roderick K-Bu t-
ler Cessna, Churchill, Aiiiasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Dawes, Dickey, JDoekery, Donley, Duval,
Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferry, imkelnburg, lisher,
Garfield, Hale, Harris, Hawley. Hays, Heflin, Hoar,
Hooper, Judd, Ivelloy, Kellogg, Kelsey,ICetcham,
Knapp, Laliin, Lawrence, Maynard, McCprinick,
McCrary, Moflrew, Mcliee, Mereur. Lhakim 11.
Moore. Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Orth, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck. P ercc,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, l'omeroy, Sawyer. Schenck,
John A. Smith. William Sinyih, Starkweather,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong. £affe, Tanner, Till-
man, Twiehell, Tyncr, Upson, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, WelKer, Wheeler,
Willard, John T. Wilson, Winaus, and Witeher—SM.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Barnura, Barry,
Benjamin, Biggs, Boles, Buck, Cake, William T.
Clark, Covodo, Cowlcs, Cullom, Davis. Dickinson,
Dixon, Gibson, Gilfillan, Haldeman, Heaton, Hill,
Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Lash, Loughridge, Lynch, McCarthy,
Morgan, Samuel 1'. Morrill. Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Peters, Prosser, Ridgway, Rogers, Sargent, Scofleld,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Sloeum, William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokos, Stone,
To wnsend, Voorhees, Wallace, Whitmore, Williams,
and Eugene M. Wilson— 54.
So the motion to lay oil the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. COX. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to inquire what
effect upon the business before the IIouso
would be produced by an adjournment at this
time ?
The SPEAKER. The effect of an adjourn-
ment. now would be to place the pending re-
port from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
at the bottom of the business upon the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. May I inquire when it
would probably be again reached ?
The SPEAKER. Some time after the air-
line railroad bill shall be reached, which is on
the Speaker's table. [Great laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Supposing that would
be the result, and knowing where the air-line
railroad bill was, I wanted gentlemen to under-
stand that a motion to adjourn at this time is
inimical to action on this subject.
Mr. COX. As the gentleman is on the
air-line now, I will withdraw my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew the
motion.
Mr. LOGAN. And on it I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas G2, nays 11-1, not voting
54; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Amos. Armstrong, Asper, At-
wood, Beaman, Bennett, Blair, Buckley, Buffinton,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Da wos, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery. Donley, Duval, Dyer, Kla, Farnswortn,
Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Garfield, Hale, Harris, Ilays,
Heflin, Hill, Jlllinn. Kelsey, Knapp, Lawrence, May-
nard McGrew. Eliakiw 11. Moore, William Moore,
Orth, Paine, Palmer. Peck, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Sawyer, Schenck, Johu A. Smith, Tan-
ner Upson, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Welker, Wheeler, "Willard, John T.Wilson, Winans,
and Witeher— C2.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Arnell, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beatty, Beck,
Benton, Bingham, Bird, Booker, Bowen, Loyd,
(xeorso JSi. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Burchard,
Buidelt, Burr, Calkin, "William T. Clark, Sidney
fil i 1 . Hz-iKk <"*/•  Knrn flnnrrpr
burg, JJitoii, i1os, uerz, unsworn, xx.u^utr, xiitmui,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hoan Ilolman,
Hooper. Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd. Kel-
lcy, Kellogg. Kotcham, Knott, Lallui, Lewis, Logan,
Marshall, Mavhom, MeCormick, McCrary.MeK.ee,
McKenzic, McXcoly, Mcrcur, Milnes, Jesse It.
Moore, Morphia, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey,
Muugen, Ncwsliam, Nibiack, Packard, Packer,
Perce Porter, Potter, P„andall, lieeves. llicc, lioots,
Sanlord, Schumaker, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Sher-
rod. Shober, Joseph S. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stiles, Stoughton, Strailer, Strick-
land, Stron?, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor, irimblo,
Twiehell, Tyner, Van Auken, V an Horn, Ward,
Wells, "Wilkinson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—114.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Barnum, Benjamin,
Biggs, Boies, Cake, Covode, Cowles, Davis, Dickin-
son, Eldridge, Gibson, Gillillan, Haldeman, Ham-
bleton, Heaton, Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones. Xverr, Lash, Loughrulge, Lynch,
McCarthy, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Neg-
ley, O'Neill, Peters, Prosser, Kidftway, ltogers,
Sargent, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sloeum, \v ll-
liam J. Smith, Worthinsrton C. Smith, btevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stone, TatTe, Tillman, Townsend,
Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace, William B. Wash-
burn, Whitmore, Williams, and Eugene ul. Wil-
son—54.
So the tnolion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Biitg-
nam, 3 to reconsider the vote whereby the main
question was ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
On the motion to reconsider, there were—
ayes 88, noes 70.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the pend-
ing substitute reported by the minority of the
committee by striking out all after the resolv-
ing clause and inserting the following, which
is the third section of the resolution reported
by the majority, omitting the words "and re-
quested:"
That the President is hereby authorized to remon-
strate against tho barbarous manner in which the
war in Cuba has been conducted, and, if he shall
deem it expedient, to solicit tho cooperation of other
Governments in such measures-as ho may deem
necessary to secure from both contending parties
an observance of tho laws of war recognized by all
civilized nations.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The President is very
likely to do that; very.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, is it in order
for me to move an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the previous
question should not be seconded.
The previous question was seconded; there
being—ayes 79, noes 55.
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] to the resolution reported
by the majority of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. It will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out at the end of the second section of the
resolution thesowords: "shall bo construed toapply
equally to each of tho parties in the existing contest
between the people of Cuba and the Government of
Spam,5' and, by inserting aditional words, make tho
section read as follows:
Skc. 2. And be it further remlved, thai, all provis-
ions of the statute approved 20th of April, 181S, enti-
tled "An act in addition to the act for the punish-
ment of certain crimes against the United States,
and to repeal the acts therein mentioned," shall be
so construed as to givo to both contending parties
the same advantages of intercourse and trade with
the United States, consistent with the law of nations,
which have been or maybe accorded to the Govern-
ment of Spain.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 59, noes 80.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays ware ordered.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, whatwill be the
effect of the adoption of a motion to adjourn
at this stage ?
The SPEAKER. The posture of the ques-
tion has been entirely changed by the fact that
the agreement of yesterday has been recon-
sidered. The main question being now ordered
anew, the subject will go over till to-morrow
morning as unfinished business if the House
should now adjourn.
Mr. PITCH. Will this question have pre-
cedence of everything else ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up immedi-
ately after the reading of the J ournal, and will
take precedence of everything else.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at seven
o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees: . . „ .
By Mr. CALKIN: A petition of citizens of
New York city, for a uniform rate of sixteen
cents per pound on manufactured tobacco and
SI1JBy Mr. CLARK, of Texas; Petitions of
