1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
by the pension agent, very few of them. The
pensioners are told by the attorneys and claim
agents that they must employ an intermediate
person to prepare the vouchers in order to in-
sure the payment of the pension, and the result
is that more than three fourths of all the vouch-
ers .are made out by outside parties, for which
they get a fee varying from five to fifteen dol-
lars. In some instances that have come to the
knowledge of the committee as much as fif-
teen dollars for each semi-annual payment are
charged by these attorneys and paid by the
pensioners.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire in this connection
to say that the pension agent residing at
Canandaigua, in the State of New York, has
acted in accordance with the provisions of this
bill for the last two years. He has been in the
habit of preparing these vouchers and sending
them to the pensioners who receive their pen-
sions at his office; and that has been done at
an expense of only about forty cents to each
pensioner who receives a pension at that office,
unless the pensioner himself rejected the
voucher sent by the pension agent and em-
ployed some one else to get it up for him. I
am entirely satisfied that this system is the best
that can be adopted, the most convenient and
the cheapest for the pensioner.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me say further in
reference to the pension agent at Canandaigua,
with whom I had an interview in regard to this
bill, that he told me he had been in the habit
of sending out prepared vouchers for pensions
payable at his agency; that a large amount of
the vouchers sent out by him were rejected by
pensioners, under the advice of attorneys in
that vicinity, and in some instances destroyed
and other vouchers prepared by outside parties
and sent to him.
Another thing in connection with this matter
is this: when the agent sends out these vouchers,
as is done by the Canandaigua agent, he charges
to the pensioner the postage upon the voucher
sent out and the certificate returned, amount-
ing to nine cents each. That charge is abolished
by the provisions of this bill, and the Govern-
ment pays that expense.
Mr. MAYNARD. I like this bill and I
think its provisions are very wise, and it strikes
me, upon examination, as a better scheme
than the one intimated by my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] to bring the pensioner face to
face with his money.
One great trouble with our pension system
has been that before the pensioner can get the
bounty which the law designs he shall receive,
he is met by divers middle men, who contrive
on the one hand and on the other to fleece him
oat of a very considerable portion. What I
desire is that the pensioner, upon going to the
pension office or receiving from the pension
office a voucher, shall get the money that the
law intends to be given to him for the services
upon ■which the pension is based.
In accordance with a suggestion that has been
made to me 1 will modify the amendment I have
already indicated, so as to strike out all of the
fourth section down to the word "any," in the
sixth line, and amend the remainder of the
section so as to read:
That any pension agent or other person who shal],
directly or indirectly, take or receive or demand any
compensation for such service shall forfeit and pay
the sum of $500 for cach offense, to be recovered by
indictment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
I would cut up by the roots the whole of this
business; I would take away all temptation
from these claim agents, these officious friends
who oftentimes take advantage of the ignor-
ance of the pensioner to extort? very consid-
erable sums, amounting, as I know, in one
instance, to ten dollars for collecting a pension
of less than fifty dollars. I submit to my friend
from Missouri, the chairman of the commit-
tee who reported this bill, that the commis-
sions paid to pension agents under the existing
law are ample compensation for their services.
Let this duty be superadded as one of their
official obligations. I hope the gentleman will
assent to the amendment I have suggested.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, this ques-
tion as to the fee of forty cents was fully in-
vestigated by the committee upon consultation
with the Commissioner of Pensions and the
Secretary of the Interior, in regard to the man-
ner in which the fee should be paid or whether
it should be paid at all.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Law-
rence] is wrong when he says that these pen-
sion agents receive $7,000 a year. The law
expressly prescribes that under no circum-
stances shall the salary of any pension agent
exceed $4,000. In most instances this sum
includes clerk-hire, office-rent, and all the in-
cidental expenses connected with the office.
I will give the gentleman an instance. The
pension agent in the city of St. Louis—and he
does not disburse by any means the largest
amount that is disbursed by these agencies—
gets $4,000 a year. Out of this sum he is
obliged to pay five clerks the year round, in
addition to his office rent and other incidental
expenses. Under the law as it now stands the
pension agent disbursing the smallest afnount
receives practically the largest compensation,
after the deduction of clerk-hire and other
expenses.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me a question?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is not the time during
which payments are made limited to a short
period occurring twice in each year ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is limited to three
hundred and sixty-five days in each year; for,
as the gentleman well knows, these vouchers
are coming in not only in the months of March
and September but all through the year. The
pensioner does not by any means come and get
his pension in every instance as soon as it
becomes due; so that the pension agent must
be on hand with his force at all periods of the
year. The agent who disburses two or three
hundred thousand dollars in a year may be able
to get along with two or three clerks employed
during three or four months in each year; but
pension agents disbursing the larger amounts,
running up in some instances to eight or ten
hundred thousand dollars, must employ their
clerks constantly.
Now, I am satisfied that these agents must
be paid this fee ; and if we strike out of this
bill the provision for its payment, the aggre-
gate of these fees must be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to me
a moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. I desire to call attention to
the fact that it has been shown before the
Committee on Appropriations that under the
present system the pension agents are wholly
unable to discover the frauds that are perpe-
trated upon them. We have, forinstance, this
fact, that there are eight hundred and sixty or
eight hundred and eighty widows of revolu-
tionary soldiers now drawing pensions, all
of whom were married before the year 1800,
and only one death occurred in that whole
number during the last year! All drawing
pensions as the widows of revolutionary sol-
diers, and only one death during the _ last
year, although they were all married sixty-
nine years ago! The Commissioner of Pen-
sions reports to the House that he is satisfied
there are frauds upon the Government in
reference to the payment of pensions, and
he calls for an appropriation of $60,000,
§45,000 of which he declares to be neces-
sary for the purpose of investigating and ex-
posing the perpetration of frauds upon the
Pension Office. My idea is that, if you will
appoint the postmaster in each county and
make it his duty to report all cases of false
personation, marriage and death of widows,
you will save millions of dollars annually over
the present system.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
the facts reported by our committee, and I
trust the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Kelsey,] or the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrence,] will state them to the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In reply to what has
been said by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] and the gentleman from Ohio",
[Mr. Lawrence,] that the mode indicated by
them has been considered at the Department
of the Interior, I wish to submit one or two
remarks. If those gentlemen will consider
for one moment and analyze this work, I am
satisfied they will not urge its adoption by the
House. Assistant assessors are not officers
appointed by the Interior Department, but
they are officers under the Treasury Depart-
ment, while the payment of pensions is under
the Interior Department; aud beside that,
these assistant assessors give no bonds, be-
cause they disburse no money at the present
time. In order to make them disbursing offi-
cers, the Interior Department will have to take
hold of them and require them to give bonds
for the faithful disbursement of the pension-
money intrusted to their keeping. And not
only that; but in addition the Interior De-
partment must be given some control over
these ^officers who, under the law as it now
stands, are appointed for the benefit of the
Treasury Department alone. They are not
now appointed by the Interior Department.
They are not responsible to the InteriorDepart-
ment, and it would be an anomaly in legisla-
tion to>" provide that a subordinate officer should
render his accounts in part, or to have his
conduct subject to the control of the heads
of two separate and distinct Departments of
the Government. Gentlemen must know that
the thing is not at all practicable.
More than that, these assistant assessors have
a large extent of country to go over, and the
duties they are now called upon to discharge
necessarily occupy the most of their time.
This being the case, when are they to pay these
pensions? Beyond that, under the present sys-
tem the pensioner must be paid at a particular
locality, at a particular office, and if he removes
from one locality to another the place for the
payment of his pension is changed. He is
placed upon the pension-roll of the pension
agent near his new home. We know that these
pensioners arc constantly removing from one
county to another, and from one State to an-
other, and that they must be transferred from
one place of payment to another. Then another
difficulty attends it, that these assistant assess-
ors' districts are undergoing constant changes,
of course with the approval of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. There would then,
of course, be constant confusion.
These parties by the gentleman's provision
are all made disbursing officers of the Govern-
ment. The pension fund'is large, amounting
now to some thirty million dollars, and we are
to place that amount, according to the provis-
ion of the gentleman, for disbursement in the
hands of these assistant assessors. The gen-
tleman says not. Let us see where I am mis-
taken.
Mr. LAWRENCE. 1 think I can satis-
factorily answer every objection the gentleman
has made. He says this matter has been con-
sidered at the Interior Department. He does
not inform us what conclusions the Interior
Department came to. I will tell him that this n
subject is not discussed in the report of the
Secretary of the Interior at all; but it was dis-
cussed in the report of the former Secretary of
the Interior a few years ago, who recommended
payment through the money-order post offices.
So much for the authority of the Interior De-
partment.
Then the gentleman says thattheseassessors
districts are changed frequently. Very well;
I would give to the Commissioner of i ensions
the discretion to employ assessors, collectors,
