1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3543
his pay (larger than the admiral's) with which
to entertain. The order of Secretary Welles
was acquiesced in by Congress, and regular
specific appropriations on estimates made
under it, showing that it was intended by those
who effected the repeal of the second section
of the act of March 3. 1835, and by succeeding
Congresses, that it should somewhat equalize
the pay of the officers of the Navy with that of
the Army; which, however, it does not do by a
great deal. This fact of congressional action
answers the assertion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] that it was in defiance
of Congress. The Army has always received
greater pay than the Navy, although its officers
are most of the time home with their families
and have but one mess bill to pay. If the per-
centage is cut off, the Navy should at once be
put on a footing with the Army. If this is not
done the whole service will be deranged, aud
the best officers will endeavor to find another
field in which they can at least find a respectable
subsistence. I presume there is no intention
to do injustice in this matter. I do not believe
there is a voter in the country that would have
our naval officers meanly paid. The country
certainly will not sanction any policy that is
dictated by personal prejudice, and injures all
for revenge oiua few.
I pass from the details of this bill to the
theory of it, &s explained by the gentleman who
reports it. With all deference to my friend,
it seems to me his ideas are very crude, and
display a limited knowledge of the subject.
While he would let naval vessels rot on the
stocks he wishes to use the money to promote
a policy that more properly belongs to com-
merce, namely, building ocean mail steam-
ships that can be converted into vessels of war
in case we should ever be involved in hostilities.
While it may be well to promote the interests
of commerce, the money to maintain a decent
Navy should not be taken for such a purpose.
England subsidizes steamers to carry its mails,
but it does not neglect its navy to do it. We
cannot wait until a war breaks out to utilize
steamships, and go without a Navy in the mean
time. We must have something on which to
hoist our flag in foreign ports, and make a show
of force, though it may be of an inferior kind.
Our flag carries a moral force with it, though
it may be hoisted on a tug. This must be so,
or we should have long since been ridden over
by nations weaker than ourselves, but provided
with a more powerful navy. I admit much
that has been said about the insufficiency of
our naval ships; bnt that is only a Btronger
reason why we should give every dollar that is
asked to build np our Navy on correct prin-
ciples—not on the principles of ocean steam
service. The ocean steamers of the mercantile
marine, if we get them, we will use in case of
necessity as adjuncts, with which we will play
the same game on English commerce which
the gentleman from Wisconsin supposes that
the English will play on us in case of war.
But the question is not now of a mercantile
marine; it is whether we shall save the ships
now lying at the docks, or resting on the stocks,
liable to decay. Some of them, it is true, are
not fit for naval purposes in their present con-
dition, but it has been found that a majority
of them can be converted into useful vessels.
The day of wooden ships as naval cruisers is
not over. Iron ships may be preferable for
the mercantile marine, but it is cheaper to
build wooden cruisers, if not heavy fighting
ships, for the Navy. The ships now on the
stocks and required to be launched are a good
class of vessels, and can be adapted to the
new principles by which ships that have here-
tofore been considered of little value have
been made useful to the Navy. The Secretary
does not ask that a large amount be appropri-
ated to finish useless ships, but does desire to
get enough money to launch vessels of fine
model that can be made immediately service-
able while the gentleman from Wisconsin is
considering the future policy of the Govern-
ment. In, no country in the world do legis-
lators undertake the duty of planning and
building naval vessels. That is left to naval
officers, constructors, and engineers, who keep
pace with the improvements in ship building,
ordnance, and steam machinery. I agree with
the gentleman that we should not rely on the
vessels we now possess for future emergencies,
but should give the Navy Department the
means of placing the service in a proper con-
dition.
The gentleman from Wisconsin is mistaken
when he says that the number of vessels is
greater than before the war. Before the rebel-
lion almost every vessel that we had in the Navy
was a good one of its kind. We had some very
heavy ships, and our steam frigates were supe-
rior to those of every other nation. The fight
of the Monitor and Merrimac was the death-
blow to the wooden navy of Great Britain, and
in a measure depreciated our own. Many of
our best ships were burned at their anchors
by the rebels. A number were otherwise de-
stroyed, and some were changed into iron- clads.
When the war ended many useless vessels were
sold out of the Navy, and now the actual num-
ber of serviceable vessels is very small. Our
Navy list is filled with vessels that will never
go iuto service. Thirty-three of them are small
steam-tugs, used only about navy-yards and in
harbor duty, and carry no guns. Twenty-four
are vessels originally intended as monitors,
but were condemned as soon as built, as they
would not float with their guns mounted.
Some of them would not bear their turrets.
Eighteen are wooden vessels, some condemned
and used as receiving-ships, others as store-
ships and school-ships. Fifteen are paddle-
wheel steamers, some of which are used up
and laid up in ordinary; they will probably be
sold out of the Navy. Some ten other iron-
clads have been so used up in battle and are
so out of repair that they will soon be sold for
old iron. Three vessels of the Wampanoag
class will never be worth anything, no money
will ever be spent on them, and they will be
sold to the highest bidder. Thus we have, it
appears, one hundred and three vessels on the
Navy list—hulks, tugs, store-ships, and school-
ships—without guns and not available for war
purposes, leaving but eighty-two serviceable
war vessels. Of these eighty-two serviceable
war vessels we have thirty-five wooden vessels
and four iron-clads in commission; the rest
are under repair or laid up. It is for these latter
that money is required in the department of
construction, to enable relief ships to be sent
out when the three years' cruising is up of the
vessels now in commission.
The policy of encouraging the building of
ocean steamers is recognized on all sides; but
it is not the policy of any Government to rely
on them altogether. We have no such swift
steamers as those of the Cunard line ; neither
has any other navy; and while we may reason-
ably hope to beat the vessels that have here-
tofore composed our Navy, we shall have to
be content with making that improvement
without going further. Ships with heavy guns
and masts cannot compete in speed with swift
merchant steamers lightly rigged; neither can
light merchant steamers bear the shock of
heavy guns.  
Before concluding I wish to allude to another
matter, which, perhaps, ought not to have been
lugged into this debate. I allude to the unjust
and unwarrantable strictures that have been ut-
tered in regard to Vice Admiral Porter by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] and the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn.]
The latter gentleman admits the reforms that
have been introduced into the Navy, and praises
the economy that has characterized its recent
administration; but he accompanies his ad-
missions with remarks that sound strangely in
the mouth of a Republican member against the
officer who has done much to aid in the reforms
in question.
I am not surprised at the tirade of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] against an
officer who did so much in the Navy to prevent
the fulfillment of his prophegjes that tho Re-
public was hopelessly divided; but it was rea-
sonable to expect that the gentleman from
Wisconsin would do justice to a gallant naval
officer, and a promoter of the economy in the
Navy which he praises. Perhaps his allusion
to Vice Admiral Porter should have more than
a passing notice from the semi-official charac-
ter of the utterance. If Secretary Welles had
availed himself of the advice of such an auxil-
iary the complaint of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, that our Navy does not contain the
kind of ships that it should, considering the
amount of money that has been expended on
it during the last eight years, would have less
foundation. I admit that the close of the war
should have found us in possession of one of
the most efficient navies in the world.
Of course, the fact that we have not all the
ships we should have is not the fault of the
present Navy Department, which, when it came
into office, found not one vessel that could be
sent to sea. Why was this? It was because
Secretary Welles, with his eight years of naval
experience, knew no more of the service when
he left than when he went into the Depart-
ment. When his First Assistant Secretary, who
had been partially educated in the Navy, left
him he depended on a civilian as Assistant
Secretary who knew nothing practically of
naval affairs. The naval element in the Depart-
ment was altogether ignored, and the whole
machine fell into disorder. It would have
finally gone to ruin if Welles and his party
had not left it. The Navy was at a low ebb
when Welles did leave it, and could only be
resuscitated by some expert. The President
employed one who had been connected with
every department of the service for many years,
always T>n active duty, in command of our
largest fleets during the war, and who knew
all the defects and wants of the Navy, and
could take hold at once and aid the Secretary
in setting the establishment in order. The
very officer of whom the gentleman from
Wisconsin speaks so ungenerously has given
his whole time to assist the Secretary of the
Navy, himself an able and thorough officer, in
bringing about the reforms of which our Navy
stands so ibuch in need ; and never before in
the history of the Navy has there been so much
efficiency, system, economy, and responsibility
as at the present time. The gentleman from
Wisconsin admits this, while he alludes to the
officer in question as "an irresponsible party
who stands between the Secretary and the
bureaus." No man is irresponsible who is
assigned; to a position by order of the Presi-
dent, who has ample authority for employing
a naval officer in any naval capacity. The
aspersion strikes the President as much as it
does the Vice Admiral.
The result of the President's order assigning
a naval officer to assist the Secretary of the
Navy has been the evolving of order from con-
fusion, the introduction of a proper working
of all parts of the machine, and at this very
moment, with all the ships that are afloat and
being put in order, the Navy is carried on at
one half the expense incurred in the last year
of the late Administration. Ships that have
been considered worthless have by a proper
application of steam and sail power to their
hulls been made efficient as regards their steam-
ing and sailing qijblities. It was not in the
power of man to improve the carrying capacity
of these vessels, and therefore their batteries
remain of few guns. Some of those1 fine old
frigates, which were wont to be our pride, were
found to be going to pieces. These have been
taken in hand and refitted. Our ships are again
getting to be what they were once, the pride
of the ocean, and can go where they please
without the aid of steam, reserving their coal
until times of necessity. I should^ not have
thought it necessary to say so much in vindica-
tion of the officer whose energy and profes-
