1870.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1655
but it is just as probable that an equal number
would accept prompt payment and close an
account regarded, while the solidity of the
L'nioii was a fact undetermined, as somewhat
of a hazardous risk. If, then, the Secretary of
the Treasury, who has by his efficiency and
integrity already largely won the confidence of
the country, shall be able to exchange the
awouut of live per cent, bonds authorized by
the present bill, so far he will be entitled to
public gratitude; but I cannot persuade myself
that he will find it practicable to do more than
this, and I must, with my convictions of duty,
vote for any amendment which will place the
rate of interest on the entire loan at one and
the same standard, not believing that anything
less will command success. I should deeply
regret the failure of any loan offered by the
United States. A suitor once rejected is liable
ever after to be undervalued. A loan once
refused drops into the second class and loses
all prestige.
We have wisely thus far so fixed the terms
of our loans as to hold within a short period
the option of their redemption or non-r&demp-
tion, while payment could not be demanded
for a much longer period. If our credit has
improved we can now avail ourselves of the
tact. It may in no long time further improve,
as it ought to rank as the best in the world,
and therefore the same policy should be still
pursued, that we may hereafter take advantage
of our improved credit. It may be some time
ere the United States can find a lodgment for
a large loan at less than five per cent. I think
it will be some time; but the time may come,
though it has not now, and we should be pre-
pared to reap its advantages by not offering
an extremely long loan which might now be
declined if the rate of interest should be fixed
at four or even four and a half per cent.
We cannot alter the sentiments of the world.
Liberal principles of government are indeed
rapidly progressing in Europe. To be a repub-
lican is no longer regarded as necessarily to
be a rascal; but the money-lenders there are
almost exclusively and unflinchingly imperial
or monarchical in their principles and preju-
dices. The Rothschilds, Goldsmiths, and the
Barings put their trust in princes and not in
democracy. It is useless to disguise these
facts. A revolution there may dethrone an
emperor, or decapitate a king, bat the succes-
sion to the empire or to the kingdom always
succeeds to the natioual debt. The bouse of
Eanover pays the debt of the Stuarts; Alexan-
der pays that of Paul; Napoleon first that of
the bourbons; the Bourbons that of Napoleon
first; and Napoleon last again pays that of the
Bourbons. Money in Europe leans toward and
has most faith in an aristocracy, and has none
whatever in universal suffrage. It does not
believe in the honor of a voter to discharge an
honest debt if he can evade it by a negative
ballot. Time alone can vindicate the integrity
of republics, and show that demagogues are
as powerless in America as dukes soon will be
in Europe. We must aocept facts as we find
them. At present a loan offered by Prussia,
France, or perhaps by Russia, can be nego-
tiated on as good and perhaps better terms
than any loan which might be offered by the
great American Republic. Our opinion, of
them will not change their opinion of as.
It is unfortunately true that the Democratic
party has done much, intentionally or other-
wise, to impair the creditof the Government, by
claiming that the interest-bearing debt should
be paid off in other paper bearing no interest,
or that the public debt should be scaled or
taxed or repudiated. Supposed party neces-
sities have placed some portion of the Demo-
cratic party in a position no less at war with
its ancient renown than with the present honor
of our country. The Democratic party has
always been foremost until 1861, wherever it
conceived the honor of the country involved,
to make war and war debts. It also under
the administration of General Jackson claimed
the credit for the unprecedented fact, peerless
among nations, of having paid off the last dol-
lar of the national debt, it is lamentable that
a party with such a history should seek, if it
has sought at any time, to thrive at the expense
of the public credit. Whether this attitude
has been necessary in order to restore to its
bosom the host of their flesh and bone lately
in rebellion may not be unquestioned. But it
is not to be questioned that the attitude has
been most damaging to the party in the North.
Business men, as well as the honest yeomanry
of the country, could not be dragged and never
will be dragged into the support of aparty organ-
ized to pollute the integrity of the country or to
cripple its future credit. Thatcredit is essential
to its standing among nations, essential to its
administrative economy, pnd essential to the
mastery in the future of all wicked rebellions.
What the country has already done is some
proof of what it will do. The American peo-
ple are emphatically a debt-paying people.
They are nearly all land-holders, and do not
believe in perpetual mortgages. The position
we occupy as the leading Republic of the
world, the position our nation holds in the in-
dustry and commerce of the world, the posi-
tion our people occupy among mankind, all
guaranty the punctilious fulfillment of every
national obligation. Thus far we have sur-
prised our friends as well as a hostile and an
unbelieving world. The credit of a country is
"a plant of slow growth," and depends not
only upon its ability to pay, but its honest pur-
pose to pay. Our own people do not doubt our
ability to pay, whether others do or not; but
those who have money to lend will not lend un-
less they have implicit faith in both the ability
; and purpose to pay. It is useless to parade our
! present wealth, or to utter magnificent prophe-
; cies about resources, developed or undevel-
oped. The amount of revenue collected and
i straightway devoted to the liquidation of out-
| stauding national obligations is our surest
foundation of public credit. Here, indeed,
the American people are strong. Having by
taxation more than trebled our revenue, and
paid of extraordinary expenses while the war
raged millions of dollars; having paid as
part of the eost of the war in the four
years, from 1866 to 1870, succeeding the war
$1,081,341,065, and in the year just closed
having paid of debt over eighty-seven mil-
lions—really, $105,830,211, according to a
statement 1 have just received from the Treas-
ury—besides interest and all the swollen current
expenses of the Government—it would seem,
having done all this, that a republican Govern-
ment of a republican people might hold up its
head and betruBted, and that it had fully vindi-
cated its character for probity and punctuality.
But we have a popular Government, subject to
popular vicissitudes, and the query is whether
any change of parties or personnel will bring
any disaster upon the credit of the country at
home or abroad. If the patriotism of the
Democratic party would step forth and free
the country of doubt on this point it might
save the country some millions of taxes. For-
tunately, however, any party occupying a
doubtful position on this point can no more
command than deserve success.
It is plain to us that our credit ought to be
the best among nations, but it is equally plain
that it is not yet so rated in the markets of the
world. France, Great Britain, Belgium, the
Netherlands, Denmark, Bavaria, Greece,
Spain, Brazil, and Turkey all owe very large
national debts, and not one of them has any
appreciable revenne in excess of ordinary an-
nual expenditure to appropriate to the pay-
ment of any part of their respective debts.
In other words, they have no surplus beyond
the daily cost of their governmental machin-
ery. Every acre of land has the fullest meas-
ure of taxation ; every resource, far and wide,
is pressed to supply the absolute requirements
of to-day, but with no out-look for any relief
arising from any present or future diminution
of their public debts. These are, to all ap-
pearances, lashed to their backs forever. It
seems to be enough to satisfy their creditors
that public debts shall only increase in time
of war. But even this low standard is hardly
reached by Austria, Italy, Portugal, or by
Mexico, whose annual expenditures all exceed
their revenues, and yet, with national debts
already unwieldy, they continue annually to
augment the amount. Is it surprising that we
should wonder how such Governments can
successfully, or even at all, compete with the
United States in the financial marts of the
world for credit?
I have endeavored to show that while the
middle classes abroad regard Americans with
some favor, yet that the money-bags, held by
. a different class, are not swiftly untied when
i we ask to be trusted. The preference is nat-
; urally given to home Governments, and these
furnish abundant opportunity for the absorp-
■ tion of nearly all of their not otherwise em-
! ployed capital. Railroad enterprises, girding
the earth with bands of steel, seem to be sud-
; denly swallowing up the wealth of the world.
| The rate of interest, in consequence, has every-
i where been recently advanced, although always
! comparatively somewhat lower in Europe than
in America. Interest on money in a new coun-
i try, if a thriving one, must alwayB be greater
than in an old one that is comparatively sta-
tionary in its growth. An unfluctuating but
high rate of interest is one of the surest evi-
dences of the prosperity of any country; no
other country can afford it. Some enterprises
| it may forbid, but there are many more which
it invites, or the rate could not be maintained.
As capital increases, however, the rate of inter-
est must fall, and with every increase of cap-
j ital labor will obtain more than a relative
j advantage; but in America the rate of interest
must for a long time continue much higher
than in Europe. It is no reproach that higher
interest is paid in Illinois than in New York,
or higher in California than in Illinois. The
fertility of business, like that of the soil, is
greater ;n a new State than in an old and
exhausted one.
But let us look over the map of the world
and see what it costs other nations to get their
national debts carried. It should be noticed
that although the nominal rate of interest is in
some instances less than we now pay or than
we propose to pay, yet the loans have been
issued often at much less than par, so that in
fact a higher rate is annually paid, besides a
very large bonus to be paid when the debt ma-
tures. Instead of that, our policy is and has
been to issue no loan at less than par. We
exact in hand every dollar we promise to pay.
I will quote the prices of stocks as reported in
London, February 11, 1870:
The Argentine Government issued in 1868 a
six per cent, loan at 72J, which now sells for
85£ to 86£, or 85J asked and 86J offered. Bra-
zil issued at 88 a loan in 1863 at four and a
half per cent., which now sells at only 76 to
78. Chili issued a six per cent, loan in 1867
at 84, which bow brings 96J to 97£. Egypt
issued a seven per cent, loan in 1868 at 75,
which brings 76f to 77£. Italy issued a five
per cent, loan in 1865 at 77^, which now sells
at 85 to 87; though her five per cent, loan of
1861 sells for only 83J to 84. Portugal issued
a three per cent, loan in 1867 at 38J, which
now sells at 32J to 33 J. Russia, in 1862, issued
a five per cent, loan at 94, which now sells at
85 to 86. Austrian five per cent, loans bring
only 49 to 50. The sterling five per cent, of
Massachusetts, sometimes regarded as the
cream among American securities, sells for 88
to 92; and recently the State utterly failed to
find any parties who would take at par a Massa*
