1870.
THE CCXN"GKESSIOKA.L GLOBE.
5431
several Senators, and I fear that I shall lose
the opportunity of passing my own bill. There
is no one to whom I would sooner yield than
to my friend from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. This will only take a
moment.
Mr. SPENCER.. 1 appeal to the Senator
from Nebraska to allow me to take up Senate
bill No. 878.
Mr. THAYER. One at a time. If, when
twelve o'clock arrives, I cai> be allowed to
finish my bill, I will consent to yield to the
Senator from Pennsylvania and the Senator
from Alabama, on condition that their bills do
not lead to debate.
Mr. CAMERON. Mine will not take a word
of debate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that is to be done I
wish to have a bill considered also.
Mr. THAYER. I understand there is objec-
tion to that, and I must therefore insist upon
my bill.
Mr. CAMERON. There is no objection to
mine.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not think mine will
lead to debate.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
jcction to the proposition of the Senator from
Nebraska, that if he yields now, when the hour
of twelve o'clock arrives, his bill shall not be'
completed, it shall be allowed to be finished?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shall insist on the pas-
sage of a bill also.
Mr. THAYER. Then I insist on going on
with my own bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
510) granting land to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa, to Colum-
bus, Nebraska.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Moiuull,] to
Strike out the proviso in the first section allow-
ing the company to go outside the limits to
wake up deficiencies.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Nebraska will allow that proviso to
be stricken out without debate I shall not say
anything; otherwise I will say a few words
upon it.
Mr. THAYER. That puts me in a very
unpleasant position. The amendment which
the Senator proposes makes the bill worthless
really, because the lands along the line are
taken up, and this proviso is to provide indem-
nity for the deficiencies. This road cannot get,
under any circumstances, one hundred thou-
sand acres of land. I hope the Senator will
let the bill pass in the usual form, and will not
exhaust the whole morning hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of'Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, a very large number of grants of lands
for railroads have been made in Nebraska, I
think myself altogether too many, for this rea-
son, that they are made altogether in advance
of settlement, and for years they must remain
as unpaying and unprofitable institutions, ex-
cept from the land that they receive. Now
this bill is foralongroad, commencing atSioux
City and running to the one hundredth meridian
of longitude, as 1 understand.
Mr. THAYER. It is runs over one hundred
miles. Columbus is one hundred and fifty
miles this side of the one hundredth meridian.
The Senator is mistaken entirely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Itruns so close
to other roads to which lands have been do-
nated that there are not lands to be given to
it, and therefore it is necessary to go beyond
the limits of ordinary railroad grants in order
to obtain these lands; and going beyond the
limits of the ordinary railroad grants, it will be
seen that the reason which is usually applied
in favor of giving lands to railroads does not
apply at all. The reason that is usually urged in
behalf of railroad land grants is that every other
section may be doubled in price ; but so far as
that object is concerned, it has been obtained
by donating lands to other and prior railroads.
This comes in running to some extent on a
parallel line, and it is necessary to go entirely
outside of the limits of the grant in order to get
these lands. I do not desire to prevent the
Senator from Nebraska from passing his bill,
but I ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I ask that the amendment
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the following proviso in the
first section:
Provided, That in lieu of such lands embraced in
this act as maybe entered, sold, claimed, or reserved
for any purpose whatever, before tlie same takes
effect the company be allowed to select other odd-
numbered sections within twenty miles of the line
which they may adopt.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bucking-
ham, Casscrly, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Harlan,
Harris. Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Schurz, Scott,
Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wil-
ley—2'>.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Colo,
Conkling, Corbett, Drake, Gilbert, Howard, Kellogg,
McDonald. Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomcroy, Ram-
sey, liice. Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Spencer, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Carpen-
ter, Cattell, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Howe, Lewis,Norton,Patterson,Pool,ltevels, Snuls-
bury, Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, andWarner—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Lincoln is before the Senate.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senate to take a
vote on this railroad bill.
Mr. SUMNER. If it can be done by pass-
ing over the regular order informally, and will
not occupy long, I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Nebraska ; and the consideration of the
bill called up by him will be continued as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. At the end of the first
section I want to insert a provision that these
indemnity lands alia.ll be under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior and subject to his
approval.
Mr. THAYER. I agree to that.
Mr. POMEROY. My amendment is to add
to the proviso, at the close of the first section,
the words "under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior and subject to his approval."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. Then at the end of the
second section I move to insert:
Provided, Such settlements are made after the
withdrawal of the lands by said Secretary.
That is, the $2 50 shall not apply until after
-the lands have been withdrawn.
Mr. THAYER. T have no objection to that.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Kansas whether his amendment meets the
object he has in view.
Mr. POMEROY. They cannot charge $2 50
for these lands until they are withdrawn, but
unless you put in these words all who go on
after the passage of the act, and before the with-
drawal, may have to pay $2 50 an acre.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the amendment of
the Senator prevent that? That is the question
with me. Will the Senator state his amend-
ment again ?
Mr. POMEROY. Itis to insert at the close
of the second section:
Provided, Such settlements aremade after the with-
drawal of the lands by said Secretary.
Mr. THURMAN. The effect of that will be
simply this: that it would limit the provision
that the amount taken by each applicant shall
not exceed eighty acres. That is all those
words would limit.
Mr. POMEROY. I know it; but without
this proviso what will be the construction ?
The withdrawal cannot be until the line of the
road is definitely located; and between now and
the definite location, without these words it
will be held that each settler must pay $2 50
or get half the quantity.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not think that the
Senator's amendment will prevent that. I sug-
gest to him whether he ought not to put in
other words.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the object, at any
rate.
Mr. THURMAN. I think the amendment
will not accomplish the object. I think more
explicit words are necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill rea,ds, "and in
all cases of settlement under the provisions of
the homestead or preemption laws the amount
taken by each applicant shall not exceed eighty
acres." I propose to add :
Provided, Such settlements be made after the with-
drawal of the lands.
They may have one hundred and sixty acres
if they go on before the lands are withdrawn;
no doubt about that; but after the withdrawal
they can get but eighty acres. That is what it
m-eans, and that is what my proviso means.
Mr. THAYER. That is the effect of it.
Mr. THURMAN. I am quite sure that the
amendment of the Senator will not accomplish
his purpose. He had better put it in more
explicit words.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the Senator from.
Ohio put it in any words he chooses. He and
'fl mean the same thing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be passed over informally for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. The fourth section now
reads:
That as soon as said company shall be accepted by
the President oi the United States by proclamation.
I do not want the President of the United
States to accept any company by proclamation.
So I move to strike out in the second line of
the fourth section, after the word "shall," the
words "be accepted by the President of the
United States by proclamation and shall;" so
as to read:
That as soon as said company shall file with-the
Secretary of the Interior a map of its line," &e.
Mr. THAYER. That is right.
Mr. POMEROY. We never let the Presi-
dent of the United States accept accompany by
proclamation.
Mr. THAYER. I intended to have that
stricken out. I am glad the Senator has called
attention to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. Then, in the next line, I
move to strike out the words "designating the
route thereof" and to insert the words "defi-
nitely located."
Mr. THAYER. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to offer now the
amendment of which I spoke the other day,
and to which I understand the Senator from
Nebraska has no objection. It is to strike out
the whole of section three, and insert in lieu
thereof two sections which I send to the desk.
They are the sections known as the settlers'
amendment to these railroad bills.
The words to be inserted were read, as fol-
lows:
And be it further enacted. That the lands hereby
granted shall be disposed of in the manner follow-
ing, namely: when the Governor of said State of
Nebraska shall certify to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior that any section of ten consecutive miles of said
road or branch is completed in a good, substantial,
and workmanlike manner as a first-class railroad,
then tho Secretary of the Interior shall issue to said
railroad company, its successors or assigns, certifi-
cates for all the lands in alternate sections or parts
of sections designated by odd numbers situated
within the distance specified for the road so com-
pleted and lying nearest to, and conterminous with,
said completed section of ten miles, and not exceed-
ing one hundred sections, for the benefit of the said
road. When the Governor of said State shall cer-
tify that another section of ten consecutive miles
shall have been completed, as aforesaid, then the
Secretory of the Interior shall issue certificates to
aad deliver the game to said railroad company, its
