am
Miif
sional skill have done so much to build up a
Navy to protect "our citizeris and cpmtnerce
had not the' gentleman who' Reported this bill
assailed him while claiming credit for the Ad-
ministration for the reforms -which he haa
aided so much to effect.
To show the difference between the British
House oF'Commons and ourselves, let mo call
attention to a recent scend 'iri that body. On
the 1st of March Inst BIr. Childers, the first
lord of the admiralty, arose on the floor and
opened his budget, fie asked for £10,000,000
' sterling, equal to $60,000,000 of our currency
at that time. He asked for sixty-one thou-
sand seamen and maYines, eighteen thousand
meu in dock-yards, fifty iron-clads to be kept,
in commission, and oue Hundred and sixty-
oue wooden steam frigates and corvettes,
and all the troop ships, to be kept ™ commis-
sion in reserve.' The request was based on
naval estimates, and was granted with scarcely
a dissenting voice. " Mr. Childers made One
pertindnt remark, which was received Avith
cheers. He said:
" With respect to tho United States, I have
to add to what I said before.' They have tto 'sea-
going armored Navy. I stated las.t year that thejr had
a considerable Hoot of cruising vessels, though great
doubt was entertained asto their actual value.
These remarks are suggestive, and we should
profit by them. Gentlemen may be surfe that
our NaVy cannot be put on a respectable foot-
ing without expenditures;; and this bill but
adds to its inefficiency.
Mr. Chairman, I protest against that false
economy which cripples the' national defense?
and keeps a legion of officers in pay without
the means of useful employment. ^ tye need
hoc think our acts in' this.corinedtion escape
public notice aild censure. Our refusal in the
winter to allow the NsVy Department to devote
the $4,000,000 needed for the repair of national
vessels, and which it did not need fjpr other
naval objects to which it had been appropri-
ated, was the occasion of severe and just erit
icisui by the independent press. I will close
by reading an article from the New Ycitk Eter-
ald, published at that time, making sugges-
tions which have n6t lost their force when
applied to the bill untjer consideration:
"Our Aava; U Ejirtivapftniiii ManagedCompari-
son uithlfie British aiCct French Xavics.—Wlibn tho
presenfadministrationofthe Navy Departnientcatws
into- power it/ Usui but n. small, allowance of lands
and a. lar^-e allowance of Secretary Wejlca's ilehtd to
ji.vy; but It put forth nil its energies, «et'm'<*n t'<J
work ntl the rotten eld hnlks thiW, incumbered the
(lavy-yiinl?, and, by lilting in a timber here; «ud a
umber there,had in thecoursoof nine months thirty
eight vessels fitted! for sea. These,however, are not
i nough to rcltevo'tlic rotten hulks in foreign waters,
svmc of which had to bo sold abroad because the
cowmandeii-iu-chief dared, oat tend them, homo.
When the appropriation was exhausted thcNavy
ltepartmcnt stopped v/o¥k in tbG Bitrtons 6f'Con-
struction «nd tlngineeriug, (iotcrmiped to
expend no loouoy Hot authorized by Juvw. Then,.by
.i close calculation, cutting down in onebui'ea'U itird
t:: riri£do^n in another, it I'f 'liceU'*t of its nw'n I'ntidS
.'impropriated by Congress which il'siini'ir* 1;
asked ol Congress peijnibisiott tq uso to continue tho ,
work of resurrection:1  1 "
"One day's investigation into* this raattor wfttf suf- ;
ficient-to havemademembersot Uongressij
with the true state of the case, It W9.3 not an appro- ;
priatroa that the Secretary a?kcd for", but a transfer j
from otto bureau to another of taonejr already in j;
mated extra receipts and repayments to bo paid into
th« exche«iucr. Those amount# foots up £10,^33,099.
labor in England is just half of what it is in this coun-
try. Men in the dock-yards there work.tcn houre a
day, without reading newspapers during working
time, anil material i* one halt tho cost it is in the
United States; as we eanseo by referring toour tariff.
1'herefore, the. same number of war vessels that are
keptin commission by tho British Government would
cost $122,817,830 per annum it' kept in commission by
onrGovernment, tfiakingfl, difference in tho expenses
is based upon an allovyaijcp which is made to
officers under &' regulation of the Department,
which was passed in 18GG, which the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Wasiihi-rx] and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Moucax] assert
was made in "spite of law." ThatOrderwas
made by ex-Secretary Welles, and was in strict
accordance with law, as I think I shall be abl<?
to prove to the satisfaction of any reasonable
mind.
I hold in my hand the "Red Book of the
in favor of our establishment. | Navy,'' published by authority of the Secre-
'   ' iary of the Navy iu jllie year 1832, and JL there
i find, on page 22, as follows :
j Allowances to officers attached to yards.
Tho following allowances aro made to officers at-
i tached to tho navy-yards at Portsmouth, New Ifcimp-
j shire; Charlestown, Massachusetts: Brooklyn. New
.'York; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and (iosport,
Virginia. (Regulation, 17th January, 1821.)
To captain commanding, twenty-eighteoms wood:
sixty-five dollars per annum for candles, >vc.; three
servants, at eight dollars per month.
I of our .Navy and that of Great Britain during the last
! year of $10:i,S47,880 in favor of our establishment.
! These aro calculations that any boy of twelve years
ean make, and wo ootntuond to our legislators the
study of their (irithm^tic.
"In lSoo 13ug|and had in commission one hundred
and ninety vessels of War, all told*, including line-
of-battle ships, iron-cased vessel's, frigates,corvettes,
sloops,gunnery-ship's,ptatiouary receiving and depot-
Bhips, troop-ships, Ftore-ships, drill-ships, tenders
or tngs; guard-ships of thh coast guard, &c'. Tho
United States had in cowtmission Sixty-seven vessels,
including woodon frigates, sloops, small gun-boats,
receiving-ships, traiuing-shinsfor apprentices, store-
ships.trftming-shipsr'for midshipmen, tugs;iron-clads,
wooden sailing Vessels; and gunnery-ships. None
comparing tttem with the-"British estimates as above
stated, it will be found "that.our expenditures wero
only one sixth of thos-e of the British, and even ad-
mitting-that the labor and'Material expenses Should
be'tbrown out of the question; Our expenditures still
remain but oao third of those of the British navy.
If after this a lie publican Congress think proper to
lny hp our Navy.whetttlrebestinttercsts of thocqun-
try demand'that it bftpilt ijv order, they can do so;
but they will be remindediforn tiuie to time, by fig-
ures that cannot liei thii't thesrb are persons who are
not to bo tleccived by 'statements put forth in com-
mittees calculated tw prttvent tho proper appropria-
tion of money lor tho national delense.
"The following .:r'e the estimate.-' for tho support
of the French'tiaVS* for'the year 187(J: the total esti-
mate for thesapport of UzemaVy is 1&!,84S,022 franco,
cyual i# iio'i.otjy.UOii rtoUl; tho number of seamen
_    • *  _ a* . o'l i'ot* . .* u i. « .. f; — ~.'e' ~ ^
To master oommundaut, twenty cords wood ; forty
^ollars per annuiii lor candles, &i\; two servants, at
ciffht dollars per ml)nth; $300 Iiouko rent.
'lo surgeon, twenty cords wood; twenty dollars per
annum tor candles* *fec.; one servant, at six dollars
per montli; $115 house rent.
To sailing master, tVvelve cords wood; twenty dol-
! lars per annum for candies, &c.; oneservant, ateight
1 dollars per month ; §200 house rent..
To boatswain, nine cords wood; twelve dollars per
; annum for candles, &c.; on<* servant, at six dollars
per month; ninety dollars house rent.
' To gunner, nine cords wood; twelve dollars per
annum for candlcs, &"c.; one servant, at six dollars
per month; ninety dollars house rent.
' And so on for thirteen pages more, allow-
i ance after allowance.
' ' Ml'. ^yASHBTJIlN, of Wisconsin. I stated
in ray speech that allowances were made prior
I to 1833 ; but I also stated that there was no law
-•   1 . . _t_ _n    rc 4.u 
exclusive'of officers. 3b,030; the nuuitjer of niechaa- |i authorizing such, allowances. If thegentlernan
log. Ac., ?3,400. - This dneis-not'look osif oui'Navy
wassach a tremendous atfair."
The lionrof half past four o'clock -having
arrived; th&^ Committee of the Whole oti thg
State of the Utiioii, pursuant' to the' order 6f
the Honse, took a recesa -till half past seven
o'clock; T " "
can sho'w ine any such law I shall be obliged to
|him. , '
; Mr. A1.1CHEK. That is exactly what 1
expect to'do in the cpnrge of my'remarks.
' 1 have Keen assured by a venerable officer in
' the "Navy that' 'tjjjsse allowances reached iu
some instance? sin amount fully equal to the
; annual pay of the officer. Order No. lo was
j passed to prevent thi^ excess of allowanci;.
| The question then ariseswere these alio wances
! legal-fty tljat time fact of p^brjiary 25,
j I70P,,allowed pacers' from' four, .to,'sixteen
! rations per''ctay,'according fo J'ank" I3Ty the
i gecond secf-fon of the' act of .April IS, 181-1,
1 the President' .iy us authorized to addtypnty-Jiv^
per cent, to the pay of all officers, seamen, arid
! marines engaged in any service the hard snip or
disadvantages of which shall, in his judgment,
render such addition nec^ssanr. Besides these
posaeggfotl ot' tlie ljepartmtat. hffipnip'riated by
gress for "naval purposes. Tho wholp thing has,How-
ever, been so muddled and misrepresented by thosd
who have charges of the' imttor in cornmitr.e^s,
tjiatit-baslod to (.he projeot ol' swo^pinif fctto whcJlo p
$4,000,000 into the Treasury a.nd lotting the ^{avy ■,
whistlo for its money. One rnscniousiimthemixticiart
in the Honso: Committee oa Appro^ristions trtok
occasion ig the conlorenoe coaaaittea to . state that
'bur Navy is the most estrivagjraj in the world,
while the British navy is the most Economical,' thus
showing that it would reqttiTo a lajrgB bonk 'to eon-1
taittail not known on the snbjecU lie went on to
inform the coinmittco that the total amount appro-
iirinfed for the British navy was but £3,060,000'stbf-
iiiig per atmnm,which assertionso startled higfellnw-
mewabers ttiat they dropped thedigoussion, to give
;• K.li oiher'tiHieto ohtain furtherinlortnation on tiio
^uli.iectJ ' '
"-N'tut, for the enlightenment of the said commit-
ter. we beg leave.U-st^te the facts in the case, which
an- copied fioin the JJritich navy estimates lor ISliO,
vliieh i=im average e«tinlatc for jirecedinj: years,
n low ilioo-'and dollars more or less. We find in the
referred to tjie following net amounts a|i-
i-i'.f.) in i oil Tor the British navy, after dcductinitestt-
! • EVENING SESSION.
i At Ini^f. past 'seve  o'clock p. ni- the Cojn-
| jpiittee of tlie \Vholp on Ithe state of the l/njon
j resumed its sesstoji,'(5Ir. ELDpiDGE ij} the
! chair,) tynd proceeded, with the consideration of
1 the' bill '(H. II.' No. I.jGoJ. making appropria-
i tions for the naval service for the year ending
i 30th June, J871..
Mr. AltCIIEIi. ifr. Chairman, my object
i iq addressing'the committee is to correct as
J far as I am able many errors iii Uie statements
made
! Wasuuuijx
I reporting tl..u ^.... ^   , --- -7*&.■ . •• ..  - ,
a mere partisan spirit, without regarding the I prTation bill recogpized these w^esaptt estau-
weliare and prosperity of the country, J should j lis lied even without the acts of 1<,00 apd 1814,
: have rejoiced'to'hear an attack from a gen- '' as clear a common lj^v as wds ever Jiauued
I'tehian.standing so'proinioent in ,th'e llepub- '! down to us from the JSngljsh CiOvcrnmeut._ It
' isnot for me to" epeak liej-c of th.e veneration
the "iVnierican people have for the common
law. ' It is sufliciont to say that the orgapic law
of almost every State recognizes its validity.
* Thus matters'stood, }lri Chairman,' until
1835, when it was thought advisable by our
legislators ta Jix a sum certain for each person
in the service of the'liepublic attached to the
Navy. That act repealed all allowances and
gave fixed salaries. But Blight changes w ere
made from that time ijntil just prior to tho
• ' " 1800,
ose
lican party upon ym'of the executive branches
of the jUovernment. Had 1 been actuated by
that'feeling I should have taken pleasure in,
"seeing just such'a bill as this ihtroduccd>nd
passed by the Kepublicaii partya bill .which,
if jiits^d,' \y1H ,worK incalculable injust ice to the
oflicefs of our J^avy, bring ridicule upon our
llag abroad, and leave both our commerce and
pur citi^ens at. the mercy of almost/every for-
eign Power: " I regret the close economy of the
bill, and the effect which the speech of the gen .. ..
tie man will Jiave in. strengthening a prejudice ,; war, when Congress passed tjie act ot loo
atr,eady'§xisiin£ ou? Nayy. That pre- ji when the pay was fixeel bjf Congress, as t.^.o
... „ ,} - -
judibe needed iio jiicrease by a denunciatory
speech l.'roin one so l,H*gh in the public' estima-
tion the gentHynan from Wisconsin. In
times of war tjie Army and Navy are idolized.-
When peac6 aud taxation follow the reaction
commences. It should be the duty of legis-
lators to stein the tide of this reaction, so' that
the old landmarks might be justly ana quietly
restored
from tho estimates of the Navy Department
•who vote<f for the bill contended, at the inin-
: imum rate for the respectable support of tlie
: officers of the different grades. It wasintendeu
: that they should properly represent the nation
i in society at homeari(j abroad, and\ylien abroad
i at least leave a fair competence for the support
\ of their wives and children. The frequent
| change of home, the absolute necessity of re-
i ciprQcating the courtesy of foreign officials to
The first reduction proposed by this bill, | prevent the bringiug our flag and our country
i nto
disgrace, was considered by our Congress,
