1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
chusetts loan at five per cent, interest. Vir-
ginia six per cents, bring 47 to 49. The United
States six per cent, loan, due in 1882, and
the best we have in our list, brings 87 to 87 J-;
although quotations sincereceived by telegraph
show an advance to 90, or with exchange
equal to about 99. Our ten-forties, or five per
cents., lag about five or six per cent, below par,
or behind our six percent, bonds due in 1881.
As a matter of some interest, I will append
to my remarks a statement (see appendix A
and B) of the debts of some of these nations
as well as the prices at which their stocks are
bought and sold. These are the stocks with
which we must compete. Can there be any
doubt that we overestimate the value at which
a four or a four and a half per cent, stock of
the United States would to-day be held in
Europe? At the present moment peace there
universally prevails, and there isno exceptional
demand for money. 0 n the other hand, the rev-
olutionary movements heaving the very found-
ations of the Governments of even some of the
first-class Powers of Europe, have a depress-
ing effect upon all European securities. The
time, therefore, to make a comparison of credits
is favorable to us, and the time to negotiate a
loan is equally favorable, if our self-love and
appreciation does not too much magnify the
position in which the credit of our Government
is actually held abroad. Russia, to be sure,
lias just negotiated about a hundred millions
at four and a half per cent, interest, but she
issued it at much less than par, and really pays
six per cent, or over. Besides that, Russia
must be ranked as one of the strongest and
most stable Governments in Europe, with an
annual excess of revenue over expenditures
of $40,000,000; and yet if Russia had called
for $1,200,000,000, as we propose to call, can
it be assumed that she would not have been
compelled to yield far more advantageous terms
to the subscribers to the loan?
The very low rate of interest paid by Great
Britain is constantly cited, but was well ex-
plained by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance [Mr. Sherman] in his able and well-
considered opening speech. At the time when
the various loans were made Great Britain sub-
mitted to far more onerouB terms—sometimes
very much worse—than any we had to accept
during the late rebellion. Great blocks of this
debt are now held by aristocratic families of
immense wealth, whose highest ambition is not
so much to increase presentinoome, already too
great, as to transmit to their posterity perma-
nent securities or perpetual annuities, and there
is nothing more likely to far* perpetual than
British consols. The interest will be paid, the
principal never. Besides this their laws not
only encourage but foree nearly all trust funds
into these securities, and if any way could be
devised to do this in the United States we
ought to copy so excellent an example. Still,
it must be remembered that consols, after all,
are always below par, bringing usually only 90
to 92. But were Great Britain to-day involved
in a great war it is very doubtful whether, with
even her time-honored Credit, she could go into
the money markets of the world and negotiate
a loan of $1,200,000,000 at a lower rate than
could the United States.
The great four and a half per eent. loan
obtained a few years since by France was re-
garded as a marvelous success, but it was
issued so much below par as to actually cost
the Government over six per cent
It would afford me great pleasure if I could
conscientiously demonstrate the ability of our
country to negotiate a loan on the cheap terms
proposed in the present bill; but truth must be
told, whether pleasant or unpleasant. It ap-
pears to me in good part impracticable, and
where practicable I am afraid it is unwise.
Having brought to view the facts which sur-
round us abroad, let me call the attention of
the Senate briefly to our present condition at
borne. West of Ohio it will not be claimed
that there is much idle capital which the Gov-
ernment can command ou any terms likely to
be proffered. Nor is the condition of affairs
any better at the South. New local enterprises
are there everywhere clamorous for aid, and
far better terms, with unquestionable securi-
ties, are and will be tendered than any which
can by any possibility be offered by the United
States Government. The northern and east-
ern States are already gorged with Government
securities. There is very little room for more.
This region within the last ten years has been
also completely drained of funds to build up
the magnificent net-work of railroads projected
in the far West. No large amounts of idle cap-
ital for any new purpose can be had in the
North or East. The heavy war taxes of most
of the States are soon to subside; the debts
will be paid off, and. an exemption from na-
tional and State taxation, though an inexorable
and indispensable accompaniment of a national
loan, will not much longer be reckoned any ex-
travagant boon to be paid for by any extrav-
agant concessions in advance.
It appears to me important to the success of
our loan even abroad that it should to some
extent be gilded by a respectable share of suc-
cess at home. It should not be shunned here
and suffered to droop in our own markets, as
I fear it may when offered at a rate so much
below that with which our people have long
been familiar.
In whatever is done it seems proper that the
national banks should be included. The irre-
deemable circulation the national banks have
so long enjoyed and the premium obtained on
the gold interest accruing upon their bonds
deposited in the Treasury has, no doubt, given
to them in the past unusual dividends, but, per-
haps, not more than capital elsewhere employed
has commanded during the period of violent
fluctuations for the seven or eight years through
which we have just passed. It is certain that
no other capital in the country has been more
heavily or more honestly taxed by the general
and the local governments. We gave them
banking privileges, but no State government
ever granted such privileges with such onerous
restrictions. States have ever treated banking
corporations with greater favor. Upon a return
to specie payments we shall restore them to
their rightful functions. They will no longer
be mere institutions to grind out fat dividends,
but to make dividends at all they will be forced
to lend their funds so as to accommodate the
people in their respective localities. This
being inevitable, it is to be doubted whether
we should force them to buy bonds they cannot
sell, and by saving one per cent, interest upon
such bonds be compelled to relinquish an equal
amount of taxes now paid by the banks.
With the present taxation on circulation and
deposits, with the addition of stamp duties and
local taxation of all descriptions, it seems too
much to expect that national banking business
can be continued in any of those States where
the interest is restricted to six or seven per
cent, after we proclaim by solemn act of Con-
gress that it shall not be done unless the banks
shall first put their whole capital into Govern-
ment bonds bearing only four per cent, interest.
The banks now hold six per cent, bonds, worth
par in gold. The managers must be expected
to take care of the interests of their stock-
holders. Could they be justified in exchanging
their present bonds for bonds worth here hardly
more than seventy-five cents on the dollar?
Yet they are to be mercilessly wiped out of
existence unless they do this within the next
twelve months I At the very moment when the
Government will be most anxious to find pur-
chasers of its new bonds it would seem to be
impolitic to create a crowd of sellers of the old
bonds, and if this provision in the bill should
be retained it is altogether likely that many of
the present national banks would be constrained
to surrender their charters, sell their bonds, and
save what might be possible from tlie general
wreck.
To be sure we hold them in our hands. We
made and can unmake; but that id no reason
why we should mutilate them. They have ren-
dered services vitally important to the country,
and may be continued in that service to more
advantage than any banking institutions we ever
had. Their errors can be easily corrected. If
not taxed enough tax them more, but do not
annihilate their property or make the security
they deposit for the redemption of their bills
less valuable than it now is. Is it quite cer-
tain that upon the failure of any banks organ-
ized as proposed a forced sale of its four per
cent, bonds deposited in the Treasury would
bring enough to redeem its circulation ? The
answer is, not unless they brought eighty cents
on the dollar. Obviously there are no markets
in the world where they would bring so much.
It is a time of peace. We have no excuse to
resort to exceptionable measures. We should
do what is just and expedient, and there is
nothing expedient that is not just. Our legis-
lation of to-day should be of a character to bear
the criticism of all coming time. We tore the
old State banks up by the roots, and planted
national banks in their places. If we girdle
these last, what confidence will the country
repose in any second growth of national banks ?
Institutions which are intended to furnish a
circulating medium for the business of our whole
country in all its parts ought to be anchored
as fast as the eternal hills, and exempt from
sudden and violent changes. Let it be con-
ceded that banks in large cities, secure of a line
of heavy deposits, can do a profitable business
either with or without circulating notes ; but
we are legislating for our whole country and
not alone for cities. Large cities will take care
of themselves. The checks of depositors fur-
nish an almost fabulous amount of bank circu-
lation, and they can accept additional circula-
tion or not as they please; but our industrial
interests require more liberal terms for banks
in the interior. It is not wise to impose such
terms upoa banks as, if accepted, will compel
them to demand directly or indirectly large or
usurious rates of interest of all who may come
to them for banking accommodations. The
effect to be apprehended is that the United
States will tax money-borrowers through the
agency of banks, and thus help to maintain the
standard rate of interest throughout the coun-
try at the highest point.-
The introduction of the principle of free
banking, at the earliest moment it ean be safely
done, appears to find favor in all quarters. If
we continue banking as a monopoly we ought
to interfere so far as to regalate the rate of
interest charged "for it is the interest of the
banks to make this a high rate as much as it
is the interest of the people to make it a low
rate; but if we can have free banking upon
any terms not making high rates indispensable
to the very existence of the banks, then, with
expansion and contraction as the commercial
and industrial interests of the country from
time to time may require, we shall supersede
the necessity of fixiDg by law therate ofinterest.
Competition will at once place the business of
banking on a level as compared with all other
business investments. Possibly under any
system it might be proper to provide that any
bank charging directly or indirectly more than
a certain maximum rate, or more than the
legal rate of interest as fixed by law in the
respective States, should not be allowed to
profit by the exeess, but should be required
to pay over such excess into the United States
Treasury. Banking business is entitled, like
any other business, to a fair and legitimate
profit, and for their own benefit might well be
restrained from taking risky loans, as loans
paying a high rate of interest always are risky;
and certainly for the benefit of the public
