1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOIB.
84§
Mr. BOLES. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question right here ?
Mr. BENJAMIN". Certainly.
Mr. BOLES. IIow will the agent get his
pay should the pensioner refuse to give it to
him?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the pensioner's semi-
annual pension is forty-eight dollars he will
have sent to him a check upon the Assistant
Treasurer for $47 GO. The amount of the fee
is deducted from the amount of his pension.
There is no payment about it other than the
withholding the amount necessary to compens-
ate the pension agent for the preparation of
papers which are now in large part prepared
by attorneys.
Mr. BOLES. Who is to regulate the fee to
be paid for certifying the voucher ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is a matter wholly
within the control of the Legislatures of the
various States. The pensioner goes before a
State officer, who is not an officer we can con-
trol. The State of Arkansas may permit such
an officer in that State to charge one cent, or
one dollar, or five dollars. That depends en-
tirely upon the laws of the State.
Mr. BOLES. In many States these officers
are allowed a dollar, which would be a heavy
tax on these pensioners.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Thatcannotbeavoided.
The voucher must be sworn to. If it was done
before an officer of the United States in every
instance we could regulate the fee. But such
is not the case, and cannot be the case. In
ninet.y-nine cases out of every hundred the
voucher is sworn to and subscribed before an
officer of the State in which the pensioner lives,
and we cannot say how much fees a State
officer may have.
But I was going on to say that by the pro-
visions of this bill we bring the pensioner into
direct communication with the pension agent.
We do not permit any middle man for any
purpose whatever to interfere in the matter at
all, or to receive any fees in connection with
it. So far I presume every gentleman in the
House will support the bill.
Then the question is, who shall pay the pen-
sion agent for the discharge of this duty? I can
assure the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] that he must be paid. If we impose
this additional duty upon him, if we make it in-
cumbent upon him to discharge this duty, we
will certainly be called upon to pay him for it
out of the Treasury of the United States, or in
some other way. I have no feeling upon the
subject; 1 would as soon pay the pension agent
out of the Treasury of the United Stales as in
any other way. The committee considered this
question. The fee is asmall amount to each pen-
sioner, but in the aggregate these fees amount
to a very large sum.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose that we have
upon due consideration settled the amount of
pension which we think is right in each case
according to the various grades of service, and
I submit that we ought not to put upon the pen-
sioners a tax—for ttiis would be a tax—of nearly
a dollar a year during their lives, without refer-
ence to the amount of pension received, the
smallest pensioner paying precisely as much as
the widow of a major general or a major gen-
eral himself. The requirement operates un-
equally. Besides, it strikes me that this is a
pitiful way of saving to the Treasury the salary
of tliese agents, by deducting it from the bounty
that we have provided for the pensioners of the
Government. I hope the gentleman from Mis-
souri will see the matter as I do, that the pen-
sioners ought to bo brought face to face with
the pensionagent to receive their pensions, and
that we should make provision otherwise for the
compensation of the agents and other officers.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is mis-
taken in saying that we are by this bill putting
this burden upon the pensioner. On the eon-
trary we are relieving him of the payment of
three fourths of the amount which he now has
to pay. It is most unquestionably the duty
of the pensioner to go and get hie money.
There is no injustice in requiring him to do
so. We have said to these pensioners, "Wo
will pay you a certain amount, but you must
come forward and receive it ^ you must go.
where the money is and sign the neeessary re-
ceipt." By the provision of this bill we pro-
pose to say, "We will not any longer put yon
to the expense of going after your money."
In many instances the pensioners live a hun-
dred miles and in some instances two or three
hundred miles from the pension agency. Un-
der the existing law, under the Taw «s it has
existed from the beginning, the pensioner
must go in person to receive his pension, or
he must employ somebody else to go and pro-
cure the pension in his name. Thus, under
the present law, the procuring of the pension
costs the pensioner in many instances a con-
siderable slice of his pension.
Mr. MAYNARD. And it ought not to cost
him anything.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, by this bill we pro-
pose to reform the present system, and to say
that three fourths of this burden shall be taken
from the pensioner, that he shall be required to
pay only one fourth of the expense heretofore
imposed upon him.
Mr. PETERS. Just at this point I wish to
say a word, with the consent of the gentleman
from Missouri. By this bill the pensioner is
required to pay a fee of forty cents. Now, in
some instances these pensions are collected by
associations of a charitable character. In some
cases within my own knowledge they have been'
collected by the Grand Army of the Republic
without any expense whatever to the pensioner.
But under this bill the pensioner must pay at
least forty cents to the pension agent, though
some one may be willing to go and do the
business on his behalf for nothing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, the in-
stances of which the gentleman speaks are
certainly very rare; and although I have not
the data before me, I will venture to say that
since the close of the recent war no pensioner
has received his pension without paying some-
thing.
Mr. PETERS. Some, I know, have re-
ceived their pensions without incurring any
expense.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the pension is col-
lected by these associations they are paid
something; and I will venture further to say
that no pensioner within the last five years has
received his pension with a deduction of a less
amount than forty cents.
I yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Welkeb.]
Mr. WELKER. My colleague [Mr. Law-
rence] has stated that the expense of disburs-
ing these pensions amounts on the average to
$7,000 a year for each pension agent. On the
other hand the gentleman from Missouri has
stated that the compensation of these agents i
amounts to only $4,000 a year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the maximum
allowed under the law.
Mr. WELKER. I want to ask the gentle- I
man from Missouri whether he has any official j
information from the Department that that is j
the amount of the compensation of these pen- j
sion agents? As my colleague has stated oneo .
or twice that the average compensation is
$7,000 a year, I want to know which of the
gentlemen is correct.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The average amount :
is $7,600.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will refer the gentle-
men to the statute, and he can read the pro- :
vision for himself. I say that the maximum
amount allowed annually to any pension agent
is $4,000. An examination of the law will
show my statement to be correct. If any pen-
sion agent receives $7,000 a year thai amount
is made up by these fees.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And the duty for which
this fee is paid is not performed as pension
agent at all. The law imposes no such duty
upon the pension agent; but it does permit
him, as it permits the gentleman from Ohio or
any other gentleman, to do this duty and to
chaise a certain amount for doing it.
Now, the gentleman has stated that in the
discharge of these duties there maybe in some
instances $7,000 realized by these pension
agents. The pension agent has to employ an
additional clerk or two if he makes out any
considerable number of these papers; but that
is not a part of the fees of pension agents.
The pay of a pension agent, under the law, in
no case can exceed the sum of $4,000 a year.
I ask the gentleman from Ohio if such is not
the fact?
Mr. LAWRENCE. He has his commissions
up to $4,000 a year; but he also has his fees for
making out these papers, so that the average
pay of a pension agent amounts to $7,800 a
year.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that there will be no difficulty in-finding
pension agents. The gentleman in his own
district can find enough to fill the positions in
all the districts.in the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no doubt that at
$1,000 a year any number of men could be
found in the gentleman's district to serve here
as a member of Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir, to serve for the
honor o&it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will not say that they
will render as efficient service as the honorable
gentleman himself; but you will find, I am
sure, any number of men in his district who
would accept the office at almost a nominal
sum.
Mr. MAYNARD. They would accept the
office as one of honor; but that is not the case
we have now before us.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will go with the gen-
tleman in fixing a reasonable amount, not only
as the fees for pension agents, but as the sal-
ary of any other of our officers. I have, how-
ever, never been in favor of paying these or
any other officers extravagantly, liaving in-
vestigated this case, I am satisfied that these
pension agents as a class do not receive any
more than they are authorized to receive. And
I am satisfied that if we impose this additional
duty on them we shall have to pay them an
extra compensation out of the Treasury of the
United States. If sucli was not the fact I
would go with the gentleman in lopping this
off; but the amount having lo be paid, and
we, as I stated before, having relieved the pen-
sioners of three fourths of what they are re-
quired to pay under the existing law, I think
we are dealing most geijerously by them in the
passage of this'bill.
There is another item of expense to be taken
into consideration. Under the present law
these pensioners have to pay postage. If the
pension agent prepares the vouchers under the
law and transmits them to the pensioner, as
he has the right to do it, the pensioner is
charged with the postage as well as postage
when they are returned. The pension agent
also charges the pensioner with postage when
he transmits the cheek to the pensioner for
his money. Here, then, the pensioner hag to
pay at least nine cents at every semi-annual
payment, the whole amounting in the aggregate
to $36,000 a year. That is what is paid under
the existing law, but from that expense this
bill relieves our pensioners.
Mr. PETERS. Is it not tbe almost invari-
able practice of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment in paying out money to prepare the
vouchers for the party to sign ? Will gentle"
men therefore put these poor pensioners to an
expense notwked-of-other persons? I believe,
