1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2001
His first motion was to strike out the section;
and upon that he made a general denunciation
of the protective system which much of his
life has been spent in advocating. That motion
having failed, and he having accomplished his
purpose by making his speech, iia second mo-
tion was to reduce the duty on the dearer class
of carpets, the carpets which the rich can afford
to pay for, and the duty upon which protects
incidentally the manufacturer of the cheaper
grades of this manufacture. Having failed in
this, and almost admitting that he was wrong,
he now strikes at hazard and submits an amend-
ment calculated to injure the poor man.
I have shown, Mr. Chairman, if I hg,ve shown
anything, that these two-ply and three-ply,
these ingrain carpetings, sell at prices reason-
ably cheap, and cover the floors of the poor;
that the protection upon them has stimulated
in this country to an immense degree a branch
of industry which has given employment to tens
of_thousands of people, thousands of them
being in my district alone. The manufacturers
are now obliged to pay on the wool and other
articles required by them a discriminating duty
more than equivalent to the specific duty im-
posed on tlie manufactured article; so that
their only protection is the ad valorem duty.
The gentleman from New York now proposes
to close these workshops and drive the work-
men into idleness and" want. This is what I
wish the country to understand. Such is the
extreme to which men advocating the ultra
Democratic doctrine—notthe pure Democratic
principle advocated by some gentlemen on that
side, who choose to throw off the party har-
ness—such is the extreme to which the gentle-
man from New York is driven ; and there I
leave him.
The amendment of Mr. Brooks, of New
Yotk, was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On oil-cloths for floors, stamped, painted, or
printed, valued at 50 cents or less per squaro yard,
3-5 per cent. ad valorem ; valued at over 50 cents per
square yard, and all other oil-clotli, except silk oil-
cloth, 45 per cent, ad valorem ; oil silk oil-cloth, 60
per cent, ud valorem,
Mr. SCHENCK. On behalf of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I move to amend
the paragraph just read by striking out all of
lines two hundred aud forty-eight, two hun-
dred and forty-nine, and two hundred and
fifty, and inserting in lieu thereof "40;" so
that the paragraph will read as follows :
On oil-eloths for floors, stamped, painted, or
printed, 40 per cent, ad valorem; on silk oil-cloth,
6'J per cent, ad valorem.
The object of this amendment is to reduce
all these oil-cloths to one class, fixing the duty
uniformly at 40 per cent., instead of having
duties ranging from 35 to 45 per cent. It is
thought that there is no necessity for the clas-
sification embraced ill the paragraph, and that
al! these articles may be reduced to a single
class.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On spun or schappe silk, for warp or filling, in
skeins or in cops, 25 per ccnt. ad valorem.
On thrown silk in the gum, not moro advanced
than singles, tram, or organzine, and on floss silks,
30 per cont. ad valorem.
On thrown silk, purified or dyed, not moro advanced
than singles, tram, or organzme, and on sewing silk
or silk twist, in the gum or purified, 40 per cent, ad
valorem.
On buttons and on ornaments for dresses and out-
side garments made of silk, or of which silk is tho
component material of chief value, aud contain-
ing no wool, worsted, or goat's hair, 50 p^r cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to move an amend-
ment, to which T think the houorable chairman
and the other members of the committee will
assent. It is to amend the paragraph last read
by striking out "50" and inserting "80," so
as to make the duty 60 per cent, ad valorem.
The silk goods for which these buttons are
made now come in at 60 per cent, ad valorem;
and if the buttons are permitted to come in at
50 per cent, there is an actual discrimination
against our American girls who are employed
in making up these buttons. As the fashion
is constantly changing, we certainly ought to
give our own people a chance to makeup these
buttons, and not discriminate in favor of for-
eign labor. If gentlemen think there is any
joke about this, as some members on the other
side seem to do, I can.only tell them that this
used to be considered a large business in Massa-
chusetts and Connecticut. The business of
button-making has been a very large one ; but;
it is now almost entirely ruined by this dis-
crimination in favor of the foreign manufac-
ture. The market has been flooded with for-
eign buttons during the past two years, and our
own manufacturers have been driven out by
this foreign competition. I call the attention
of gentlemen to page 1G9 of Mr. Wells's report,
where they will see from the table at the top
of the page that in 1808 the importations of
silk buttons were as follows: value of imports
$61,908, and amountof duty $24,703 20, while
in 1869 the value of imports was $394,248 and
the amount of duty $157,699 20. In other
words, in one year these importations have
gone up from $01,000 to $394,000 oh the sin-
gle article of silk buttons alone. Gentlemen
on the other side of the House, as well as on this,
can see from these figures that tho silk-button
business in this couutiy has gone " where the
woodbine twineth." [Laughter.] Our manu-
facturers have no t been able to make them at all.
I am not asking you for any protection espe-
cially for these buttons; but I am asking that
silk buttons shall be putin the tariff at the same
rate as the silk from which they are made. Th e
value of the buttons is in the silk and in the
labor, and that is all the value they have. And
this committee ought, not to say there should
be a discrimination of 10 per cent, against our
own labor when we want our own people to
make these buttons.
Gentlemen on the other side say they are in
favor of free trade. I ask what tliey are going
to do with importations if they cannot get any
persons to buy them? What are you going to do
with silk importations if you cannot sell them ?
By my amendment you give employment to the
American girls, and others engaged in the man-
ufacture of these silk buttons, and they will use
their earnings in part for the purchase of your
imported silks. So it is with all branches of
American industry; give our laborers protec-
tion against foreign labor, give them plenty of
work andgood wages, and they will have money
to pay for the goods you import. I hope the
committee will see the justice of this amend-
ment, and that it may be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. While we put down tho
duty from 35 to 25 percent, on spun or schappe
silk, and from 35 to 30 per cent, on thrown
silk in the gum, not more advanced than singles,
tram, or organzine, when we came to this point
we saw the force of some of the suggestions
which have been made to the committee, and
increased the duty from 40 to 50 per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. You increase
the duty here, as I understand it, from 40 to 50
per cent.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir. We put two or
three things before this down, and then we put
this up from 40 to 50 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. KELLOGG. I insist that it is not high
enough. The duty here is only 50 per "cent.
ad valorem, while "the materials of which these
buttons are made are subjected to a duty of
60 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BBOOKS, of New York. I propose to
go back to the old duty of 40 per cent. The
error of the gentleman from Connecticut is in
supposing that all the girls live in Connecticut.
Now, they have nice girls in the West _ and
elsewhere in this country besides Connecticut.
They have some in New York. There are
20,000,000 girls in this country, and the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Connecticut is
that the Connecticut girls, composing but a
very small portion of these 20,000,000 girls,
who are .engaged in making these silk buttons,
shall be allowed to impose a still heavier tax
than that provided for under the present' law
or in this .bill upon all these girls.in the United
States, upon their buttons aud other ornaments.
We had the same thing the other day in refer-
ence to spool cotton. Spool cotton is made
by a fey people in Connecticut, and in order
to- bolster up_ and enrich those spool cotton
manufacturers millions of dollars of tax were
imposed upon the poor seamstresses of the,
country. The poor seamstresses were taxed
that the rich manufacturer might be still fur-
ther enriched. • The error of the whole system
is this t there are 4,000 taxed articles in this,
country, and in order to secure a bounty to
oue of these articles you have to accord 8,999
bounties to the manufacturers of other articles.
The gentleman from Connecticut will be lucky
if he gets the 50 per cent, which the commit-
tee propose to give him. I advise him to rest
content with that bounty.
The amendment of Mr. BitooKS, of New
York, was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Kellogg.
Mr. KELLOGG demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kellogg, and
Mr. Brooks of New York, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 29, noes 37.
No farther count being demanded, theamend-
ment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
On plushof silk, or of which silk is tho component
material of chief vaiuc, for tlie manufacture of hats,
'10 per ccnt. ad valorem.
Mr. BBOOKS, of New York. Is this an
increase ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The old duty is 50 per
cent., and this is a reduction of 10 per cent.
The Clerk read as follows:
On silk laces of every description, and all manu-
factures of silk lace,prepared by tho needle, whether
by hand or machine, composed wholly ot silk, or of
which silk shall bo tho component material ot chief
vatue, 60 per cent, ad valorem.
On all manufactures ofmixed materials, silk being
the component material of chief value, except plush
for tho manufacture of hats, buttons, and ornaments
ior drosses, and articles containing Wool or worsted,
60 per cent, ad valorem.
Air. SCHENCK. I move to strike out in
lines two hundred and seventy-l'our, two hun-
dred and seventy-five, and two hundred and
seventy-six the words "except plush for the
manufacture of hats, buttons, and ornaments
for dresses, and articles containing wool or
worsted," and to insert in lieu thereof the
words "not otherwise herein provided for
so that the paragraph will read:
On all manufactures of mixed materials, silk being
the component material of chief value, GO per cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer the
following amendment:
At tho end of tho paragraph add the following:
On webbing composed of silk and rubber, or of
i silk and rubber and other materials, silk being the
component material ot chief value, used m the man-
ufacture of shoes, 25 per ccnt. ad valorem.
This, Mr. Chairman, is a different amend-
ment from that which the Committee of tho
Whole adopted the other day. It has refer-
ence to the webbing, composed partly of silk,
which is used in the manufacture of shoes. We
brought down to 5 cents a pound the other day
the webbing made of cotton, cotton webbing,
j used in tho manufacture of shoes, as that is
| substantially a raw material used in the man-
ufacture in this country.
There is very little silk webbing made in this
country to be used in the manufacture oi shoes.
Therefore I move, in the interest oi the manu-
: facturer, as well as of the consumer in tirs ca.-e
also, that the duty on this article be taken
down from 60 per cent, ad valorem to 25 per
cent, ad valorem, which is about the same re-
duction that we made on the cotton webbing.
There is by no means so large an amount of
