4490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 16,
shall be construed to abolish the office of register of
■wills in said county.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SOUTHERN MARYLAND RAILROAD.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill (S. No. 597) to author-
ize the authorities of the city of Washington
to indorse the bonds of the Southern Mary-
land Railroad Company. I will state that to-
morrow will be the last day in the other House
at this session for the consideration of District
bills, and I am therefore desirous to have it
passed to-day ; otherwise I fear it will be of
no avail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the bill indicated
by the Senator from Virginia?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
SIERRA IRON COMPANY.
Mr. COLE. I desire to call up the bill in
regard to the Sierra Iron Company as to which
my colleague made a motion to reconsider.
The V1CE_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to take up the motion
to reconsider the vote oil the passage of the
bill (S. No. 489) relative to the Sierra Iron
Company.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask my colleague
whether he intends to oppose the motion for
reconsideration ?
Mr. COLE. I think the motion lias been
made and the bill reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider is pending. The bill was passed,
and a motion to reconsider was entered and
is now pending.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
California ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I must ask my colleague
to speak louder. I cannot hear what he says.
Mr. COLE. I ask my colleague if he in-
tends to insist on his motion to reconsider the
bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. I asked my colleague a
question ; but I cannot compel him to answer.
1 will read what he said when he induced the
Senate to pass this bill during the first moments
of an evening session, when I was absent.
Mr. COLE. I will not resist the motion to
reconsider if my colleague insists on it; but I
hope he will let the bill go through in some
form.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course I insist on it;
and my colleague, when he got the bill through
the Senate pledged himself that if anybody
moved a reconsideration he would not object.
Mr. COLE. For the very reason that I had
not the least idea that anybody could have any
ground for moving a reconsideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is objec-
tion the bill can only be reached at this time
by passing over the prior orders The Chair
understands the Senator from California [Mr.
Casserly] to object to its present considera-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President  
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from In-
diana will allow me, I will say that I do not
wish to defeat this bill by the mere lapse of
time. I wish to prepare an amendment that
will perhaps meet the views of my colleague;
and in that event there will be no difficulty in
passing the bill.
Mr. COLE. If my colleague has not had
time to prepare an amendment I am afraid it
will not be prepared before the term expires.
Mr. CASSERL Y. My colleague will have to
(rest on his apprehensions, I suppose. I know
what I propose to do.
JOHN W. 8ALYEKS.
Mr. PRATT. I ask unanimous consent to
take up Senate bill No. hS-'i. for the relief of
Johti tV. Salyosrs, a soldier of the war of 1812,
now eighty-four years of age. This is the sec-
ond or third trip he has made to Washington
for the purpose of getting this bill through for
his relief. He is very poor and dependent
upon his personal friends here for his support.
I hope the Senate will consent to take up the
bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. SS3) granting a pension
to John W. Salyers, a soldier of the war of
1812. It directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Johu W. Salyers, of
Indiana, a soldier of the war of 1812, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on February 10, 1868,
and to continue during his natural life.
Mr. FENTON. Let me inquire what time
the pension is to commence?
Mr. PRATT. Some day in 18G8. That is,
the day the bill was formerly reported and
passed in this body for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up House bill No. 1328, to estab-
lish the department of justice.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. It. No. 1328) to establish
the department of justice.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, who has this bill in
charge, whether the number of officers under
the Government is increased by the bill ? Cer-
tainly the number of regular officers is very
seriously increased; but I can see that the
design is to prevent the appointment of those
who are not responsible men—that is, officers
for temporary duties, and whose charges are
in excess of the fees paid to regular officers
in the way of salary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to hear
the Senator from Delaware. I should like to
hear what he says on this subject.
The VICEPRESIDENT. Conversation will
be suspended in the Senate Chamber.
Mr. BAYARD. I rose more for the pur-
pose of asking the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire to explain to the Senate,
or demonstrate rather to the Senate, that
which I suppose to be the real object of this
bill, to diminish the expense which the Gov-
ernment of the United States is now at for
temporary legal assistants, and to substitute
therefor a class of officers on fixed salaries,
who shall be responsible to their immediate
superior, and whose payment shall be regu-
lated by law. I take it for granted, consider-
ing the highly respectable and discreet source
from which this bill originates, that the object
of the bill is retrenchment. The object of the
bill is the prevention of what I may call the
sporadic system of paying fees to persons, not
to speak disrespectfully of them, who may be
called departmental favorites. It is to regulate
that which I think is an abuse. I ask the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire to
explain it.
Mr. PATTERSON. In 1789, as the Senator
is well aware, an act was passed authorizing
the appointment of district attorneys, and also
a person learned in the law who should act as
Attorney General. That continued to be the
law of the General Government down to the
year 1830, when a solicitor of the Treasury
Department was appointed, and appointed not
so much because the Government needed the
services of any such officer, but m order, if
possible, to bring about a state of harmony be-
tween the President and the then Secretary
of the Treasury; but it failed in its object.
In 1861 the amount of law duties devolving
upon the Government had so increased that an
act was passed authorizing the employment of
outside counsel to assist the district attorneys
and the Attorney General. The expense of
those persons who were employed outside the
regular legal force of the Government from
18(54 to 1869 was nearly eight hundred thou-
sand dollars; and instead of expediting the
business of the Government, it seemed as
though the law was passed to delay the legal
business of the Government.
The object of this bill is to cut off that extra
and unnecessary expense to the Government;
but in order to do that it is thought necessary
to create a solicitor general, acting under the
Attorney General. That officer will be a new
officer. Then one or two clerks additional to
those now employed will be authorized by this
bill. The entire increased expense of the legal
force under this bill over what it now is will
be about thirteen thousand dollars, while all
that outside expense, which from 1864 to 1869
amounted to about eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, will be saved. And in addition to that the
opinions given by the law officers of the Gov-
ernment will be a unit, will be in harmony with
each other. It now happens that an opinion
will sometimes be given by the solicitor of the
Treasury, or the solicitor of some other Depart-
ment, in conflict with the opinion of the Attor-
ney General. The Senator from Delaware will
understand better than 1 do the absolute neces-
sity of harmony in the legal business of the
Government.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to ask the honor-
able Senator if the bill does not also provide
for the appointment of special deputies still
by these fixed officers?
Mr. PATTERSON. In case such deputies
arc absolutely needed ; but they are to have a
special commission, and to act under the Attor-
ney General.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say that being
a member of the Committee on Retrenchment,
by whom this bill was reported, and also of
the Committee on the Judiciary, I have felt, it
my duty to examine this bill very carefully;
and without going into details I desioe to say
that I approve of it in every particular, I be-
lieve. Possibly some little amendments might
be made to it; but this bill has passed the
House, and I hope it will pass the Senate just
as it is. I think it a good bill and will save
money to the Government, and introduce uni-
formity and regularity in the legal decisions
made by the Departments.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President  
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask -unanimous con-
sent to take up Senate bill No. 969.
Mr. CARPENTER. Has this bill to estab-
lish the department of justice passed?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was trying to get the
ear of the Chair to move an amendment to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Wisconsin can move to reconsider the vote on
its passage.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move a reconsider-
ation for the purpose of allowing me to offer
an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves a reconsideration of the vote
| on the passage of the bill for the purpose of
I offering an amendment to it.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. CARPENTER. I withdraw the motion.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
give notice to the Committee on Appropriations
of an amendment, to be offered to the civil
appropriation bill, for the erection of an iron
fence around Franklin square. I move its
reference to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I now move to take tip
the bill (S. No. 959) to reliefs certain persons
