346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
from my head to my toes, that you -will never
out out this fraud, root and branch, until we
cut out this compensation.
Mr, BENJAMIN. The gentleman knows
we£l enough, for he has read this bill, that we
allow-Compensation to no one but these pen-
sion. agents; aud pension agents are not per-
mitted, under the provisions of this _ bill, to
accept any ;vouchers prepared otherwise than
in their otiices. The gentleman is wrong in
bis premises. He says that we impose this
upon these pensioners. Sir, we are not im-
posing this on them. We are, on the contrary,
relieving them from three fourths of the ex-
pense to which the}' are subjected Under the
present law.
Mr. PETERS. This is an improvement upon
previous bills, but it does not go far enough.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. _ I wish to
ask the gentleman what is his objection to pay-
ing the pension directly from the Treasury of
the United States?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Thepensionersfrom Ore-
gon and California will be a long while before
they could get their money if they had to come
to the city of Washington to get it. Vouchers
have to be prepared and they have to show that
the pensioner is alive, or in the case of a widow
that she has not married again, or in, the case
of children that they are under sixteen years
of age and still living. The vouchers have to
prove all these facts.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Do not
the Government appoint surgeons to ascertain
these facts?
Mr. BENJAMIN. We do not appoint a
surgeon to examine the ladies to see .whether
they are married or not. [Laughter] Nor do
we appoint a surgeon to examine the children
to see whether they are alive or not.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am very anxious, in
theinterest of the pensioners and for the safety
of the Government, that this bill should pass ;
and I atn anxious that it should pass on an
early day. I have stated that its passage in
time to apply the semi-annual payment in
March will save the pensioners $1,000,000.
The gentleman from. Ohio [Mr. Lawrence,]
thinks that that is a large statement of the
amount that will be saved. I will slate to him
that at the Department of the Interior it was
estimated that the amount of saving would be
very much larger than that. The amount is
nndoubtedly very large, and I think 1 am within
bounds when I say that this bill will give
the pensioners every six months an additional
$1,000,000, which they ought to receive and
will rcceivc under the provisions of this bill.
Now, ifthe bill should be recommitted it will
bo impossible for the committee to report it to
tho House for action prior to the 4th of March,
or rather in time to allow vouchers to be pre-
pared and payments made under the bill prior
to the 4th of March. Further than that, I am
well satisfied from the investigations 1 have
made and th'ose made by the committee, and
from the suggestions made at the Department,
that the system of payment through either the
assistant assessors, the postmasters, or any other
local officers, is wholly inadequate and cannot
be carried out successfully."
Hence the question, in myjudgment, resolves
itself into this: whether we shall make the pay-
ments according to the provisions of this bill or
shall continue the present system. I do not
suppose there are many gentlemen here who
would hesitate as between those two alterna-
tives ; and the only point as to which there
can possibly be a disagreement is as to who
shall pay these forty ceuts. It will amount in
the aggregate, as paid by the Treasury, at least
to $100,000. But that is a small sum, small
when compared with what we pay now to the
persons receiving pensions.
We arc dealing with tho pensioners under
this bill very liberally, in my judgment. We
are relieving them irorn a great burden and
assuming it ourselves to a great extent. And
it strikes me that no pensioner can complain,
or will complain, or will have the least reason
to complain at the payment of forty cents,_ if
instead of having- to depend on the pension
agent, as under the existing law, he has a check
placed in his hands on the United States Treas-
ury good for the amount of his pension less
forty cents.
I think the House is now fully prepared to
vote on the question.
Mr. HAYNARD. I understand that my
amendment is pending.
The SPEAKER. It is superseded for the
present by the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] to recommit the
bill with instructions.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to add to my
amendment the words " and that the commit-
tee have leave to report at any time."
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent. Is there any objection ?
Mr. JUDD. I object.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I demand, then, the
previous question on the amendment as already
submitted, but yield for a few moments to the
gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. For the dim-
inution of expense to the pensioners which
is secured by this bill I think the committee
deserve credit. Bat they have not gone far
enough. The reasons which induced them to
diminish tho expense three quarters, as they
say, ought to have induced them to wipe it out
altogether. We know that the pensioners are
the poorest class of men, pecuniarily, that we
have in our country, and we know that they
are more poorly paid than any other class in
proportion to the sacrifices they have made for
the country. 1 think, therefore, that it is our
duty to give them this small pittance which we
dole out to them without any charge upon it
whatever.
As has been said by the gentleman who has
reported this bill, it is a mere question whether
the Government shall pay this charge or the
pensioners. I am very decidedly in favor of
having the Government pay it. It may seem
a small thing to gentleman drawing $5,000 a
year, but to the pensioner, who is drawing his
few dollars a month, it is a very considerable
amount. Now, I believe that the sentiment
of this House is in favor of having the Govern-
ment pay this additional compensation if the
pension agent has to have an increase; but as
there seems to be some uncertainty upon that
point, as the minds of members are not clear
as to whether he is not paid sufficient without
any additional compensation, I shall favor hav-
ing the bill recommitted. The whole question
as to how much compensation these pension
agents ought to have can then be considered,
and tho House can vote upon it more under-
standiiigiy.
Mr. LAWRENCE resumed the lloor.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me a few moments?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BECK. I desire to call the attention
of the House to one fact in connection with the
statement just made by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.] He announced to
us ihat the fourth section of this bill, if the
Government paid the expense, would cost the
Government $160,000. He now proposes that
the pensioners shall pay that §160,000. I
understand that there are fifty-five pension
o cronpipo
"Mr. LAWRENCE. Fifty-nine.
Mr. BECK. That makes an increase of
nearly three thousand dollars to the present
salary of each pension agent, and the average
now, as I understand from the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Lawkenui;,] is nearly or quite
seven thousand dollars. Therefore the pro-
vision of this bill, whether the money is paid
by the pensioners or by the Government, is
equivalent to giving to each pension agent a
salary of nearly ten thousand dollars a year for
his services, -which I think is altogether too
much to pay any officer in that position.
Besides that, as I said when I was up before,
it is shown before the Committee on Appropri-
ations that most enormous frauds are being
perpetrated by false personations and in every-
thing connected with these pensions. The agent
lives sometimes three or four hundred miles
away from the pensioner, and the only remedy
against frauds now is to send special agents
and detectives from the Department here to
trace the frauds if they can; and under the
system that prevails here now every special
agent that is sent out by the Department is paid
ten cents per mile mileage going and return-
ing. An agent, for instance, is sent to Nash-
ville, say a thousand miles, to detect frauds,
and the Department pays him $100 for riding
there, when he can get in the cars and go there
at an expense of twenty dollars! That is the
way the thing works; and the salaries of the
special agents as clerks run on in the Depart-
ment ail the time they are gone. You have got
to cut all that off, gentlemen of the House, by
requiring the postmaster at each money-order
post office in the country to attend to this busi-
ness, and they will be able to report the deaths,
marriages, &c., in their respective counties.
If you do not do that you will spend millions
of dollars for useless machinery.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I now move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being first upon Mr.
Lawrence's motion to recommit the bill with
instructions.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
G9. noes 43.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KELLEY called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
JlrCIIIOAN LAND GRANT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, in answer
to a resolution of the House of the loth of
December, 1809, relative to the acceptp.nce of
certain lands granted to the State of Michigan
in June, 1850, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Grand Haven to Flint; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, aud ordered to be printed.
Sl'IilSGlflKLD ARMORY, ETC.
I he SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting to the House, in accordance with the act
of Congress approved April 2,1794, a statement
of the expenditures of the National Armory at
Springfield, and the arms and repairs to arms
made at said armory during the year 1869 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printnd.
110ck island bridge.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of "War, transmit-
ting co the House a report of' the chief of en-
gineers upon the Rock Island bridge ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
i.smvicii vs. miit;;—Tennessee.
^The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional papers in the contested-election case
of JolinW. Leftwicli vs. William J. Smith,
from the eighth congressional district of the
State of Tennessee; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
'I he question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Cox, that the House adjourn ; and being
taken, upon a division there were—ayes one
hundred and ten, noes not counted.
