1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4491
therein named from the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes.
ThcV ICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of the bill indicated
by the Senator from South Carolina?
Mr. SUMNER. I object. It is too whole-
sale a bill.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill returned
from the House of Representatives with an
amendment, now lying on the table, which I
should like to have referred.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment, of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national currency
of coin notes, and to equalize the distribution
of circulating notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move its reference to
the Committe on Finance, and that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL llEX'EKBiSD.
The joint, resolution (H. R. No. 330) donating
condemned cannon for a soldiers' monument
at Jersey City, New Jersey, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill(H. It. No. 986)
to abolish the franking privilege is before the
Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to pass over
that bill and all other orders and proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 969, to
relieve certain persons therein named from the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope that will not be
done. I hope we shall proceed with and finally
dispose of the bill abolishing the franking priv-
ilege to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I objcet to debate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is this motion
debatable ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is the motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To pass over the
bill to abolish the franking privilege and all
other orders for the purpose of considering
the bill (S. No. 969) to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes; upon which the "yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 31; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Oarperttei. Oasserly, ColovDavis, Ham-
ilton ol' Maryland, Harris, Johnston.Kellogg, Lewis,
Nye, Pool, Robertson, lioss, Sawyer, Spencer,
f*praguc, Stewart, Stockton, Thunnan, Vickcri, and
Warner—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Hamilton
ot Texas, Ha.mhn, Harlan, Howard, Howe, llowcll,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill ox Vermont,
Morton. Patterson, Pomcn y, Pratt, Ramsey, lliee,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Williams, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT— Messrs. Anthony, Cattell. Conkling, !
Cragm, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, McUreery, Nor- |
toa, Osborn, Hovels, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Willey, j
uud Yates—15.
So the motion was not agreed to. I
CONSULAR SERVICE.
Mr. SUMNER. Before proceeding with
that bill I wish to enter a motion to reconsider
the passage of the bill (S. No. 076) to amend
an act entitled "An act to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United
States," passed August, IS, 1856, and for other
purposes; and as I suppose the bill has left
tile Senate, I ask that the Secretary be directed
to request its return from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to know
for what purpose.
Mr. SUMNER,. In order to consider a ques-
tion that was not touched at all as to section
five.
Mr. CHANDLER. What is that question?
Mr. SUMNER. The question of consular
clerks.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the vote will not
be reconsidered.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no question of
reconsideration now. I enter my motion to
reconsider, and merely ask that the bill be
returned from the House of Representatives
for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
isiii.T, in the chair.) The Senator from Massa-
chusetts moves to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the bill in reference to the diplo-
matic and consular service; and as the bill has
been sent to the House of Representatives, he
asks the adoption of a resolution directing the
Secretary to request from the House its return
tothe Senate. Thequestion is on theadoption
of that resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we had better
act on the motion to reconsider now. I do
not think we ought to bring the bill back.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider will be entered and the question
taken at once on the resolution requesting the
return of the bill from the House of Represent-
atives. The Senate cannot act on the motion
to reconsider until the bill is here. Theques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, requesting the return of the bill
from the House of Representatives.
The resolution was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
MESSAGE FROM T1IE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House further insisted upon its dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. 11. No. 781) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
30,1871, agreed to the further conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
W. H. Eelsey of New York, Mr. W. E. Nib-
lack of Indiana, and Mr. Benjamin P. But-
ler of Massachusetts, managers at the same
on its part.
The message also announced that, the House
had passed a joint resolution (II. R, No. 329) in
relation to the contest between the people of
Cuba and the Government of Spain, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ADRIAN SOLDiERs' MOMU.MISNT.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish permission at this
time to make a report. The Committee on
Military Affairs have had under consideration
the joint resolution (II. R. No. 324) granting
condemned guns to the Soldiers' Monument
Association of Adrian, Michigan, and report
it back and recommend its passage. As I do
not think there will be a single objection to it,
I should like to have it passed now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mi'. HO WE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Michigan a question. We have just passed a
bill allowing every county and every city in the
United States to have these condemned can-
non on request. Does not that cover this
case ?
_ Mr. HOWARD. I think not. _ This is a
little association of persons in Adrian, Michi-
gan, who call themselves the Soldiers' Monu-
ment Association, and they are endeavoring to
erect, a monument at that place. I hope there
will he no objection to the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sea-
ate without amendment, ordered toathird read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 986) to abolish the franking privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until the second Monday
of December next.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the bill be
postponed indefinitely; and on that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THAYER. Will the Chair state the
question again ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, to postpone the bill until the second
Monday of December ; but the Senator from
Tennessee moves to postpone it indefinitely,
which has priority under the rules, and the
yeas and nays have been ordered on the motion
to postpone indefinitely.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no hesitation in say-
ing that I shall deem it my duty t.o vote against
this bill if it is not amended. I will not vote
for a measure which is not, if I may so express
myself, a working measure, complete in itself;
and by the confession of the partisans of this
bill this is no such measure. It is not a work-
ing measure. The Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morto"] last evening recognized it as entirely
crude, immature, unfashioned, defective. I do
not use his language, but I do nothing but fol-
low bis idea. I think, therefore, that this bill
ought not to be accepted by the Senate in its
present shape.
But I am anxious to do something in this
matter. I am ready for amendments. I am
ready to unite with the abolition of what I call
the franking system, not the franking privilege,
cheap postage for all; and can that be secured
you will give to the country a great boon. I
wish all the Senate could unite in doing that
great service for civilization and for republican
institutions. In the hope that the Senate may
be willing to do something in that direction I
shall vote against the indefinite postponement;
but should the Senate fail to mature the bill
and to make it worthy of this country and of
our civilization 1 shall deem it my duty to vote
against it.
Mr. TIPTON. I do not feel much concern
in regard to what disposition shall be made
of this bill; first, beeause the people have
enjoyed the franking privilege for so many
years that now I am not willing to dispense
with it until there is a satisfactory substitute
perfected and adopted ; and I would prefer to
see such a substitute adopted and a clause
attached to it repealing all laws not in accord-
ance with it.
The voice of the people has not been uttered,
and I am not under any instructions in regaid
to this question. Those who have petitioned
here have petitioned under a misapprehension,
and their petitions cannot therefore have much
weight with the Senate. Why have these peti-
tions come here ?
It has become popular, and I can scarcely
tell why, to attack Congress and the privileges
and immunities of members of Congress ; and
hence the people have been so far mistaken on
the subject of the franking privilege as that
they have not understood anything in regard
to the import of the phrase " franking privi-
lege." Even a State Legislature which sent a
joint resolution here asking us to abolish the
franking privilege declares that "the franking
privilege is enjoyed by members of Congiess,"
and then say, "The people of the whole coun-
try are heavily taxed i'or the support of this
monopoly enjoyed by members of Congress."
And then the Postmaster General, on page 24
of his last report, says;
" The fritnkiBfe privilege has grown to he an abuse
