1870.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
646
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
tracks, and oilier needful uses in operating the
road, not exceeding forty acres at any one
place ; and, also, each alternate section of the
public lands, not mineral, excepting coal or
iron lands, designated by odd numbers nearest
to said road, to the amount of ten such alter-
nate sections per mile, on each side thereof,
not otherwise disposed of or reserved or held
by valid preemption or homestead right at the
time of the passage of this act. And in case
the quantity of ten full sections per mile can-
not be found on each side of said road, within
the said limits of twenty miles, other lands
designated as aforesaid shall be selected under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior
on either side of any part of said road nearest
to and "not more than twenty-five miles from
the track of said road to make up such defi-
ciency.
Sec. 2. And be it f urther enacted, That the
Commissioner of the General Land Office shall
cause the lands along the line of the said rail-
road to be surveyed with all convenientspeed.
And whenever and as often as the said com-
pany shall file with the Secretary of the Inte-
rior maps of the survey and location of twenty
or more miles of said road, the said Secretary
shall cause the said granted lands adjacent to
and conterminous with such located sections of
road to be segregated from the public lands;
and thereafter the remaining public lands, sub-
ject to sale within the limits of the said grant,
shall be disposed of only to actual settlers at
double the minimum price for such lands: And
provided also, That settlers under the provis-
ions of the homestead act who comply with the
terms and requirements of said act, shall be
entitled, within the said limits of twenty miles,
to patents tor an amount not exceeding eighty
acres each of the said ungranted lands, any-
thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
whenever and as often as the said company
shall complete and equip twenty or more con-
secutive miles of the said railroad and tele-
graph, the Secretary of the Interior shall cause
the same to be examined, at the expense of the
company, by three commissioners appointed
by him ; and if they shall report that such com-
pleted section is a first-class railroad and tele-
graph, properly equipped and ready for use,
he shall cause patents to be issued to the com-
pany for so much of the said granted lands as
shall be adjacent to and conterminous with the
said complected [completed] sections.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
said alternate sections of land granted by this
act, excepting only such as are necessary for
the company to reserve for depots, stations,
side-tracks, wood-yards, standing ground, and
other needful uses in operating the road, shall
be sold by the company only to actual settlers,
in quantities not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres or a quarter section to any one set-
tler, and at prices not exceeding two dollars
and fifty cents per acre.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, 1 hat the
said company shall, by mortgage or deed of
trust to two or more trustees, appropriate and
set apart all the net proceeds of the sales of the
said granted lands, as a sinking fund, to bekept
invested in the bonds of the United States or
other safe and moreproductivesecurities,for the
purchase from time to time, and the redemp-
tion at maturity, of the first mortgage construe
tion bonds of the company, on the road depots,
stations, side-tracks, and wood-yards, not ex_
ceeding thirty thousand dollars per mile of
road, payable in gold coin not longer than
thirty years from date, with interest payable
semi-annually in coin not exceeding the [rate]
of seven per centum per annum ; and no part
of the principal or interest of the said fund
shall be applied to any other use until all the
said bonds shall have been purchased or- re-
deemed and canceled ; and each of the said first
mortgage bonds shall bear the certificate of the
trustees, setting forth the manner in which the
same is secured and its payment provided for.
And the district court of the United States,
concurrently with the State courts, shall have
original jurisdiction, subject to appeal and
writ of error, to enforce the provisions of this
section.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That
the said company shall file with the Secretary
of the Interior its assent to this act within one
year from the time of its passage; and the fore-
goinggrantisupon condition that said company
shall complete a section of twenty or_ more
miles of said railroad and telegraph within two
years, and the entire railroad and telegraph
within six years, from the same date.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
Chap. LXX.—An Act to authorize the Corpor-
ate Authorities of the City of G-eorgetown,
in the District of Columbia, to Pave and
Improve the Streets thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the corporation of
the city of Georgetown shall have full power
and authority to lay taxes on particular wards,
parts or sections of the city, for their particu-
lar local improvements, and to cause the curb-
stones to be set the foot and carriage-ways, or
so much thereof as they may deem best, to
be graded, paved, graveled or otherwise im-
proved ; to introduce the necessary sewerage
and drainage facilities, u nder and upon the whole
or any portion of any avenue, street, or alley ;
to cause the same to be suitably graded, paved,
graveled or otherwise improved and repaired,
and at all times properly cleaned and watored;
to cause lamps to be erected therein, and to
light the same; and to pay the cost thereof,
the said corporation of Georgetown is hereby
authorized for the purposes of grading, paving,
graveling, or otherwise improving and repair-
ing any avenue, street, or alley, or any part
thereof, to lay and collect a general tax for the
same, or any part of the cost thereof, upon all
the property of said city, or upon all property
bordering upon such avenue, street, or alley,
or any part thereof that may be graded, grav-
eled, paved, or otherwise improved or repaired;
and that for the purpose of sewerage, the said
corporation shall have power to lay and col-
lect a tax equal to the expense, or any part
thereof, upon all property bordering upon such
avenue, street, or alley that may be so sewered,
or any property benefited thereby, in accord-
ance with the provisions of this act; and also
to be laid, or cause to be laid, simultaneously
with the grading, graveling, paving, or other-
wise improving any avenue, street, or alley, or
at any other time in which a main water-pipe,
main gas-pipe, or main sewer may have been
or shall be laid, water or gas service-pipes or
lateral house-drains from such water or gas
main, or main sewer, to one foot within tiie
curb lino in front of every lot, or subdivisional
part of a lot, which may bound on such avenue,
street, or alley, and to which a gas or water
service pipe or house-drain may not have been
already laid; and to pay the cost thereof, shall
have full power and authority to lay and collect
a special tax on every such lot or part of lot.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act to extend the Time
within which Persons elected to Office may
take the Oath of Office prescribed in an
Act entitled "An Act to Admit the State of
Texas to Representation in the Congress of
the United States," approved March thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy.
Be it cnactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States oj America in
Congress assembled, That all persons uuiy
elected to office in the State of Texas, and hold-
ing the proper certificate of such election, shall
have thirty days from April thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy, within which to take, sub-
scribe, and file the oath of office prescribed iu
the act of Congress approved March thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy, for the admission
of the State of Texas to representation in the
Congress of the United States.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
Chap. LXXII.—An Act to provide for the
Revision and Consolidation of the Statutes
of the United States.
Beit cnactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act approved
.Tune twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, entitled "An act to provide for the
revision and consolidation of the statute laws
of the United States," be, and the same is
hereby, revived; and the President is author-
ized. by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint three commissioners to
prosecute and complete the work prescribed
by said act: Provided, That the said commis-
sioners shall devote their entire time and atten-
tion to their duties as commissioners, and shall
receive no compensation after said work shall
be completed, norfor alonger period than three
years from the time when this act shall take
effect.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
Ciiap. LXXni.—An Act amendatory of the
Organic Law of Colorado Territory, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate mid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the organic law of
the 'Territory of Colorado be,' and the samo is
hereby, so far amended that an appeal shall
be allowed from any final order, judgment, or
decree of any probate court in said Territory to
the district court of the district within which
such probate court is held, under such proper
regulations as shall be prescribed by the law of
said Territory; and hereafter no writ of error
or appeal shall be allowed from any decision
of a probate court directly to the supreme court
of said Territory.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Legislative Assembly of said Territory may, by
general incorporation laws, authorize persons
to associate themselves together as bodies-cor-
porate for charitable or educational purposes.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
Chap. LXXI V.—An Act to authorize the Issu-
ing of a Certificate of Registry or Enroll-
ment to the Schooners " Zenas Snow" and
" Patriot."
Whereas the schooners "Zenas Snow" and
"Patriot" are American-built vessels, and
being [have been] denationalized by a sale of
a small fraction of ouch to a foreigner, who has
since become naturalized; and whereas, alter
seizure by the United States, the said vessels
have been under the laws restored to the owners
thereof by the Treasury Department: There-
Be it enacted by the Senate and JIov.se of Rep-
resentatives of ike United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is lierebv, authorized to
issue a certificate of registry or enrollment to
the schooners "Zenas Snow" and "Patriot."
Approved, May 4, 1870.
Ciiap. LXXV.—An Act to Incorporate the
Washington and Boston Steamship Com-
pany.
Beit evaded byihe Senate and 11o we of ^ h dp-
rcxiiidiilicoi of the Untied tiitdes <j America m
assembled, That James S. Gi'intieii,
