1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at three o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of N. Morrow
and others, citizens of Atchison county, Mis-
souri, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Rodney Glaizer and
others, of Livingston county, Missouri, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of August W. Schulenberg
and others, citizens of St. Louis, asking that
soda-ash, caustic soda, sal-soda, and bleaching
powder be admitted free of duty.
Also, the petition of William Spear and
others, residents of Mercer county, Missouri,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BENNETT : The memorial of
Charles E. Perry, for increase of salary as
United States consul at Agpinwall.
By Mr. BROOKS, of New York: The
memorial of H. L. and George Griswold, and
of a large number of New York shipowners
and merchants, praying for free trade in ships,
and setting forth that the present tariff is driv-
ing the American commercial flag from the
ocean.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Thomas H. Lawrence and 45 others, citizens
of Falmouth, Massachusetts, asking for the
repeal of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CESSNA: The petition of Jacob F.
Countryman, for relief.
Also, the petition of Charles L. Fisher, for
a pension.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of Mrs. Barbara Roth, of Richland county,
Wisconsin, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Henry Welden, late
sutler to the tenth and nineteenth regiments
United States infantry, for damages for loss of
stores burnt at Gaines's Mill, Virginia, by order
of General George Sykes, on the 27th day of
June, 1862.
By Mr. COOK : A petition from citizens of
Naperville, Du Page county, Illinois, praying
for the compulsory prepayment o^all domestic
postages.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hinsdale, Du
Page county, Illinois, praying for compulsory
prepayment of all domestic postages.
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of George
W. Jenkins and a large number of others, cit-
izens of Woodford county, Illinois, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: The petition of D. W.
Maxon and 100 others, citizens of the county
of Washington, in the State of Wisconsin, for
the repeal of the tariff on iron, cloths, leather,
salt, &c.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of W. J.
Button, Nathan Crosby, Frederick J. Russell,
and 30 others, of Oceana county, praying for
the repeal of the duty on hides.
Also, the petition of F\ M. Sammons, F. E.
Goodnow, Edgar Conkling, and 210 others, of
Sheyboygan county, Michigan, praying for an
appropriation of $100,000 for the improvement
of the harbor at the mouth of the Sheboygan
river, Michigan.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : A petition
of citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio, relative
to the proposed reduction of import duties on
jute and gunny manufactures, and praying
that the same be not reduced.
Also, a memorial of the Association for the
Improvement of the Condition of the Poor of
Washington City.
By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of citizens
of Adams county, Illinois, praying Congress to
provide by law for the compulsory prepay-
ment of all domestic postages except on such
matter as may be entitled to free delivery by
special enactment.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hancock
county, Illinois, asking Congress to allow to
Cuba the rights of a belligerent Power and to
recognize her independence.
Also, a petition of citizens of Adams county,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. KELSEY: A petition of 153 citi-
zens of Penn Yan, New York, asking pensions
for veterans and widows of veterans of the war
of 1812.
Also, a petition of 129 citizens of Geneva,
New York, for the same.
Also, a petition of 02 citizens of Phelps,
New York, for the same.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of E. Schenei-
der & Co., and others, asking certain articles
to be admitted duty free.
By Mr. LAFLIN : The petition of L. Ingalls
and 107 others, of Watertown, Jefferson county,
New York, in favor of the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. J. Malcolm and 40
others, of Leyden, Lewis county, New York,
of similar purport.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Mrs.
Polly W. Cotton, widow of Wayne W. Cotton,
late Captain seventh Tennessee infantry, pray-
ing for arrears of pay.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: A
petition of certain citizens of the State of Mis-
souri, asking that soda-ash, caustic soda, sal-
soda, bicarbonate of soda, bleaching powder,
and chloride of lime be admitted free of duty.
Also, a petition of citizens of the United
States, asking for an appropriation of $200,000
to remove obstructions in the Mississippi river
opposite St. Genevieve, in the State of Mis-
souri.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of Robert
Sutherland, of Iowa, asking pay for certain
military services.
Also, the memorial of William T. Slotts, of
Iowa, praying for the amendment of an act
to aid the improvement of the Des Moines and
Rock Island rapids, in the Mississippi river.
Also, the petition of W. II. Darrow and
others, of Cairo, Iowa, praying the passage of
a law for the compulsory prepayment of all
domestic postages except upon such matter as
may be entitled to free delivery.
Also, a petition of soldiers of the war of
1812 residing in Iowa, praying the passage of
a law to grant pensions to such soldiers.
By Mr. MERCUR : A petition of 77 cit-
izens of Burlington, Bradford, county, Penn-
sylvania, asking that the franking privilege be
abolished.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of citizens of
Warren county, Indiana, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of citizens of Boone county,
Indiana, asking for the prepayment of postage
on newspapers.
Also, the petition of F. M. Davis, of Indi-
ana, asking for a pension.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of citizens
of Coffee Creek, Indiana, asking for the com-
pulsory prepayment of all domestic postage on
printed matter.
By Mr. PAINE: The memorial of G. K.
Gilmer, relating to the admission of Virginia to
representation in Congress.
Also, the petition of W. M. Jaques and 29
others, citizens of AVaukesha, Wisconsin, for
a repeal of the duty on foreign hides.
.Also, the petition of General E. A. Paine, of
Illinois, for back pay of Captain Phelps Paine.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant J. P. Story,
for joint resolution authorizing promotion by
the President.
Also, the petition of Guide Pfister and 10
others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for
repeal of the duty on foreign hides.
Also, the petition of Jacob Levil, ot Mil-
waukee, for bounty.
Also, resolutions of the Free Trade League
of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in favor of a repeal
of the duty on coal.
Also, the memorial of Thomas M. Brown, of
Virginia, relating to the admission of Virginia
to representation in Congress.
Also, resolutions adopted by the common
council of the city of Milwaukee, in favor of
the Michigan ship-canal and the Fox and Wis-
consin improvement.
Also, resolutions of the common council of
Milwaukee, in favor of aid by the General Gov-
ernment to the Northern Pacific railroad.
Also, the memorial of W. F. Powell, relating
to the admission of Virginia to representation
Also, the petition of Major E. F. Townsend,
for a modification of the law relating to pay
of officers absent on leave.
Also, the petition of Captain Florian Ries,
seventeenth Wisconsin infantry, for a .modifi-
cation of the law relating to three months'
extra pay of officers.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant A. C. Tay-
lor, United States Army, for modification of
law providing for pay of officers.
Also, the petition of Patrick Murphy and 13
others, inmates of the National Asylum at
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for the enactment of a
law furnishing wooden legs to soldiers once in
five years.
Also, the petition of W. 11. Herron and 92
others, citizens of Sharon, Wisconsin, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. B. Yunker and 21
others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, foi
repeal of duty on foreign hides.
By Mr. PALMER: A petition from inhabit-
ants of Corning, Adams county, Iowa, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of Glen-
wood, Mills county, Iowa, for a reduction of
the duties on raw hides.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of W. W.
Leake, of Wachita county, Arkansas, asking
for the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. SCHENCK: A petition of county
officers and citizens of Warren county, Ohio,
praying for the passage of a special act granting
a pension to the minor heirs of Jerry Stroud,
private company G, twenty-fifth United States
colored infantry.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Jane Daws, of
Cincinnati, mother of privateWilliam E. Daws,
company E, twenty-seventh Ohio volunteer
infantry, deceased, praying for a pension.
Also, the memorial and petition of Eliphalet
Brown, jr., an artist in the Japan naval expe-
dition, praying for relief.
Also, the petition of John Hamilton, late
sergeant company F, eighth Missouri volunteer
infantry, praying for pension.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A petition of officers
and members of Kings County Medical So-
ciety, relative to medical officers of the Navy.
Also, a petition for the relief of Harriet M.
White.
Also, a petition for the relief of Jared Keen
and others.
Also, a petition for the relief of Charles
Kerns and others.
Also, a petition of 410 soldiers for increase
of pension.
Also, a petition of letter-carriers of Brooklyn
for increase of pay.
By Mr. STEVENSON: A petition from the
Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce, praying that
Cincinnati be made a port of entry, with every
proper facility for direct importation of foreign
products. „ „
By Mr. STOUGHTON : The petition of B.
H. Dykeman, Samuel Rogers, and many others,
residents of South Haven, Michigan, asking
for an appropriation of §72,000 for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of boutii
Black river, in the county of Van Buren, m the
State of Michigan. w ,
Also, the petition of A. Scoheld, L. -r. vva -
lace, and others, citizens of Branch county,
Michigan, praying for the repeal ol the duty
ol W. W. SM,, Charles
