1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
to be given. If il is accidental) then a change
should bo made. Why authorize some to bank
exclusively on four per cent, bonds, requiring
others to have equal quantities of fives, four
and a halfs, and fours, and yet give to each
the same per cent, of currency? As a mat-
ter of course the security to the bill-holder is
not so good in the case of a bank baaking exclu-
sively on four per cents as it is in the other
case.
Here is another difference, and I presume
this is accidental also. The ninth section pro-
vides that the amount of circulating notes which
any bank may receive from the Comptroller of
the Currency under the provisions of section
twenty-one of the national banking act may
equal but not exceed eighty per cent, of the
par value of the bonds deposited. Any new
bank that is to be formed will only receive
eighty per cent of currency for the bonds de-
posited ; but the old banks that are required to
substitute the new bonds for the old are not
required to yield up the additional ten per cent,
or the difference between ninety per cent, and
eighty per cent There is a difference of ten
per cent, in favor of the old banks as against
the new, and why is it? The Senator from
Ohio says it applies to both the old and the
new. We will read it, and see whether it does
or not:
That the amount of circulating notes which any
bank may receive from the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, under the provisions of section twenty-one of
said act, may equal but not exceed eighty per eent.
of the par value of the bonds deposited.
The old banks have got their currency. They
are not to receive any more unless they increase
their capital. They are not the parties to re-
ceive. It is the new banks that are to receive
currency. There is no provision requiring the
old banks to surrender up ten per cent of their
amount.
Mr. President, there is another feature of
this bill to which I wish to call attention, and
that is the feature of contraction. The Sena-
tor from New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson]
discussed this bill as a bill for contraction ; the
Senator from New York [Mr. Fenton] dis-
cussed it as a bill for contraction of the cur-
rency. They are both in favor of contraction.
The chairman of the committee does not avow
himself in favor of it; but if this bill does not
contract the currency it is because it will be
inoperative. If the bill will work, if these
bonds can be negotiated as contemplated by
the bill, then it will contract the currency sud-
denly and powerfully.
How do I prove this? I prove it first by
reference to the third section of the bill, which
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
negotiate the four per cent, bonds at no less
than their par value for coin or at his discretion
in United States notes. Now, what shall he
do with the notes when he gets them ? What
use shall he make of them? Suppose he sells
$100,000,000 of four per cent, bonds for
$100,000,000 of United States notes or green-
backs, what shall he do with the notes? Shall
he pay them out again in the current expenses
of the Government? If he does, that brings
him in conflict with the concluding part of the
section which declares "that there shall be
no increase in the aggregate debt of the United
States in consequence of any issues author-
ized by thia act. If $100,000,000 of green-
backs be funded into $100,000,000 of four per
cent, bonds, and then the greenbacks be issued
again in payment of the current expenses of
the Government, you have increased the bonded
debt $100,000,000 and the Government still
owes the same amount of greenbacks. That
is prohibited. Therefore, to make the whole
section in harmony with itself, when these
greenbacks are received at the Treasury they
must be canceled, or at least held in reserve,
and that contracts the currency.
I will not, Mr. President, repeat to day the
arguments I have offered heretofore against a
contraction of the currency. The sentiment
of the whole nation is against it. There is a
far larger portion of our people who are in
favor of inflating the currency than of con-
tracting it. The people in the Northwest are
inflexibly opposed to a contraction of the cur-
rency. It may be the interest of the eastern
States, of what are sometimes called the cred-
itor States, to contract the currency, because
the debts are owing to them; they are all
money-lenders; the volume of their debts will
not be diminished by the contraction of the
currency, but the ability of the rest of the coun-
try to pay will be diminished according to the
amount of the contraction ; but so far as the
western States and the southern States are con-
cerned their interest is absolutely against con-
traction, and they are inflexibly opposed to it.
Again, I make the statement, and I want it
understood, that if this bill does not contract
the currency it is simply because the bill will
not work; because it is a failure in great part.
It authorizes the Secretary to fund these green-
backs at pleasure into four per cent, bonds, and
then provides in the conclusion of that same
section that the aggregate debt shall not be in-
creased, and that will prohibit him from paying
out these greenbacks for the current expenses
of the country. He might use them in buying
up live-twenty bonds in the market, as he is '
doing bow; but that would increase the aggre- j
gate debt just to the amount of the premium j
that he paid on the five-twenty bonds. !
Now, sir, the funding of greenbacks is a
favorite theory with many Senators who desire
to return to specie payments and bring the
currency up to par. I disagree with that idea,
and I have before given my reasons for it. I
believe that the greenbacks are the best instru-
mentality for returning to specie payments and
for bringing the whole body of the currency up
to par. I do not believe that a greater mis-
take could be made, so far as that purpose is
concerned, than by retiring all the greenbacks,
or any considerable portion of them. Sir,
would you give par value to your national
bank currency simply by retiring the green-
backs? Would retiring the greenbacks add
one dollar to the value of the bank currency ?
I ask if the bank currency is not now sustained
and kept up to an equal value with the green-
backs simply because it is convertible into
greenbacks and the banks are bound to re-
deem their notes in greenbacks? I do not
hesitate to make the prediction that if you
strike out that provision of the law requiring
the national banks to redeem their notes in
greenbacks the national bank currency would
go down at once from ten to twenty per cent.
No, sir; the greenbacks are the medium of
returning to specie payments. Let me call the
attention of the Senator from Massachusetts,
who has spoken often and earnestly on this
subject, to one fact. He believes, as does the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Patter-
son] and the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Fenton,] that we cannot bring all our cur-
rency to par without reducing the volume of it.
Sir, the greenback dollar to-day is worth about
eighty-six cents, if I am not mistaken, on the
dollar. The whole volume of our currency is
$700,000,000, and it is now worth over six
hundred million dollars in gold,and $90,000,000
of that value has been added to it since the 1st
day of September last; and we now have to
add less than one hundred million dollars in
value to the whole volume to bring it all up
to par.
Sir, we can bring it up to par without con-
tracting it to the amount of one dollar ; we
can bring it up to par without retiring a single
greenback; and when you get the currency to
par, then is the time, and not till then, to retire
the greenbacks.
I therefore ask the Senate, and I especially
ask the Senators from the western and the
southern States, who are particularly interested
in this matter, that they shall give their con-
sent to no provision of this bill that looks to
the contraction of the currency. They must
not be urged to vote for such a provision upon
the ground that the bill will not operate, and
therefore will not have that effect. If the bill
will not operate at all that is a good reason for
voting against the inoperative parts, but if it
will operate it will bring about exactly that
state of things which will involve the whole
South and West in extreme distress.
I have all along been inflexibly opposed
to this policy of retiring the greenbacks, and
now I will mention another objection to it.
Sir, as you convert the greenbacks into four,
five, or six per cent, bonds you increase the
interest-bearing debt. The Senator from New
Hampshire said that if you funded all the green-
backs into four per cent, bonds it would make
only about ^fifteen million dollars of interest
a vear. Sir, we are struggling now to save
$18,000,000 a year by funding $1,200,000,000
of five-twenties into bonds bearing a lower rate
of interest. The thing to be gained by doing
that is $18,000,000 a year, and at the same time
it is proposed to fund $356,000,000 of legal-
tender notes into bonds that will increase the
payment of interest $15,000,000 a year, and
so take the whole operation together you only
gain $3,000,000. That is not a very large
speculation. Let us understand it. If we
shall fund $1,200,000,000, as proposed by the
terms of this bill, we save $18,000,000 of in-
terest, and if we convert $356,000,000 of Uni-
ted States notes into interest-bearing bonds,
even at four per cent., we add to our annual
interest over fourteen million dollars, and we
have less than four million dollars to gain by
this speculation."
Mr. CASSERLY. I beg the Senator from
Indiana to let me interrupt him for a moment.
There is a fact in history connected with the
funding of the English debt which makes very
strongly in favor of his argument, that the rate
of interest proposed in this bill renders it so
far an impracticable bill, because, as he says,
and as I think correctly, it will not be possible
to float the bonds proposed by this bill at four
or even four and a half per cent. The English
debt has been referred to more or less in the
discussion, as an example of a debt which was
carried at a rate of interest as low as three per
cent. By one Senator it was said that this was
becanse by usage and by law the English se-
curities were much sought after as a mode of
investment for trust and other funds more or,
less permanent in their nature. The history
of that debt, however, is that it is not a three
per cent, debt in any just sense of the word
as applicable to this discussion. It never was
floated in the beginning at three per cent. On
the contrary, the great body of securities that
go under the general name of consols were
created for the purpose of taking up outstand-
ing bonds of the Government bearing different
rates of interest, from four to four and a half
and even five per cent and over. Even at that
time, now many years ago, the statesmen who
ruled England foresaw that their debt was a
perpetual one; that the question of paying off
the principal of the dew was not a practical
question; that the only practical question was
the interest on the debt and how to reduce it
aa low as possible. Hence the policy which
they finally adopted in taking up the old debt:
for every £100 of the old debt bearing, say, four
and a half per cent, interest, they issued £150
of the new security bearing three per eent. in-
terest. Practically, therefore, the old debt was
funded at four and a half per cent, interest.
What was given up was £100 of the old debt,
bearing four and a half per cent., and for
this the Government issued £150 of the new
bonds at three per cent. Several times, when
that Government undertook to float a bond at
three per cent or four per cent, interest, it
rarely succeeded in doing so with their three
per cents at better than sixty on the hundred,
or a four per cent, at better than seventy-five
or seventy-six. It follows that the history of
the English bonded debt, so far from furnish-
ing any argument in favor of the four and four
and a half per cent, bonds of this bill, cor-
