1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2603
zens of Amboy, and also of citizens of Morri-
son, Illinois, remonstrating against the seventh
section of the funding bill.
By Mr. CALKIN : A petition of citizens of
New York city, for the importation of pig lead
free of duty.
By Mr. CESSNA: The petition of Henry
C. Pearson, of the twenty-first Pennsylvania
cavalry, praying for relief.
_ By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: A petition of
citizensof La Fayette county, Wisconsin, for
the abolition of import duties on tea and coffee,
and a reduction of duties on imported sugars.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dane county,
Wisconsin, for the same purposes.
By Mr. COX: The petition of John Francis
Dunn, for pay for the services of his brother
as a soldier.
By Mr. DAWES: A petition of the Com-
mercial Academy of Arts and Sciences, pray-
ing for a reform in the administration of the
astronomical Observatory at Washington.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of Jasper
Eveland, praying an increase of pension.
By Mr. NEGLEY : A petition of 17 national
banks and 150 citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, for amendment of the act for funding
the public debt, now pending before Congress,
known as the Sherman bill, in so far as it relates
to national banks, by striking out the compul-
sory feature of said bill, and that, the banks be
relieved from the provision requiring them to
take any part of the four per cent, bonds ; that
the tax on circulation now prescribed in the
national currency act be entirely omitted, or
reduced to the minimum fraction necessary to
pay the net cost incurred by the Government in
providing said currency ; and that the stock-
holders be relieved from the payment of all
local taxes on such portion of the capital stock
as may be invested in United States bonds.
By Mr. PERCE: The petition of Irwin M.
Fortenberry and others, for the removal of
their political disabilities.
By Mr. SARGENT: A memorial of the
associated veterans of the Mexican war, of San
Francisco, praying for the grant of a piece of
land at the Presidio reservation.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 12, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. B. Peyton Bkowx, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HOUSE DILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. Ii. No. 1395) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshoru A. Jones, Jerome
Rowley, William Hanuegan, and John Ilanne-
gan was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 158) direct-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to deliver the
Mount Yernon relics to Mrs. Mary Custis Lee
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills, which had previously re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the
House of Representatives:
A bill (H. R. No. 601) declaring the consent
of Congress to the erection of a crib in Lake
Erie by the city of Cleveland, Ohio, for the
protection of an inlet for a water-works tunnel
about to be constructed by said city ; and
A bill (IT. R. No. 1713) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for salaries of United
States ministers for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Indiana, signed by William
Grant, aged eighty-three years; William Moore,
aged seventy-eight years ; Cornelius Hutton,
aged seventy-nine years ; John Timmons, aged
eighty-one years, and Thomas Thornton, aged
eighty-six years, soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying that pensions be granted to soldiers
who served during that war; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Rufus
Barker, of Rome, Floyd county, Georgia, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of William Patton, of Connecticut, praying a
renewal of the copyright of the Cottage Bible;
■which was referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of five
hundred a,nd twenty-nine citizens of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, praying the passage
of the bill for the suppression of the traffic in
intoxicating drinks in said District; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SPENCER. I present a petition of Lieu-
tenant Governor Applegate, of Alabama, and
forty other citizens of Mobile, praying a dona-
tion of $50,000 to the Wilberforce University,
located near the city of Xenia, county of Greene,
Ohio. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of B. II.
Padgett, of Rutherford county, North Carolina,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of D. F. Cald-
well, of Guilford county, North Carolina, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee ou
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
Thomas C. Howard, of De Kalb county, Geor-
gia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying the enact-
ment of a law to abolish the manufacture and
sale of all spirituous, malt liquors, and stomach
bitters, except for medicinal and mechanical
purposes; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
C. F. Couch, James A. Taylor, S. B. Chapman,
Randolph Shelon, H. D. Ross, Moses Hylton,
Tyree Barnard, Peter Saunders, jr., David J.
Robertson, Nicholas Brown, Isaac C. Adams,
Samuel D. Staples, A. Adams, Jesse S. Segar,
John A. Segar, Arthurs. Segar, Richard Stone,
and John N. Taylor, of Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities ; which
were reieired to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
REPORT;-i or COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1089) in aid of the execution of the laws
in the Territory of Utah, and for other pur-
poses, have had the same under consideration,
and instructed me to report it back with sev-
eral amendments, and recommend its passage.
I move that this bill be made the special order
for next Monday.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 hope we shall not make
any more special orders. We have tried to
get to the Calendar; but as long as there are
special orders they are first iu order, and we
never shall proceed with the Calendar so long
as there are special orders to take precedence
of it. .This Utah bill may be a very good bill
as amended ; but it was a very bad one, I think,
as it was passed by the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is a difference of
opinion on that point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a report
of a committee, and objection being made to
it, it cannot be considered iu any aspect during
this day.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph
M. Buckland, a soldier of the war of 1812,
who was allowed a pension in 1826, and who
now prays for arrears of pension, have directed
me to submit a written report adverse to his
claim.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 99) to pay loyal citizens in the States
lately in rebellion for services in taking the
United States census of 1860, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (IT. Jt. No. 1596) for the relief of the
Sisters of our Lady of Mercy, of Charleston,
South Carolina, asked to be discharged' from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of William J. Larimsr, praying com-
pensation. for property taken from him by In-
dians in J uly, 1801, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom were referred a memorial of
certain citizens of Johnson county, Kansas, and
also a memorial of certain members of the
Black Bob tribe of Shawnee Indians, have in-
structed mc to submit a report, accompanied
by a joint resolution, the passage of which they
recommend.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 173) in rela-
tion to the sale of the lands of the Black Bob
Indians in Kansas was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
780) for the relief of James E. Young ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted an amendment in-
tended to be offered to the bill (II. R. No. 1169)
makingappropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations, so called,
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON CITY CANAL.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer the following
resolution and askforits presentconsideration:
Resolved, That the Committeo on tlio District of
Columbia bo instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of causing a main covered sewer to bo con-
structed in the abandoned canal in Washington city
for the drainage of said city, and filling up all of
said canal that shall not be occupied by such sewer.
That canal, as everybody knows, is the great-
est nuisance that exists, perhaps, in any city in
the United States. It was made by the Gov-
ernment, abandoned by the Government, and,
in my judgment, the Government ought to fill
it up and provide for a main sewer in it, as
could be done without any extraordinary ex-
pense. The resolution is merely one of inquiry,
and I hope it will be adopted.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
JOINT INDIAN COMMITTEE.
Mr. DRAKE. I rise to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to pass a bill granting a
charter to the American Union Academy of
Literature, Science, and Art in this District,
which has been favorably reported upon by the
Committee on the District of Columbia. It is
merely a literary and scientific institution.
