1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5435
absolutely a contract for the entire building.
That being the state of the case, I propose now
to say that that shall not affect the obligations
of the Government on any outstanding con-
tract.; that he may pay any liability on an out-
standing contract, notwithstanding that limit-
ation. That is precisely what the amendment
means.
Mr. THURMAN. I still do not see it ex-
actly in the light that my friend does. There
was an appropriation of money. That appro-
priation was to be expended upon this build-
ing. The limitation we put on the appropria-
tion was simply a limitation on the entire cost
of the building when constructed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; my hon-
orable friend errs in that. We appropriated
$1,000,000, which it was said was needed at
once, but we said the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, although $1,000,000 are needed, shall
only expend half of it until the contract for the
entire building shall be made. Now a con-
tract is found to exist, on which it becomes
necessary that something should be paid,
although a contract was not made within the
terms of that resolution for the completion of
the entire building. It does not follow at all
that he is relieved from the limitation on the
expense of the building, but he is relieved
from the limitation on the expenditure of that
$500,000 until the contract is made. That is
all it does.
Mr. THURMAN. He may expend under
the act of April last $500,000 before the con-
tract is made for the completion of the build-
ing, and then this bill provides for an appro-
priation of §500,000 more. Now, it seems to
me that that must be quite sufficient to enable
him to pay any amount due or to become due
upon existing contracts for material. I am
very much afraid that the only effect these two
provisions taken together can have is to do
away entirely with the limitation that we have
made.
But let us come to the second proviso and
see how that is, which is more pertinent, per-
haps, to the question :
And provided further, That the total cost of tho
building sh all not exceed the amount ol the estimates
ot the plans approved by the Postmaster General and
Secretary of tiic Treasury.
Now, the chairman says that the act pro-
vided that- certain estimates were to be made
of the cost of the building, and to be approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Post-
master General; and he presumes from that,
from the fact that these estimates were to be
made and appiored by the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Postmaster General, that it
was the intention of Congress that the building
might cost whatever those estimates amounted
to, if they were thus approved. I say that is
an assumption totally inadmissible in the face
of the express provision of the act that the
cost of the building shall not exceed a defi-
nite sum. The only true interpretation would
be this, if any implication were to be drawn
frefm it: that if those estimates were less
than the total sum provided by the act of
Congress, then the cost should not be more
than those estimates; but not that it could
exceed at all that definite specified sum. It
could only operate as a limitation upon the
expenditure, not to increase the expenditure.
The inevitable effect of putting in this proviso
is, by implication, to repeal the proviso in the
other act that the cost of this building shall
not exceed $3,000,000. If the Senate think
that the building ought to cost more than
$3,000,000, let them vote for this proviso ; but
if the Senate are of the opinion that §3,000,-
000 are enough, let them vote against this
proviso.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Congress having
determined that it will build a court-house and
post office at New York, having instructed its
architect to go on and make plans and specifi-
cations for the erection of that building, and
having already expended about a million and
a half of dollars in the construction of the build-
ing in harmony with the plans and specifica-
tions, I submit to my honorable friend, admit-
ting that Congress had in April last limited the
cost of the building absolutely to $3,000,000,
and upon the original plans and specifications
which were authorized by Congress, and it
should turn out that it would cost $3,400,-
000 
Mr. THURMAN. Say $0,000,000; that
will be pretty near it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; say §3,-
500,000; I submit whether he would think it
worth while to hold the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to the limitation of $3,000,000, or whether
he would give the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Postmaster General discretion, if it
becomes necessary in carrying out these plans
and specifications, to add halfa million ? Would
it not be better to do that rather than to say,
"We hold you to the $3,000,000, without regard
to the symmetry of the building, without regard
to its convenience, without regard to those ad-
ditional securities, which upon reflection, these
men say ought to be made?" That is the pre-
cise proposition, and it does not mean anything
morethanthat. It does mean that; butitdoes
not mean anything more.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, we have it con-
fessed that this is to do away with that limit-
ation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, not con-
fessed.
Mr. THURMAN. It amounts to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; you have
it explained. I am not on the stool of repent-
ance.
Mr. THURMAN. And I am no priest to
take your confession either.
On the 20th of April last, we said solemnly
by act of Congress that this building should
not cost more than a certain sum of money;
and now, here at the end of the session, by an
obscure proviso, which does not in a straight-
forward manner repeal that limitation, but gets
around it by indirection, we are to throw this
whole matter open to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Postmaster
General. I say that is not the right way to
legislate. I do not know what will be the cost
of this building. I remember hearing it said
in this Chamber, many years ago, that there
never had been a public building erected within
the estimates by the Government of the United
States, with the exception of the General Post
Office, which was taken by Amos Kendall into
his own hands, and not put into the hands of an
architect to make contracts. Mr. Kendall made
the contracts himself', and built it within the
estimates ; and that is the only public building
ever erected by the United States, I believe,
that was built within the estimates.
Now, sir, I expect that this post office will
cost just as much as these officers intend that
it shall cost, or want it to cost. In some way
or other all limitations will be got around:
and I should not be surprised, if, in the end,
it cost §5,000,000 instead of §3,000,000. But
let us act straightforward about the matter.
If we intend to repeal that limitation of §3,000,-
000, let us repeal it directly, in so many words,
and not in this indirect way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr: Howe
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
after line three hundred and fourteen, to insert
"for barge pffiee at New York, §100,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
"§50,000," in line three hundred and twenty-
five, and insert u $100,000 1 so as to read :
For repairs and preservation of public buildings
under tho control of the Treasury Depaitment,
$100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was I
after line three hundred and forty-six, to in-
sert:
For the extension of thebuilding commonly called
"Winder's building," in like fire-proof manner,
north along the west side of Seventeenth street to G
street, and west along the south sido of G street, two
hundred and ten feet, $300,000, to be expended by
direction of the Secretary of War in purchasing land
and erecting a building thereon, under the super-
vision of the supervising architect of the Treasury;
and the Secretary of "War is hereby authorized to
purchase from the owner or owners thereof? at such
price, not exceeding its actual cash value, as may be
mutually agreed on between the Secretary of War
and such owner or owners, such private property as
may be necessary for carrying this act into effect. If
the Secretary of War shall not be able to agree with
the owner or owners of any private property needed
for the purposes of this act upon the price to be paid
therefor, or if, for any other cause, ho shall be unable
to obtain the title to any of sueh property by mutual
agreement with the owner or owners thereof, it shall
be his duty to make application to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia; which court is hereby
authorized and required, upon such application, in
such mode and under such rules and regulations
as it may adopt, to make a just and equitable ap-
praisement of the cash value of the several inter-
ests of each and every owner of the real estate and
improvements thereon necessary, to be taken forthe
public use in accordance with the provisions of this
act, and to which the Secretary has been unable to
obtain the title by mutual agreement with the owner
or owners theieof.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. That proposition
was suggested by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. There is great neces-
sity for more room at Winder's building.
Mr. THURMAN. Who owns it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Government.
The Government is already paying very large
sums for rents in that neighborhood, and the
Committee on Appropriations were satisfied
that it would be very great economy to make
an extension of that building, to the end that
we may have the accommodations more con-
venient and within the reach of the occupants
of that Department than they are now, located
in buildings outside. On the whole, this propo-
sition, which originates with the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, who recom-
mended it, commends itself to the Committee
on Appropriations as an economical expendi-
ture.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I should like to ask my
friend whether this is not a proposition merely
to build a new War Department?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very far from
that. It lias no connection with the War De-
partment building at all. The proposition for
a new War Department, reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, was
presented as an entirely distinct proposition,
having no connection in the world with this.
This is simply extending the accommodations
of the building on the opposite side of the street
from the War Department.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us see what this is.
For the extension of the building commonly called
"Winder's building."
I do not know what the dimensions of that
are, and I should like to be informed on that
point. It will be a pretty large building when.
it is extended to as to cove'r all the ground that
this amendment proposes; for what is to be
done ?
For tbo extension of the building commonly
called " Winder's building" in like lire-proof man-
ner—
There isnotliingsaidabout "fire-proof" above
there, but never mind that—•
north along the west side of Seventeenth street to
(1 street, and west along tho south side of G street
two liundrt^ and ten feet.
Two hundred and ten feet in one way that
building is to be, and the whole width of the
block from F to G street on Seventeenth street.
That will make a pretty large building, a build-
ing larger than the present War Department.
Here is an appropriation of §800.000. It
seems to me that is an entering-wedge for a
great building. If you are going to abandon
the old War Department and erect a suitable
building for it what is the use of beginning on
the other side of the street and erecting this
building two hundred and ten feet long and
