1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
roboratea very strongly the position taken by
three different Senators, of whom the last was
the Senator from Indiana, that as to those
bonds it will be piratically a failure.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator did not state
that their whole debt was si moat two fifths
larger after th«y funded it than it was before.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly 51 should have
60 stated. It was so by reason of the process
I mentioned of increasing the capital while
nominally reducing the percentage of interest.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Califor-
nia states correctly the history of the English
consols, and I wilt add one or two other tacts.
The great body of the three per cent, loan of
England wasContracted daring the Napoleonic
wars, pterhafis four fifths of it, that was issued
in tho form oC £100 bonds bearing interest at
the rate-of three per cent., and they were sold
for Bixty poaftde, making them equal to five per
cents.
Mr. CA&8ERLY. They were sold at 67.
Mr. MORTON. Bat, eir, I want to state
another fact, that do differeaee what may be the
value of a security intrinsically, no matter what
may be die creditof a Government, that security
never starts oat at the prioe which it may alti-
fnately aeqoire ib the market. Men buy securi-
ties just as they buy Merchandise, to make a
profit apOs them, and they must buy at flratcost,
expecting te sell them higher afterward. The
English Government Could no more sell a new
three percent, bond at par than, perhaps, coald
the Prussian Goverftment. Perhaps it coald
come nearer to it than we cart j but you must
bear in Blind that as securities become old
they are well understood in the market and
the public mind gets familiar with them, and
even every child can understand- the value of
the security. - Every English child knows at
once the value of as English coniol.
Now, if our bonds go on the market they go
as new securities, and you cannot make them
take the pla.ee of an old security drawing the
same rate of interest and of the same intrinsic
value. It is'in the Very nature of commerce,
finance, and of trade, whether in goods, money,
dr anything else.
Then, Mr. President, I shall perhaps vote for
the bill as it is if I cannot secure any amend-
meats to it. I want t6 vote for a funding bill
of some kind to show to the people that we
mean to do the best we can, bat I would rather
have it a practical one—one that will amount
to something.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Seaator from Indiana to the injus-
tice ofthe proposition of this bill with regard
to bank* formed upon the basis of four per
cent, bonds, which strengthens his argument.
11 e banks depositing four and a half percent:
bond* are required by the banking law to
redeem tho bills of the banks that will be
formed upon the four per eent. basis. If the
circulation of one class of batiks is notsecared
equally as well as the others, the latter deposit-
ing bonds bearing a higher rate of interest, it
would be unjust toward the banks securing
their circulation by bonds bearing four and a
half pfcreeat. to require thorn to redeem the
bills nC the bank# formed upon the basis' of
four par eeat. bauds. Consequently it is not
so go-id a security to the bill-holder.
Mv. MORTON. I understand the Senator,
and 3 think he is right about it.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I do not
rise to make a speech, but simply to make a
remark in regard to the English consols, as
they have been mentioned so often by way of
frustration. There i  one conclusive proof
' feat we cannot borrow money at three per cent,
tn L'agland, and that is that the consols never
fire at par; at least I do not recollect in all my
Lift that the English consols were ever at par.
Tlr.'ty usually sellat about ninety or ninety-two
ifstcent.; but they have a value for another rea-
boa that has not been mentioned, and which is
aore potent than any reason that has been
mentioned, and that is this: they are always on
the market; there is not a day in the year that
you cannot buy or sell English consols. The
consequence isthatanybody having money lying
idle, wishingto invest it, and not wishing to lose
the interest in the mean time, buys consols and
the interest goes on, the market value increas-
ing toward the time of payment of theinterest,
and when he finds an opportunity to invest his
money then he sells his consol at a higher price
than he gave for it. That is the chief cause of
consols maintaining the figure they do in the
market: that they afford at any moment an
opportunity to a man who has money lying
idle in his hands to invest it in such a way that
he can get interest, and he can realize his money
whenever he wants it by putting the consols
on the market again. That is a far more potent
reason than the investment of trust funds and
the like, for that is comparatively small. But
the men who have money to invest or money
lying idle, if it is only for ten or twenty days,
and who do not want to lose the interest for
that time, buy consols; and at the end of
twenty days, or whenever they get an oppor-
tunity to make a desirable and profitable in-
vestment, they sell the consols and get the
money.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, as he seems to be advised
on that subject. Are those consols, or the
proceeds of diem, subject to any taxation in
England ?
Mr. THURMAN. I am not able to answer
that question. I suppose not, except the income
tax. The income tax bears on them, bat I do
not suppose there is any direct taxation upon
them. There is an income tax, though, in Eng-
land as there is here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Finance report an amendment in the nature
of a substitute for the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts. The Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Corbett] has moved to strike out the first,
second, and third sections of the substitute
reported by the committee, and to insert other
matter. Pending that, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts moves to amend the part sought to
be stricken out, being words in the first sec-
tion. The Secretary will report the first amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Chief Clerk. It is in line eight of
section one, to strikeout "four" and insert
"five;" so as to read, " to an amount not ex-
ceding $500,000,000, redeemable in coin,'' &c.
Mr. SUMNER. With the consent of the
Senate I will put that amendment in a different
form, one that shall bring up the precise ques-
tion on which I should like the judgment of
the Senate. I will waive for the present the
first part of the motion to amend by substitut-
ing five for four, and also by substituting forty
for twenty, and I will now confine my amend-
ment to the insertion of the words "of 1862"
in the eighteenth line, after the words "five-
twenty bonds."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator with-
draws his amendments referring to the amount
and the time of payment of the proposed
bonds, and moves to amend by inserting after
" five-twenty bonds," in the eighteenth line of
section one, the words " of 1862."
Mr. SUMNER. And on that I wish the
jndgment of the Senate. I would say to my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, that my desire is to support this bill.
I am very anxious for a refunding measure.
I want the best measure; I want a measure
that can succeed. To-day we have listened to
the able argument of the Senator from Indi-
ana, impeaching, if I may so say, this whole
measure. He does not think it will work. He
says it is not practicable. Now, sir, while I
recognise the force of many things he has said,
I cannot accept his conclusion. I think that
a funding bill now, substantially on the basis
of that before the Senate, is practicable. I
think it can be made to work. That is my
judgment. In that respect I differ from my
friend. I think this can be made to work. I
think a five per cent, loan can be put on the
market that will succeed.
Mr. MORTON. I said so.
Mr. SUMNER. And with the success of
that loan the way will be open then for a sub-
sequent loan at four and a half per cent.
Such is my conviction. But in order to have
your five per cent, loan successful you must
put it in the very best form; you must not
neglect any opportunity, any advantage. If
one way is better than another, adopt it; do
not neglect the opportunity. Such a neglect
is like the loss of power. And now the pre-
cise question that 1 submit to the Senate, and
I do it in my simple unaffected desire to per-
fect this measure, is, what form of bond will be
the most practicable, and, according to the lan-
guage of the Senator from Indiana, will make
this bill work? It must be a bond at five per
cent.; and on what terms? I shall show in a
moment—but I will say nothing of that now—
that it should be at least for ten-forty years.
For the present I confine myself to the propo-
sition that it should be confined to the first
loan of 1862. The pending measure extends
it over all the loans under the act of 1862; it
takes the loan of 1864. Is that expedient?
Is it wise? Is it prudent? Is it practical?
In my judgment, if you apply the proceeds of
the proposed loan under this first section to
the first loan during our war, being the loan
of 1862, you will go into the market with a
positive advantage. Why should you not enjoy
that advantage? Why should you give it up?
Why sacrifice it?
My friend from Ohio, perhaps, does not re-
gard it as an advantage. There I must beg
to differ from him; and conferring as I have
with many persons much interested in this sub-
ject, familiar with it in its various relations, I
am supported in my own conclusion. I be-
lieve if you go before the country and say that
the proceeds of this first loan shall be applied
absolutely to tbe extinction of that first debt
of 1862, the debt which has been so much
assailed by the evil spirit of repudiation, you
will go into the market with increased strength.
And when you have completed your loan and
thus applied the proceeds extinguishing that
debt of 1862, the credit of the United States
will be fixed forever, unimpeached and unim-
peachable.
That is my object, sir. I do not say that it
will not be accomplished by the different pro-
cess proposed by the committee. I doubt if it
will. I think that different prooess entails at
least a hazard; and then, as I look into its
operation, I see difficulties which you will par-
don me if I allude to for one monient.
How will you determine who shall be per-
mitted to take the loan if yoa extend it over
all the old five-twenty bonds of different dates ?
Shall the first comer be first served? Does not
that open the way to favoritism, to unseemly
competition, to at least the Suspicion of cor-
ruption? I would have this loan put on the
market in such a way that it shall be open to
no suspicion of corruption, no suggestion of
favoritism, but that it should stand on an abso-
lute rale in the application of which there can
be no chances for favor or affection. Now,
. that rule I find in a simple declaration in the
law that the proceeds under this first section
shall go to the extinction of the loan of 1862.
Such, sir, is the conclusion which I have
reached after the best reflection I can give this
question. I may be in error, but I desire at
least the judgment of the Senate on this sim-
ple proposition: will they extend the applica-
tion of the proceeds of this loan to all out-
standing five-twenties, or will they apply it
simply and exclusively to the extinction of the
debt of 1862?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I desire to
reply 
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will yield
a moment I should like to say a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will excuse
me, I would rather reply now.
