646
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May
41st Gong....2dSess.
Laws of the United States.
Wendell T. Davis, Horatio Browning, Alpbeus
Middleton, W. Albert King, Andrew Potts, A.
Gaud is. jr., Edward Hartley, Edwin A. Iiyther,
William L. Wall, G. M. Wright, William H.
.Morrison, George P. Goff, George W. Potter,
II. l'\ Zimmerman, and Henry Mayo, and J.
\V. Seaver, and J. J. Newcomb, and John W.
Boteler, Samuel Cross, George Waters, George
ltogers, and their associates and successors, or
a majority of them, are hereby created and con-
stituted a body politic and corporate, by the
name and style of the Washington and Boston
Steamship Company.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said company shall not be less
than fifty thousand nor more than five hundred
thousand dollars, to be divided into shares of
one hundred dollars each.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said
company is authorized and empowered to es-
tablish and run a line or lines of vessels, pro-
pelled by steam or other power, between the
citiesof Washington, Georgetown, Alexandria,
Norfolk, and other ports in the State of Vir-
ginia, on the Potomac river, Chesapeake bay,
or the tributaries of the same, and Boston, in
the State of Massachusetts.
Sec. i. And be it further enacted, That said
company is authorized to purchase, hold, and
grant such real estate, not exceeding in amount
one hundred thousand dollars, as may be neces-
sary to carry into effect the purposes of this act,
and to build all necessary docks, wharves, and
buildings thereon for their own use; may trans-
port, passengers and freight of every descrip-
tion, subject to the rules and regulations and
laws of the United States; may sue and be sued;
may have a common seal, and generally may
have and possess the rights and privileges
usually possessed by similar corporations.
Sue. 5. And he it further enacted, That the
affairs of said company shall be managed by
such officers as the stockholders in general
meeting Khali elect, and such agent as may be
appointed by the board of directors. The per-
sons named in the first section of this act, or a
majority of them, may call a meeting of the
stockholders for the purpose of organizing said
company, at such time and place as they may
determine upon, after advertising the time and
place of such meeting for ten days, in one or
move newspapers published in the city of Wash-
ington. The officers of said company once
elected shall hold their offices until their suc-
cessors are chosen.
Sue. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
said board of directois may make all necessary
rules and by-laws for the transfer of the stock
and the general management of the business
of said company ; and each stockholder in said
company shall be liable for all claims against
the same to an amount equal to the stock which
said stockholder shall have in said company.
Six;. 7. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall lie enforci d from the passage thereof.
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted, I'hat Con-
ert'ss may at any time hereafter alter, amend,
or repeal this act,
Arruovi;i), May 4, 1870.
Chat. LXXYI.—An Act to provide for t.he
Survey of the Fort (liafiot Military -Reser-
vation, in the State of Michigan.
die it enacted by the Senate and, Hunse of Hep-
of the United States of America in
C-iniirem assembled, That there be. and is here-
itpproprated from any moneys in theTreas-
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
" lee thousand dollars, to complete the survey
and subdivision of the Kort Gratiot military res-
ervation in pursuance of law; and that said
money be returned to the Treasury from the
pioceeds of the sale of any part of stiid mili-
tmy leserfa'tio'n,
ArfitflfErt) Maj 4, lfi'iO,
Chap. LXXX.—An Act to provide for the
creation of Corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law.
institutions of leabntng.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any five or more per-
sons. being desirous of associating themselves
for the purpose of establishing an institution
of learning, may make, sign, and acknowledge,
before any officer authorized to take the ac-
knowledgment of deeds in this District, and
file in the office of register of deeds of said
District, a certificate ordeclaration, in writing,
to be recorded in a book kept for that purpose,
and open to public inspection, in which shall
be stated the name or title by which said insti-
tution shall be known to law, the number of
trustees, directors, or managers, and their
names, the particular branch of literature and
science, or either of them, proposed to be
taught, and if said institution is to be of the
rank of a college or university, the number and
designation of the professorships to be estab-
lished.
Upon filing the certificate as aforesaid, the
persons who shall have signed and acknowl-
edged the same, and theirsuccessors and asso-
ciates, shall, by the provisions of this act, be
a body politic and corporate, by the name and
style statedin the certificate, and by that name
and style shall have perpetual succession, with
power to sue and be sued, plead and be im-
pleaded, to acquire, hold, and convey prop-
erty in all lawful ways, to have and use a com-
mon seal and the satno to alter and change at
pleasure, to make and alter, at times or from
time to time, such by-laws, not inconsistent
with the Constitution of the United States or
the laws in force in said District as they may
deem necessary for the government of said
institution, and to confer upon such persons
as may bo considered worthy such academical
or honorary degrees as are usually conferred
by similar institutions.
Any corporation so formed as aforesaid
shall have power to fill such vacancies in their
own body as may happen by death, resigna-
tion, or otherwise, and shall hold the property
of said institution solely for the purposes of
education, and not for the individual benefit
of themselves, or of any contributor to the
endowment of tho same.
Any corporation formed in accordance with
the provisions of this act shall be competent
in law and equity to take to themselves, in
their corporate name, real, personal, or mixed
property, by gift, grant, bargain and sale, con-
veyance, will, devise, or bequests of any per-
sons whomsoever, and tho same estate to grant,
bargain, sell, convey, devise, let, place out at
interest, or otherwise dispose of the same for
the use of said institution in such manner as
shall seem most beneficial thereto.
The trustees, directors, or managers of any
corporation formed under Ibis act shall faith-
fully apply all the funds collected or the pro-
ceeds of the property belonging to said insti-
tution, according to their best judgment, in
erecting or completing suitable buildings, sup-
porting necessary officers, instructors, and ser-
vants, and procuring books, maps, charts,
globes, and philosophical, chemical, and other
apparatus necessary to the success of said insti-
tution.
In case any donation, devise, or bequest
shall be made for particular purposes, accord-
ant, with the designs of the institution so estab-
lished as aforesaid, and the corporation shall
accept tho same, such donation, devise, or
bequest shall bo applied in conformity with
the express condition of the donor or devisor.
, -NV> corttoT'stifftfretaMlshe'd aforesafcfVhall
be allowed to hold more land at any one time
than shall bo necepsary for the purposes of
education, as set forth in its articles of asso
ciation, unless the corporation shall have le
ceived the same by gift, grant, or devise, and
in such case such corporation shall be requin d
to sell or dispose of thesame within ten years
from the time the title thereto is acquired : and
on failure so to dispose of thesame, said land
over and above the amount necessary to he
used as aforesaid, shall revert to the original
donor, grantor, devisor, or their heirs.
Corporations formed under this act shall
have power to employ and appoint a president
or principal for each institution, and all such
professors or servants as may be necessary, and
shall have power to displace any of them, as
the interests of the institution require ; to fill
vacancies which may happen by death, resig-
nation, or otherwise, among said officers or
servants : and to prescribe and direct the course
of studies to be pursued in said institution.
Any corporation established as aforesaid may
require the treasurerof said institution, and all
other agents thereof, before entering upon the
duties of their appointment, to give bonds for
the security of said corporation in such sums
and with security deemed sufficient by said
corporation or institution.
All process against any corporation estab-
lished under this section shall be by summons,
and the service of the same shall be by leaving
an attested copy thereof with the president,
secretary, or treasurer, or at the office of the
corporation, at least sixty days before the
return day thereof.
It shall be the duty of the trustees of any
institution, or a majority of them, to file, on
or before the first Monday in January in each
year, in the office of the register of deeds where
the original certificate was filed, a statement
of the trustees and officers of the institution,
with an inventory of its property and liabilities
and students, and such other information as
shall or will exhibitits condition or operation.
In case any corporation created under this
act shall at any time violate or fail to comply
with any of the foregoing provisions, upon
complaint being made to the circuit court of
the District of Columbia, a writ of quo warranto
shall issue, and the district attorney or city
attorney shall prosecute, in behalf of the peo-
ple, for a forfeiture of all rights and privileges
secured by this act to such corporation.
ueuuious societies.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the members of any society
or congregation heretofore formed in this Dis-
trict for the purposes of religious worship, and
for members of any society or congregation
which may hereafter be formed for the purpose
aforesaid, to receive by gift, devise, or pur-
chase, a quantity of land not exceeding one
acre, and to erect or build thereon such houses
and buildings as they may deem necessary for
the purposes aforesaid, and to make such other
use of the land, and make such other im-
provements thereon, as may be deemed neces-
sary for the comfort and convenience of such
society or congregation, and such society or
congregation may assume a name, and elect or
appoint any number of trustees, not exceeding
ten, who shall be styled trustees of such society
or congregation by the name assumed ; and the
title to the land purchased, and improvements
made shall be vested in the trustees by the
name and style assumed as aforesaid.
Immediately after the election or appoint-
ment ot trustees by anysociety or congregation
as aforesaid, the persons elected or appointed
shall make a certificate under their hands and
seals, stating the date of their election or ap-
pointment, the name of the society or congre-
gation, and length of time for which they were
elected or appointed, which shall bo verified
by the affidavit, of somd one of the persons m'a'k-
ing the sumo, and shall be filed and frdcovded
