4492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
so monstrous that it now threa'cns the very lifo of
the service. It is a special privilege granted to a
favored claiS at the expense of the many."
The inference is that he concurs in the doc-
trine set forth in the resolutions of a State
Legislature, to which I have alluded, that this
is an overshadowing monopoly enjoyed by a
very few. Editors speaking in the samestrain
have been attacking the Senate recently, and
declaring that we were dodging the issue, that
we were not willing to come up to the aid of
the people by the abolition of the franking
privilege, which had been promptly met by the j
other branch of the national Legislature. But
when we ask the Postmaster General what ho
understands by the phrase " the franking priv-
ilege being enjoyed by a few persons only"
he tells us that all the people of the United
States have the privilege of addressing, on
their business, the President of the United
States and his Secetary ; the Vice President;
the members of the Cabinet; the United
States Senators; the members of Congress ;
the Delegates in Congress ; the Secretary of
the Senate ; the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives; the Assistant Secretaries and chief
clerk of the State Department; the Assistant
Attorney General and chief clerk ; the Assist-
ant Secretary, chief clerk, and Commissioners
of the Interior Department; the chief clerks
and heads of bureaus ; the Assistant Secreta-
ries and the chief clerks of the Treasury De-
partment; the Assistant Postmasters General,
the superintendent of foreign mails, the super-
intendent of the money-order system, and the
chief clerk of the Post Office Department;
and then ho says that there are postmasters in
the United States to the amount of twenty-
seven thousand, making in all thirty-one thou-
sand nine hundred and thirty-three ; and then
says that to some of these is granted only a
limited privilege.
"And to these should be added the countless hosts
who address communications to members of Con-
gress and Delegates and heartsof Departments,'' Are.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. I see that I cannot gain
the point I wanted to accomplish by my motion,
and if I can get the unanimous consent of the
Senate I will withdraw my motion, because
these speeches might as well be made on the
bill itself as now. I wanted to postpone the
bill, because it has been cutting off all useful
legislation. It comes up at every moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee asks consent to withdraw the motion
to postpone indefinitely the bill for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, on which the
yeas and nays were ordered. The pending
motion, then, will be to postpone the bill until
December. The Chair hears 110 objection, and
the request of the Senator from Tennessee to
withdraw his motion is granted. The motion
to postpone is debatable, and the Senator from
Nebraska will resume.
Mr. TIPTON. I say, then, that the people
of this country seem to have desired that the
channels of communication should be made as
free from obstructions as possible between
them and the Government established and
supported by themselves, and hence they have
through their Representatives ordained by law
that their letters should pass free to and from
their servants at Washington and to and from
the various heads of Departments and numer-
ous other public officers.
They further desire to receive official inform-
ation relative- to the workings of the Govern-
ment, and hence the publication and free dis-
tribution of the President's messages, of the
annual reports of the Secretaries, of the Jour-
nals of the two Houses of Congress, and the
laws and treaties and resolutions of Congress.
A further desire on their part to understand
the arguments by which changes in laws have
been secured and new systems and measures
adopted produced the necessity for verbatim
reports) and finally the annual issue of the
Globe as the authoritative official exponent of
political doctrines.
All this was necessary and commendable,
inasmuch as our theory is that the people are
the fountain-head of power, and legislate and
control the affairs of the Government through
us as an unavoidable instrumentality. When,
therefore, our constituents send us a thousand
letters, and we answer all of these by first
seekiugour information through letters to Gov-
ernment officers here, or by personal applica-
tion in their behalf, then if every one of us
paid postage on the letters written by him to
each one of our thousand constituents they
would each pay three cents, and we in turn
should pay thirty dollars postage ; and if we
would not consume time which should be given
to legislative duties in looking to the business
of these correspondents, then a clerk at four
dollars a day would attend to this correspond-
ence in twenty days, disposing of fifty letters
per day, at a cost to us of eighty dollars more,
or in all $110 to each of us, against three
cents on the part of each of our constituents.
A Senator who received four thousand letters
in about six weeks in the first session of the
Fortieth Congress, as a Senator stated in the
discussion heretofore, could have had them
disposed of on this basis at an expense to him-
self of $4-10 against three cents on the part of
each one of his correspondents.
To save from this heavy tax those of us who
do the work of corresponding, the people have
thought best to pay for carrying such letters by
appropriations directly out of their Treasury,
which is replenished by their taxes or the col-
lection of revenue from various sources. But
now, when they propose to pay the postage
directly out of their own pockets, and when
they shall, without any kind of restraint or in-
terlerence, so inform me as their Representa-
tive, I shall certainly not go back of their will
and their wish in the premises. In doing that
they will relinquish the privileges which they
haveheretoforeclaimed of receiving theirnews-
papers free of postage within the counties whero
published, and also of receiving from us public
documents.
I say, then, Mr. President, that so far as this
franking privilege is concerned, it has all been
upon the side of the people in behalf of general
intelligence; and it is better for them that it
should remain as it now is. We would desire
to be freed from the labor of correspondence
and of franking; but until they release us by
a public expression of their will upon the sub-
ject I shall not throw off the restrictions which
they have placed on my conduct, but shall con-
tinue to frank to them the public documents
which shall fall to my lot as a representative
of the people.
Our piivilege in this case is to answer our
constituents' letters, to frank them documents,
to pay for the publication of all our own
speeches which we distribute among tliem for
their information ; and really our individual
correspondence as members of the Senate or
House of Representatives is small compared
with that which wo have to assume from the
positions we occupy. But the passage of this
bill, as it is now before the Senate, to abolish
the franking privilege, has deceived the people,
and they would be deceived if we were to pass
it as it came from the House of Representa-
tives, for they infer that that would be an end
to all legislation on this subject; but it was
never so intended. I wish to notify them,
therefore, that when we do adopt a law on the
subject the same Postmaster General who rec-
ommends us to abolish the franking privilege
says that—
"It is not proposed or desired that Government
officials should be personally taxed tor the trans-
mission of their public correspondence. It is asked,
oil the other hand, that every Department, every
member ot Congress, and every other public officer
shall have a liberal allowance of stamps for post-
ages, subject to a proper accountability, aad that the
sum necessary therefor shall be appropriated out of
the general Tieasury."
I uhdeisland now that the estimate made by
the Department is that it will be necessary to
appropriate between one and twomilhon dol-
lars for the purpose of'meeting this additional
expense which the Postmaster General desires
we shall assume.
This is alt I have to say, excepting upon one
single point. For the next four years it, mat-
ters nothing, as I understand, whether wo
abolish this franking privilege or not, for the
contracts have been made for carrying the
mails, and whatever we desire to send to tiie
people as we now send it may just as well be
carried by those with whom contracts have
been recently made to carry the mails for four
years ; and the contracts have been made upon
the basis also that they will carry as much in
the next four years as they have in the past
four under their old contracts. We have 110
time to perfect now a system that shall meet
our desires or the desires of the people ; and
I am ready, therefore, to vote for anv propo-
sition to suspend, or t.o lay this hill 011 the table,
or whatever may bo the will of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, therf soeini
to be a perfect agreement between the friends
and opponents of this bill on one point, arid
that is that all correspondence of an official
character ought to be carried in the mails at
the public cost. As I understand it, those
who oppose the repeal of the so-called frank-
ing privilege insist that the matter now usually
franked ought to go free. The Postmaster
General has stated in his recommendation that
the franking privilege be repealed that ap-
propriations should be made to pay the postage
on official matter for the Departments and the
two branches of Congress. This leaves then
but one practical question. If this matter is
to be carried free anyhow, whether the so-
called franking privilege shall be repealed or
not, it leaves for decision the practical ques-
tion whether there is not some more economical
mode of indicating official matter less subject
to fraud.
The act of writing names on public docu-
ments, official letters, or other official papers,
is in itself exceedingly laborious. Senators
and members and heads of Departments and
of bureaus, under the present law, spend hours
each day, and days every month, simply writing
their names on this class of packages to pass
them through the mails free—that is, at the
public expense. A more economical mode
ought to be adopted, if practicable.
Postage-stamps or stamped envelopes car. be
furnished by the use of the printing presses in
vastquantities, at trifling expense, which would
occupy the time and labor of all the Senators
and members of Congress and heads of Depart-
ments for days together to frank. Now, let us
suppose that all this matter ought to go free
that is now sent through the mails unaerfranks
of officials ; that there are 110 frauds whatever
committed, but that all this matter ought to go
free through the mails, surely it would be more
economical to perform this work by steam-
power and machinery; to stamp the envelopes
and furnish them to the heads of Departments
and other officials, including members of Con-
gress. If they are hereafter to send official mat-
ter at the public expense, what objection eau be
urged against this change? Steam-power is
surely cheaper than human muscle; and it
would be far more convenient for Senators and
members to have stamped envelopes in which
to put their letters and official matter than to
bo required to spend hours and days ill using
the pen for the purpose of franking. If, then,
no matter is now sent that ought not to be sent
through the mails at the public cost, if no frauds
worth mentioning do now occur, as some seem
to think, this change in the system would be
economical. It ought, on that account, to be
adopted. It would save a vast amount of the
time of officers to whom the Government is
paying large salaries. It would bring to bear
steam to perform that which is now necessarily
performed at a rnueh greater cost by manual
labor.
