2604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
April 12,
Mr. "WILSON. Is it confined entirely to the
District?
Mr. DRAKE. Entirely.
The VLCE PRESIDENT. The regular
order of business is the concurrent resolution
providing for a joint committee on Indian
policy as the morning business has been ex-
hausted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall reach the bill
of the Senator from Missouri in a few days if
we go on with the Calendar.
Mr. DRAKE. The gentlemen who spoke to
me on this matter desire to have the act of
incorporation passed as soon as possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. POMEROY ob-
jected.
The .VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not now in order. The concurrent resolution
in regard to a joint committee on the Indian
policy is before the Senate, and the pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
\ ermont, [Mr.Moukill,] that it be in definitely
postponed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask mv
fiiond from Iowa whether ho will not conscnt
to have tins matter indefinitely postponed. 1
do not desire to speak upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. If this concurrent resolu-
tion had been offered by mysolf, or if it had
been offered by the Committee on Indian Af-
fair s of the Senate, T would most cheerfully
concur in the proposition made by the honor-
able Senator from Vermont; but it will bo
borne in mind by the Senate that this is a
House resolution, and I think wo ought to have
i.lie judgment of the Senate upon it. I think
the Senate ought to agree to this kind of con-
ference ; but that, of course, will bo for each
Senator to decide for himself. I do not desire
myself to discuss it. I shall bo very glad if the
vote can bo taken at once, and each Senator
give his own unbiased judgment in relation to
its propriety.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think tho
Senator has made a mistake. He understands
the impartial character of our Presiding Offi-
cer. lie, has already decided twice in his favor,
and but once in oar favor; and to preserve
that impartial character, if there should be an
equal division of the Senate again, ho must
necessarily decide against the Senator from
iowa.
Mr. President, it seems to mo astonishing
that the Senator from Jowa should desire to
abdicate his power as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. There is no more
reason for having a joint committeo in relation
to Indian affairs than there is in relation to
financial affairs or military affairs; and if this
resolution shall not be indefinitely postponed
I give notice that I shall move to have a joint
committee on finance. Are not the financial
committees of the two Houses constantly at
variance?
Then, in relation to military affairs, a bill lias
come to us from the House of Representa-
tives which the Senate committee have re-
vamped and remodeled almost. entirely. If a
joint committee on Indian affairs is necessary
in order to produce harmony, there is far
greater reason why there should be a joint
committeo on military affairs.
Then, in regard to our foreign relations, it is
well known that in tho House oue policy pre-
vaiU as to Cuba, and another in the Senate.
Let ns have a joint committeo on foreign re-
lations, so that wl; may harmonize these two
discordant committees. According to the
theory of this resolution, it seems to me we
ought to doaway with all separate committees
on important matters where there is a discrep-
ancy of views pervading thejtwo Houses, in
order that we may have harmony, that we may
have a united report.
Now, suppose this resolution should carry,
what is the practical result to be ? Why, that
we are to have two, three, .or four of the mem-
bers of the present Committees on Indian Affairs
in each House to be a sort of committee of
safety, a committee that will agree among
themselves what shall pass, and the Other mem-
bers of the committees are to be ignored.
I am not opposed to this resolution because
a distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
introduced the proposition in the House of
Representatives. I do not know what hia
opinions are in relation to this subject. I know
what the opinions of tho Senate are, as here-
tofore announced, and as they have prevailed
here for some considerable time; and I am
much more in favor of the policy that is enun-
ciated here than I am of the policy which has
been announced in the other House. It is for
that reason that I am opposed to the adoption
of this resolution.
If this proposition shall prevail, when a j
question comes up it is to be considered in this
sole separate committee without any chance of
review. Have we had a single measure in
relation to Indian affairs for tho last two or
three years that ought not to be reviewed? I
do not. know of a single proposition where the
Committee on Indian Affairs, after further
consideration, have not themselves modified
and changed their own opinions. I trust, sir,
that the resolution will bo indefinitely post-
• poned.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to postpone the resolution in-
definitely.
Mr. DRAKE. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 desire to make one fur-
ther remark. This resolution is discussed very
curiously. It shows itself one day and then an-
other, reminding me sometimes of the way in
which porpoises present themselves in the
ocean—first showing themselves and then dis-
appearing. So it is with this resolution. Some-
times it reminds mo of what we read of the
dogs on the banks of tho Nile, that when they
wish to drink they take ono lap of water and
then run on a little way and take another lap
of water, and then run on a little way and take
another lap of water, for fear of being de-
voured by tho crocodiles. Now, J am not,aware
that there arc any crocodiles in this Chamber
to interfere with us, unless it he our own rules,
which every morning at one o'clock, in tho
most summary way, in a crocodile fashion,
have interfered to arrest tho consideration of
this resolution. Butitlooksnowasif wo might
reachavotc, and I am anxious that the Senate
should consider carefully what they are to vote
upon. It is a resolution, as I understand, that
has come from the other House; it has tho
sanction of that Chamber. Isanygood lensoti
assigned why it should not bo adopted by the
Senate ? My excellent friend, the Senator from
Vermont,says that it will bo a precedent for a
similar resolution with regard to all other com-
mittees, that there may bo a joint committee on
finance and a joint committee on foreign rela-
tions. Very well; when those resolutions are
presented in the way that this is presented,
coming from the other House, let us consider
them. I shall be ready ; and if the committeo
with which I am associated is destined to bo
absorbed in a joint committee I shall have
equanimity enough, I trust, to submit.
I have heard no real objection against, this
proposition from the House. On the other hand,
I see that it has this in its favor, that it comes
from the House, where, asl understand, it has
been carefully considered, and whore I know it
has an origin above reproach. Should we not
adopt it ? I believe its adoption would tend to
place our Indian affairs on a higher plane than
they now are, to give to them a larger consid-
eration than they now enjoy; and believing so,
I think that the Senate ought not to hesitate in
adopting it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to argue
this resolution any. further ; but the suggestion
made .by the Senator who has just taken hia
seat is so different from the information I have
that I feel bound to notice, it. . The Senator
s&ys that lie is informed that this resolution
was carefully considered in the House of Rep- .
resentatives. I have been told by several mem-
bers of the House that it passed without one
word of discussion, and probably did not at-
tract the attention of twenty members in the
House. I know not how this is, but that is ,
the statement made to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oil the indefinite postponement of the concur-
rent resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Boreman, Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Chandler, Colo. Davis, Drake, Edmunds,
i'owlor. Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris,
ltoward, Johnston, Kellogg, McCroory, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt, Sohurz,
Spencer, Stockton, Tlmrman, Vickers, Warner, and
Willoy—28.
NAYS—Messrs.1 Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Broivn-
low, Buckingham, Conkling, Corbott, Cragin, den-
ton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Howell, McDonald, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool. Itam-
sey, llico, Koss, Sawyer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton. Trumbull, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—SO.
ABSlSN'i'---Mossrs. Cameron,Cattcll.l'erry, Howe,
Lowis. Norton, Nyo, 0shorn, Bevels, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman, and Spragno—Id.
So the motion to postpone indefinitely was
not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs oil the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drakk,] which is to strike out
the words "and said committee shall have
power to examine witnesses, to send for per-
sons and papers, and to employ a clerk at the
same compensation allowed a cterk of a stand-
ing committee of the Senateso that if
amended the joint resolution will road;
ttenotved by the //owe of lieprcseiitatives, (th o Sonato
concurring,) That a joint spccial committee, to con-
sist of ton members, five from the Senate and five
from tlio House, bo appointed, to whom shall ba
referred tho propriety of a change or modification of
the Indian policy and syatom of governing the Indian
tribes.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose that if the com-
mittee is only to consider the matter of a
change of policy it cannot be necessary to
retain in the resolution a provision which was
embodied in the original resolution, which ori-
ginal resolution had a much wider scope than
the resolution has now after tho amendments
thai, have been made to it. Had the resolution
retained its oiiginal shape there might be
reason for authorizing the committee to send
for persons and papers, because there were
matters of investigation of fact to bo gone into
there, about which probably no conclusion
could have been reached without the exam-
ination of persons and papers. But as the
function of the committee, if it should be
organized, is now reduced simply to the matter
of considering the question of a change of
policy 1 cannot conceive of any necessity
which exists for the continuance of the power
to send for persons aud papers. I am satis-
fied from past experience in the matter of com-
mittees with power to send for persons and
papers that this committee will put the Gov-
ernment to an expense probably, if it be estab-
lished with that power, of $20,000 ; and I can-
not conceive of any occasion for any such ex-
pense as this. If we are going to have a com-
mittee merely to consider a change of policy
let the work of that committee bo confined to
that particular point, about which they are
under no necessity to send for persons and
papers.
Tho VIC E PRESIDENT. Thequestion is on
the amendment, of the Senator from Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move an amendment, in the
nature of a substitute for the resolution, to
strike out all after the resolving clause of the
resolution and insert what I send to the Chair.
The Secretary proceeded to read, ksfollows:'
That the President be, and ho is hereby, author-
ised and required, after the passage of this act, to
