1370.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
375) giving to the State courts concurrent juris-
diction with the district courts of the United
States in cases of maritime contracts and torts
upon the navigable rivers and waters above
the ebb and flow of the tide; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. PRATT. I ask that that bill be laid
on the table and printed ; and on to-morrow
or some future day, when it shall suit the
convenience of the Senate, before referring it
to the Committee on the Judiciary, I shall ask
leave to submit some remarks in support of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid oil the table for the present, and printed.
Mr. HOWE. I gave noticc yesterday that
to-day I should introduce a bill to preserve
the neutral relations of the United States.
My purpose was to address the Senate upon
the subject of this bill, which is a very brief
one, at the time of introducing it; but I un-
derstand that at one o'clock the pending order
will be insisted upon, and it is quite inconven-
ient to commence remarks without concluding
them, and I am confident I should not be able
to conclude before one o'clock. I will, there-
fore, ask to have the bill lie on the table, in
the hope that at some time during my natural
life I can get permission to offer some remarks
upon it-
Leave was granted to introduce the bill (S.
No. 376) more effectually to preserve the neu-
tral relations of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I gave notice yesterday
of my intention to introduce at an early day a
bill to carry out certain resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California which were then presented,
and I now ask leave to introduce that bill.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S. No.
377) to open to actual settlers under the home -
stead and preemption laws certain public lands
in the State of California; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
FOKKIGN-BUILT VESSELS.
Mr. FENTON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and ho is horeby. requested to report to the Senate
the number of foreign-built vessels under enroll-
ment or resistor now employed in the commerce of
the United States, "with the names of such vessels,
whether steara or sailing vessels, the tonnage of
each, where built, and the date of jthe law of Con-
gress which in each case authorized the registration
or enrollment of such foreign-built vessels.
ARKANSAS HOT SPRINGS.
Mr. RICE. I move to take up for consider-
ation Senate bill No. 95.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 95) for the sale of the
Hot Springs reservation in Arkansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Public Lands have reported an amendment
to strike out the preamble of this bill and all
of the bill after the enacting clause, and to
insert a substitute. If there be no objection
the Secretary will read only the substitute,
unless some Senator desires that the original
bill shall be reported.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
That in order to settle tho title to and recover i he
possession of "thellot Springs reservation," in Hot
Springs county, in the State of Arkansas, consisting
of the south half of sections twenty-eight and twenty-
nine anil all of sections thirty-one and thirty-two
of township two south, in range nineteen west, and
the north half of f-ections four and five of township
three south, in the range aforesaid—being in all four
sections—it shall be tho duty of the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States to institute, or eauso to bo
instituted without unnecessary delay, in tho circuit
court of the United States in and for the eastern dis-
trict of said State, such action or actions at law, or
suitor sui£& in equity, in the name of the United
States as to him shall seem nocesaary or proper .
against all or any person or persons in possession of !
or claiming title to tho said reservation or overy
part thereof, and to prosecute such action or actions,
suit or suits, to final judgment or decreo in said
court; and in his discretion to carry the same or any
of them by appoal to tho Supreme Courtof the Uni-
ted States. And in any such action or actions at law
it shall bo lawful for any defendant to set up and
maintain any defense he may have, whether thesame
be legal or equitable; such equitable defense to be
made by specialplca, to which plea tho United States
may demur or reply generally or specially.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That it shall be
lawful for the Attorney General to employ such
counsel to "bring and prosecute said actions or suits
as he may deem necessary, and to pay for their ser-
vices out of hi3 contingent fund.
Mr. RICE. Before the substitute is agreed
to I wish to have a correction made in the de-
scription of the land. The land is described
there as sections thirty-one and thirty-two ; it
should be thirty-two and thirty-three. I have
a report from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas moves to amend the amendment in
the description by inserting " thirty-two and
thirty-three'' instead of '' thirty-one and thirty-
two." That correction will be made if there
be no objection. The correction is made. The
question is on agreeing to the amendment re-
ported by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and was read the third time,
and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: "A bill
in relation to the Hot Springs reservation in
Arkansas.''
NEW ORLEANS COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 74, to extend the port of
entry of the collection district of New Orleans.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG. The Committee on Com-
merce reported tho joint resolution with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, and
I presume it will only be neeessarv to read that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless some
Senator desires the original resolution to be
read the Secretary will read only tho substitute
reported by the committee.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the original resolution and to insert the
following:
That tho limits of the port of New Orleans as a
port of entry be enlarged and extended so as to in-
clude all that portion of the parish of Jefferson, lcit
ha.nk, in the State of Louisiana, lying between the
Mississippi river and Lake Pontohartrain and be-
tween tho upper line of the parish of Orleans, left
bank, and aline running parallel thereto, commenc-
ing at the Mississippi river at the upper lino of tho
city of Carrollton, and extending to Lake Pontohar-
train.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further resolved, Thatthis actshall
take eifect from and after the date of its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
DISMISSAL OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 84.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 84) authorizing the Pres-
ident to strike from the rolls of the Ai-my the
names of certain officers was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the President to drop
from the rolls of the Army Lieutenant \V.
Barnharr, first lieutenant fourth cavalry-; W.
J. Patterson, first lieutenant fifth artillery, and
William S. Mackey, second lieutenant lato
twenty-ninth infantry.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the joint
resolution in the sixth line by striking out the
words " and William S. Mackey, second lieu-
tenant late twenty-ninth infantry,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
'COLLECTION DISTRICT OF l'ECIIK.
Mr. KELLOGG-. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 83, the first on
the Calendar. It will take but a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 83) to define the limits of the collection
district of Teche, in the State of Louisiana, and
for other purposes, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By the provisions of the bill all the waters of
the river Teche, and all the shores, bays, and
rivers east of the river Atchafalaya and west
of the Mississippi river, from Plaquemine, in
tho parish of Iberville, to Donaldsonville, in
the parish of Assencion, to the bayou Lafourche,
thence down the bayou on its eastern side to
the sea, thence by the sea to the western linSits
of the State of Louisiana, to wit, tho east bank
of the Sabine river, are constituted and erected
into and made the collection district of Teche,
in the State of Louisiana. The collector of the
district is to be entitled to and receive a salary
of $1,000 yearly, exclusive of fees of office,
which salary is to cover all expenses to the
United States for house rent and storage.
Mr. KELLOGG. There was an amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Commerce
in the third line of the second section which is
omitted in the bill as printed. It is to insert
the word "annually" in place of the word
"yearly."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a verbal
correction and will be regarded as agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
LAND DISTRICT IN WYOMING.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. Ii. No.
134) to establish a land district in Wyoming
Territory, and for other purposes. The bill
has passed the House and come to the Senate,
and the Committee on Public Lands propose
one or two amendments to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides in the first sec-
tion that the public lands of the United States
in the Territory of Wyoming shall constitute a
land district, to be called the district of Wyom-
ing, the office for which shall be established
at sugIi place within the district as the Presi-
dent of the United States may from time to
time direct; and the preemption laws are
extended to that Territory.
By the second section the President of the
United States is authorized to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
surveyor general for Wyoming, who shall locate
his office at such place as the Secretary of the
Interior shall from time to time direct, and
whose duties, powers, obligations, responsibil-
ities, compensation, and allowances for clerk
hire, office rent, fuel, and incidental expenses
shall be the same as those of the surveyor gen-
eral of Colorado, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior and such instructions
as he may from time to time deem advisable to
give him. The President is also to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and receiver for the district, who shall
respectively be required to reside at the site of
the land office, and who shall have the same
powers, perform the same duties, and receive
the same compensation as are now ana may
hereafter be prescribed by law for other land
offices- of the United States.
