1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5437
a little bill which I am very anxious to have
passed for the relief of a lady.
Mr. CONKLING. On the last legislative
day when I submitted this motion my friend
appealed to me to yield to him, and I did so,
and then I was compelled to discriminate
between hi'm and other Senators. Now I beg
him to allow us to go on with the executive
business.
Mr. CAMERON. It is not the same case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will put the question on
the motion for an executive session, and before
the doors are closed the Chair will entertain
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The motion of Mr. Conkling was agreed to.
jane dean bishop.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the doors
are closed the Senator from Pennsylvania asks
unanimous consent for the consideration of the
joint resolution (H. 11. No. 154) for the relief
of Jane Dean Bishop.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that from the 23d day of May, 1857,
to the 27th day of March, 1866, Jane Dean
Bishop, widow of the late Surgeon William S.
Bishop, United States Navy, shall be allowed
the difference of pay between her husband's
salary as a passed assistant surgeon and a sur-
geon in the Navy, according to the established
rates of pay during that period.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
bill introduced.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1054) to incorporate the Japan Steam Nav-
igation Company; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
presidential approva l.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President bad, on the 9th
instant, approved and signed the act (S. No.
602) to grant the right of way for the Alameda
road through certain lands in California.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, .by Mr. Clixtost Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 217) to pay expenses of
delegations of Indians visiting the city of W ash-
ingtou.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2-104) to amend
section four of the act of March 31, 1808, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2201) to amend
the naturalization laws and to punish crimes
against the same.
The message likewise announced that the
House had disagreed to some and agreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 1533) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,1871,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. C. C. Washbcb.it of Wisconsin, Mr. G. W.
Scofield of Pennsylvania, and Mr. W. E.
Niblaok of Indiana, managers at the same on
its part.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced thatf the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (II. It. No. 974) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1871 ; and it was thereupon signed
by the Vice President,
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business ; and after three hours
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate took a recess till half
past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
national academy oi sciences.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded tp con-
sider the bill (S. No. 881) to amend the act to
incorporate the National Academy of Sciences.
It directs that the act to incorporate the Na-
tional Academy of Sciences, approved March 3,
1863, be, and the same is hereby, so amended
as to remove the limitation of the number of
ordinary members of the academy as provided
in the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
presidio reservation.
On motion of Mr. NYE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 533) to relinquish the
interest of the United States in certain lands
to the city and county of San Francisco, in the
State of California.
Amendments proposed by Mr. Casserly
were agreed to, so as to make the bill read :
Be it enacted, That all the right and title of the
United States to the folio wing described portion of the
military reservation known as the Presidio or Fort
Point reservation, situated in the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, bo, and the same
are hereby, relinquished and granted to the said city
and county and its successors, for the uses and pur-
poses as follows;:
i To maiDtain all streets and alleys as now laid
out, upon the official map of the city of San Fran-
cisco.
Second. And then in trust to grant and convey the
remainder of said Sands to the parties severally who
n.re at the dateof thopassageofthisactinthe actual
bona fide possession thereof by themselves or their
tenants,and in such parcels as the -abjo are so held
and possessed by them, or who, if they have not, such
possession, were deprived thereof by the United States
military authorities when they went into the occu-
pancy of saidmilitary reservation ; or were deprived
thereof by intruders or trespassers against whom
possession may be recovered by legal process.
Third. To hy\ e and to hold all the residue, if any,
of said lands for the use and benefit of said city. The
premises, the title to which is hereby relinquished,
being more particularly described as follows: com-
mencing at tbesoutheasterly corner of the said Pre-
sidio or Fort Point military reservation and running
thence in a line due north to the shore line of the
bay ol San Francisco; thence westerly along said
shore lino ei^hi hundredfeet, more or less, to afence
erected by the Government of the United States as
the eastern boundary line ot tne said Presidio or
Fort Point militaiy reservation: thence southeast-
erly along the Sine of said toneo to the place ot begin-
ning.
Sr.r. 2. And be it fvrtler e.inct'.a, lnat nothmg in
till-, act contained shall interfere with or prejudice
any valid adveise n ;ht or claim, if such exist, to
said land, or any part thereof, whether derived from
Spain, ilexieo, or the L tilted States, or pieclude an
examination and adjustment thereof by the courts.
The billwas reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
nancy e. ammons.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 022) granting a pension
to Nancy E. Ammons. It directs that the Sec-
retary of the Interior place the name ot Nancy
E. Ammons, widow of Ephraim J. Amnions,
deceased, late private company A, third ISorth
Carolina mounted infantry, on the pension-roll,
and pay her a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month during her widowhood, com-
mencing on the 9th day of December, 1864,
the date of her husband's death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
nayal appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, the
Senate proceeded to consider its amendments
to the bill (H. R, No. 1533). making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1871, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and
On motion of Mr; MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
hy the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed hy the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Morrill,of Maine, Mr. Drake, and Mr. Stock-
ton.
executive session.
In pursuance of an order made, as it is
understood when the recess was taken, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business. At nine o'clock and forty-five
minutes p. m. the doors were reopened,
clvil appropriation bill.
On'motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2165) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn. It is near ten o'clock.
Sir. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not.
We can finish the reading of the appropria-
tion bill, and dispose of the amendments of
the Committee on Appropriations in half an
hour.
The motion to adjourn was /lot agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator from
Maine to yield to me for a moment. I desire
to take up Senate bill No. 878, and pass it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is it about?
Mr. HAMLIN. I object. Let us go on
with the appropriation bill. If my colleague
will not object, I will.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will proceed with the reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In line seven
hundred and eighty-one of the clause making
an appropriation for the survey of the coast
I move to insert after the words "United
States" the words "and Lake Champlain."
The amendment was agreed to.
new orleans and mobile railroad bridges.
Mr. SPENCER. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] withdraws his objection to tak-
ing up Senate bill No. 878. It is an important
local matter, and I should like to have it acted
upon now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama asks the unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
878, to amend an act entitled " An act to estab-
lish and declare the railroad and bridges of the
New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company as hereafter constructed a post
road, and for other purposes,'' approved March
2, 1868. It will be reported subject to objec-
tion.
Mr. SPENCER. It has been read, and the
amendments of the committee, I think, have
been concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better
adjourn if we are not going on with the appro-
priation bill. We cannot do any more business
to-night.
Mr. SPENCER. It is very short, and will
take but a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
reported by the Committee on Commerce is in
line eleven, to strike out "two hundred" and
insert " one hundred and fifty" feet.
