i«n>.
3S49
of &Ub*foti'c<is, theh tbfe atftetiftlfteht ,be
practicable. Under the present system the
amendment will be utterly impracticable.
Air. ARCHER. But if the bill should pass,
then does the gentleman object to making, the
same provision for naval officers* when their
allowances also are cut off?
Mr. LO G AX. No, sir; I agree if the Army
bill shottld pass then this amendment would
be proper. If it should not pass the amend-
ment would be impracticable for the reason I
have Stated.
Mr. SARGENT. I have confidence to
believe that,the Army bill will pass.
The CHAIRMAN: The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the arhendmerit out.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I will say what I
intend in opposition to the amendment of the
gentleman from Wisconsin. 1 understood the ■
Chair to decide that the amendment of the gen- ,
ileman from Wisconsin as modified tats in I
drder. ; . . j
The CHAIRMAN.. The Chair so decided. '
Mr. SARGENT. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
believe the suggestion ina,d.e by the.gentleman j
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] is a good one j that i
is to say, the amendment I Jirbposed would be |
proper in the event the bill ,tb which U refers j
sliould become a Jaw. I have great confidence I
that tinder the able leadership of the chairtiian '
of the Comimtteeon Military Affairs the Army
bill will become the law^ and in view of that
fact I offered the iimendiijient I did. But in
opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Wisconsin I desire to say that it seems to
trie that it is unjust to ciit off the allowances
of me oncers of the Navy,, the effect of. which i
will oe to reduce the pay of officers, and espe- :
cially thoie oflovrer grade, tp starvation point, i
and provide nothing in, rdacc.of them,
have all been ipad'e iii<le1jaufie of law. I deny,
sir, that the action of the Department in making
these allowanfces ha& been in defiance of law.
It has been strictly in accordance with the
uniform practice of the Government froth its
foundation. From the time we first had a
Navy Department it lias regulated, by orders
of the different Secretaries of the Navy, all
such questions, down to the time when the
law passed Congress taking away, the power to
do so. The power was resumed a'6 soon as
that act of Congress, was r.epealcd:: It %y£;> re-
stored by the repealing act., Secretary Weiles
followed closely the precedents of previous
Sectaries Of the Navy. C'6rijjrfci&al frays rftc;
ognized the justness, and -propriety of allow-
ances to the officers of the Navy made by the i
Secretaries, ftnd in .strict accordance with the 1
amounts those Secretaries fixed as compensa-
tion jof the officers of the Navy it made its
appropriation^. While 1 Welles followed the i
old precedents in making (he allowances, Con- !
Stress itself indorsed his action in different
Navy appropriation bills hy expressly appro-, ,
priating the money necessary for paying this I
thirty-three per cent, allowed by him. Yet, |
notwithstanding this, the gentleman from Ohio j
[Mr. Morgan] said to-day that it was done in.
defiance of Congress; that it was a robbery of |
the Treasury. ,
Mr. MORGAN. And I say so still.
Mr. SARGENT. How could it be in defi-
ance of Congress when Congress itself made
specific appropriation for the purpose of pay-
ing the allowances? How could it be a rob-
bery of the Treasbry wberi Congress placed
the specific sums at the disposal of the Secre-
tary to pay the allowances? These general
declamations tvould be ridiculous, as tli'ey are
extravagant, if they did not lead to such bad
resuhs to the low-grade officers, especially the
pay of whom by these means is cut down ,so
they can barely pay their own board, let alone
paying the expenses of their families. With
the thirty-three per cent, their pay is far
below that of the officers of the Army. With-
out it they most leave the service, or serve lis
in abject Jjc'Verty. Who asks siichj injustice to
these men who have periled their lives for us,
and may be called on to. do it to-morrow ? Not
the country, which is grateful for their gallant
service. Let us be just, if hot generous. Let
us provide a _ substitute fdr these allowances
before we withdraw them, or we expel oiir
tried officers from the service, to its irreparable
irtjhry and our disgrdce.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment bystriking out the last word, and 1 do
it for ihe, purpose of opposing the gentleman
from Wisconsin on the point he makes; that
the allowance knbwn as thirty-three per cent,
made to the officers.of the,Navy is contrary to
and in defiance of the law. I believe frotn my
examination, and every lawyer I believe, if he
will investigate it as I have done, will agree
with me, that this allowance has been author-
ized by l$w. , That Congress has the right to
take it off from these men there is. no doubt.
But that each Secretary has been authorized
to make the illowance sih'ce Secretary Welles
issued his order is, 1 believe, capable of
demonstration.
The Navy.Department was organized in 1798.
Under the Constitution there is authority given
j to Congress to regulate and control the admin-
istration of hnlitary and jlaval affairs. Con- i
gress having that control, the President; as the
1 executive officer, has certain powers which I
! need not how enumerate, and certain of those
' powers are given to heads of Departments.
Now, in 1802, four years after the organiza-
tion, pi' the .Navy Department, under the in-
structions of President Jefferson, a strict.con-
, fetructionist, fieting through the Sbcretary ofthfe
' NUty, a bo'ard of commissioners established
I .certain rules .under which the Navy was gov- 1
i 'ferned iitttil 1817, when a new board of com- j
missioners \vas appointed to establish rules :
again for the government of *.he Navy. Cer- :
j tain Of those rules, as will be found by gen- !
! tlehleb wli'o will investigate the subject, pro- ;
j vided for allowances for certain claims which i
it was stated that officers had equitably against :
the Government for increased pay. They pro- '
vided allowances for the rent of quarters, for :,
I rent of furniture, for wood, for lights, and two ,
or thr.ee other specific allowances.
Asbas beed stated by the gentleman from
^alifoMift, £Mt. Sargent,] Congresstime after j
time recognized .these allowances, making ap-
propriations just as they were estimated for.
TW& c'orttiniied until 1885, then Congress in-
tferp^ied, and by an act which became a. law
cut off certain ofthese allowances. Otherallow-
ances Were left existing. Any man would
draw from: this fact the logical inference that
in leaving some of these allowances Congress
Tecognized theth as existing by force of law.
The administration of the Navy Department |
was conducted nnderthis act of Congress from
1835 until 18GG, when Congress again inter- ;
vened., What, did it do then ? It repealed the
act of 1835, which cut off certain allowances I
for rent, furniture, lights,wodd, &rc., arid there-
by brought them back. That is the effect o f a
repeal of a statute. Such is the effect in law,
and such was the purpose and intent of Con- ,
gress j and Secretary Welles, under that, pro- ;
ceeded to commute ; that is, he reckoned ujD
what these different allowances would amount
to, and fixed upon thirty-three per cent, as the
commutation, apercentage really less than they
amount to. The officers of the Navy get less
in the aggregate under that order, than they 11
would if they received the allowances. That is
all there is in this matter. From that day till
this it has gone on in that way. I have a let- .
terfrom the Secretary of the Navy, giving the :
history of this matter, which, if I had time, I
should like to have read.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of , the gentleman from Maine. The
question involved in this discussion appears to
me to be bf a very simple nature, and not dif-
j.fi'cult of determination by such a body as this,
j The simple question is whether the power of
, legislation is vested in the executive or in the
i legislative brauch of the Government. If the
! Secretary of the Navy has the right and the
! power to add one third to the salaries of the
, officers of the Navy, he has the right and the
■ power to double thein, or to quadruple them,
and he has the right and the power to cut oft
from therh one third or one half or three
fourths, of his own mere will. Such a doctrine
' strikes me as monstrous,and lam surprised that.
' my honorable friend from Maine [Mr. Hale]
should have found himself in such straits as ;i
lawyer as to be compelled to advocate such ;i
heresy upon this floor. These allowances were
abuses from tli'e first, and it is immaterial under
what Administration they originated. Con-
gress in 1835 recognized tliern as abuses, and
prohibited them as abuses, and yet honorable
gentlemen tvotild have this House suppose that
because the section prohibiting the abuses was
repealed that thereby the abuses themselves
were revived. That is a novel doctrine.
Now, for one, I am quite willing that the pay
of naval officers shall be put upon an equality
with the pay of the officers of our Army when
the naval officers are reduced in number cor-
respondingly to those of the Army. The Army
bill proposes a reduction of the officers of the
Army to the number of about five hundred.
There is a much greater disproportion in the
Navy between the number of officers and men
than there is in the Army. I proved to-day, in
the course of my remarks, that itpdrt the esti-
mate of the Committee on Appropriations for
eight thousand five hundred ineh, there is ab-
solutely in the American iTavy to-day one offi-
cer for about every three men. I have prepared
a bill which I propose to submit to the judg-
ment and action of this body, rempdeling the
Navy on the same principle that the Army has
been remodeled, and when that is done it will
be time, and time enough, to determine what
shall be the rate of salaries for officers of the
Navy.
And, Mr. Chairman, it is a -fact;, and I regret
to be compelled to repeat it,, that abusg after
abuse has crept into ike Na.vy, pjid' those
abuses have been sanctioned and encouraged
by the Secretary of the Navy, and that not only
has additional pay been given to officers of the
Navy, but it has been charged in the public
journals, as I stated to-day, and I challenge
gentlemen who advocate these abuses to de-
mand an investigation, thatamong other abuses
a sum of from live to six hundred dollars had
been expended for wine and cigars, charged to
the account dr groceries, and paid out of the
Treasury of the United States, for one of the
excursions of the Tallapoosa. Now, these
abuses have crept in, and the only question is
whether this House will continue to sanction
and encourage them, or will require appropri-
ations to be expended in accordance with law.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CONGER obtained the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Michigan allow me, before he goes on, to have
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, which
is a brief legal argument upon the question of
the thirty-three and one third per. cent., read ?
Mr. CONGER. I prefer to offer my amend-
ment, and say what I desire to say first.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, when the gentle-
man gets through I aslc unanimous consent
that it may be read.
Mr. COX, Wait till the time comes.
Mr. CONGER, I dffer an amendment to
come in at.the end of the first paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. There is anamendment
pending, and the gentleman. must offer an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr.i CONGER. Then I offer the following
amendment, to come in atthe end of the pend-
ing amendment :
Provided ftirtker, That all demands, claims, and
items of account against those naval appropriations
