1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I reply now to a remark
of the Senator from Massachusetts. I cer-
tainly think that we ought to reach a vote on
this bill soon, and that it is a great deal wiser
and a great deal better that we address our-
selves to the definite proposition now before
the Senate. I will take some future occasion
to reply to the general observations made by
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
and the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
We all agree as to the important character
of this bill, and everybody in the Senate seems
to be in favor of it in one way or another. But
the great trouble is that every Senator has a
particular view of his own, supported by a dis-
tinct line of thought. The pending amend-
ment now is the one offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts. That proposition is sim-
ply, as we now understand it, without going
into general debate, to give somebody a monop-
oly. He desires that nobody shall have any
of these five per cent, bonds, or shall have the
right to subscribe for them, except the holders
of the first series of five-twenties under the act
of February 25,1862. They alone are to have
the benefit of this measure. And who will be
benefited? Not our own people, for those
bonds are held mainly in Europe, and ingreat
part by the Rothschilds, 1 am told. To the
holders of those first $500,000,000 it is pro-
posed to give the absolute monopoly, while the
holders ot all the bonds since 1862 are cut off.
Nobody else who desires the loan, but only
the holders of those first bonds, can get any-
thing else.
It seems to me that this is wholly unfair. I
cannot for my life see any ground for this
proposition. The true way is to sell the
$400,000,000 to the highest bidder. If we can
get more than par the Secretary will make the
sale and realize the profit. Let us sell to all the
world, whether the bidders hold the first or last
five-twenties. The Senator proposes that they
shall not be sold to anybody except the bidder
be a holder of the first five-twenties. He would
have us limit oar market, and in a way that
would be unfair to the holders of our bonds
and detrimental to the Government.
The Secretary will undoubtedly sell all the
five per cents., as well as a portion of the four
and a half per cents., and in that way remove
the stigma of monopoly which would otherwise
be cast upon the sale. The Senator from Indiana
thinks a four or four and a half per cent, bond
cannot be sold at par. Now, it is very prob-
able that if we authorize all these bonds to be
sold, by putting the three together we may get
a small premium on the five per cents., or we
may sell two species together at par, or manage
to dispose of all, the four, four and a half, and
five per cent, bond* at par. But as a matter
of course the right to buy should be thrown
open to the whole world; no favor, no privi-
lege, no advantage should be given to any one
over another, and above all we should not by
the terms of this amendment confine the pur-
chase of these bonds to those who hold the
old bonds of 1862.
Without any further remarks J trust the
Senate will take a vote on this amendment,
and proceed, one by one, to dispose of the
innumerable amendments offered to the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust this question will
not be decided immediately. It is one in
regard to which time will be beneficial to the
country. To my mind the credit of a nation
is precisely like the credit of an individual.
If I had broken up a few years ago, and had
my bonds out in such large amounts that the
people generally supposed I could not pay
them, before settling with my creditors to
reduce the rate of interest I was to pay I would
wait till I was satisfied that I could convince
not only my own creditors, but everybody else,
that I was able to pay my debts. On the same
principle I would let this matter alone for the
present. The country is growing constantly,
and it is growing up to the debt day by day.
No sensible man who was born here, or who
has ever thought about this country, believes
that it will not be able to pay its debt. Let us
wait a year or two. Two years ago, when
Congress began to talk about this question of
funding, gold was at a premium of forty-seven
or forty-eight per cent. We put the measure
off until gold is now about fifteen and three
quarters or sixteen per cent, premium. Put
it off until next year and you will find gold at
par, or nearly at par, with our currency. Let
us wait until the whole world sees and knows
that we are able to pay our debts, and then we
can make good terms with the money-lenders
of the world. Men will never make good terms
with a man or nation that everybody does not
know is able to pay his debts, unless they make
a great premium by it. A man who has no
credit pays fifteen or twenty or thirty per cent,
for his loans, while the man whom everybody
knows can pay his debts gets money for three
or four or five per cent. So it is with nations.
Let us wait a little while and we shall soon be
in the condition of the most favored individual
in the community or in the world.
Mach of the trouble we have had here has
arisen from our making the banks subsidiary
to the interests of the Government. The State
banks were taking care of themselves, and tak-
ing care of everybody within their circle; but
the Government of the United States got in
trouble and begged the banks to assist it. I say
"begged" them, because the Secretary of the
Treasury of that day came to me, believing that
I was a man of some importance in my own
State, and asked me to get the State banks of
Pennsylvania to adopt his system of national
banking. I encountered great difficulty in it ;
but after a great deal of effort I succeeded in
inducing the State banks of Pennsylvauia to
adopt the national banking system, and that
was done for the nation's benefit. And yet
now we hear these banks spoken of as pen-
sioners of the Government. The fact is that
they are institutions which have conferred
favors upon the Government, andnot onlythat,
but sustained the Government when hardly
anybody else would do it. I look to the day
when this country will have a free banking sys-
tem ; when the business of banking will be just
as free as the business - of manufacturing cot-
tons, or woolens, or anything else. If a man
has more capital than he needs, and he believes
he can make money by going into banking, the
Government should allow him to do it. That
time will come; but just now. you have forced
all the banks into a situation of being subsidi-
ary to the Government of the United States,
and you have taxed them almost out of exist-
ence. After a little while the national banks
will come to your relief, and you may issue a
four per cent loan whieh they will take on con-
dition that you release them from all your taxa-
tion. I believe that the national banks of the
country would take your bonds at three per
cent, and go on banking upon them, and absorb
ten or twelve hundred millions in that way,
allowing them to givey ou the circulation, which
you must have, and releasing them from all
taxation. But you cannot do it now. Who
will take your bonds at four per cent, when he
can get your bonds at five or six? It will not
do. There is nothing in it.
I think if the chairman of the Committee on
Finance would just agree to lay this bill over
until next year gold would then be within
three or four per cent, of par, and all the world
seeing and (relieving that we could pay our
debts, would take our loans at much smaller
interest.
But the great objection I have to this bill is
that it allows a corruption fund. I repeat it,
a fund for corruption. I refer to the authority
it gives to pay the interest of our loans in
Europe and making them payable there in for-
eignmoney. Why should this country, acknowl-
edged to be the most powerful Government that
ever lived, go to a foreign country to pay its
debts? If I, a private citizen, living in Har-
risburg, was in debt, I would say to my cred-
itors, "Come to Harrisburg and I will pay
you;" and every man who believed in my abil-
ity to do so would come there. Why should
we go to Amsterdam, or London, or Berlin, or
St. Petersburg, and have agents there only
for the purpose of letting some other family
make a fortune, as two or three families have
done since I have first been in the Senate, out
of your loans ? Let us convince the world that
we are able to pay our debts, and they will be
glad to get our bonds. They will come here
and seek them.
There are other features of this bill to which
I object, but I will not mention them now.
At the present moment I think the true course
for this country is to let this subject alone. A
few years mors will convince the whole world
that we are able to pay our debts, and then
they will be glad to receive our bonds. Why
should we now pass a bill of this kind ? You
may talk about a four per cent, loan, but no-
body will take your loan at such a rate now
when the world doe3 not believe you can pay
it; but in a year or two they will be glad to get
your consols at three per cent. I think that
the national banks, if they were relieved from
all taxation, would be glad to take $1,000,000,-
000 of your loan at four per cent., possibly at
three and a half, and if I had the doing of it,
1 would make a loan to be used entirely by the
national banks; and I would let them on these
bonds issue their notes at eighty cents in the
dollar, and I would give them forty years pos-
sibly, or thirty-five or thirty years if that be
thought preferable, in which to bank on those
bonds; and after that we shall be so strong
that every part of the world will be glad to get
our bonds.
I have thrown out these remarks without
much reflection, but the substance of them is
fixed in my mind. You cannot by playing the
demagogue, yon cannot by bragging about our
national resources get yourselves out of debt.
This Administration has paid $100,000,000 of
debt in this year, the first year of its existence.
Let it go on next year and pay another
$100,000,000, and everybody will see that there
is no more doujjt about this Government, and
then the worldwill eome to von and ask to
take your bonds.
When I wps a banker, a long while ago, of
course, I lived in my business upon my credit.
I had a capital of $100,000 in my bank, and
while nearly everybody broke np around the
country, nobody ever dreamed of making me
break up, because all believed that I would
pay what I promised to pay. I thus had a
circulation, which was a credit, of eight or
nine hundred thousand dollars, and once or
twice of $1,000,000 on my $100,000 capital.
It was because I never failed to pay what I prom-
ised. So it is with Governmants. Men and
nations are the same. Let is now just post-
pone this measure for the present and wait
until anotheryeat. The ehairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance is my very able and intelli-
gent friend from Ohio. Does he believe that
anybody abroad will now take your four per
cent, bonds or five per cent, bonds at par ?
Your ten-forties are doing well; they nave
established a character all over the country,
and why not rely npon them ? Then, why pro-
vide in this bill for bonds of unknown charac-
ter novel in their terms?
There are a great many people in this coun-
try, as there are in every part of the world,
who have small sums of money which they
desire to invest in some permanent investment.
For instance, a widow has $10,000; she can
live upon $600 a year; she buys your bond at
five per cent., which only gives her $500, but
she knows there will be no tax upon that, and
she will manage to live on $500 because she
knows the $600 will be paid to her just as sure
as the sun rises and sets. That is the sort of
people we have to look to to take our debts.
Those who took your loans before were in great
degree speculators who hoped to make money
