$50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments;
The fir?t amendment was in section one, line
eight, to insert after the words "preemption
laws" the words "and all other laws, not
locally inapplicable."
Mr. PGMEROY. The bill as it passed
the House did not extend the homestead law
to Wyoming, and the committee thought the
homestead law and all other laws relating to
public lands should be extended to Wyoming.
That is the object of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line four, to insert after the word " Wyoming "
the words "with asalary of $3,000 per annum."
Mr. POMBROY. The bill provided that
the salary of the surveyor general should be
the same aa in New Mexico. In New Mexico
it was provided that it should be the same as
* it was in some other place ; and none of the
laws that we could find specially said what the
salary should be. We thought it best to put
it into the bill that the salary should be $3,000,
the amount we have been in the habit of pay-
ing, it not being specially provided for in the
other act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next ameudment was in section two, line
eight, to strike out the word "compensation."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
INTERNAL KEVENCK.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 290.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 290) to amend existing laws relating to
internal revenue was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that on and
after February 1,1870, in addition to the articles
now exempt by law, canned and preserved fish
shall be exempt from internal tax.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of War, in
compliance with the requirements of the act
of Congress approved April 10,1869, contain-
ing a statement of expenditures made under
the provisions of'that act for the improvement
of rivers and harbors of the United States be-
tween July 1, 18G8, and November SO, 1809;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
STATE OP VIRGINIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour business seems to have been exhausted
although the morning hour has not actually
expired. If there be no objection the Chair
will regard the unfinished business of yester-
day as before the Senate. The joint resolu-
tion (S. It. No. 85) declaring Virginia entitled
to representation in the Congress of the United
States is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and the pending question is on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilsox,] to postpone the further consideration
of the joint resolution till Thursday next, at
one o'clock.
Mr. CONICL1NCK Is that motion still
pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to inquire if the
Senator^ from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
wishes time for debate ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do most sincerely ask it;
and I say that in my experience in the Senate
I have never before known such a request
even debated. My friend from Nevada is in-
augurating a new policy, it seems to me, in this
Chamber. It may he advisable to depart from
those old amenities which so long prevailed
here ; but I do not think it is. I think this bill
when it comes up should come up on its merits,
with no question of time, no question of when
it should be considered, but on its merits. Let
us, then, proceed with it.
Now, I have a letter that I have received
this morning from Virginia, stating that in the
middle of this week there will be a large num-
ber of gentlemen interested in this measure
here in order to communicate with Senators ;
and yet my friend proposes to press it forward,
taking from them the opportunity of being
heard. Is that advisable? I, as a Senator,
wish to have the information which I am told
they can communicate. My friend from Ne-
vada wishes to hurry it on so that I shall act
without that. He wishes to try this great case
without the evidence. Now, when the evi-
dence is introduced it may be all on his side
perhaps; I know not how it will result; but
let us hear the case.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
wish to violate any of the usages of this body,
or to disregard a request of any Senator which
is reasonable. I have no such, disposition;
but if there is a rule that prevails whereby
the requests of Senators are necessarily to bo
granted for the delay of important measures
of this kind nothing will ever be done. No
important measure has ever been considered
by this body since I have been here that there
were not Senators who desired to have it post-
poned and to ask for further time. Now, what
arc we doing in the case of Virginia? Virginia
has been organized in the face of all the world.
All the acts done there during the last year
have been public and notorious, under the
immediate eye of the Administration, whose
advice has been taken from day to day. The
bill was introduced when Congress first assem
bled; it was considered by the Judiciary Com
mittee and reported before the vacation. All
this deliberation has been already had, and no
person has yet been able to suggest a reason-
able excuse for further excluding that State.
Now, is the Senate to wait until it can resur-
rect a party of defeated candidates? Is the
Senate prepared to hesitate and signify by con-
stant delays that it is willing to falsify its rec-
ord ; that it is willing to say to the world it did
not mean whatit said when it passed the recon-
struction measures; that it did not mean to let
the States in if they complied with them; aud
that it wants an excuse for excluding them,
and is willing to wait with no record before it
presenting any reasonable excuse for delay ?
If there be people in Virginia who have been
so outraged, if their rights have been so tram-
pled upon, if they desire an appeal from Gen-
eral Canby and the Administration to Congress,
why were they not here at the beginning of the
session? Because they supposed, as a matter
of course, that tlio Congress of the United
States would regard to some extent its obliga-
tions to comply with the implied contract. Did
I say implied ? It was not implied, but it was
well understood when we v/ere prescribing
what should be done by the people of Virginia
that if they did it they should be admitted.
That was understood, and it was supposed by
everybody that Congress was bound by its ac-
tion. Consequently, you had not the defeated
party here, bu t now you hesitate and invite them
to come. Will you benefit Virginia thereby?
Can you put the defeated party in power? If
you can how long can you keep them there ?
Can they execute this constitution ? Can the
minority in Virginia secure equal rights, or
must you have the majority ? Here you have
the pledge of the majority that equal rights
shall be secured.
This, sir, is a grave matter. The Senate, of
course, is the best judge of the propriety of its
own action, and I desire to leave this ques-
tion to a vote of the Senate upon the yeas and
nays. I am willing to concede anything by
way of courtesy; but when I see such import-
ant interests involved, and no reasonable ex-
cuse for delay, it seems to me that a postpone-
ment would be a violation of principle and
would be placing' the Senate in a false posi-
tion. I shall call for a vote of the Senate on
so grave a proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that too
much importance is attached to the effect of
this motion to postpone. Prom what I have
heard of this matter I am disposed to agree
with the Senator from Nevada, that there is no
reason why Virginia should not promptly be
admitted. "So far as the debate has gone I have
heard of none. The reason which has been
given, that the members of the Legislature did
not take the iron-clad oath, is not a sufficient
one, because that oath is not required by a fair
construction of the act of March 2,1867, or any
supplemental act, in my judgment. It has not
been required of the seven States that have
been admitted already. Therefore that forms
no obstacle, in my judgment, to the prompt
admission of the State of Virginia.
But here is the case as it is now presented:
a Senator tells us in good faith, which is to be
presumed as a matter of course—and there is
no doubt he is acting in perfect good faith—
that he desires time, not for the purpose of
delaying this matter or merely to put in a plea
of delay, but for the purpose of presenting
facts which may weigh upon the judgment of
his fellow-Senators. He says he desires two
or three days for that. Now, certainly, there
can be no public necessity so urgent for the
admission of Virginia, that has been kept out
and remained out with her own consent for
some eight or nine years, that we should deny
to a fellow-Senator the opportunity of present-
ing this evidence. My impression is that when
the evidence is presented, so far as I have yet
heard, there will be nothing to change our
minds, and Virginia will be promptly admitted.
In the mean time let it at least be seen that
every opportunity has been given for the pre-
sentation of every fact that may bear upon the
question directly or indirectly. 1 therefore am
disposed to vote for the postponement until
Thursday, and then I shall in all human prob-
ability vote for the admission of Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to postpone, upon which the Sen-
ator from Nevada demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
on the motion to postpone this measure until
Thursday, as I was not in the Senate at the
time it was called up for consideration, and do
not know what reason is given this morning
for the postponement, I should like to be ad-
vised of the grounds upon which it is asked.
I know of no public reason why this measure
should be postponed for a single day; on the
contrary, there are many public reasons requir-
ing it to be acted upon at the earliest practi-
cable moment. It is one of those questions
which do not admit of delay when ready for
action; but there may be considerations that
I do not know of, of a personal character, which
would induce me to vote for a postponement.
I can conceive of none of a general character.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me to say that I put the ques-
tion to the Senator from Massachusetts, and he
said he desired to present evidence and facts
that were on the way, promised by a letter on
his desk, that ho desired to have before he sub-
mitted his objection to the admission of Vir-
ginia. In other words, he desired a postpone-
ment to enable him to submit his objections to
the present admission of Virginia. It seems
to me that it is rather unusual in the Senate,
in the face of a statement of that kind with
regard to an important public measure, unless
there is a manifest intention to make these
motions only for delay, to force a vote at once.
It is unusual on a question so important as
this in the face of such a statement. Every
Senator must weigh such a declaration as that
and judge for himself.
