3550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
shall be decided, adjusted, and fettled by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury according to law,
and their adjudication shall be final, except in cases
w here provision is made for an appeal to the j udiciary
nnd no payment shall bo made at the Treasury, nor
credit admitted, to a disbursing officer for allow-
ances made on the approval or order of any officer
of the Government, unless such allowances ate
expressly authorized by law.
Mr. ARCHER. I make the point of order
on that amendment that it is new legislation.
Mr. CONGER. It simply delineshow these
appropriations shall be paid.
Till CHAIRMAN. It is the opiniou of the
Chair that it is new legislation, and does not
apply to these appropriations only.
Mr. CONGER. I do not like to dispute
with the Chair, but I think if he will examine
the amendment he will see that it is no new
legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of epinion
that it is new legislation.
Mr. CONGER. It is such a provision as
has been inserted in every appropriation bill
that ever passed this House, directing how the
appropriation shall be applied.
The CHAIRMAN. It does not apply merely
to I be appropriation which the committee is
now considering.
Mr. CONGER. I dislike to dispute with
the Chair about these propositions, but the
amendment says expressly '' these naval appro-
priations.''
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is not a limitation on
this appropriation, bat a regulation for settling
naval accounts generally.
Mr. CONGER. It says how this money
shall be expended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that it is a regulation in regard to the
settlement of accounts, and not in regard to
this appropriation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Inow ask unanimons con-
sent of the Committee of the Whole to have
read the letter from the Secretary of the Navy
referred to by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Hale. ] The gentleman in charge of this bill
dees not object to it.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no objection ; I would like to hear it.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word,
and I ask the Clerk to read as a part of my
remarks the letter of the Secretary of the Navy
on this subject. This is the first time I ever
knew a discourtesy of this kind to be offered
to a prominent officer of the Government, to
object to the reading of a letter relating to a
particular subject under consideration.
The Clerk began the reading of the letter,
but before concluding the hammer fell, the
five minutes allowed under the rule having
expired.
Mr? CONGER. I will withdraw my objec-
tion to the reading of the letter.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object, unless the ten
commandments are also read.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection, if made,
must be without condition.
No objection being made, the reading of the
letter was resumed.
Before the reading of the letter was con-
cluded,
Mr. WOODWARD said: Will it be in order
for me to move that the further reading of tlm
interminable letter be dispensed with, and that
it he published in the Globe?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion would not
be in order, as the letter of the Secretary of the
Navy is being read by general consent.
Air. SCOFIELD. ' The letter is a little
longer than I supposed when I asked conscnt
to have it read ; but the Clerk has got nearly
through the reading of it. There have been
three or four arguments, several of them to-
day, made against the action of the Depart-
ment, and this letter is a close, legal argument
of i he Secretary of the Navy upon the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would sug-
gest that this debate is not expediting the read-
ing of the letter.
The Clerk then resumed and concluded the
reading of the letter, -which was as follows :
Navy Department, May 14,1870.
Deab Sir : In response to your inquiry as to the
Condition of law and the regulations in relation to
the allowances of thirty-three and one third per
cent, and twenty per oent. made to officers of the
Navy, and asking my opinion in regard to the legal
authority for the same, I beg leave to say that in my
opinion the action of Mr. Welles making these
allowances did not transcend his authority, and that
they were and remain lawful.
The following is a brief history of this subject and
of the Executive and congressional action had
thereon:
The executive authority to make and establish
regulations for tho government and regulation of
the Navy is indisputable, and the suhjeot-matter of
allowances seems also on principle and precedent to
be within the scope of this authority.
The Congress of 1775 (November 28) established
" rules and orders for the regulation of the Navy of
the United Colonies."—Journal of Congress, 1, 282.
The Federal Constitution, article one, section
eight, empowered Congress to make "rules for tho
government and regulation of the land and naval
forces " of the United States.
By the second section of the second article the
President is constituted the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy, not of course to take actual
command of both branches in the field or on the
seas, but to control, govern, and regulate them in
all their relations,subject only to the restrictions of
the rules affirmatively prescribed by Congress, under
the restricting power given them as above; and in
tho absence of such restriction to govern, regulate,
and do al 1 things necessary and proper in relation to
them, their condition, government, and operation.
In the exercise of their constitutional power, in
July, 1797, nearly a year before the Navy Depart-
ment was created, Congress adopted in constitutional
i'orm, with the consent of the President, the "rules"
of 1775, " as far as applicable to the Constitution and
lawn of the United btates."—Laws, 1,523.
Those "rules" remained in force, controlling and
regulating the executive power in matters within
their Durview, until the passage of the act of March
2,1795, "for the government of the Navy."—Laws,
1,709.
That set was repealed April 23. 1800, by the act
"for the better government of the Navy," which
established " rules and regulations for the govern-
ment of the Navy," to take effect "from and after
the first day of June," 1800.—Laat, 2,45.
These "rules and regulations" were succeeded by
those now in force, namely, the act of July 17,1862,
"for the better governmentof the Navy."—Laws. 12,
600.
None of these acts in terms authorized either the
President, or the Secretary of tho Navy, either rep-
resenting him or independently, to establish any
rales or regulations for either the military or the
civil administration of the Navy, or of the Navy
Department.
But the necessity of establishing them arose from
the very existence of a Navy, and the power was
found in the principles above stated, and was exer-
cised, from the very beginning, by the men who made
tbe Constitution and established and organized the
Government.
This necessity and this power, and its legal conse-
quences, were recognized by the United States Su-
preme Court, January term, 1833, in Macdaniel'sand
Fillebrown's cases—cases of "allowances"for the
disbursement of money, made by theauthority of the
Secretary of the Navy, decided by a unanimous court,
composed of Chief Justice Marshal and Justices
Story, Johnson, McLean, Thompson, and Baldwin.
. The court in the Macdaniel case said: "A prac-
tical knowledge of the action of any one of the great
Departments of the Government must convince every
person that the head of a Department in the distri-
bution of its duties and responsibilities is often com-
pelled to exercise his discretion. He is limited in
the exercise of his power by law; but it does notfol-
iowthathemustshow a statutory provision lor every-
thing he does. No Government could be adminis-
tered on such principles: To attempt to regulate by
law the minute movements of overy part of the com-
plicated machinery of Government would evince a
most unpardonable ignorance of the subject. While
the great outlines of its movements may be marked
out, and limitations imposed on the exercise of its
powers,, there are numberless things which must be
done that ean neither be anticipated nor defined,
and which are essential to tho proper action of the
Government. Hence, of necessity, usages have been
established in overy Department of the Government
which have become a kind of common law, and reg-
ulate the rights and duties of those who act within
their respective limits."—MaedaniePt ease, itl., p. 14.
In Ripley'-s oase, which immediately follows, and
which was decided at the same time, the same prin-
ciples are recognized.
Of the same opinion was the Attorney General m
1853, when he advised Mr. Dobbin, then Secretary of
tho Navy, that the President and subordinate exe-
cutive officers, militaryorcivil.may rightfully estab-
lish regulations in execution of and supplementary
to the statutes and statute regulations."—Opinions
of Attorneys General, 6, 10.
The Navy Department was created in 1798. (act of
April SO, Laws, 1,553.) and placed underthedirection
ot a Secretary, " whose duty," says tho first seotion,
" it shall bo to execute such orders as he shall receive
from tho President of the United States relative to
the procurement of naval stores and materials, and
the construction, armament, equipment,and employ-
ment of vessel* of war, as well as all other matters
connected with the naval establishment of the Uni-
ted States."
In less than four years afterward, namely, in Jan-
uary, 1802, the then President, Mr. Jelferson, astrict
constructionist of executive power,established, and
Hon. Robert Smith, then Secretary of the Navy, by
his command, published and promulgated a system
of "naval regulations," and this without any ex-
press statutory authority to do so.
These " regulations" form a diminutive volume of
thirty-six pages, published in 18U2, at Washington,
which is devoted to tho military administration of
the Navy.
This volume was the only published collection of
Nary rules of any description, I believe, Irom lbtU
until 1817, when the Navy commissioners, created by
the act of February 7,1815, (Laws 3,*202,) prepared
and reported to Secretary Crowninshield, a system
of "rules, regulations, and instructions, for the
naval service of the United States." After being
submitted to and approved by the Secretary of tho
Navy and the President, in September, 1817, this
code of regulations, since known as " the Commis-
sioners' Regulations" or. " Regulations of 1818," was
adopted, signed by the Secretary, established, and
ordered to be printed. It was published in 1818, in
a volume of one hundred and two pages.
By the above cited act of 1815, (Laws 8, 202,) tho
commissioners were authorized to prepare, by and
with the consent of the Secretary, "rules and reg-
ulations necessary" for the following purposes,
namely, "for securing uniformity in the several
classes of vessels, and their equipments; for repair-
ing and refitting them, and for securing responsibil-
ity in the subordinate officers and agents."
This was an affirmative act giving power to the
Navy commissioners. It was provided that the reg-
ulations thus prepared, having been approved by
the President and Secretary, were to go into effect
and "be respected and obeyed until altered and
revoked by the same authority."
They were also to be laid before Congress at its
next session, but a compliance with this require-
ment was not essential to their validity.
"They were so laid before Congress at its next ses-
sion ; but no action was taken, or considered neces-
sary to their validity. Their provisions were made
known to the legislative power, and though the
opportunity was thus given, they were never ques-
tioned. This code of regulations, therefore, in ac-
cordance witirithe act of 1815, had all tbe effect and
virtue of the law.
Most of its provisions are Of a military and not of
a oivil character. There are, however, some provis-
ions which relate to, and, I think, settle the principle
in regard to allowances, namely, seven paragraphs,
(page 57,) relating to full and half pay and full and
half rations; and six paragraphs, (pages 34 and 35.)
on the subject of allowances for cabin furniture "on
fitting out."
Various amounts, ranging from fifty dollars to $750,
were allowed to the commanding officers of naval
vessels, according to the rating of the vessel and the
rank of her commander, &c.
After the publication of those " regulations " no
farther collection of regulations was made and pro-
mulgated until 1832; but many separate orders, cir-
culars, rules, and decisions have been from time to
time issued, but they remained scattered through the
files and reoords-of the Department undigested, con-
tradictory, and often obscure.
Mr. Secretary Woodbury, a distinguished jurist,
afterward successor to Justice Story as justice of tho
Supreme CQurt of the United States, collected, re-
vised, and arranged them and others of a date earlier
than 1817, and making choice of those only which
related to the civil, as distinguished fi'om the mili-
tary administration of the Navy, and adding such
of his own as he thought necessary, published them
in! 1832 in a small volump familiarly known as the
•Red Book."
- That learned tmd indefatigable Secretary intended
(see "Red Book," introduction) to have published in
like manner a digest of all the military, regulations
of the Navy, but failed to do so.
By these Woodbury or "Red Book" regulations
(pages 11,12, and 22) allowances were made for rent
of quarters to officers attached to certain navy-yards
and for "chamber money" to officers attached to
navy-yards where there were no quarters, and to
officers attached to vesselsbut obliged to live on shorei
The same volume (page 10) makes allowances hi
place of "cabin furniture" to officers in command
of vessels, proportioned to their rank and the rating
of their vessels, andvarying from ten dollarsa month
to thirty dollars a month.
It also allowed, pages 22 and 23, commutations fbr
light, and fuel, and servants to officers stationed at
navy-yards, in proportion to their rank, from twenty-
eight cords of wood per annum, and sixty-five dol-
lars per annum for candles, and twenty-four dollars
a month for servants, allowed a captain command-
ing, down to nine cords of wood,, twelve, dollars a
year for candles, and six dollars a month for a ser-
vant allowed to a gunner. '
These.extra allowanoes, thus Made by the fcoaimis-
sioners and by Secretary Woodbury, took effect as a
matter of fact; they were regularly recognized by
the Executive and Congress, estimated for by name
l y every Secretary, and appropriated'for by every
Congress, and remained in operation till.affirma-
tively restrained by the act of 1835, hereinafter men-
tioned.
This act of 1835 affirmatively forbade allowance
for, first, tho drawing of bills; second, the receiving
