2606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Mr. POMEROY. I object to any debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Michigan is that the Georgia
bill be passed over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas
and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandlor, Conkliuf?, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Kdmunds, l<'erry, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Howard, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Nyc, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, ltico, Ross, Sawyer,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Warner, Williams, and
Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Casserly, Colo, Davis, Drake, Fowler,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Ilarlan, Harris,
llowe, Howell, Johnston, McCreery, Morton, Pool,
Pratt, Schnrz, Spencer, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickors, Willcy, and Yates—30.
ABSENT—Messrs.Boreman, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cattell, Ponton, Kellogg, Lewis, Revels, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman, and Spraffue—13.
So the motion was not agreed to.
northern pacific railway.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted an amendment
intended to be offered by him to the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 121) authorizing the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company to issue its bonds
for the construction of its road, and to secure
the same by mortgage; which was ordered to
be printed.
territory of utah.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ha s
been requested by the Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Utah to prpscut resolutions adopted at
a general mass meeting of citizens of Salt Lake,
held Thursday, March 31, 1870, against the bill
(H. Ri. No. 1089) in aid of the execution of the
laws in the Territory of (Jtali, and for other
purposes, which he asks to have presented, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. NYIii. 1 move that that paper bo
printed.
The motion to print was agreed to, and the
resolutions were referred to the Committee on
Territories.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following bills and
joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 349) for the relief of Samuel
F. Butterworth and others ;
An act (S. No. GGO) to compensate Mrs.
Fannie Kelly for important services;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 97) to restore
William Pollard to his original rank in the
engineer corps of the United Stales Navy;
and
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 158) for the
relief of Brigadier General Gabriel It. Paul,
of the United States Army.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the eoneurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (II. It. No. 1718) for the relief of A.
A. Vance, postmaster at Morristown, New
J ersey;
A bill (H. R. No. 513) to provide for hold-
ing annual terms of the United States circuit
and district courts for the northern district of
New York at Elmira, New York; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1766) in relation to the
Iowa river in the State of Iowa.
state of georgia.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Wilson, which was in lieu
of the proviso proposed to be stricken out to
insert the following:
Provided, That in eonscijucnee of the failure of Ihc
Seneral Assembly of Georgia to perfeet a legal or-
ganisation for a. period of over oighteen months, it
be, and hereby is, declared that tho term of sorvico
of the said Qenoral Assembly shall date from the26th
of January, 1870, and shali continue until the persons
to be eliosen on tho Tuesday aft,er tho first Monday
of November, 1872, as mombors of tho General As-
sembly of said Stato, are qualified: t'mvidid, That
tho last clause of tho second subdivision of the first
section of tho third article of tho constitution of
Georgia, in tho following words, " Tho General As-
sembly may by law change the time of election, and
the members shall hold until their successors are
elected and qualified," shall never be by any Legis-
lature exercised so as to extend tho term of any office
beyond tho regular period named in tho said consti-
tution; and tho said Gonoral Assemblyshail by joint
resolution consent to this fundamental condition
before this act shall take effeot.
Mr. TIPTON." Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from Nebraska, I would like to have an
amendment read which I propose to offer to
the Georgia bill as soon as he shall have con-
eluded his remarks. It has been printed, and
the Clerk has the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Nebraska yield for that purpose ?
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely give notice of
the amendment now.
The Chief Clerk read theamendmentintended
to be proposed by Mr. Pomeroy, beingto strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause and to insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing :
Thatthcexistinggovcrnmentin tho Statoof Geor-
gia is hereby declared to be provisional; and tho
same shall continuo subject to tho provisions oi' tho
nets of Congress of March 2,1867, and March 23,18G7,
and of July 19, 1807, until tho admission ofsaidStato
by law to representation in Congress; and for this
purposo the State of Georgia shall constituto tho
third military district.
Srcc.2. And be it further emcted, That in accordanco
with the provisions of and under tho powers and
legislation provided in said nets an eloction shall bo
I) old m said State on tho first Tuesday of Soptomber,
1870. for all tho members of tho General Assembly of
said State provided for in tho constitution of said
State adopted by its convention on tho 11th day of
March, 1SGS. And said General Assembly so elected
shall asHomblo at tho capitol of said State on the 23d
day of November, 1870, and organize preparatory to
the admission of the State to representation in Con-
gress; and the powers and functions of the members
of the existing General Assembly shall oeaso and
determine on the said 23d day of November, 1870.
And to strike out the preamble of the bill,
and in lieu thereof insert:
"Whereas great irregularities havo boon practiced
in tho organization of tho Legislature in the State
of Georgia, both in its first organization and in tho
expulsion of certain members, as well, aV^o, as in
its reorganization sinco the act of Docoinbcr last;
Therefore.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to propose an
amendment, if the Senator from Nebraska will
allow me to do so. I suppose it is competent
to amend the body of the bill before it is stricken
out as proposed by the Senator from Kansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) There is an amendment
pending to the body of the bill already.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have an amendment to
submit in place of frhat submitted by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts^ who is willing to
withdraw his and allow mine to take the place
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be in order.
Mr. WILSON. T have examined theamend-
ment prepared by the Senator from Oregon
and am entirely satisfied with it, and withdraw
the amendment I moved for the purpose of
allowing him to offer his amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that amendment be
read now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment of Mr. Williams is to strike out all
between the word "officer," in the twelfth
line, second page, and the word "provided,"
in the eighteenth line, same page, and insert:
Provided further, That the next election for mem-
bers of the General Assembly of said State >hall be
held on the Tuesday after the first Monday of Novem-
ber, A. I>. 1872, and the last clause of the second
&ubdh ision of the first section of the third articlc of
said constitution, in tho following words, "The
General Assembly may, by law, change the tiino of
election, and the memoors shall hold until their suc-
cessors aro elected and qualified/' shall never be by
any Legislature exeroised so as to extend the term
of any ofiico beyond the regular period named in tho
said constitution; and the said Gonoral Assembly
shall, by joint resolution, consent to this proviso as
a fundamental condition before this act shall talco
effect.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I must con-
fess that I never attempted to address tlie Sen-
ate when I felt so much solicitude in regard
to the decision of the ease as that which I feel
this morning, and Senators present will do me
the credit to remember that I never under any
circumstances force myself upon the attention
of the Senate. I offer that, however, as no
apology for appearing to-day. I appear, if
you permit the paradox, reluctantly and yet
willingly, when I consider how dark were the
clouds that surrounded us when we commenced
reconstruction, how many prophecies we had
that we should never be able to succeed con-
stitutionally and legally; and when I remem-
ber that now we are about to vote on the sub-
ject of admitting the last one of the States so
lately in rebellion, I recollect also that a few
months ago there was no man, not one, in the
State of Georgia who did not believe, as much
as he believed in his own existence, that Geor-
gia was a State of the Union; and I say to every
Senator here and to every man everywhere in
the United States that when we as Senators
returned to our homes in the summer of 1868,
and the question was put to us whether we had
received the Senators from Georgia, we all
replied that they were not elected until two or
three days after our adjournment; but of course
they would have been received just as the mem-
bers were received in the House of Represent-
atives, if they had been elected in time. No
man in the United States doubted in that hoar
that Georgia was admitted; and when I take
that position so triumphantly I know that here-
after when I take it before my people they will
all respond, "True, it was the understanding
of everybody that she was admitted." I do
not propose by any vote that 1 shall cast upon
this occasion to deprive myself of the privilege
of going before my constituents on this ques-
tion and telling them that I held in the Senate
as true that which I averred to them upon the
stump was true; and to accommodate 110 man
here or elsewhere shall I quibble or equivocate
upon this question here or elsewhere. Very
well. If so confident, therefore, that Georgia
was a State in the Union, you will allow me to
refer to the facts ; and I regret as much as you
do that I am compelled to deal in dry detail
with facts in this matter. To touch the consti-
tutional argument I should not think of doing,
particularly after it has been so clearly and
so irresistibly done by the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Carpenter] recently.
By our own legislation wc said to the State
of Georgia, in the presence of tho whole coun-
try everywhere, that "she shall be entitled and
admitted to representation in Congress as a
State of the Union when the Legislature of the
State shall have ratified the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress and known as article
fourteen,, and when her Legislature by solemn
public act shall have declared void " a part of
article five, section seventeen, of her constitu-
tion. 1 hat is tho legislation of the Congress
of the United States on that subject as to Geor-
gia; and whenever she did that, in the self-
same hour, whether by day or night, whenever
that was consummated, then we said further:
"And thereupon the officers duly elected and
qualified under the constitution thereof shall
be inaugurated without delay." No waiting
or postponing that inauguration until they shall
have heard from Congress further; no waiting
or postponing that inauguration under any cir-
cumstances or for any cause ; but thereupou,
without delay, the legally constituted officers
were to be inducted into office.
I do not say that the action of the military
