1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5439
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The same rea-
son applies to this and the following para-
graph ; they should be retained here, having
been stricken out of the Indian appropriation
bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was after line ten
hundred and forty-two, to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the
claim of Mr. Baca y Salas&r for depredations com-,
mitted by the Navajoe Indians in New Mexico, $9,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was after line ten hun-
dred and sixty-six, to strike out the following
clause:
To pay "William Syphax, to supply the difference
between what has been paid him since the begin-
ning of his public service and the-amount he would
have bcenpaid had hisannual compensation always
been equal to that of an assistant messenger, which
payment is hereby authorized, $2,180.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that amendment
had belter go over until to-morrow. I do not
know but that there is some ieason why the
item should be stricken out, but I do not know
what the reason is. I do not want to debate
it, however.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is apparent
on the face of it. The idea of paying a man
the difference between what he has been paid
since he has been in the public service and
what he would have been paid had his annual
compensation always been that of assistant
messenger, is a new idea in legislation which
the Senate will hardly be willing to consent to.
Mr. POMEROY. I concluded that the
House of Representatives had some reasons I
did not know of, and I thought wo had better
look into the matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They had rea-
sons which the Committee on Appropriations
could not understand. The Senator can move
it again in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose we can take a
separate vote when we come into the Senate,
but I hardly think it is of sufficient" conse-
quence to have a separate vote or a reconsid-
eration. We had better pass it over to-night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does it not suit
1he convenience of the Senator to reserve it
till we have the bill reported to the Senate?
Mr. POMEROY. The probability is that I
shall forget it then.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. By permission of the
Senator from Maine, I ask for one moment to
pass a bill granting an extension of time to a
little railroad. I will send the bill to the Chair.
It will take but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fiom
Michigan asks unanimous consent to take up
the bill (S. No. 574) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to the State of Michigan
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Pere Marquette to Flint in said State, and for
other purposes. It will be reported, subject
to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I object to the consider-
ation of that bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator will
not object.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a mere extension
of lime ; that is all.
Mr. THURMAN. If the land has reverted
to the United Slates I am glad ot it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has not yet. It is a
road going right into the woods.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, if the land is
likely to revert to the United States I do mot
i want to lose the chance of getting it back.
Mr. CHANDLER. We want the railroad.
I hope the Senator will withdraw his objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects, and the Secretaiy will resume
the reading of the civil appropriation bill.
The Chief Cleikresumed, and concluded the
reading of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the bill,
on page 24, line five hundred and seventy, by
inserting what I send to the Chair.
Mr. THURMAN. Is the reading of the bill
through ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of
the bill is completed, and the Senator from
Maine has now moved Hh amendment to the
bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do so by direction of the
Committee on Commerce.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 24, in the appropriations "for pub-
lie works in and around Washington," line five
hundred and seventy, to strike out " $3,000"
and insert " $16,500; " so that the clause will
read " for casual repairs of the navy-yard and
upper bridges, $16,500."
Mr. THURMAN. I move that, the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. _ The Senator from Ohio
has withdrawn his objection to the little rail-
road bill which was read a moment ago, and I
ask that a vote be taken on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio withdraw his objection?
Mr. THURMAN. I think we bad better
look into it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he does I renew it.
I object to taking up any other bills while this
appropriation bill is under consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio desire the question to be put on the
motion to adjourn before the question is taken
on this amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves, pending the amendment of
the Senator from Maine] that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at half past
ten o'clock p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 11, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer b}' the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for bills and joint resolutions for
reference to their appropriate committees, and
not to be brought back by motion s to reconsider.
Under this call memorials and resolutions of
State and territorial Legislatures are in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make an inquiry? Has not the morning hour
been dispensed with?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
LIABILITY 01' SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 2384) in addition to an act limiting
the liability of ship owners, and for other pur-
poses.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS.
Mr. KELSEY introduced amendments to the
bill (S. No. 670) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States," passed August
18, 1356, and for other purposes ; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
OUTFIT FOR MEN IN TIIE NAVY.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2385) giving an outfit of clothing to men enlisted
for three years in the Navy; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
TELEGRAPH TO TH1J WEST INDIES.
Mr. SANFORD introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 361) to encourage telegraphic
communication between the United States and
the island of Cuba and other West India islands,
and the Bahamas ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on^
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
TURNPIKE ROADS, DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. STONE introduced a bill'(H. R. No.
2386) to repeal certain provisions of an act
entitled " An act to incorporate a company for
making certain turnpike roads in the District
of Columbia," approved April 20, 1810; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. MeKENZIE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2387) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the select Com mittee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
GRANT OF LANDS TO A RAILROAD.
Mr. BARRY introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2388) granting lands to the Memphis, Holly
Springs, Okalona and Selma Railroad Com-
pany; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered, to be printed.
CHINESE IMMIGRATION.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 362) in regard to the protection of
our laboring and producing classes against
Chinese immigration; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. MUNGEN, the joint res-
olution was ordered to be printed in the Globe.
It is as follows:
Tie it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, That a committee of two on tbe part of the
Senate and fire on the part of the House be appointed,
whose duty it shall be to inquire into the danger
threatening our country from Chinese immigration,
and to report proper means for guarding against or
averting the same ; also. to surest whether specific
legislation, a change of the Constitution, limitation
of the time of sojourn,or the numbers of tkeChinei-e
arriving in the United States, permitting each State
of the Union to prohibit the residence of Chinese
within its limits, or to place such restrictions there-
upon as it may think proper, or whether total exclu-
sion of the Chinese from the States and Territories
of the Union, excepting as travelers and merchants,
will be best for the laboring and producing classes.
DONATION OF CONDEMNED CANNON.
Mr. MUNGEN also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 363) appropriating six piece3
of condemned cannon for the purpose of erect-
ing a monument at Eindlay, Ohio, to the sol-
diers from Hancock county who fell in the
war to put down the rebellion ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military xVffairs.
PUBLIC FAITII.
^Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2389) to preserve the public faith, aud to
protect rights under the laws aud treaties of the
United States ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
SCHOOLCRAFT'S HISTORY OF TII13 INDIANS.
Mr. STEVENSON also introduced ajoint
resolution (H. R. No. 304) relative to School-
craft's History of the Indian Tribes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
LOOMIS AERIAL TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (11. R. No.
2390) incorporating the Loomis Aerial Tele-
graph Company ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed. •
REORGANIZATION OF TIIB COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BINGHAMalso introduced abill(H. R.
No. 2391) to reorganize the Court of Claims;
