1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3551
of money; third, the dUbyming of money; fourth,
the transaction of any busirless forthe Government ;
fifth, servants; sixth, clothing of servants; seventh,
rations of servants; eighth, rent of quarters; ninth,
rent for furniture; tenth, lights; eleventh,fuel: and
twelfth, transportation of baggage. It regulated
the allowance for mileage, which had existence only
as an allowance by executive authority. to ten cents
a mile, and it limited rations, which existed by the
same authority, to one a day.
It thus recognized tho power then existing by
taking away in some instances, and limiting and
regulating it in others.
By tho provision of this act of 1835, until the act
of April 17,1868, (Laws, 14, 38.) all allowances, ex-
cept mileage, wero affirmatively forbidden by law.
This fact must bo borne in mind in construing that
law of 1866.
The act of 1866 is a repealing act so far as it refers
to the prohibitory act of 1835, It repeals only so
much of the act of 1835 as relates to, first, rent of
quarters; second, rent of furniture; third, lights;
fourth, fuel; and fifth, transportation of baggage;
leaving under the bar of prohibition, all other allow-
ances. It thus expressly removes the prohibition
affirmatively placcd upon certain allowances by the
act of 1835, characterizing it as a prohibition, and
recognizing that there was something to be'prohib-
ited, from which the check was by this act removed.
And this view is the more sure, as the act-remov-
ing the prohibition discriminates, removing it from
some, and leaving it as necessary to restrain others
of the same nature.
In the mean tuno the question of executive power
to make allowances, in tho absence of legislative
restrictions, had been set at rest by the consent of
Congress in the.act of July 11,1862, (Statutes, 12, 565,)
which, in section five, expressly recognized the ex-
isting regulations, and gave the Secretary of the
Navy the power to make such alterations of regula-
tions as he might choose to adopt, with the appro-
bation of the President. In effect, to make regula-
tions on all subject-matters within the purview of
departmental action, (allowances had, in the Mac-
daniel et al. cases, been already held to be so.)
Under these circumstances, and on the 23d day
of May, 1866, (acting, I believe, upon the advice of
theNavai Committees of both Houses of Congress,)
Mr. Welles, the then Secretary of tho Navy, in the
exercise of the power thus recognized and conferred,
and from which the prohibition had been thus re-
moved, made and issued the general order of that
date, declaring, in effect, that the prohibition of the
act of 1835 was repealed by Congress to permit the
increase of the compensation of naval officers by the
exereise of the executive power to make allowances
for certain of their necessary oxpenses, and estab-
lishing a fixed rate in lieu of the varying, arbitrary
allowances which he would otherwise be obliged to
cettle in each ease.
This order, officially promulgated, was recognized
by all the officers of the Government; and since that
time the amount necessary Tor the payment of the
allowances has been regularly estimated for and
appropriated by Congress.
The commission appointed in 18— to revise, ar-
range, and consolidate the statutes have also recog-
nized this in. their report on the laws relating to the
ilavy, page 43, section two hundred and twenty-six.
From this history and these references and their
legal effect the conclusion is irresistible to my mind
that the allowances are legal, and will so remain till
taken away by act of Congress, approved by the
President.
Yon will perceive that I have confined this invest-
igation wholly to the subject of the authority for and
legal effect of the allowances referred to, without
touching the general subject of the compensation of
our naval officers, or attempting to discuss or illus-
trate, either by argument or comparison, the ques-
tion whether this is large or small, either as a recog-
nition of the services of our officers or as a support
for their families. Bnt.be this as it may, I think it
is clear that theso allowances, which now .are part
of their regular compensation, should only be super-
seded by some definite and adequate provision, hon-
orable alik« to the Government and to those who
have devoted their whole lives to its service.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hob. Euobne Hale, HMtse of Iiepre entative*.
Mr. WASHBURN, of (Wisconsin.. I rise
for the purpose of opposing the. amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scofield.] I have listened with great patience
to the statement of the Secretary of the Navy
which has just been .read, for I could not
decline to hear His explanation of this matter.
It will have been observed that it takes a very
long argument on his part to prove that there
is any authority for this payment,. Now, I ask
the attention of the Committee of the Whole
for a few momenta while I show, how short, a
statement will answer the allegations of my
friend from Maine [Mr. Hale] and of the
Secretary of the Navy. What is the history
of this matter? I will state at the outset that
the Second Comptroller of the Treasury, a
most faithful and capable officer, refused to
pass these allowances, declaring then, as1 he
declare? now, that they were in utter violation
of law. But he was constrained by .'the order
of the Secretary to allow their payment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What Secretary?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Secre-
tary Welles.
Mr. HALE. The Secretary of the Navy has
no right to give the Second Comptroller an
order.
Mr. "\VASHBURN, of Wisconsirt. Very
well j place the responsibility where you please;
there was an order taking the responsibility
from the Second Comptroller.
■ Now, what is the history of this transaction?
Before the year 1835 the pay of the Navy was
very meager; I will show how much it was.
In 183-1 the pay of Lieutenant Farragut, now
Admiral Farragut, was $1,045 a year ; and he
managed in some way to obtain allowances to
the amount of forty-seven dollars.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How much was the pay
of a member of Congress then? It was eight
dollars a day during the session of Congress, I
believe.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No matter
what it was; it has nothing to do with this sub-
ject. There was great complaint that the pay
was too.low. Congress thought it too low, and
in 1835 passed a new pay bill raising the pay
very greatly, doubling it, I think, or nearly so.
Congress in making this increase imposed a
limitation in a provision declaring that the
officers of the Navy should receive no other
pay of any kind whatever. That provision
remained in force 
Mr. HALE. That act does not cut off all
allowances.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
show what it cuts off. It cuts off the allowances
in the same way that my amendment contem-
plates. 1 propose to reenact it.
That provision remained in force till 1866,
when the following proceedings to,ok place in
the Senate on an appropriation bill:
_" Mr. Grimes. I offer this amendment as an addi-
tional section:
' 'lie it further enacted, &c.. That the second section
of an act entitled An act to regulate the pay of the
Navy of the United States,' approved March 3,1835,
*nd all acts or parts of acts authorizing the appoint-
ment of Navy agents be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
"Mr. Trumbull. What is the effect of that? It
seems to be a general provision of law which has
nothing to do with an appropriation bill. I do not
understand it. It seems to be a repeal of the law
authorizing the appointment of Navy agents.
" Mr. Gbimes. That is it."
. He did not intimate that the amendment
affected in any way the pay of the Navy. He
simply said that it cut off the appointment of
Navy agents.
"Mr. Fessenden. They have been dispensed with
already.
"Mr.Tkumbull. How? Bylaw?
'.I Mr. Cojjness. By tho action of the Department.
Ihe amendment was agreed to."
That is .all that took place in the Senate
when this proviso was repealed. The bill came
back to the House, where the amendment was
disagreed to. A committee of conference was
appointed; and my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] knows what takes place in
committees of conference, for I have often
heard him rail against such committees. The
committee of conference did not agree to that
amendment. They agreed to a portion of it;
but they retained this part of the section which
Mr. Grimes sought to repeal, and it still stands
on the statute-book unrepealed:
"It is hereby expressly declared that the yearly
allowanoe provided in'this act is all the pay, com-
pensation, and allowance that shall be received
under any circumstances whatever by such officer
or person, except for traveling expenses."
. Mr. ARCHER. The gentleman will permit
me to say that the conference committee agreed
to no such thing. The Congressional Globe
shows that they agreed to amendment No. 11,
the amendment of Mr. Grimes, which pro-
vided for the total repeal of the second section
of the act of 1835.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Jilr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw my amend-
ment, that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
LoGj^n] may renew it.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I think the debate on this
proposition ought at least to cause the House
to reflect seriously as to its duty with reference
to this particular proposition. Whenever a
provision oflawis so vague, indefinite, and un-
certain as to cause so much debate, pro and con,
as to whether a particular provision is in force,
I think this fact affords sufficient evidence that
we should do something to make the hiw cer-
tain. If, as has been well said by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburjj,] it required
such a speech—for I can call it nothing else—as
that of the Secretary of the Navy, delivered
here by proxy through the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] to prove that
there is legal authority for this allowance, I
think there is a necessity that we should adopt
somepositive enactment which shall free the
question from all doubt. I am in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
which provides that all these allowances shall be
cut, off, and that the naval officers shall be paid
the amount provided by law ontside of these
allowances. _ If their regular pay is not suffi-
cient I am willing to vote to provide a specific
salary for each of these officers.
I am in favor of making the pay sufficient;
but let us have it fixed and certain, so that it
will not require the reading of the statutes from
1795 to 1870 to show what is the condition of
the law on the subject. It is very easy for us
to arrange this matter so that our legislation
can be understood by anybody. We ought not
to permit this allowance of thirty-three per
cent, to be paid by a mere order of the Secre-
tary of the Navy. The House will remember
that in 1864 we provided that the officers'* of
the Army should receive an extra allowance
of, I believe, thirty-three per cent.,in addition
to their ordinary pay and allowances. In 1865
wa continued it. Then we repealed it and,
struck off the thirty three per cent, allowed
to the officers of the Array, for the reason that
it made their pay unnecessarily complicated.
For the same reason that it was stricken from
the pay of the officers of the Army at the last
session of Congress it ought to be stricken from
the pay of the officers of the Navy. I hope,
therefore, the amendment of the gentleman
from Wisconsin may be adopted, so we may
have some definite rule for the payment of
officers of the Navy as well as officers of the
Army.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] the other
day, when he closed his general speech on this
Navy appropriation bill, made some remark-
able admissions. I do not know whether they
were made in reference to this particular mat-
ter of extra pay to officers of the Navy or not.
He said the Navy Department was carried
on in total disregard of law, under the direc-
tion and by the advice of a "favored few
that it was used for the "glorification of cer-
tain officers, their friends, and flatterers;"
that there was an irresponsible party who
stood between the nominal Secretary, of the
Navy and the various bureaus of the Depart-
ment, and who ran both the Navy Department
and the Navy in other interests than those of
the people. I do not know, Mr. Chairman,
whether the gentleman had reference, when
he used that language, to this matter of extra
pay, which is the subject matter of his amend-
atory proviso to the first section of this bill.
If he did, it has as much reference to Secre-
tary Welles as to the present Secretary of the
Navy. He could not have meant this extra
pay of thirty-three and a third per cent., for
his language would be peculiarly inapt and
unjust if so intended. The truth is, the pres-
ent administration of the Navy Department
is obnoxious to the severest criticism for its
imbecility of administration. It has been
ridiculed for its double-headedness; that is,
