1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
does not know anything can talk eternally.
[Laughter.] If a man has not a single cor-
rect financial idea in his head he can get up
here every day and talk whole hours; it does
not trouble him; it does not cost him any-
thing. So with us with persons who write to
us on the subject. I have just sent a letter to
my committee-room, I think of sixteen pages,
from a man who has some crude idea he caught
from some speech made here. He did not
know half as much as the man who made the
speech. I was going to make a comparison,
but I will not—he did not know anything.
There are some very good points in the
amendment of my friend from Massachusetts,
and some that I do not agree to. I shall vote
with him, perhaps, on his first and second
amendments. I am perfectly willing to make
these bonds ten-forties, because our existing
ten-forty bond has a good reputation in the
money markets of the world. It is no injury
to the Government to make them ten-forties,
because they can be paid off at any time after
ten years. They can be paid in eleven or
in thirty-nine years, and there is no sort of
objection to making them ten-forties. I think
I shall vote with him to increase the amount to
$500,000,000, because I do not believe that we
can negotiate any more in the next year than
$•500,000,000 bearing five per cent, interest. I
believe we can negotiate them to-morrow with
the understanding that no further issue bearing
that interest shall be made by the Government.
I hope, sir, that the bill will not be post-
poned, but that we shall perfect it. There are
a great many good propositions before the Sen-
ate, and I believe that within the next day or
two we shall be able to make this very nearly
a perfect bill, as nearly so as can be expected.
I hope we shall not postpone it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to make a remark?
Mr. SUMNER. I have been shut out from
making a remark in reply to the Senator from
Ohio now for some half hour; but I yield
cheerfully.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I simply wish to correct
the Senator from Michigan. I did not say that
there were two Senators who had avowed them-
selves as bankers, or intend to cast any slur on
anybody.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not so understand.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that there
is an effort in the country to make the impres-
sion in opposition to this scheme of funding the
public debt that it is conducted in the interest
of bankers 5 I have seen that statement in
various newspapers; and I simply -said that I
hoped Senators would not express themselves
in a way to give countenance to tha£ preju-
dice. 1 know very well that banking enables
a man to judge of financial questions perhaps
better than any other business, and I have no
doubt that the Senator from Michigan, and I
am very sure that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, is a better judge of this question than I
am. As to the remark about persons occupy-
ing a great deal of time, I suppose the Senator
from Michigan did not mean to apply that
remark to me.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I merely wish to
say a single word in reply to what the Senator
from Oregon has said. It seems to be inferred
that if a man here says anything which shall
have a tendency to protect the interests of
the banks he must be interested in them. Well,
I have been interested, and am now. I was
a bank stockholder at the time the national
banking act went into operation, to the amount
of some forty or fifty thousand dollars, but
that was not very much; and now I am inter-
ested to the large amount of $5,000! It is
possible that that has a great influence on me,
but if I thought it had I would give the stock
away as soon as I could draw the line of a
pen.
Several Senators. I will take it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am not permitted
to do that. [Laughter. ] It would take a little
more than has been said to convince me that
I ought to do it. [Laughter.]
I simply rose to say that I have had no con-
sultation with bank men, either. What I have
said I have said from an honest conviction
that the banks are liable to be placed in a posi-
tion which is not right and just toward them.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it will be
remembered that now half an hour ago the
Senator from Ohio answered what I said with
regard to the importance of confining the ap-
plication of the proceeds under the first sec-
tion to the first loan of 18G2. Since then there
has been a very wide departure; Senators have
introduced other matters; and you have now 1
before you adifferentproposition, beingnothing
less than to postpone this whole question.
Now, sir, I am against any such postpone- I
ment. I am anxious that this bill shall be j
acted on with all speed consistent with matur-
ing it in proper form, and it is in order to
mature it in proper form that I have made the
motion to which I shall now address myself;
for though I know that the question directly
before the Senate is the postponement of the
whole measure, yet all other questions are
included in that.
I propose that the proceeds under the first
section—and if I can nave the attention of the
chairman of the committee and also of my
friend from Michigan to what I am about to
say I shall be gratified, because each has crit-
icised the position that I have taken—I propose
that the proceeds under this first section shall
be applied to one particular loan. Now, how
does my friend from Ohio answer me? There
is an old saying, "give a dog a bad name and
it stands a very poor chance." He gives the
proposition a bad name; he says it is to give
a monopoly to certain persons. How so? It
provides that the proceeds under this first sec-
tion shall be applied to the payment of a par-
ticular loan. What monopoly is there in that?
The holders of that loan were the first to lend
money to the United States. In that respect
they were monopolists. They had a monopoly
of obligation, a monopoly of lending at that
time. They were first to contribute pecuniary
assistance t6 the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I witl respond to the
remark of the Senator from Massachusetts by
a familiar illustration that will actually take
place if his amendment prevails. This bill
requires the banks to take one third of the
amount held by them in five per cent, bonds.
Suppose they hold bonds of 1864, they are
redeemable; they bear the same rate of inter-
est as the five-twenties of 1862. Now, accord-
ing to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts the Secretary of the Treas-
ury will be compelled to refuse to exchange
these new bonds for the bonds held by the
banks, unless they happen to be of the old issue;
and it is an actual fact, shown by the record,
that there are only about thirty-nine million
dollars of the old five-twenties in the United
States so far as there is a record.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad the Sen-
ator has made the explanation, and I have to
submit that it does not alter the case in the
least; and permit me to say that his criticism
some time ago proceeded on a misconception
of the proposition. I think had he borne the
proposition in mind he would not have said
what he did. The amendment of the com-
mittee provides that the new bonds may be
disposed of at the discretion of the Secretary,
under such regulations as he shall prescribe,
either in the united States or elsewhere, at
not less than their par value for coin. They
may be disposed of, they may be sold 
Mr. SHERMAN. Or exchanged.
Mr. SUMNER. They may be disposed of,
they may be sold, or they maybe "exchanged
for any of the outstanding bonds of an equal
aggregate par value heretofore issued, and
known as the five-twenty bonds, and for no
other purpose." Now, I propose to confine
the exchange to the five-twenty bonds of 1862.
But that is not all; and now I call attention to
a clause which certainly the Senator had not in
his mind when he spoke of monopoly :
And the proceeds of so much thereof as may be
disposed of for coin shall be placed in the Treasury,
to be used for the redemptiou of such six per cent,
bonds at par—
That is, with my amendment, six per cent,
bonds of 1862—
as may not be offered in exchange.
My object is to confine the application of
these proceeds absolutely and exclusively to
the first loan of 1862. The Senator says some
of the bonds of 1804 are lodged with the banks.
What has that to do with the question? Some
of the bonds of 1802 may be lodged with banks.
Then they would come forth and be redeemed
by the Government, and the bonds of 1864
would not come forth, but they would still con-
tinue in the banks or would come under the
operation of the subsequent clauses of the
bill.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator argues that
the first obligation is to pay the bonds of
1862. That is not proposing to do any favor
to the holders of those bonds. Those bonds
would be worth four, five, or six per cent,
more to-day if it was understood that they
were not to be paid in the next fifteen years.
There is no moral obligation to pay them in
advance of any others ; it is not proposing to
confer a favor on them. Those bonds would
be worth to-day from four to six per cent,
more if it were distinctly understood that they
were not to be paid until they are due in 1882.
Mr. SUMNER. Does that touch the point?
Mr. MORTON. I think it does.
Mr. SUMNER. Does that touch the point
that I am trying to present to the Senate? I
know very well that a six per cent, bond is worth
more than a five per cent, bond, always pro-
vided that the credit of the Republic is assured,
and that is what I am now trying in an hum-
ble measure to accomplish. I wish to do some-
thing for the national credit. I wish to put
this bond forward in Such away as will redound
most to that credit. I believe that the prop-
osition of the committee is unnecessarily feeble.
I wish to strengthen it. I do not differ from
the committee in principle, but I desire by this
very slight modification to sponge out that first
debt of 1862 by requiring that under this first
section all the proceeds shall be applied abso-
lutely and exclusively to that debt and none
other.
Iu making this effort I am encountered by
the suggestion of monopoly. What is the
monopoly? It is simply that certain persons
are the first creditors; thejr hold the first mort-
gage on.our country, the first mortgage bond,
is it not the custom in business to pay the first
mortgage before you pay the second? And yet
the proposition now is to distribute these pro-
ceeds over a succession of mortgages. I would
confine it to the first mortgage, pay that off,
and then, I believe, all the rest will be so
assured, your credit will stand so firm, that
you may go into the market with your four
and a half per cents with a reasonable chance
of success.
I know not that the change I propose will
be of auy very great value; I know not that it
will be decisive in determining the national
credit; but I am sure that it will contribute to
that result. I am also sure, by the best atten-
tion I am able to give to the question, that
nothing injurious can result from it, but that
so doing you will harmonize all interests and
best fortify this very bill.
I hope, therefore, when the time comes, if
it. ever does, to vote on these questions, that
the Senate will concur with me in requiring the
application of these proceeds to the first mort-
gage of our country.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to make a few
