1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4495
I feel disposed to urge the passage of the
bill without amendments. It should be passed,
as I think, without the amendment proposed
by the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake.] It is true that the owners of coun-
try newspapers have the right under existing
laws to circulate their periodicals within the
limits of the counties in which they are printed
free of postage. But., sir, those newspapers,
so i'iit- as they have given expression to opin-
ions on this subject, are nearly unanimous in
favor of this change. If they do not desire
the advantage which it is supposed would be
derived from the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Missouri, why should
Congress thrust it upon them?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
bull in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until the second Monday of
December next.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I hope that
motion will prevail. The argument that we
have had upon this subject shows the neces-
sity of perfecting some system. We are now
on the eve of the adjournment of the session,
and have no time to perfect the proper system,
no time to consider the matter. No system
has been brought in here by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads. They have not
brought in a perfect bill. They have had all
winter, but it appears they have not had time
enough to perfect a measure. If the last six
months have not afforded time enough to do
that, there is no reason to presume that it can
be done in the few days that now remain of
this session ; and certainly, from the progress
they have made heretofore, it is but reasonable
that they should have until the second Monday
of December next. Let us retain the old sys-
tem until that time.
It seems to me that it would be a very rash
thing to throw this whole system into confusion
just as we are about to adjourn. The fall
elections are coming on. Both parties are
desirous that the country should be informed
as to what has occurred here, and as to the
condition of the country; and if we are left
without the franking privilege, or any substitute
for it. we cannot furnish that information. We
probably shall be left without any substitute,
orif a substitute isprepared and rushed through
hurriedly it will probably be more expensive
than the system we now have.
The Departments must be supplied in some
way. If you pass this bill the result will be
that probably you will appropriate a gross sum
of money to pay their postage, without any
proper guards being thrown around it. It will
take at least two years before you can perfect
a proper system on this subject. While the
question is before us let us perfect it, and let
Us put in this bill all the legislation that we are
going to make on the subject.
If it is proposed to substitute stamped en-
velopes in lieu of the privilege of franking,
let us see the system under which that is to be
done. Let that come into effect as the present
system goes out. But we should not pass this
bill in its present condition and then appro-
priate a large amount of money for the inau-
guration of a new system, of which we know
nothing, and which will be much more expen-
sive than the present system. That is not the
way to legislate.
1 submit that we should have before us such
a scheme as Congress will stand by. If it is
the opinion of the Postmaster General and of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
that some other system must be substituted for
the franking privilege, then make the change
in this bill; but do not abandon the franking
privilege at this stage of the session without
any pioper substitute.
I voted to bring this bill up ; I have voted
for its consideration nearly every time that it
has been called up, unless on some occasion
when it was perfectly manifest that something
else should be taken up in preference to it.
But it has dragged along during the session,
until now it is very obvious that it ought not
to be passed in the few remaining days of the
session. 1 appeal to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads to let
us know what change is to be made, to let us
legislate upon this question as we do upon any
other question. I think too much stress has
been laid on the fact that this bill has passed
the House of Representatives. We ought not
to commit ourselves to a bill of this kind en
that account.
I think if the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads had this bill recommitted to them
they could report at the next session some
measure on which we could agree. Let us have
a reform ; let us cutoff the abuses of the frank-
ing privilege; let us treat this as we treat all
other questions; but do not let us send this bill
back to the House because they passed it, for
the purpose of punishing them. I hardly think
that a bill of this kind would have originated,
with all its imperfections, in our Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads. It does not seem
to me to be the sensible thing to do. It does
not look to me like rational reform. As it has
been delayed, no matter for what reason, until
this stage of the session, it is certainly reason-
able now that it should go back to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and be
laid over until the next session. My motion
is to postpone it until the second Monday in
December next. If that motion prevails the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads will
have ample time to perfect a proper system.
But if you pass this bill in its present shape
you will be forced under the pressure of the
necessity of the case to make heavy appropria-
tions on a general estimate, to be used in some
way by the Department to bridge over the diffi-
culty for the time being. You will be without
a system when you meet next December, and
a great deal of time will be occupied then, as
now, in perfecting a proper bill. You will save
nothing by it.
It does seem to me that this legislation is
child's play. The idea is to punish the House
because they have thrown the responsibility
upon us. I know they have been in the habit of
throwing the responsibility on the Senate, pass-
ing bills of this sort with the expectation that
we would kill them. I do not propose to kill
this bill. I propose to lay it over until the
next session, and let such reforms as can be
suggested by the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads then be adopted.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator would bury it
without killing it.
Mr. STEWART. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads is cer-
tainly not so adverse to this bill that a recom-
mittal of it to his committee is necessarily to
bury it. It seems to me there ought to be a resur-
rection in that committee for it, if anywhere.
The chairman is so enthusiastic in urging the
passage of the bill that I have no doubt he
would bring it forth again. I propose to com-
mit the bill to its friends, not to its enemies.
If I wanted to dispose of the bill and bury it
without killing it I would refer it to its ene-
mies. I propose to send it to its friends. Let
them perfect it, so that they themselves will
be satisfied with it. j
No Senator has said that this bill is such a I
one as we ought to pass unless we pass supple-
mental legislation. I say there is no time to
mature that legislation at this session. Every
one knows that there is not, and that if we pass j
this bill we shall be compelled to appropriate j
for the postages of the Departments in bulk, j
without knowing how much it will be necessary
to expend. It will be more expensive than
the present system. That is the situation in
which we now are.
I take it for granted that the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads have not had time
to mature a proper system. At any rate, they
have brought before us a bill that is not per-
fect. The present system has been -going on
for the last thirty years at least; I do not rec-
ollect the exact time, but for many years. This
idea of abolishing the franking privilege has
been under consideration for the last six years,
and I have as yet seen no perfected measure.
Every one admits that we have not got one
now, and certainly it is but reasonable that we
should give the committee ample time to pre-
pare it. Let us give them until the next ses-
sion, and then I shall cheerfully vote for a
measure of reform. I think the abuses of this
system may be cut off. I think something can
be invented so that the franking privilege shall
not be abused. That appears to be the com-
plaint of the country.
It is stated here by all the friends of this
measure that they do not intend that the De-
partments shall pay for theirpostage on official
business. No one contends for that. No one
contends that Senators and Representatives
should pay their own postage on official business.
Mr. RAMSEY. We do not ask them to pay
for fire and lights, but we do not want to put
that on this bill.
Mr. STEWART. You do not want to put
it on this bill; you want to put it in another
bill. Let us see that other bill. It seems to
me this is the very bill on which those propo-
sitions should be put. If you are going to
carry out the idea that officers of this Govern-
ment in doing the business of the Government,
members, Senators, and heads of Departments,
are to have free postage, that the Government
business shall be done without charging indi-
viduals for it, you should have it now on this
bill. If we are to furnish them free postage,
as we now do, and abuses have grown up, let
us change the mode of giving them free postage
at once, and not cut it all off' and trust to luck ;
trust to a general gross appropriation of money.
I do not like this kind of legislation. I do
not think it is sensible. I do not think it com-
ports with the dignity of the subject. When
we intend that there shall be free postage for
certain objects, the same objects for which this
so-called privilege is intended, why not say so
in the bill? Why cut it all off; why throw the
patient into fits because we think we can cure
fits better than anythingelse? That is the kind
of legislation we are upon now. We think we
shall get the bill in the worst possible shape ;
it will delay the business of the Departments
and show them that the business cannot be
carried on without having an appropriation for
the payment of postage. We want to satisfy
the country that the head of a bureau, out of
bis four or five or six thousand dollars a year
salary, cannot afford to pay twenty or thirty
thousand dollars for postage.
We want to demonstrate that fact. How are
we going to demonstrate it? We are going to
cut off at once all free transmission of matter
in the mails, throw the public business of the
country into confusion generally, for the pur-
pose of letting that confusion reign for a time
so as to convince the people that they must
have legislation on this subject. I believe
the public generally understand that we must
have free postage to a certain extent, and I
believe the public only want to have the abuses
of that system cut off. When a bill comes in
from the Post Office Department, or from our
Post Office Committee, providing a system that
will cut off the abuses and will furnish free
postage for the Government business, where it
is necessary, where it cannot be carried on
without it—when they bring in that kind of a
bill they will get the vote of the Senate, and
there will be no discussion over it, it will take
no time. If a bill came here in that shape it
would pass at once. But we want to show the
Postmaster General and we want to show tlio
country that there is a mistake in sending these
petitions here. We want to show them that
business is going to stop, and we want to slop
it for that reason. I suppose if we should regu-
late this matter properly the country is suffi-
ciently intelligent to understand it.
