m
THE GONaHBSKWJfcL GLOBE.
January 11,
the rebellion and. to require them to submit to
the authority of the laws and to preserve the
Constitution and the life of the Republic. But,
sir, it will not satisfy the American people,and
it must not satisfy ns as long as there is any
doubt, any hesitation as to the complete sub-
mission of Virginia or any other State to the
authority of the Constitution and the laws.
As long as there can be one scintilla of evi-
dence that this bloody strife may be renewed
which has ingulfed this country in civil war we
ought to hesitate. Therefore, I disagree with
my colleague and other Senators on this floor
when a Senator like the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says that he has important facts to
communicate, or has evidence to induce him to
believe that there will be important facts pre-
sented which may influence the decision of this
body. But I repeat, sir, in voting for the
postponement I do not wish to be understood
as being opposed to the speedy admission of
the State of Virginia into the Union.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Eorcman, Brownlow, Cameron,
Chandler, Colo, Drako, Edmunds, Fowler, Haj-ris,
Howard, Ilowe. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of V er-
mont, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Schurz,
Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wilson,
and Yates—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Carpenter, Casserly, Conkling,
Corbett, Davis, Fenton, Fcrvy, Hamilton, Harlan,
Kellogg, MeCreery, McI)onala, Norton, Robertson,
ltoss, Salisbury, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurman, Trumbull, Viekcrs, Warner, Willcy, ana
Williams—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Bayard,
Buckingham, Cattail, Cragin, Gilbert, Ilamlin, Mor-
ton, Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, and Spraguo—14.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] which will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the joint resolution
the following proviso:
Provided, Thatshould the Legislature of said State
at any time hereafter pass any act or resolution re-
scinding or annulling its ratification of the fifteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the passago of such act or resolution shall
operate to exclude the said State from representation
in Congress and to remand said State to it# condi-
tion immediately prior to the passage of this resolu-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any probability that such an amendment as
that can obtain; but it would be so manifestly
improper that it should that I think it is only
necessary to call the attention of the Senate
for one moment to it. If this Congress has a
right to pass such a proposition as that, another
Congress would have a right to repeal it; and
what would it amount to? Suppose that the
Senate were to adopt this proposition, does
the Senator from Missouri by offering such an
amendment as that recognize the authority of
the State of Virginia afterward to take back its
ratification of a constitutional amendment?
Why, it is an admission, a confession on the
part of the Senator who offers it, that the State
of Virginia, after it has ratified a constitutional
amendment, may rescind and repeal it. Why,
sir, the act of Virginia rescinding and repeal-
ing its ratification of a constitutional amend-
ment would be so much worthless paper; and
does the Senator from Missouri propose to
punish the people of Virginia or the State of
Virginia for doing a void act? Why put in
such a clause as that except that the Senator
from Missouri distrusts the action of the Legis-
lature of Virginia in ratifying the constitutional
amendment? You might as well put such a
clause as this in a law with reference to any
other State as with reference to the State of
Virginia after it shall have become one of the
reeognized States.
And can it be that the validity of any clause
in the Constitution of the United States is
made to depend upon the action of States,
after that clause has become part of the Con-
stitution by the ratification of the requisite
number ot States ? Is it true that we must
provide a penal code to be enforced against
States in order to maintain the Constitution ?
I think the Constitution is stronger than any
penal code, and that we give no additional
strength to any provision in that instrument by
undertaking to provide by an act of Congress
that certain consequences shall follow to a
State, in case it repeals or rescinds its resolu-
tion of ratification.
I am unwilling to throw any doubt upon the
validity of the ratification of a constitutional
amendment by a State by making any such
provision. I think that this proposition does
do that. Itdoesnotstrengthenitatall; atbest
it is worthless. It cannot do any good, and it
seems to me it is calculated to weaken the Con-
stitution, and to weaken the confidence of the
people of the country in the validity of a con-
stitutional amendment which shall be adopted
when they see that the Congress of the United
States itself is afraid that it will amount to
nothing unless it by some act of Congress pro-
vides for making it effective.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I am not sur-
prised at the opposition manifested by the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee to this
amendment. I think it has been very apparent
from the beginning of the work of reconstruc-
tion until this time that the Senator from Illi-
nois has had a great aversion to anything in
those laws that had a grip in it. If reconstruc-
tion acts were to be passed that would seem to
dothethingand yeteome a little short of doing
it, they were eueli acts as the Senator from
Illinois was willing to pass ; and we have had
from time to time to patch up our reconstruc-
tion acts, and provide for the things that were
omitted by the Senator from Illinois in the
drafting of those that were passed. And now,
sir, when a proposition is made to put into this
bill a provision which is to have a distinct and
substantive effect in producing a given result
the Senator from Illinois is opposed to it, as he
always has been opposed sincc I have been in
the Senate to everything in connection with re-
construction that really did go^right to the heart
of the thing, leaving nothing at all to be done
thereafter.
Now, sir, what are the objections that the
Senator from Illinois urges to this proposi-
tion? Why, in the first place, he urges that
another Congress might repeal this provision.
Does not the same objection lie to every single
sentence of our reconstruction acts ? A subse-
quent Congress, or the same Congress at a subse-
quent session, might have repealed every one
of them. What kind of objection would that
have been to those acts to have been urged on
the floor of the Senate liere, that a subsequent
Congress might have repealed any one of them ?
Sir, the Senator from Illinois knows very well
that that is an objection which amounts to noth-
ing at all. You can make the same objection
to every act of every description that we pass
on any subject.
The second objection of the Senator from
Illinois is that by this am endment we recognize
the right of Virginia to retract her ratification
of the constitutional amendment. There I take
issue with the Senator. In my opinion we do
no such thing. We simply inform Virginia that
if she attempts to follow the example of her
sister Democratic State, New York, we shall
put her back to where she was before. In other
words, that the Congress of the United States
will not be trifled with in this way by thatState.
Sir, I am of the opinion clearly and definitely,
without a moment's misgiving, that if you ad-
mit Virginia unconditionally, it will not be ten
days after her Senators and Representatives
have taken their seats in the two Houses that
the Legislature of that State will rescind its
ratification of the fifteenth amendment. I
would wish that in some way or other the Jight
might break into the mind of the Senator from
Illinois on this subject. I would wish that in
some way or other he might see that the Dem-
ocratic party in this country has entered upon
a struggle to prevent the ratification of that fif-
teenth amendment. I would wish that he might
see how it is that he and other Republican Sen-
ators here voting with the Democratic Senators
are probably helping that work forward. There
is not a Democratic Senator here, nor a Dem-
ocrat anywhere, that does not insist upon the
right of a State to rescind its ratification of a
constitutional amendment at any time before
the requisite three-fourths shall have ratified it.
And now, sir, why should the Senator from
Illinois undertake to plant himself in opposition
to this safeguard along with those gentlemen ?
I cannot see why it is. But the Senator says
that it would be a void act to rescind a ratifi-
cation. How does the Senator know it? It is
merely his opinion. Does he not know that
the Democratic party hold the exact contrary ?
Does he not know that they are now watching
for the time when they can get a case made up
to take before the Supreme Court, to determine
whether the thirteenth and fourteenth amend-
ments are parts of the Constitution or not ? If
he does not know it, then I will advise the Sen-
ator from Illinois to look around him and see
and hear and know what is going on in the
country. Who can pronounce that rescinding
of ratification a void act? It may be the
opinion of the Senator from Illinois that it i3
void; it may be my opinion that it is not void ;
and when I wish, to put a provision into this
joint resolution that shall completely shut
down upon any attempt in that State—as I will
endeavor to fix it upon every other act that
can be brought forward here to admit a recon-
structed State—that shall shut down upon any
attempts of that kind on their part to trifle with
Congress and with the nation, I am surprised
at the opposition shown to the proposition.
The Senator from Illinois inquires shall we
punish the people of Virginia for a void act
of their Legislature. Sir, is it a punishment
to put them back where they have been of
their own choice these eight years? They
went out of the Halls of Congress eight years
ago, and now, forsooth, it is a punishment in-
flicted upon them if we exclude their Senators
and Representativesbecausetheyhad rescinded
their ratification of the Constitution!
The Senator from Illinois says we might just
as well put a provision like this in the law with
regard to every other State. Sir, the Senator
from Illinois knows that that is not a sound
position. Ho knows that as to those States
that have been loyal to their country and Gov-
ernment we have no control over their action
in matters of that kind. But here is one that
was disloyal, that went into war, and now she
is seeking to come back ; and we are passing
laws to admit her, and we can admit her on
what terms we please. We have no right to
prescribe terms to Ohio and to New York with
regard to this constitutional amendment, but
we have a right to prescribe terms to the State
of Virginia as preliminary to her admission
into the Congress of the United States.
And, sir, it does not matter to me whether
the rescission of their ratification would be valid
or invalid. The thing that I wish to get at is
that no attempt shall be made by the Legisla-
ture of Virginia to do such an act; that we shall
not have to do matters over again with her as
we did with Georgia. I wish if Virginia comes
in that she shall come in as a finality, and upon
this subject we can make it a finality if we affix
this proviso to this bill. I see no reason that
has been advanced by the Senator from Illinois
why this provision should not be put there.
What harm can it do? Whom doe3 it hurt?
What public interest does it imperil or impair ?
How does it hurt Virginia ? If it does no harm
it does good, for it prevents Virginia from at-
tempting to do that which I am sure she will do
in less^ than ten days after the unconditional
admission of her Senators and Representatives
to seats on the floor of the two Houses.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Nevada allow me to say a word in reply to the
Senator from Missouri ?
