5440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committer on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed. : ' •
l. l. m'do well.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. B. No.
2392) for the relief of L, L. McDowell, of
Tennessee, from all political disabilities; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
TAX SAXES IN INSC1UUSCTIONARY STATES.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2393) for the relief of purchasers of lands
sold for direct taxes in insurrectionary States ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT, ILLINOIS.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a joint res-
olution (H. K. No. 365) granting condemned
cannon to the soldiers' monument, Stephen-
son county, Illinois ;■ which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
WILLIAM 0. MASSliNBERV.
Mr. BURCHARD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2394) for the relief of William 0. Mas-
senbery ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
MISSOURI REBEL DEBT.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri, introduced
a bill (H. Ii. No. 2395) to refund interest paid
by the State of Missouri upon moneys ex-
pended on account of the war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
JAMES J. HILES.
Mr. BENJAMIN introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 2890) for the relief of James J. lliles, late
a private in third Missouri cavalry ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
KKMOVAb OH' DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2397) to remove disabilities from persons
therein named from the State of Arkansas
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
WILLIAM F. GEOVE.
Mr. BOLES introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2398) for the relief of William P. Grove, late
second lieutenant second Maryland cavalry;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
land-grant railroad in florida.
Mr. HAMILTON introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 2399) granting lands in aid of the con-
struction of the Suwannee and Inland railroad,
in the State of Florida; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
richard b. hammond.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of Richard
B. Hammond ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
SURVEY OF NAXSEMOND RIVIUl.
Mr. SAR(tENT_ (on behalf of Mr. Platt)
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2-100) ordering a
survey of the Nansemond river and Norfolk
harbor, in the State of Virginia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
railroad land grant in nevada, etc.
Mr. FITCII introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2401) granting land to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad, 111 the State of Nevada, to
the city of Hamilton, in the State of Nevada ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed,
HOMESTEADS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
(B. R. No. 2402) to enable the soldiers of the
United States and others to perfect their title
to land under the homestead act in certain
cases; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
HENRY BARTLING.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced a
bill (II. li. No. 2403) for the relief of Ilenry
Bartling; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order is the call for resolu-
tions, &e., to be presented for consideration
at the present time. The call on Monday two
weeks ago rested with the State of New York.
CAPE COD SIIIP-CAXAL.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 306) relative to a harbor of refuge
and breakwater at the entrance of the Cape
Cod ship-canal; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a thiid
time.
Mr. KELSEY. I call the previous question.
The preamble, which was read, stales that
the Legislature of Massachusetts has by law-
incorporated the Cape Cod Ship-Canal Com-
pany, for the purpose of constructing and oper-
ating the ship-canal from Barnstable bay to
Buzzard's bay, to be about eight miles long
and twenty-three feet depth of water, at an
expense of over seven million dollars; that a
breakwater at the eastern entrance of said
canal will be a necessity as a harbor of refuge,
the construction of which at the public expense,
for the protection of the immense commerce
as ships and vessels of war using the same,
would accord with the long-established policy
of the Government; and that the State of
Massachusetts and many persons interested in
the commerce of the north Atlantic coast have
urged upon Congress the propriety and neces-
sity of the United States assuming the expense
of constructing such breakwater and habor of
refuge. The joint resolution provides that as
a recognition of the importance and magnitude
of the proposed ship-canal, and to give assur-
ance to capitalists who propose to complete this
great work, the United States hereby pledges
the faith of the Government to const raet a
suitable breakwater and harbor of refuge at
the eastern entrance of said ship-can-i,' ready
for use on its completion ; that the entire ex-
pense to the Government for such breakwater
and harbor of refuge shall not exceed the sum
of $2,000,000; that a sufficient sum for sur-
veys, engineering expenses, and construction
of said breakwater and harbor of refuge shall
bo appropriated by Congress 1'iom the Treas-
ury from time to time as the work ot faid ship-
canal shall progress toward completion, so as
to insure the finishing of said canal, and upon
such conditions and securities as the Govern-
ment shall require of the said ship-canal com-
pany to reimburse the Government lor such
advances for the harbor ot refuge and bieak -
water in ease the canal company shall in any
manner fail to complete the ship-canal as above
specified ; and that said ship-canal shall be for-
ever free and without toll or charges of any
kind whatever to (he ships of war and vessels
and property of the United Stales,,
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does this come from
any committee of this Rouso?
Mr. KELSEY. I have just introduced ir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is it not the same that
the Committee on Commerce attempted to
report the other day?
The SPEAKER, The question is on sec-
onding the call for the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the joint
resolution on the table, and on thjat motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. O'NEILL. This is a proposition to
pledge the Government to an expenditure of
$2,000,000 upon a work not yet commenced
by {^private corporation.
Mr. BENNETT. There is not a dollar of
appropriation in it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the motion
to lay on the tabic.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question; and being taken, upon a
division there were—ayes 32, noes 07 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kei.sky and
Mr. Bexjamix were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-three,
noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to debate the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. It will then go over.
TELEGRAPHIC CABLB TO CUBA, K'i'C.
Mr. SANFORD. I desire tointroduce undei
this call a joint resolution to alter an act to
encourage telegraphic communication between
the United States and the island of Cuba and
other West India islands and the Bahamas.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that so much of the act approved Slay
5. 1800, entitled "An act to encourage tele-
graphic communication between, the United
Slates and the island of Cuba and other West
India, islands and the Bahamas," as provides
that the International Ocean Telegraph Com-
pany, incorporated under the laws of the State
of New York, their successors and assigns,shall
have the sole privilege for a period of four-
teen years from the approval of that act to
lay, construct, land, maintain, and operate
telegraphic or magnetic lines or cables in and
over the waters, reefs, islands, shores, and
lauds over which the United States have juris-
diction, from the sho; es of the State of Florida,
iu the said United States, to the island of Cuba
and the Bahamas, either or both, and other
West India islands, be, and the same hereby
is, repealed, and that nothing in said act con-
tained shall deprive Congress of the right to
grant to any other company or companies,
person or persons, the privilege, for any period
of time, of laving, constructing, lauding, main-
taining, and operating telegraphic or magnetic
lines or cables in and over the waters, ivefs,
islands, shores, and lands over which the Uni-
ted States have jurisdiction, fiom thu shores
of the State.of Florida. iu the United States,
to the island of Cubaaud Hi" Babamtm,
or both, and oilier West Ind-a. islands,: pro-
vided that the sai-l international Ocean Tele-
graph Company, their successors and assigns,
may have, exercise, and enjoy the privilege,
for the unexpired term of tbe peiiod of four-
teen yeais mi-ntioned in the said act approved
May o, lfclC'j, of laying, landing, maintaining,
an-! operating any of its submarine cables now
m operation, or that it may hereafter lay, be-
tween the shores of the State of Florida, in
the United Slates, and the island of Cubaaud
other West, India islands.
Mr. WILLAIID. I raise tbepoint of order
that this same joint resolution has, under
another call, been already introduced this
morning and referred to a committee; and.
therefore it is not now in order to agatn i'ltto-"
duce it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. \\ u.i.Aud] makes the point of order
that the resolution offered now for adoption
was oiuu-d on the f.r.-rt rail tiiis tnorriug. and
referred to the Committee on Commerce ; that
the resolution being thus before a committee
