1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
remarks with regard to what the Senator from
Massachusetts has said.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from
Oregon if he will not allow the question to be
taken on the postponement?
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to make a few re-
marks on the point now before the Senate. I
agree with theSenator from Massachusetts, that
if five per cent, bonds are to be issued the
ten-forty bonds now known in Europe and so
popular are the most desirable bonds to place
in the market, and that they will command a
better price than a new clas3 of bonds.
It seems to me that the suggestion made in
regard to the banks docs not exactly apply
here. I understand that the banks have one
year in which to take these new bonds. Sup-
pose these bonds shall all be taken in Europe,
and the year expires, where are the banks to
get their one third of five per cent, bonds ? I
do not see that there would be any bonds for
them, and consequently the law would be inap-
plicable. The banks could not get the bonds,
as they might all be absorbed before that time
arrived.
I agree with the Senator from Massachusetts,
that we should first take up the first bonds
issued, the bonds of 1862, which sold for the
highest prices, the nearest gold. Almost all
those bonds are now held in Europe; and I
think we ought to offer to take them up first.
The five years, at the end of which we have a
right to redeem them, have expired ; and now
the Senator from Massachusetts proposes to
take up that loan, the five years havingexpired,
and two or three years more having run on.
Jt seeins to me a reasonable and business view
of the case. I agree with him, and I shall vote
for his amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, to postpone the further consideration
of this bill until the 3d of April.
The motion was not agreed to. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to insert in the eighteenth line
of the first section the words "of 1862."
The amendment was rejected; there being
on a division—ayes 12, noes 25.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move in line ten to
insert "forty" instead of "twenty," so that
the bond provided fur shall be a ten-forty
instead of a ten-twenty bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not authorized to
speak for the committee; but so far as my own
opinion is concerned, I would have no objec-
tion to compromising with the Senator from
Massachusetts by making all these bonds pay-
able absolutely in forty years. If there is a gen-
eral desire to postpone the time within which
these bonds shall be absolutely payable to forty
years I do not see any very material difference
between that and the proposition of the com-
mittee. According to the proposition of the
committee the first $400,000,000 is absolutely
payable at the end of twenty years, the second
class at the end of thirty years, and the third
class at the end of forty years; the U nited States
having the right to redeem after ten, fifteen, and
twenty years respectively. I do not regard the
other clause as very material. There is a great
deal of feeling in favor of a ten-forty loan. If
to give it that name would give it any additional
credit or security I do not see any practical
objection to the proposition. If the Senator
is satisfied on that point, aud there is no objec-
tion to it on the part of other members of the
committee, I for one should be willing to
accept it.
Mr. SCJMNER. I think that would be an
improvement of the bill; I think it would for-
tify it. As I have said before, the ten-forties
already have a good name abroad; they are
well known. Ihey are popular. They have
a credit which is very much like the good will
of a well-established mercantile house. Why
should we abandon it? Why should we give it
up ? Why should we not take advantage of it?
The committee propose to put on the market
an unknown loan, of unknown terms, being
ten-twenty. That will require explanation;
time will be taken. It will not make itself so
evident and so felt wherever it is made as if
it were ten-forty.
Then, again, I feel that the very idea of being
obliged to pay these bonds in twenty years from
date ought not to find a place in this bill. I
am desirous to keep the hands of the Republic
untied. I do not wish to tie them up to pay
this vast debt so speedily as is contemplated
by the committee in the amendment which
they present. Their first bond is ten-twenty.
I propose to extend it and make it ten-forty.
Their next bond I think should go through a
similar amendment. I do not change the first
terms adopted by the committee ; I would keep
those bonds all open to early payment; but I
would reserve to the country as large an option
: or discretion as possible. I believe we shall be
gainers by that. I believe that the bond will be
helped in the market and I am sure that we
shall be helped. *
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am not a«
money-lender, and therefore I do not know
how money-lenders reason; but I have asso-
cited with money-lenders so much that I begin
to feel a good deal as if I do know how I should
reason if I were called upon to loan money.
[Laughter.] You all assume that you are
going to address this loan to a market which
does not want the principal repaid, but wants
the interest to a market in the consideration
of which time is an element of value; to a
market in which a long bond is more desirable
than a short bond. I do not know whether
that assumption is well grounded or not; but
I suspect it is. Then if I was going to such a
market, I would go making believe that I knew
when I could pay the money. You address
this bond to that market reserving to yourself
the right to pay in ten year3, but withholding
all obligation to pay short of forty; and in the
market it will be valued as a ten-year bond,
but little better than that. It would not be
valued by me, if I was the market, as a prime
number one ten-year bond; because I am bound
to say that if any man were to come to me to
borrow money, and were to say on the face of
his application, "I am so uncertain about my
condition and about my circumstances, that
while I want the right to pay you in ten years,
I will not undertake to pay you in less than
forty," I should tell that gentleman as politely
as 1 knew bow that he was not the customer
for my money, and I should look for another
borrower.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, to strike out "twenty" and insert
"forty."
Mr. SHERMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to accept my proposition to make all these
bonds payable in forty years, so that the bonds
shall be ten-forty, fifteen-forty, and twenty-
forty, respectively?
Mr. SUMNER. I think that a four and a
half per cent, bond should have a longer term
than a five per cent. bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to see
whether the Senator adheres to his proposi-
tion, because, if so, I withdraw my oner.
Mr. SUMNER. I have proposed to submit
to the Senate, with a view of perfecting the bill,
the extension of the four and a half per cent,
loan to fifty years and of the four per cent, loan
to sixty years.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I have no doubt this
whole debt will all be paid off in forty years,
and as in all the old loan laws the debt was
payable at the pleasure of the United States
after a fixed number of years without limiting
the number within which it wonld be payable,
I regard this as mere moonshine as to the
number of years provided. I do not want to
waste a moment of the valuable time of the
Senate in discussing that point. If it will
gratify the Senator to have this called a ten-
forty instead of a ten-twenty bond, I shall be
very happy to indulge him, and hope he will
be satisfied with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the word " twenty" will be stricken
out, and "forty" inserted. The Chair hears
no objection, and the amendment is agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I will submit to the
Senate 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the others be made
to conform, so as to be fifteen-forty and twenty -
forty bonds.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to come to that
in a moment. I should like the judgment of
the Senate upon it. In the eighth line of the
first section I move to insert " five " instead of
'' four." My reason for that is that $500,000,000
is the amount of the debt of 1862, and it
seems to me that any other sum than that is a
merely accidental sum. You might as well say
$300,000,000 or $350,000,000 as $400,000,000.
I will say, therefore, $500,000,000, that being
sufficient to cover the whole of the debt of
1862, because notwithstanding the vote of the
Senate, I cannot abandon my hope that before
this bill is matured the Senate will see their
way to extinguish the first mortgage before they
proceed to the second. I hope they willtreat
this in a business way, as a banker or a mer-
chant would treat a similar transaction. I
move, therefore, in the eighth line to strike
out "four" and insert "five," so as to read
$500,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a material amend-
ment, because it increases the amount of the
heaviest loan $100,000,000. The Secretary of
the Treasury, in his annual report, asks us to
authorize him to issue $400,000,000 of five per
cent, bonds and no more, and he states to the
committee, and states in an official document,
that he desires no more than this amount of five
percentsto-accomplishaloan of $1,200,000,000.
Now, shall we force upon him, when he is the
person who has to execute the law, a larger
amount of the higher rate of interest obliga-
tions than he has called for? It seems to me
we ought not. Even if we were convinced that
he could not sell them we had better limit the
amount to $400,000,000 in order to enable him
to dispose of at least the $400,000,000 and give
the money market the advantage of having a
loan to that amount. I trust, as this is a mate-
rial proposition, the Senate will not indulge the
Senator from Massachusetts in adopting it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I think there is one
advantage in meeting the suggestion of the
Senator from Massachusetts on this particular
point. We should pay the bonds first which
we first have a right to pay, on the ground that
they are the first mortgage. That gives an
extension on bonds which were issued later,
and tlfot extension is a privilege which we
ought to retain. Then, in regard to the amount,
the Senator proposes to issue $500,000,000 in-
stead of$400,000,000. Iwouldinquirewhether
quite a large number of the bonds issued in 1862
nave not already been paid, which therefore
makes it unnecessary to issue the full amount ?
Mr. SUMNER. I think I can reply to that.
Some of the bonds of 1862 have been taken
up by the Secretary, but the amount actu-
ally due at this moment is about five hundred
ana two millions. I call it $600,000,000, and
therefore, could I have my way in arranging
this matter, I would make this first loan for
$500,000,000, and require-it to be applied ab-
solutely to the first mortgage; and I give notice
that at a later stage of this discussion I shall
feel it my duty to renew the proposition I before
made as to the loan of 1862. It seems to me
that we ought not at this time to lose sach an
advantage. We are going into the market with
great odds against us, and we are going with
the strong desire of establishing the credit of
the country, and I confess that I am unwilling
to go except with every reasonable advantage
that I can secure. I hope the change will be
made from $400,000,000 to $500,000,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
