18T0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
Laivs of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
certificate stating the amount of capital stock
so fixed and paid in, which certificate shall be
signed by the president and a majority of the
directors, and sworn to by the president and
secretary ; and they shall, within the said thirty
days, file and record the same in the office of
the register of deeds for theDistrictof Columbia.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That
every such company, before constructing a
part of their road, shall make a map and pro-
file of the route intended to be adopted by
such company, which shall be certified by a
majority of the directors, and filed in the office
of the register of deeds aforesaid, for the
inspection and examination of all parties
interested.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That
every such corporation shall possess the gen-
eral powers and be subject to the liabilities and
restrictions in the special powers following,
that is to say: First, to cause such examina-
tion and survey for the proposed railroad to be
made as may be necessary to the selection of
the most advantageous route for the railroad ;
and for such purpose, by their officers, agents,
and servants, to enter upon the lauds or waters
of any person, but subject to responsibility lor
all damages which they shall do thereto. Sec-
ond, to receive, hold, and take such volun-
tary grants and donations of real estate, and
other personal property, as shall be made to
it, to aid in the construction, maintenance, and
accommodation of such railroad ; but the real
estate thus received by voluntary grants shall
he held and used for the purposes of such
grants only. Third, to purchase, and by vol-
untary grants and donations receive and take,
and In its officers, engineers, andsurveyors and
.'■Xt'uts, enter upon and take possession of, and
i'oid and use all such lands and real estate and
cilit'r properly, as inay be necessary for the
< (instruction and maintenance of its railroad
li'ui stations, depots, and other accommoda-
i.i-ns necessary to accomplish the objects for
v hi eh the corporation was created ; but not
umil the compensation to be made therefor,
as agreed upon by the parties, or ascertained
;>s hereinafter prescribed, shall have been paid
to tlio owner or owners thereof, or deposited
as hereinafter directed, unless the cousent of
such owner be given to enter into possession.
Fourth, to lay out its road, not exceeding six
rods wide, and to construct the same; and for
the purposes of cuttings, embankments, and
procuring stone and gravel, may take as much
more land within the limits of its charter, in the
manner hereafter provided, as may be neces-
sary for the proper construction anu security of
the road. Fifth, to construct their road upon
any street, or across any stream of water, water-
course, road, highway, railroad, or canal so as
not to interfere with the free use of the same,
which the route of its road shall intersect, in
such manner as to afford security for life and
property, but the corporation shall restore the
Mi'fam or water-course, road, or highway, thus
intersected, to its former stale, or in a suffi-
cient manner not to have unnecessarily^ im-
paired its usefulness or iujured its franchises.
Sixth, to cross, intersect, join, and unite with
eny other railroad before constructed on any
point on its route, and upon the grounds ot
suc'ti other railroad company, with the neces-
sary turn-outs, sidings, switches, and other con-
veniences, in furtherance ol the objects of its
connections; and every company whose rail-
u."J is or shall be hereafter intersected by any
now railroad shall unite with the owners ot such
i ■ w railroad in forming such intersections and
connections, and grant the facilities aforesaid;
ami if the two corporations cannot agree upon
il.e amount of compensation to be made there-
for, or the points or manner of such crossings
and connections, the same shall be ascertained
or determined by,, commissioners, to be ap-
pointed rfS is provided hereinafter in respect to
taking of lands; but this section is not to affect
the rights or franchises heretofore granted.
Seventh, to purchase lands necessary for the
use of said road, or take them; may change
the line of its road whenever a majority of the
directors shall so determiue. as is hereafter
provided; but no such change shall vary the
general route of the road. Eighth, to take,
transport, carry, and convey persons and prop-
erty on their railroad by the force or power of
steam, of animals, or any mechanical power,
or by any combination of them, and to receive
compensation therefor. Ninth, to erect and
maintain all necessary and convenient buildings,
stations, depots, and fixtures, and machinery
for the accommodation and use of their pas-
sengers, freight, and business, and obtain and
hold the lauds therefor. Tenth, to regulate
the time and manner in which passengers and
property shall be transported, and the tolls and
compensation to be paid therefor.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That in
case any company formed under this act is
unable to agree for the purchase of any real
estate required for the construction of the track,
turn-outs, and water-stations, it shall have the
right to acquire the title to the same in the
manner and by the special proceedings pre-
scribed in this act.
Sec. 21. Andbe it further enacted, That such
company is hereby authorized to enter upon
any land for the purpose of examining and sur-
veying its railroad line, and may appropriate so
much thereof as may be deemed necessary for
its railroad, including necessary side-tracks and
water-stations, materials for constructing,
except timber, a right of way over adjacent
lands sufficient to enable such company to con-
struct and repair its road, and a right to con-
duct water by aqueducts, and the right of
making proper drains. The corporation shall
forthwith deposit with the clerk of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia a description
of therights and interests intended to be appro-
priated, and such lands, rights, and interests
shall belong to such company, to use for the
purpose specified, by making or tendering pay-
ment as hereinafter provided. The corporation
may, by its directors, purchase any such lands,
materials, right of way, orinterest of the owner
of such lands ; or in case the same is owned by
a person insane, or an infant, at a price to be
agreed upon by the regularly constituted guard-
ian or parent of said insane person or infant,
if the same shall be appraised by the court
aforesaid; and on such agreement and approval,
the owner, guardian, or parent, as the case
may be, shall convey the said premises, so
purchased, in fee-simple or otherwise, as the
parties may agree, to such railroad company ;
and the deed, when made, shall be deemed
valid in law. If the corporation shall not agree
with the owner of the land, or with his guardian,
if the owner is incapable ofcontracting touching
the damages sustained by such appropriation,
such corporation shall deliver to such owner or
guardian a copy of such instrument of appro-
ation. If theownerorhisguardian,incase such
owner is incapable of contracting be unknown,
such corporation shall publish in some news-
paper in the District, to be designated by said
court, for the term of six weeks, an advertise-
ment reciting the substance ot such instru-
ment of appropriation. Upon fixing such act
of appropriation and d< livery of such copy,
or making such publication, the supreme court
for the District of Columbia, upon the appli-
cation of either paity, shall appoint by war-
rant three disinteiested freeholders of the neigh-
borhood on which the land lies, to appraise
the damages which the owner ot the land may
sustain by such appropriation; such apprais-
ers shall be duly sworn; they shall consider
the injury which such owner may sustain by
reason of such railroad, and shall lorthv, itli
return their assessment ol da,mages to the clerk
of the said court, setting forth the value of the
property taken, or injury done to the property,
which they assess to the owner, or owners,
separately, to be by hifn filed and recorded;
and thereupon such corporation shall pay-to
said clerk the amount thus assessed, or tender
the same to the party in whose favor the dam-
ages are awarded, or assessed, and on making
payment or tender thereof, in the manner
herein required, it shall be lawful for such cor-
poration to hold the interests in such lands or
materials on said roadway within fifty feet on
each side of the center of such roadway, for
the uses aforesaid. The cost of such award
shall be paid by such company ; and on notice
by any party interested and showing said pro-
ceedings, the court may order the payment
thereof, and enforce such payment by execu-
tion. The award of said arbitrators may be
reviewed by the said court, in which such pro-
ceedings may bo had, on written exceptions
filed by either party, in the clerk's office, with-
in ten days after the filing of such award, and
the court shall take such order therein as right
and justice may require, by ordering a new
appraisement, on good cause shown: Provided,
That notwithstanding such appeal, such com-
pany may take possession of the property there-
in described as aforesaid, and the subsequent
proceedings on the appeal shall only affect the
amount of compensationto be allowed, if prior
to the assessment the corporation shall tender
to such owner or guardian, andin caseof refusal
to receive the same shall pay into court, if he
be unable to contract, an amount equal to the
award afterward made, exclusive of costs.
The costs of arbitration shall be paid equally
by such company and such owner or guardian.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted. That if
there are any adverse or conflicting claimants
to the money, or any part of it, to be paid as
compensation for the real estate taken, the
court may direct the money to be paid into the
said court by the company until it can determ-
ine who is entitled to the same, and shall
direct to whom the same shall be paid, and
may, in its discretion, order a reference to as-
certain the facts in which such determination
and order are to be made.
Sko. 23. Andbe it farther enacted, That the
court shall appoint some competent attorney
to appear for and protect the rights of any
party in interest who is unknown, or whose
residence is unknown, and who has not ap-
peared in the proceedings by an attorney or
agent; the court shall also have power, at any
time, to amend any defect or informality in
any of the special proceedings authorized by
this act as may be necessary, or to cause new
parlies to be added, and to directsuch further
notice to be given to any party in interest as
it deems proper, and also to appointother com-
missioners in the place of any who shall die,
or refuse, or neglect, or are unable to serve,
or who may leave or be absent from the Dis-
trict aforesaid.
Sec. '21, And be it further enacted, That at
any time after an attempt to acquire title by
appraisal of damages, or otherwise, if it
shall be found that the title thereby attempted
to be acquired is defective, the company may
proceed auew to acquire or perfect the same
m the same manner as if no appraisal bad been
made ; and at any stage of such new proceed-
ings the court may authorize the corporation,
if in possession, to continue in possession, to
take possession of, and use such real estate
during the pendency and until the final conclu-
sion of such new proceedings, and may stay all
actions jind proceedings against the company,
or any officer or agent or workman ol such
company, on account thereof, on such com-
pany paying into court a sufficient sum, as the
court may direct, to pay the compensation
lUereftfr, when finally ascertained ; atidm every
such case the parly interested irt retll estate
