2610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
say, as this Georgia Legislature ask us to help
them to say, "Though we were clected two
years ago and our terms have expired we pro-
pose to hold over two years more without look-
ing to the constitution or going to the polls to
adjudicate the question;-' if that position was
taken in the State of Nebraska 1 would, if it
could not be done otherwise, recommend force
for the purpose of overthrowing the party that
undertook to trample thus on the right of the
people under the constitution to change their
own representatives. What I would do there 1
will do here. I will guaranty to the people of
this State the right to vote every time their con-
stitution allows them the right to vote, and to
vote just as often and for all officers that may
be voted for by that constitution; and then if
the time comes when they cannot have a fair
election I am ready to act as Congress has
acted in guarantying their protection by, if
necessary, the military power of the nation.
More than that I will not do; less than that I
propose never to do, but always to act in
accordance with the Constitution and with my
own uninstructed convictions of right.
Mr. DRAKE submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am in hopes
it will be a little relief to the Senate if I seize
upon this occasion to make some remarks on
questions outside of that immediately claiming
its attention. My principal object in rising
now is not to discuss the Georgia question, so
called. I desire to say something in defense
of the past of the Republican party.
This debate has so far gone upon a seeming
assumption that the Republican party has been
so extremely wicked in the past that it should
tread with exceeding caution for the future,
and especially should it be cautious in dealing
with the very delicate question now before the
Senate. And since I am one of those hardened
sinners not yet overtaken by that deep sense
of contrition and broken-heartedness which
seems to have swept over some of our political
friends employed on the Republican press, and
which seems generally to pervade the bosoms
of our friends in the Opposition, I seize upon
this occasion to say something in defense of
the Republican party. I hope before I sit down
to convince the Senate that the Republican
party is not that great State criminal which
our opponents are so fond of representing it;
and it I do not take from the brow of Democ-
racy that imposing inscription of " Holiness
to the Lord," which they vaunt so in the Senate
day after day, I think it will be less because that
inscription belongs there than because it is
nailed on.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Tiu'rman] the other day, whom I do not now
see in his seat, was pleased to arraign the Re-
publican party upon its whole record, and grow-
ing bold and boldei, iu contemplation of our
many sins of omission aud commission, he
finally pronounced it to be an utter failure and
summoned us to surrender to the Democratic
party. X differ very widely from that honor-
able Senator in his estimate of the past career
of the Republican party. I am one of those
who still cherish the conviction that Repub-
lican administrationhasnotbeenafailure; nay,
more, sir, I am even rash enough to stand here
and assert that in my judgment Republicanism
has been a success. I think more than that, it
has been a triumph. I venture to go further
than that, and to say to any student of political
history that he cannot find the story of a polit-
ical party which in a single decade has accom-
plished so much for human rights and for human
progress as the Republican party lias during
that less than a decade in which it has held the
reins of government. Let such students com-
mence their studies when they please and pros-
ecute them as diligently as they please, and we
are ready for the comparison.
Less than ten years ago the Republican party
came into theadministration of national affairs.
Wefound then the Union to comprise thirty-
four States and seven Territories, besides the
District of Columbia. We bring you to-day
thirty-six States and eight Territories, besides
the District of Columbia, and besides, that great
State of Georgia, which is now kuockingat the
door of the two Houses for admission, and which
will make thirty-seven States. , Besides that,
we all know that iu those days we were very
ambitious of the acquisition of territory beyond
the jurisdiction of the United States and had
difficulty in obtaining it. I think I remember
the lime when the United States was willing to
pay down $100,000,000 for the possession of
Cuba alone. Rut since Republicanism has
taken possession of this Government Repub-
licanism is very much the style outside of the
Union, and we find a perceptibly less reluct-
ance on the part of our neighbors to becoming
a part of ourselves. A great territory on our
northwest coast, of the possession of which I
do not brag at all, but a great territory, has
there been annexed. Another large territory
in the Gulf is struggling for annexation, two of
them, and Cuba herself is nodding for us to
accept her into our embraces.
When the Republican party came into power
we found a population of about thirty millions;
aud in spite of all the waste of a great war we
shall count out to you during the comiug season
more than forty millions.
We found when the Republican party came
into power a large portion of the country in
open rebellion against the authority of the
nation. To-day there is no armed resistance
anywhere to the authority of the nation. There
is not, to be sure, that ready and cheerful
acquiescence in the commands of authority,
that cheerful obedience to law which we should
be glad to see, but there is no open and armed
resistance to law anywhere.
We found of the population of the United
States that more than four millions of human
beings were slaves. There is no slave to-day
within the United States. It is as true of the
Union to-day as it ever was of England, that a
slave cannot breathe its air.
We found something like thirty thousand
miles of railway within the United States, aud
in nine years we have added twelve thousand
miles to that number.
1 could recount for hours other evidences of
the material and social progress of the nation
which we have witnessed since Republicanism
took command of the Government; but when
our Democratic friends have matched these
achievements, and not till then, I shall venture
to go on with the recital.
And now, Mr. President, what crimes have
wecommilted that the memory of these achieve-
ments should be effaced from the hearts of our
countrymen? What offenses are we charged
with, that we should be excluded not only from
the gratitude but from the toleration of the
American people ? They axe all comprised in
one; we are arraigned upon a loose, ill-defined,
general charge of infidelity to the Constitution
of the United States, a disregard of law, a dis-
regard especially of our obligations to the or-
ganic law. "What are the specifications ? It Is
difficult to find them, though if you will wade
through the political literature of the last ten
years, if you will mine in those volumes which
we call the Congressional Globe, you will find
that they amount to something like this: that
we especially disregarded the Constitution of
the United States in the legislation which we
adopted in December last to promote the re-
construction of Georgia ; that more glaringly
and grossly we have violated the Constitution in
the several acts we have passed admitting new
States into the Government of the Union, and
attempting to impose what you call familiarly
fundamental conditions upon their admission;
that, above all, we have violated the Constitu-
tion in the reconstruction acts, so called, which
were adopted in 1867, and at different times
since.
Mr. President, for what purpose did we resort
to the act of December last to promote the re-
construction of Georgia? Briefly this: a Legis-
lature had assembled there by our permission
and under the authority of their constitution,
and having met, and having organized, an<l
having transacted certain legislative business,
a party in that Legislature, numbering a ma-
jority of its members, suddenly stopped llio
work of legislation and proceeded to eject cer-
tain members from their seats; the number so
ejected I think was about twenty-five. T'ho
crime for which they wero ejected was that
they were not white. If we had authority to
interfere to correct that wrong, that outrage,
ought we not to have done so? And if we had
not authority, will any man who loves human
justice bo very severe upon us if we did correct
it? Sir, those of us who call ourselves Repub-
licans are quite a majority in this Senate. If
we wore to turn around and by the numerical
power we possess were to eject every Demo-
crat from his seat, would they be particularly
conscientious as to what power was evoked to
correct that outrage? And is it a more heinous
offense against law to fling a man from his seat
in the Senate because he is a Democrat than
to fling a man from his seat in the Georgia
Legislature because he is not white? By the
laws of Georgia a man who is not white could
hold a seat in the Legislature, and by the laws
of the Union a man can hold a seat in the Sen-
ate .notwithstanding he is a Democrat. We
must all admit, or a large majority of us admit,
that a man who is privileged with a seat in the
Senate ought not to be a Democrat, but being
so is no reason for excluding him from that seat.
That was our reason for passing the act of
December last; and what was the act? Whom
did it injure? I shall not reproduce and read
the statute before you, but the brief of it was
it said to Georgia, "undo the wrong you have
done, and do not you repeat it." These two
simple commands are the gist of the act of De-
cember last. Suppose we did strain the con-
stitutional authority vested in the Congress of
the United States in the utterance of those two
commands, are we very guilty for doing it?
Suppose we have not the authority of the Con-
stitution for imposing fundamental conditions
upon the admission of a State; look at the
character of the conditions which we propose
to impose and which we have imposed. Here
they are in this bill; the transcript of those
which we have imposed on other States, the
predecessors of this. Let me read them in
the ear of the Senate:
"And provided further. That the State of Georgia id
admitted to representation in Congress as one of the
States of the "Union upon tho following fundamental
conditions: first. That,tho constitution of Georgia
shall never be so amended or changed as to deprive
any citizen or class of citizens of the United States
of the right to vote, who aro entitled to vote by the
constitution heroin recognized, oxcept as a punish-
ment for such crimes as are now felonies at. common
law, whereof thoy shall havo been duly convictcd
under laws equally applicable to all tlio inhabitants
of said State : Provided, That any alteration ot said
constitution, prospective in its effects, may be made
in regardtothetime andplaceofresidcnceofvolcrs."
That is one.
"Second. That it shall never be lawful forthc said
Stale to deprive any citizen of tho United States, on
account of his race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, of tho right to hold office under the con-
stitution and taws of said State, or upon any such
ground to require of him any other qualifications for
oiueo than such as are required of all other citizens."
That is two.
"Third. That the constitution of Georgia shall never
bo so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of tho United States of the school
rights and privileges secured by the constitution of
said State."
These three are all. Will the world be
worse, Mr. President, if these conditions are
imposed and enforced ? I know if we have not
the authority under the Constitution to impose
them we are guilty of an infraction of that in-
strument if we do it. But the guilt will be
ours; and the injury will be. whose? What
interest of human society will be the worse if
every one of these things is observed by Geor-
gia fro.m this time-henceforth and forever?
