4498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
will not be able to agree to-day—to-morrow I
have 110 doubt we shall—on this subject of
commercial power. I had abandoned that
effort, and was trying to see if we could not
agree as to the power over the mails. There-
fore I appealed to him to knov  if he did not
concede that Congress had the power to pro-
vide for carrying the mails.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. And can provide for carrying
the mails by contract?
Mr. CARPENTER. Of course.
Mr. HOWE. Now, what becomes of this
duty to carry the mails free ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I beg my colleague's
pardon for interrupting him. The Govern-
ment of the United States in raising armies
must have subsistence; in prosecuting a war
it must have commissary stores, and it must
have them at the place where they are to be
employed. To get them there the Govern-
ment employs a man or lets a contract; you
may do either. In either case the Govern-
ment is discharging its governmental duty
through the agency of a contractor; and the
contractor in that instance is as much the
agent of the Government to transport troops
or military stores to the point where they are
needed as though the President of the Uni-
ted States were to carry them with his own
hand.
Mr. HOWE. That is all so; and when the
Government contractor has transported forage
and flour from one point to another for the use
of the Army we do not charge the soldier any-
thing for the forage or the flour.
Mr. CARPENTER. Why do you not?
Mr. HOWE. We do not choose to do it.
That is not the contract on which we put him
into the field. We could undoubtedly charge
liim with both the forage and the flour.
Mr. CARPENTER. And j)ut up his wages.
Mr. HOWE. And put up his wages or leave
his wages as they are. We fix arbitrarily the
wages, and we fix arbitrarily the terms on which
he goes into the field. Now, we provide for
transporting the mails. I was only calling
attention to the argument which has been urged,
that because this power over the mails is re-
served in the Constitution to Congress, there-
fore it imposes the duty. I do not know whether
I understood the duty to be asserted to the
extent of carrying the mails free or not; but
it seems to me one of two positions must be
assumed: either that the Government may
charge what it pleases for the matter that it
delivers through the mails, or that it must carry
them free.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my colleague will
pardon me on that point I promise not to inter-
rupt him again. Undoubtedly, as a question
of power, the Government may do either.
What I said last evening was trying to ascer-
tain whether there was any distinction regard-
ing this duty of carrying the mails as a gov-
ernmental duty imposed on the Government
by the Constitution—what principle distin-
guished that from the governmental duties
which attach to the War Department. The
Constitution has clothed the General Govern-
ment with certain powers, in one case as to
the Post Office, in the other as to the Army;
and I was trying to show that there was no
distinction in principle between the two ; that
if the operations of the Army were paid for
out of the general Treasury, it was because
the Constitution had cast upon the Govern-
ment the duty of' controlling the Army and
suppressing insurrection. If, therefore, the
Constitution has clothed the Government with
the duty of carrying the mails, then that, as
governmental duty, should be paid for out of
the national Treasury, just like any other gov-
ernmental duty. What I added or implied be-
yond that was that if that was not imposed as
a duty upon tbe Government, then the Gov-
ernment had no right to the monopoly of car-
rying the mails. It was upon the theory, it was
upon tbe latittHjinarisn construction of that pro-
vision authorizing Congress to establish post
offices and post roads, extending it so as to in-
clude the monopoly of carrying the mails, and
thereby making the carrying of the mails as
much a governmental duty as any other duty
which is imposed upon it by the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. Now, we have got almost alto-
gether on the post office question. On the
question of power we are agreed; the right of
Congress to charge for the transportation of
matter delivered through the mails is conceded,
and the expediency of it is put in question ;
and it is likened in that respect to the service
rendered by the Army. I think I can see the
difference between the service rendered by the
Army and the service rendered through the
Post Office Department. If the Army brought
me letters or brought to me any single service
individually which I have the power to accept
or refuse, then it would be just as expedient,
perhaps, certainly just as legitimate, to say that
I should not accept this service without pay-
ing a certain sum, as for the law to say when
the mail brings me a letter that I shall not
receive it without paying a certain sum for it.
The Army does not bring to my colleague or
myself, to one man or another, a particular
service. The Navy does not. Yes; some-
times the Navy does, and then you charge the
recipient of that special benefit fr5m it. Some-
times the Navy recaptures a vessel which be-
longs "to your citizen, but which has been cap-
tured by a foreign enemy. What do you do?
That capture is for the especial benefit of the
American citizen who formerly owned the ves-
sel. .What do you do with that piece of prop;
erty ? You deliver it up to the man who owned
it. He is especially benefited by that oue act
of the Navy, and you make him pay for that
act, and you say first how much he shall pay.
I think under your present law he pays one
fourth of the value of the vessel for the recap-
ture of it. If the Army or the Navy was em-
ployed in serving individuals as the Post Office
Department is, then you could charge indi-
viduals just as legitimately for that service.
That is all I see of that argument. But what
is to come after this ?
Something must go free, gentlemen say; that
is to say, there is a certain amount of service
rendered by the mails for which those who re-
ceive and transmit cannot afford to pay and
ought not to be required to pay. The matter
which comes to the public Departments, or
which is sent from the public Departments, or
is transmitted from one to the other, the heads
of these Departments and heads of bureaus
cannot pay the charges upon, it is said. That
is right; they cannot; they ought not to be re-
quired to do it. There are several ways in
which that can be provided for. You may give
them a special right to frank; you may give
them the right to use stamps; you may provide
that whatever a private citizen sends to them
shall pay postage, and that when they send to
a private citizen they may sen$ to be paid by
the recipient when the package comes to hand.
There are several ways in which this may be
provided for. But it is said it is not provided for
in this bill, and therefore this bill ought not to
pass ; that you certainly make an improvident
provision.
Mr. President, I am somewhat surprised to
see the consternation which is manifested by
some of our friends here for fear we should be
driven into improvident legislation if we pass
this bill in its present shape ; it is sprang upon
them so suddenly. All these weeks and months,
during which this bilihas laid upon your table,
they have not been at all alarmed about it.
There was time enough for this; everything
else could be attended to but the franking bill;
that eould'be attended to at any time ; and so
by these arguments they have staved it off until
this time, and now it will not do to attempt to
pass it at all. Why? Beciuse there is not
time enough left between this and the 1st of
July to supply the necessary legislation. That
is our fault, if so ; but it is not so. There is
time enough to pass a little bill making an
appropriation for the heads of Departments
to pay the postage on their letters; and if you
do not pass any such Bill, if you do not appro-
priate a dollar, they always have a contingent
fund which is adequate for that purpose, out
of which they can pay all these charges.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr, Nye] last
night rallied the Senate by an appeal to its
sense of dignity. His imagination recurred to
that humiliating time when we might be called
upon to go with our caps in our hands to the
Secretary of" the Senate or to the Sergeaut-at-
Arms asking him for postage stamps to enable
us to send off our letters and our periodicals.
I do not know but that he alarmed—and judg-
ing from the demonstrations just afterward, I
think he did alarm—the Senate on that point;
but I do not think there is any need that we
be scared.
I do not think that the repeal of this right
to frank will be followed—the objection of the
Senator from Indiana to the contrary notwith-
standing—by an appropriation to furnish stamps
to the Senators and members of the House of
Representatives. If I thought so I never would*
vote for the repeal of the franking privilege. I
do think of the two measures the stamp is more
liable to abuse than the frank itself; and if the
public insist upon our having the right to send
matter free through the mails, I think they had
better require of us the labor of putting our
uame on the document to be sent rather than
employing a man, or a boj', or a child to put a
stamp on it. I do not think, therefore, we
shall ever be subjected to the indignity of call-
ing on the Secretary of the Senate or anybody
else for postage stamps. I think we shall be
given to understand very distinctly that, when
we have no longer the right to send matter
through the mails by putting ournames on the
envelopes, we shall have no other way of send-
ing matter than by walking up to the post office
and supplying ourselves with stamps at our own
expense. I am perfectly willing to do it for
one, and I take it all my colleagues about me
are as ready to do it as I am.
In the course of this debate, Mr. President,
some criticisms rather harsh have been in-
dfilgedin toward the Postmaster General for the
efforts that he has made to securc the passage
of this bill. The fact that there have gone out
from the Post Office Department blank peti-
tions, which have come here with large num-
bers of signatures upon them, has been held
up to something of reprobation. Like the Sen-
ator from Indiana, I see nothing to rebuke in
that. The Postmaster General, I do not doubt,
believed that he could do the public a service
by taking any step which would tend to the
abolition of this franking business. He thought
calling the attention of the peopleof this coun-
try to the matter would have that tendency. If
he meant to serve the public faithfully, to the
extent of his ability, in the position where he
is, it was his duty to take that step, I think
it has had a very good influence, a very proper
tendency. I think for a time it. did quicken
the attention of the two Houses to this subject.
I am not sure but that the impression it pro-
duced at first has pretty much faded out; bat
for my own part, 1 am as much in favor of the
passage of this bill to-day as I was when the
first petition came here ; and I was not then
any more in favor of the passage of this bill
than I have been for years in favor of the
adoption of the same measure.
I hope, in spite of all I see about me, that
the Senate will conclude to let this bill go
through, and then, rely upou it, we shall, he-
fore the 1st of July comes around, supply all
tbe legislation which is necessary to take the
place of it.
Mr. VICKERS, Mr. President 
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Maryland allow uie to mention a privi-
leged matter? , .
Mr. VICKERS. Certainly.
U
