1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
the Legislative Assembly of the State of Vir-
ginia at any future time should rescind its rat-
ification of the fifteenth amendment, Congress
shall eject its Senators and Representatives
from these halls and restore the State to that
condition in which it put itself by its connec-
tion with the rebellion.
I object to this amendment upon two grounds.
]n the first place it necessarily implies, and
that will be the construction which the country
will put upon it, that a State, when it has once
ratified a constitutional amendment, has the
power to withdraw that ratification. Now, sir,
the Constitution of the United States organizes
the Federal Government, and the power to act
upon an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States is a power delegated by the Con-
stitution of the General Government to a State,
and the State as to that subject can only exer-
cise the power delegated by the Federal Con-
stitution, and no other power or jurisdiction
over the question of an amendment to the Con-
stitution is delegated except the power to ratify
it. I deny that a State has any right to reject
an amendment to the Constitution, or if it does
reject a proposed amendment its act is a simple
nullity ; but it may ratify the amendment, and
when a State has once ratified a constitutional
amendment it is functus officio as to that sub-
ject, and it has no more power to act upon it
afterward than a court would have to reverse
its judgment after the adjournment of the term
or after its jurisdiction over the subject had
wholly expired.
I therefore oppose this amendment, because
it implies a power in a State which the Consti-
tution does not confer upon a State, and I am
sorry that the resolution I had the honor to
submit the other day has not received the
attention which it seems to me it deserved, and
that Congress has not made a declaration on
this subject which would have settled contro-
versy.
I object to it again, because, to say nothing
of the policy, after the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of Virginia have resumed their seats
in Congress, I doubt very much the power of
Congress under the Constitution to eject those
Senators and Representatives and deprive a
State of its equal representation in the Senate.
The Constitution expressly provides that no
State without its consent shall be deprived of
its equal suffrage in the Senate, and the reason
why Congress acquires jurisdiction to legislate
in reference to these insurrectionary States at
this time is because they have voluntarily with-
drawn their representation and have remained
practically outside of the Union. Although
territorially within the Union, they are not
legally within the Union as contemplated by
the Constitution.
But, sir, if .Congress consents at any time
that these Senators and Representatives shall
take their seats in Congress, which amounts
to a restoration of this State to its former
position in the Federal Union, then I cannot
see from what source Congress derives the
power to turn them out whenever in its judg-
ment it may think proper so to do.
I think, therefore, Mr. President, that it
would be unwise to attach this amendment to
the bill providing for the admission of the
State of Virginia, but I would suggest an
amendment which perhaps will meet the ob-
jections that have been urged to the resolution
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
I would provide as follows :
Tie it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of'America in Congress assem-
bled, That the State of Virginia, having complied with
the requirements of law and having ratified the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments, is thereby entitled
to representation in the Congress of the United States.
Now, sir, independent of the doctrines that
a State has no right to rescind a ratification once
made of a constitutional amendment, Congress
here enacts absolutely as law that the State of
Virginia has ratified the.fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution. If Congress declares that
to be the law of the United States, in addition
to the want power in the State under the Con-
stitution, will it be practicable for the State
of Virginia to rescind its ratification of the
constitutional amendment without violating the
law of Congress? I have maintained here-
tofore that it was exclusively within the juris-
diction of Congress to determine when a con-
stitutional amendment had or had not been
ratified, because it is a question that pertains
exclusively to the political power of the Gov-
ernment. I say it belongs to thepolitical power
of the Government to determine what is or is
notthe Constitution of theUnited States, whileit
belongs to the judicial department to determine
the meaning and effect of that Constitution.
Now Congress says in this law, if the amend-
ment that I have proposed is adopted, that
Virginia has ratified the fifteenth amendment,
and after wo have declared by law that she has
ratified that amendment we proceed to admit
her Senators and Representatives into Con-
gress. I think this is as far as we ought to go.
I think this will answer every purpose which
the Senator from Missouri has in view, which
is to prevent the State of Virginia from reced-
ing from the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution.
I am informed—of course, X may be misin-
formed—but, depending upon the information
I receive, I am satisfied that there is no pur-
pose, no possible chance that the Legislature
of the State of Virginia willrescind its ratifica-
tion of this amendment; but people may differ
upon that subject. It is possible that it may
be done. I am willing to go as far as I can,
consistently with my views of the Constitution
and with good policy, to prevent the Legisla-
ture from doing any such act ; but I cannot
consent to the adoption of this amendment,
and I should be exceedingly sorry to see the
Senate of the United States affirm as its judg-
ment of law that at any subsequent date a
majority of the States would have a right,
under any conceivable circumstances, to eject
the Senators and Representatives of another
State from their seats in this body.
Sir, if you inaugurate that doctrine where
will it lead? What will be the consequences?
One excuse and another may be made, and
the powerful States may see proper hereafter
to eject the smaller States from Congress on
some pretense or other that those States are
not doing their duty to the Federal Union. I
think it is a dangerous precedent to establish,
and I hope that the amendment will not be
adopted. While I fully sympathize with the
Senator from Missouri in his views, I trust
that his amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I would like to ask the hon-
orable Senator a question, with his permission.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Was or was not the State of
Georgia represented in the House of Repre-
sentatives during the last Congress?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that the
Representatives from the State of Georgia
were in the House ; but has anybody under-
taken to expel them from the House, to eject
them from their seats in that body? Her Sen-
ators were not in the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the
honorable Senator, I would suggest that the
Representatives from Georgia have not been
admitted into the House at the present session.
I understand that to be the state of facts.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senators will allow
me I will state that I believe it is a fact that
the State of Georgia has chosen no Represent-
atives to the Forty-First Congress, and that the
Representatives who sat in the House of Rep-
resentatives during the Fortieth Congress did
sit there until the termination of that Congress.
There has been no election in Georgia for any
members of the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. MORTON. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, with the permission
of the Senator from Oregon, that the under-
standing is that the Representatives from-Geor-
gia to the House were elected for the Forty-
Blrst Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina to concede
that the State of Georgia is now entitled to rep-
resentation in the House of Representatives?
Mr. SAWYER. I did not propose to go into
that question at all, and I do not propose to be
drawn into it; but I Lave been very much mis-
informed if there has been any election of Rep-
resentatives from the State of Georgia to the
Forty-First Congress. I do understand that
certificates- of election were issued' to certain
gentlemen for seats in the Fortieth Congress,
which seats they did fill and occupy until the
close of that Congress, but that no election has
ever been held in that State for members of
the Forty-First Congress. Now, whether or
not it is competent for the State of Georgia to
elect her members to Congress ahead is a ques-
tion to be decided elsewhere.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator from
Oregon will allow me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sher-
man in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Oregon yield to the Senator from Kentucky ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish simply to say that if
the honorable Senator from South Carolina
does not yield the conclusion to which I come,
I understand the argument of the honorable
Senator from Oregon inevitably to lead to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not perfectly famil-
iar with the proceedings in the House of Rep-
resentatives in reference to the members from
the State of Georgia ; but I know the fact to
be that the State of Georgia since it went
into rebellion has never been restored to its
practical relations with the Federal Union.
Steps have been taken in that direction, but
they have been imperfect and incomplete, and
Congress has maintained its jurisdiction over
the State of Georgia from the day that she
commenced a war upon the Federal Union up
to the present time, so that the case of Georgia
is not a case parallel to the one before the
Senate.
Moreover, Mr. President, there has been no
declaration by Congress that it had the power
to eject even the representatives of the State
of Georgia from the Halls of Congress. Some
rules or regulations may have been adopted
by the HoiSe in reference to the subject, but
this amendment proposes that Congress shall
solemnly declare that it retains the power at
some future time, after Senators and Repre-
sentatives from Georgia shall have resumed
their seats and the State shall have been re-
stored to all its harmonious relations with the
Federal Union—that it retains the power at
some future time, without limit, to eject those
Senators and Representatives from Congress.
I say, therefore, that the case presented by the
Senator from Kentucky is not a parallel case to
the one before the Senate, and I hope that the
amendment which I have suggested will be
satisfactory to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, when the
honorable Senator from Missouri proposed
this amendment I confess frankly it did not
occur to me that he was in earnest. I saw in
it a certain logic, from which I thought that it
was admirable if he intended it as a satire upon
some propositions which have heretofore been
advanced. But it seems we are to vote upon
it; and therefore I beg in very few words, with-
outargument, to assign two reasons upon which
I shall vote against it.
I must vote against it, first, because, as was
said by the Senator from Illinois, there is
bound up in it and ineradicable in it a con-
fession of the power of a State to retract its
assent given to a constitutional amendment.
I know of no construction by which wo can
escape from that conclusion involved in tins
amendment. . .
But, Mr. President, I shall vote against it
for a reason which, as 1 weigh the two togethci,
is much more weighfcywith me than the reason
