1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3555
Section one, line five, strike out from the word
"final" to the word "any."
Line fire, after the word "final" insert "decision."
Line six, strike out the words " and establish."
Line seven, strike out " suits" and in lieu thereof
insert "suit."
Section two, line four, strike out the words "as
near as may be."
Strike out ail from the word ' States," iu the sixth
line, to the word "and," in the seventh line.
Line nine, strike out "such " and in lieu thereof
insert" the."
Line nine, strike out the word " usually."
Line nine, after the word "equity" insert the
words "so far."
Section three, line one, strike out the words
"process in" and in lieu thereof insert the words
"notice of."
Line three, after the word "thereof" insert the
words "with a copy of the petition."
Section four: strike out all of section four.
Section six, strike out all from the word "shall," in
the second line, to the word "the" before "United,"
in the fourth line.
Section six, line two, after "shall" insert the words
"decide in favor of."
Section six, strike out all from the word "shall."
in the eighteenth line, to and including the word
"lands," in the nineteenth line, and in lieu thereof
insert the woids "decide in favor of any claimant."
At the end of line twenty-seven and beginning of
line twenty-eight strike out the word " approval"
and in lieu thereof insert the word "appeal."
Line thirty, after the word "appeal" insert the
words "in the same manner and with the same effect
as in cases of appeal in equity causes from the circuit
courts of the United States."
And that the House agree to the same.
B. F. RICE,
GEO. F. EDMUNDS. .
WM.T. HAMILTON,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
J. PROCTOR KNOTT,
A. A. C. ROGERS,
GODLOVE S. ORTH,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Arkansas a question. If these
amendments be agreed to, will the bill then
provide th^t the claimants may unite in a suit
in the Court of Claims against the United
States, or will it compel each one of them to
bring his separate suit?
Mr. RICE. They can bring their suits sep-
arately, and if there are conflicting claims
between parties those suits may be consoli-
dated and tried as one suit.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that provided in the
bill?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDM UNDS. The whole thing is as well
as it can be.
The report was concurred in.
bills introduced.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 927) to make legal a certain act of the
councils of the city of Washington; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 928)
to settle the claims of the Foundry Methodist
Episcopal church, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 929) to facilitate the transmission of
Asiatic, Australian, and European merchan-
dise into and across the territory of the United
States of America, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CASSERLY. As this is a matter of
custom-house regulations, I suppose the bill
ought to go to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. StJMNER. I should think the Com-
mittee on Commerce, if it refers to custom-
house matters.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
steamer illinois.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 198) authorizing the Secretary
of War to place at the disposal of the commis-
sioners of quarantine, or other proper author-
ities of the State of New York, the steamer
Illinois for quarantine purposes.
Mr. FENTON. I ask for the present con-
sideration of this joint resolution; and if there
is any objection, a word of explanation, which
I shall ask permission to make, I think will
satisfy every Senator.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read three times, and passed. It proposes
to authorize the Secretary of War, in his dis-
cretion, to place gratuitously, for an indefinite
period, at the disposal of the commissioners of
quarantine, or the proper authorities of the
State of New York, to be used for quarantine
purposes, the steamer Illinois, which was turned
over to the quarantine commissioners under
the authority of the joint resolution of March
21, 1866, and has ever since been in their pos-
session.
Mr. FENTON. I have some papers in my
hand relating to that resolution which I ask
may accompany it to the other House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
ordered.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON submitted an amend-
ment, intended to be proposed to the bill (H.
R. No. 974) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1871; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
british steamer at sadlt ste. marie.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if in his opinion not inconsistent with
the publio interest, to communicate to the Senate
copies of any correspondence or papers on the files
of the Department of State relating to the passage
of any English or Canadian steamer through the
o&nal of Sault Ste. Marie.
political questions in germany.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United State3
be requested, if in his opinion not inconsistent with
the publio interest, to communicate to the Senate
any recent correspondence with Mr. Bancroft, the
minister of the United States at Berlin, relating to
political questions in Germany.
postal statistics.
Mr. SUMNER. I offrr another resolution,
asking for information relating to postal mat-
ters which may become important in the future
debates of the Senate:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested
to communicate to the Senate, from information at
the Department, answers to the following inquiries:
What were the expenses and receipts of the Post
Office in the different States and Territories during
the last year ?
What for the last five years has been the number
of letters annually mailed?
Also, annual increase of money orders.
Also, annual increase of registered letters.
Also, annual increase of stamps and stamped
envelopes.
Also, annual increase in weight of mail matter as
returned by different railroads.
Also, annual increase t>f foreign letters.
Also, what is the proportion of letters to popula-
tion in the United States during the lastyear. What
in Great Britain according to the latest report?
Mr. CONKLING. I have no wish to object
to that resolution except in this way: much
of the information there sought is contained
already in documents compiled and printed,
and much of the residue involves an amount
of labor which I think the Senator scarcely
contemplates. I have had occasion to know
of late several times how inadvertent we have
been in imposing upon the clerical staff of the
Departments an amount of labor which we do
not contemplato ourselves when we pass reso-
lutions. The amount of work necessary in
order to answer these resolutions is scarcely
credible. I could hardly acceptit myself when
it was stated to me. Although I am not pre-
pared to venture an opinion as to the amount
of work demanded, I think we see very plainly
from the reading of the resolution, and par-
ticularly the two latter provisions, that it will
require a great deal of work. The Senator
says 1 am mistaken. Of course I defer to him.
If he will explain it, very likely I shall not
object. Otherwise I shall ask that it lie over
that we may look into it.
Mr. SUMNEK. The information I have
asked for is not to be found in the last report
of the Postmaster General, and I have reason
to believe that it can be supplied by very slight
labor indeed. I have had some acquaintance
in times past with calls on the Post Office;
indeed, the most elaborate ever made in this
Chamber was drawn up by myself, and this is
drawn up by myself after careful inquiry as to
its bearing on pending questions.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire if it is
drawn up after any consultation with the De-
partment as to its facilities for furnishing the
information ?
Mr. SUMNER. After consultation, not
directly with the Department, but with one of
the best informed persons in our country on the
subject of the Post Office, and practically con-
nected with its administration.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the resolution will
be read.
The resolution was read.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think all that information
is in the annual report.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken.
I have read the report.
Mr. RAMSEY. I make no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the resolution
had better lie over. If it related to almost
anything but postal matters I should not object.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the resolution objected
to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. CONKLING. It had better lie over, I
think.
district business.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the considera-
tion of the resolution I offered yesterday, which
was laid over, in regard to the order of busi-
ness.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the resolution I
introduced precedes it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theregular order
is insisted on, and the next business is the con-
sideration of resolutions which have been laid
over. The first is one offered yesterday by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] which will
be read.
The Secretary read the following resolution
of Mr. Hamlin:
Resolved, That the last Friday and Saturday of
this month be assigned exclusively to the consider-
ation of bills and matters relating to the Distriot of
Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. As my resolution is some-
what in conflict with that of the Senator from
Maine, I think it best to move it as a substi-
tute ; but if the Senator from Maine objects to
that, I will not do so.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think the Senator's
resolution is in conflict with mi ne. It provides
another mode of doing the general business
of the Senate I want to say to the Senate
that there is first upon the Calendar a bill to
provide a government for this District, by
which we certainly can take a very large por-
tion of the legislation away from us. There is
next a police bill, to consolidate the laws with
regard to the police of this District, and to
provide for certain other things. There is, in
addition to that, a bill to provide for a police
court, a thing which they have never had in
this city; and every little petty larceny case,
whether it be of a chicken or a thing more
insignificant than that, must go to the supreme
court of this District for trial. This police
court will relieve the supreme court of all
matters where the property is less than thirty
dollars in value, and will remove avast amount
of business. I will add also that the bill places
