1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4499
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. DRAKE. On the 13th of this month
the committees of conference appointed on the
bill making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States
for tlfe year ending June 30, 1871, reported
that they could not agree. The Senate farther
insisted on its amendment to the bill of the
House, and asked a further conference. In
pursuance of that action of the Senate, the
President of th'is body appointed a new com-
mittee of conference, composed entirely of
different Senators from those who had been
members of the previous committee, and we
sent the bill, with a notification of that action
of the Senate, to the House of Representatives.
By all parliamentary comity that 1 have been
able to know anything of, either by my own
observation or by inquiry of experienced par-
liamentarians, the appointment of three new
managers of the conference on the part of the
Senate should have been followed by the ap-
pointment of three new managers of the con-
ference on the part of the House; but, sir, the
House of Representatives has seen fit to reap-
point the same managers who conducted that
conference. Under these circumstances the
managers who were appointed last on the part
of the Senate to manage this conference do
not feel disposed to submit to what they con-
sider to be an indignity put upon the Senate
by the House, and they therefore ask to be
excused from serving as managers of this con-
ference, I, in making the statement, represent-
ing, by consent, my two colleagues on the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri, on behalf of himself, the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] and the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. McCreery,] ask
to be excused from serving upon the second
conference committee on the Pension Appro-
Eriation bill. Is there objection? The Chair
ears none, and it so ordered. How shall the
vacancies be filled? ["By the Chair."] If
there be no objection, the CHair will fill the
vacancies. The Chair appoints as the second
committee of conference the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] and the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] who composed the
first committee of conference.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask unanimous
consent to make a report. The Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1533) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1871, have had it under consideration, and
have directed me to report it to the Senate
with sundry amendments.
In making this report I beg leave to say one
word. This is the third appropriation bill
reported from the committee and now before
the Senate. I hardly need say, in the posture
of affairs with reference to the appropriation
bills, that it has become necessary, I think, to
procced with the consideration of those bills;
and I desire now to give notice to the Senate
that 1 shall ask the indulgence of the Senate
to proceed with the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill, reported on a former day,
when the "matter now before the Senate has
concluded. And further, I desire to give notice
, to the chairman of the Committee on Post
i Offices and Post Roads, who has the pending
1 bill in charge, that I shall ask the indulgence
! of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the consular and diplomatic appropriation
, bill at one o'clock to-morrow, whether the
franking bill is pending or not. This frank-
ing bill has consumed a great deal of time, and
it seems to me that the urgency of the consid-
eration of bills of the public character of
appropriation bills ought to have the indulgence
of the Senate at this time. I hope, therefore,
the Senator having this bill in charge will en-
deavor to conclude it before the Senate adjourns
to-day.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
stand by me, and enable us to conclude the
bill to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall do so with
great pleasure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine gives notice that to-morrow he shall
ask the indulgence of the Senate to take up
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
franking privilege.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 986) to abolish the franking privilege.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened with some degree of attention to the
range of debate, which has been very exten-
sive, upon this subject of the abolition of the
franking privilege. I have heard no good
or substantial reason why it should be abol-
ished. I suppose there is not a Senator here
who would not desire to prevent frauds upon
the Post Office Department. It would give
pleasure, I am sure, to every one if we could
enact a law which should prevent a single fraud
from being perpetrated. The Postmaster Gen-
eral had a right, and it was his duty, in a re-
spectful manner to bring this subject to the
attention of Congress if he believed that it
required legislative correction; but I think
the manner in which it has been done is not
only objectionable, but censurable. In his
report he uses, in reference to Congress, this
language:
" When the Department, with its foi ty thousand or
more employes, has labored to discharge every duty
faithfully, has carried its mails ninety-one million
miles and distributed them according to order among
forty million people, and to accomplish this has
fought every inch of its way against frauds which'
Government itself has licensed, it is at leastentitled
to a respectful recognition of its services instead of
being consigned to everlasting insolvency."
The Postmaster General in this language
has imputed to Congress a licensing of fraud.
He docs not say that fraud has grown out of
the legislation of Congress ; but that Congress
itself has licensed fraud. That is an imputa-
tion upon Congress and its legislation which is
eminently reprehensible, and can find no excuse
in his privilege of recommending the measure
which he did.
I object not only to the manner in which
this subject lias been brought to the consider-
ation of Congress by that officer and to the
disrespectful language which he used, having
no foundation in fact, but I think the means
which he has used to forestall the action of
the Senate is highly censurable. It has no
precedent in the history of our country. The
idea of seventy-five thousand petitions with
letters of instruction having been printed at
the expense of the Government, which some
have estimated at $10,000, and distributed to
the twenty-seven thousand postmasters in the
United States with instructions to obtain sig-
natures to the petitions, is a vicious and dan-
gerous exercise of power which has no pre-
cedent.
If the head of any one of the Departments,
who might have a favorite measure which he
wished Congress to adopt, should resort to the
use of all his patronage, by means of petitions,
to influence and coerce Congress to adopt his
policy, however repugnant it might be to their
better'judgments, it would find a precedent in
the extraordinary and dangerous practice to
which the Postmaster General has resorted,
that he might triumph over the law making
power.
That officer seemed unwilling to trust the
Senate and the other House with the consider-
ation of this subject, but designed to bring the
force of public opinion, obtained in an unheard
of manner, to bear upon the action of the two
Houses. To do this he has gotten up^ a peti-
tion which asserts positively facts of which
many of the petitioners, perhaps none of them,
had any knowledge. It alleges, first, " that
the abuses of the franking privilege and frauds
incident thereto have assumed such enormous
proportions that its total abolition has become
a necessity." Now, I ask how did these peti-
tioners knew that the abuses of this privilege
had assumed " such enormous proportions?"
They knew it not except from the report of the
Postmaster General, and many of them, doubt-
less, never read that report. Further on it is
said, " it loads the mails with hundreds of tons
of matter properly chargeable with postage,
greatly increasing their weight and bulk and
cost of transportation." How was it possible
for the petitioners to know that the mail was
loaded with such a weight and bulk of matter
franked by those who had the privilege of
doing so? But it alleges further, that this "in
many cases" retarded "the transmission and
delivery of legitimate correspondence."
"It has seriously impaired the usefulness and effi-
ciency of the postal service in meeting the just
expectations and increasing wants of the people m
respect to reduced postage charges and enlarged mail
accommodations."
Could it be possible for the petitioners to
have known that the efficiency of the postal
service bad been curtailed and that the wants
of any portion of the people had not been met
in consequence of the existence of the franking
privilege? I doubt very much the moral pro-
priety of asserting in a petition categorically
that of which the petitioners could have no
knowledge. If they had asserted that these
allegations had been made in the report of the
Postmaster General, then there could be no
objection on that ground; but that would not
have suited his purpose so well.
■ The object seems to have been to prevent
frauds on the revenue. The Postmaster Gen-
eral has not stated in his report any means by
which those frauds maybe prevented. I know
not how it can be done. He proposes the sub-
stitution of stamps in lieu of franking, but we
know that stamps may be counterfeited in im-
mense quantities. There is no difficulty in
counterfeiting a stamp, and the Senator from
Wisconsin who last spoke stated that he sup-
posed it would be more easy to connterteit
stamps than to counterfeit franks. We know
also that the cancellation of stamps is fre-
quently extracted bj' chemical agents and the
stamps lesold and used.
jt seems impossible to prevent frauds. We
know that they are perpetrated upon all the
Departments, and especially upon that Depart-
ment which controls or affects the distillation
of liquor ; but it would be folly to abolish
those taxes and duties imposed upon distillation
simply because frauds are practiced.
The excitement in the country upon the sub-
ject of the franking privilege has arisen almost
entirely from these petitions. I do not remem-
ber that a single petition was presented to this
body for the abolition of the privilege prior to
the introduction of these printed post office
petitions. If there was it has escaped my ob-
servation. The excitement was a factitious
one, ephemeral in its character, because it had
no such broad foundation as that which the
Postmaster General attempted to give it.
He seems to desire to make the Post Office
Department.pay its own expenses; but I believe
that, has not been done in any former instance,
or if it has been done it has only been for a
short period. The late Postmaster General,
Mr. Randall, in writing upon this very subject
of making the Post Office Department pay its
own expenses, says in one of his reports:
"The idea that the Post Ofiieo Department can be
self-sustaining in tiie present condition uf tiie coun-
try is absurd. It cannot be, and ought not to i>o
for fifty years to comc. The revenues ivilf 1
increase, and so will expenditure*. Ten year- hen' c
i estimate the expenses of the Post Oiliee ilepir!-
ment at $lU,UUi).0.'i0, and the revenues at $30,000,ihtt.
This increase must go on as long as the count'.y
prosper.-, and mineral, agricultural, and commeteial
bu-nnes- increases. Th  mines are not yet all devel-
oped. The lands are not all cultivated. The risers
arc not all navigated. The railroads are not all sur-
