1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
pending, and offer good and sufficient security
for his Ming in such eircnit court, on the first day
of its next session, copies of the process and
other proceeding against him in such State
court, and also for his appearing in such circuit
court and entering special bail in the cause
of proceeding, (if special bail was orginally
required therein,) it then shall be the duty of
the State court to accept the security and pro-
ceed no further in the cause or prosecution,
and the bail that shall have been originally
taken in such State court shall be discharged:
that upon snch copies being filed, as aforesaid,
in such circuit court of the United States, the
cause or prosecution shall proceed therein in
the same manner as if it had been bronght in
such cireuitcourt, whatever may be the amount
in dispute or the damage claimed, or whatever
may be the citizenship of the parties, any law
to the contrary notwithstanding; and that any
attachment of the goods or the estate of the
defendant by original process from such State
court shall hold the goods and estate so attached
to answer the final judgment in the same man-
ner as by the laws of such State they wonld
have been holden to-answer final judgment bad
it been rendered in the court in which the suit
or prosecution was commenced ; and from any
final judgment rendered in any such suit or
prosecution by such circuit courts a writ of
error shall lie to the Supreme Court of the
United States, whatever may be the amountof
snch judgment, any law to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Tbe eleventh section provides that the said
line of railway, with the ferries, crossings,
bridges, and roadway hereby authorized to be
constructed, and the parts of existing railways
which may become a part of the New York
and Washington Railway Company, shall be
deemed and considered a national public high-
way and post road, and iro tax or transit duty
shall be imposed by virtue of any State author-,
ity upon the traffic of' said company, its freight
or passengers; but the property and franchises
of Baid corporation shall be subject to the
national. State, and municipal taxation to the
same extent and in like manner as other like
property or franchises in the same State or
district.
Tbe twelfth section provides that said cor-
poration shall make an annual report of their
operations to the Secretary of the Interior, in
snch form and containing such items of inform-
ation as he may prescribe, to be by him trans-
mitted annually to Congress; said report to
be verified by the certificates under oath of
the president, treasurer, chief engineer, and
general superintendent of said corporation or
railway.
The thirteenth section provides that the said
corporation shall, as soon as practicable after
the election of directors, as hereinbefore pro-
vided, so commence and prosecute the work
of constructing and equipping said railway that
it shall be folly completed and equipped in two
years from and after the election of the first
board of directors.
The fourteenth section provides that this act
shall be deemed and taken as a public act, and,
as such, notice shall be taken ofit to the courts
without the necessity of pleading the same.
A failure to commence the construction of the
road, or to complete the same at the several
times provided in this act, shall render this
charter void.
The fifteenth section provides that it shall
not be lawful for the said New York and Wash-
ington Railtvay Company to sell or transfer,
either directly or indirectly, any of the fran-
chises created by this act, without the assent
of Congress, to tbe Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company, or to any other railroad com-
pany or party interested in the existing lines of
railroad between Washington and New York.
l'he amendments reported from the eommit-
teo were tosuhstitute in the first section the name
of''John S. Hardenburgh" for "David Dows,"
and " N. B. Curtis, of Illinois," for " .John J.
Mitchell, of Missouri;" also to strike out the
words " in the nameand on behalf of tbe United
States," near the commencement of the second
section. The question was upon agreeingto the
amendments reported from the committee.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersolt,] yield to me to offer an
amendment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 dislike to yield for any
amendment. I prefer that the House shall act
upon tbe bill as it comes from the committee.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman propose to
put this bill on its passage without discussion ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. How much time have I
remaining ?
The SPEAKER. There are twenty-two min-
utes of the morning hour remaining.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman yield to me
for an inquiry ?
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I prefer not.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask a question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; what is it?
Mr. WOOD. Does the gentleman propose
to move the previous question now upon a bill
which has just taken half an hour for its read-
ing without any discussion whatever ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I suppose if this bill is
not acted upon finally this morning it will go
over and continue to be the business of the
morning hour until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. That will be its course if
it goes beyond the morning hour of to-day,
and it will come up again during the morning
hour of Tuesday next.
Mr. KERR. Is it the intention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Railways and Canals
[Mr. Ingersoll] to press this bill to a vote in
the absence of the minority of the committee
reporting this bill? The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Winchester] is not at present in
health, and is notable to be here to-day, either
to make a minority report or to be heard upon
the floor of the House. This bill is too import-
ant to be rushed through to a vote without
opportunity for a hearing. A full consideration
of this measure is due not only to the minority
of the committee, but to the House itself. I
ask, therefore, that aetion on this bill shall be
deferred.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I was not aware until
this moment that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Winchester] is absent to-day, nor was
1 aware of his illness.
Mr. CONGER. I trust the gentleman from
Illinois will give me an opportunity to move
to substitute the name of Edgar White for
that of Halmer H. Emmons as commissioner
for the State of Michigan, the latter gentle-
man having been appointed and confirmed as
a judge of the circuit court of tbe United
States.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Perhaps I will yield at
another time, before final action on the billj
but I cannot do so now.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois upon what principle the men
who are named in the bill to act as trustees
or directors have been selected? Upon what
peculiar principle has the committee selected
the men to run this road ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. On the principle upon
which any important business interest would
■elect men of capacity and integrity to dis-
charge a public trust.
Mr. COX. Are they all from New York,
or from different places along the line of tbe
road, or from everywhere in the United States?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They are not confined
to any particular locality, as the gentleman
will see by reference to the bill.
Mr. Speaker, I have no objection to a rea-
sonable amount of debate on this bill; but the
House is aware that substantially the same
measure was considered here during the last
Congress, that it was debated, and was passed
by a large majority. Most of the members of
the House are well aware, from personal
observation, of the condition of the railroad
interests between here and New York city.
Hence upon that point there is no need for
debate. If, however, the House is willing that
this question shall come up in the morning
hour to-morrow, and that there shall be a
morning honr, I have no objection to yielding
i half an hour for debate on the other side,
t The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
! to inform the gentleman that the rooming
| hour to-morrow must, under the rules of the
! House, be devoted to the call of committees
I for private business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I will inquire of
; the Speaker when this bill will come up again ?
: The SPEAKER. If the bill should go over
i at the expiration of the morning hour to-day
i it would regularly come up again in the ciom-
1 ing hour of Tuesday next.
; Mr. KERR. I hope it will be allowed to
> go over till that time. It would be a burlesque
on legislation to undertake to pass this bill
; after half an hour's discussion. It involves
' many most important questions touching the
i powers of this Government; and yet it is pro-
; posed to rush it through without proper oppor-
; tunity for discussion. I submit that such a
; method of legislation is monstrous.
; Mr. INGERSOLL. I submit that I have
\ not proposed to rush anything through ; nor
J would it, in my opinion, be a '' burlesque upon
legislation" to ask the House to pass this bill
; after a comparatively brief discussion, for
this is not the first time that the attention of
the gentleman and of the House has been
called to this subject. The gentleman must
be aware that the power which it is proposad
to exercise in this bill has been exercised many
times heretofore.
Mr. CLEVELAND and others. Never.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I atiirm that there
is nothing in the history of this Government
I that can justify the enactment of this bill.
I Mr. INGERSOLL. That i3 a matter of
j opinion.
Mr. KERR. There is no precedent and no
authority in any law ever enacted by Congress
to justify the passage of this bill, as I will .show
to the House if an opportunity be allowed me.
Mr. SWANN. I ask the gentleman whether
he will permit me to offer an amendment to
this bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not at the present ti me.
Mr. SWANN. Well, I appeal to the gen-
tleman to give us an opportunity to bo heard.
If he will consent to fix some not very distant
I day when gentlemen who oppose thi3 measure
j can be heard, we shall be able, I think, to sat-
I isfy the House that we would establish a most
| dangerous principle if we should announce to
: the country that the power of Congress is to
be exercised in upsetting the whole internal
improvement system of this nation, which has
grow* up under State supervision and by means
of capital furnished by the States. All that I
ask is time that we may be enabled to present
our views on it when this most important ques-
tion shall come up.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
wish to make a statement.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me to make a statement in relation to
where the road will go.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. I cannot yield now, but
I will in a little while. I am disposed to be
liberal, and I will be as liberal as the House
. will permit me to be in the present condition
of the public business. If tbe House be will-
ing to fix a day when this bill shall come up
for consideration and let it be made a special
order I am willing that two or three days shall
be devoted to the discussion of the measure if
that be the pleasure of the House. I will tell
gentlemen that then I will allow amendments
to be read and offered and voted on. I ask the
House to make a special order of this bill at
some time to be indicated by the gentlemen on
the Ways and Means and on the Appropriations
Committees, they having charge of much of the
important business of the House.
Mr. SWANN. I understood the gentleman
