356
jm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
from which I pass. I refer to tie fact that this
amendment contains an avowal that when we
recognise the St^te of Virginia and admit her
to.representation, she thenigflotaState of the
Union at ail. Is it not sq, sir ? Has Virginia
been (jut of the Upion ? H#s the Union been
dissolved so.that Virginia wasnot in it? That
I have neverbelieved. The honorable Senator
before me [Mr. Pomeroy] says that he thinks
it has ,b?en. I take that supposition to test his
argument; suppose the Union bas been dis-
solved and the State of Virginia has been out
of the Union, what then is the nature and qual-
ity of that act which wo are about to do ? Is
it not to bring back Virginia into the Union,
so that she shall again be, as she once was, a
State, and a State of the Union ? The Senator
assents to that. Manifestly it follows. And
yet here comes a proposition which says that
Virginia shall .not, even afterthe consummation
of that measure now pending, be a State in the
Union; that when admitted she shall not have
that statehood, she shall not represent that
equality, she shall not illustrate and embody
that fact which exists, if it exists at all, in the
circumstance and the truth that she is a State
equal to the other States in the Union. On
the contrary, take thecaso as I understand it
and as the Senator ftom Kansas denies it to
be; take the case as I think it was most aptly
stated by Mr. Lincoln, that Virginia was out of
her proper practical relations with the Union,
what then is the act which we are about to per-
form ?
Mr. POMEROY. "Was she in the Union
when out of those relations?
Mr.-CONKLING. Yes, sir; I answer with-
out hesitation. A State in its representation
here, let me say to the honorable Senator,
must subsist through a State government under
which alone she may have representation in
the two Houses of Congress. Because that
State organization was prostrate; because it
was obliterated, as we were told it was by the
President of the United States, therefore it
resulted, and not because Virginia had ceased
to be a State, not because the Union had been
torn asunder; but, therefore, I repeat, it re-
sulted that Virginia was found without repre-
sentation and without the right to representa-
tion in this Chamber or in the House of
Representatives. That I submit with great
deference as my theory. Be it right or wrong,
it presents the other alternative in which we
are acting, to wit: that we are simply reinstat-
ing Virginia; we are knitting up the raveled
sleeve; we are making her whole again in her
relationships with the Union and with Congress.
In that eveiH does the consummation of our
act.fall short in any respect of reinstating Vir-
ginia, putting her in xictiu quo, reconferring
upon her that measure of statehood, be it more
or less, which she has lost? And yet here
comes this amendment to say that if that be
the alternative in which we are called to act,
then our legislation shall be imperfect and in-
complete; then it shall be not true but false
that Virginia is reinstated, and that after her
reinstatement there shall exist in her a vice,
Perfection, a diminution of power of state-
hood m some regard, which enables us to say
that because her Legislature performs an act—
and I care not for this purpose whether it be
an act competent or void—we may turn around
and expel from the Halls of Congress the rep-
resentatives of Virginia, and strike down that
restoration which we are about to establish.
j?'Sir! can j' be that lawyers or laymen
can dilier in opinion upon the doctrine that
alter we have restored Virginia, after we have
eiowned her again with that sovereignty, that
statehood, that relationship, call it what you
may, which she has lost, we can dictate to her
ine action of her Legislature andean expel her
representatives unless she attends to our be-
hests? And I ask can lawyers doubt that an
utgumPiit which wiJl prove that conclusion will
snow Uiul. Maine or Missouri can be made to
ne down upon the bed which we prescribe, and
be stretched if they are too short, or shortened
if they overmatch in length?
Now, sir, for these reasons, without assign-
ing others—and I repeat, more for the latter
reason than for the first—I cannot consent to
carry so far the doctrine which used to be
known here under the name of fundamental
conditions. We have imposed fundamental
conditions of late, the efficacy of which, when-
ever they come to be tested in any enlightened
tribunal, will be at least the occasion of differ-
ence among men. But the idea that when our
power is expended, when we have finally parted
company with the question, when we have
washed our hands of it by conferring upon it
the last act which consummates legislation, we
can postpone to the future and reserve for some
hereafter authority to go back and oust the
State of Virginia from representation, or thrust
her from the Union because of what she may
or may not do short of rebellion, treason, or
insurrection, is, I submit, an extension, an
attenuation, a dilution of the doctrine of fun-
damental conditions which has never been
hinted at before even in the heat and enthusiasm
of the hours through which we have passed.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, with the view
which I have of this whole subject, I regard it
as a matter of great indifference whether the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Missouri is adopted or not. I am, how-
ever, opposed to it; and the first reason for my
opposition is that I believe Congress has no
power to pass such a provision in the bill. I
agree with the honorable Senator from Oregon
that Congress has no power to impose any con-
dition whatever upon a State, and that when a
State eomes_ into the Union as a new State this
whole doctrine of imposing fundamental con-
ditions is erroneous and is unconstitutional.
The only condition that can be imposed by
Congress upon a State, according to my read-
ing of the Constitution, is that implied by its
duty to see_ that the State has a government
republican inform; and any attempt to impose
any other or further condition upon a new State
on her admission into the Union would be
totally void and inoperative. I believe that
Congress has not the power to impose the con-
dition implied by the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri; and if Congress
had the power I should still be opposed to the
amendment, because I believe it to bo emi-
nently inexpedient and impolitic to impose such
a condition.
I oppose the amendment also upon the idea
urged by the Senator from Illinois and other
Senators. My. opinion is that whenever a
State by her convention or by her Legislature
has acted upon the subject of ratifying an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and has either ratified or rejected it,
she has 110 further power over the subject. 1
regard that as an official act of the State, anal-
ogous to what is the act of a college of electors
in voting for President of the United States.
When they have once cast their vote they have
voted forever; they can never reclaim that
vote. So of a. Legislature in electing a Sen-
ator of the United States. Whenever the vote
of the Legislature is cast the election is made ;
it is^ made forever; it is irrevocable. So in
my judgment when any State votes upon an
amendment of the Constitution it has exhausted
all the power which is delegated to the State
oy the express provision of the Constitution,
which is the sole authority of the State for act-
ing upon the subject; that the whole of that
power is then exhausted, and that the State
can never reclaim its action on that subject
or modify or alter it.
I therefore consider, as manv of the gen-
tlemen who have taken part in this debate
do, that there is no utility, that there would
be no practical effect in adopting the amend- !
ment now pending before the Senate; that it !
is in relation to a matter and to the action of j
the State of Virginia upon a matter over which
that State has no further power; that all of its I
power has been exhausted; and therefore it
would be superfluous if Congress had the power
to adopt the amendment to incorporate it into
the proposed bill.
But, Mr. President, I am free to state, and
I state distinctly and with emphasis, that I
believe this proposed amendment of the Con-
stitution is utterly void, and that every amend-
ment of the Constitution that has been passed
in the last six or seven years is utterly void
and inoperative. In relation to this particular
amendment, my first position is that Virginia
was coerced to ratify the fifteenth amendment;
that a condition unconstitutional, coercive in
its character, which deprived that State of its
free will upon the subject, was imposed upon
Virginia by the law of Congress, upon the
motion of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Morton,] declaring that before Virginia
could be admitted to representation in either
House of Congress she should be required
absolutely and unconditionally to accept the
fifteenth amendment. I say, sir, that such a
condition as that avoids the act of ratification
by Virginia. The time will come when, before
some forum, some tribunal in the United States,
that great question will be made ; and in my
judgment that question will be ruled in favor
of the State and of the freedom of the State,
by coming to the conclusion that her ratifica-
tion was coerced from her and is not binding
on her. f
But, Mr. President, I have another objection
to that and all these amendments, in my judg-
ment still more fatal; and it is this: when
Congress proposes an amendment to the Con-
stitution every State in the Union must be rep-
resented in the two Houses of Congress. Con-
gress cannot get together with a representation
in the Senate and in the House of Representa-
tives from two thirds of the States and exclude
representation in both Houses from the other
third, and legitimately and constitutionally
propose an amendment to the Constitution.
That is a universal principle of law, not only
of constitutional law, but of municipal law, as
the able lawyer from Oregon knows. When
there is a corporation with a special govern-
ment, a government consisting of a directory
of various members, and a part of this govern-
ment, a portion of this directory exclude other
members of the directory from the transaction
of its business, everything that the remaining
directors do is null and void. They have no
power to expel a part of the governing power
from the board that governs, and then to per-
form the duties and exercise the powers of the
corporation as though its government was full
and complete. If they do so, there is no court
that has ever ruled upon that question which
has not decided that the exclusion of a part
of the directory from its business avoids every-
thing that is done by the remaining members.
Well, now, sir, if that is true in relation to
the government of corporations for the trans-
action of private business, how much more true
it is in relation to governments, to constitutions,
to fundamental laws? When the Constitution
provides expressly and plainly that two thirds
ot both Houses of Congress shall be required
to propose amendments to the Constitution, is
that requisition, that principle of the Consti-
tution satisfied by the Senators and Represent-
atives from two_ thirds of the States getting
together, excluding all the Senators and Rep-
resentatives from the other third of the States,
and then proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution, and passing those amendments by a
majority of two thirds of a mutilated Congress?
Is that complying with the requisition of the
Constitution ? Not at all, sir.
If there was but one State excluded from her
representation in the two Houses, and that
otate haa elected her Senators and her Iiepre-
sentatives, and had sent them up and they were
asking admission to their seats and to take part
in all the business of Congress, and especially
the important business of proposing amend-
ments to the Constitution, the exclusion of that
