2612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
personal injury—Yerger had received none at
the hands of Crane—but because they hate
Radicals. And when they murder, think of
it, Mr. President, think of it, Senators, when
their deeds are recited upon this floor, a Sen-
ator so able, so just upon all other than political
questions as the distinguished Senator from
Ohio, stands in his place and says that it is
not wonderful; it is human nature asserting
itself; that human nature is the same in Mis-
sissippi as elsewhere. Human nature ! This
buuian nature! Where did the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio obtain his conceptions of human
nature ? He was not nursed by the wolves, as
were said to have been the founders of Rome.
He was not reared in ihefamilies oi'the Borgias.
lie never studied social science with the Co-
manches. Where did he get his conceptions
of human nature? That human nature ! There
is no nature like that this side of heil, except
that which ycu find in these States down there.
Mr. President, suppose to correetsuch wrongs
as these wo had strained our constitutional
authority, are wo to be damned beyond the
infinite and boundless reach of mercy fordoing
it? Can you not excuse it? I do not put the
question to my friends here, but to my friends
on the other side. Can you not excuse it? A
little more than two hundred years ago acrowned
head by our forefathers was brought to the
block for crimes which were white in compari-
son with those that I recite in the ear of the
Senate. Was there any authority of Parlia-
ment for the execution of Charles 1 ? And
yet, who denounces the high court of justice
for executing judgment on that king, in defi-
ance of law, lor crimes, as I tell you, which
boar no comparison to those I have related to
you? Suppose we did strain our constitutional
authority to correct these wrongs, was there
nowhere, was there not even in Democratic
circles, tnore than one Bassanio urgitig us in
order—
"To do a Kroat right, (lo a little wrong:;
And curb this cruel devil of his will?"
1 am not pleading the enormity of these
crimes in justification of what we did or- in
justification of a violation of the Constitution,
but, in mitigation of the penalties, even if you
must find us guilty of a violation of the Con-
stitution. But, sir, I have done the Repub-
lican party injustice in leaving these distin-
guished members of it so long even to infer
that I intend in the end to plead guilty to a
violation of the Constitution even in the execu-
tion of this great work which we found upon
our hands. Sir, it has not been our work to
tread on the Constitution. On the contrary,
it has been ours to lift, if, up and to make it
whole against the most grievous wounds that
had been inflicted upon it before our time.
I shall not speak particularly of our authority
to enact the law of December last. The grounds
upon which I defend that will be sufficiently
manifest when you shall have listened to the
grounds upon which I defend the constitu-
tionality of the other acts to which I have
referred.
You object, Mr. President, [Mr. Nye in the
chair]—1 beg your pardon, sir, you do not—
if, is objected on this floor against the Repub-
lican party that it has sought to impose funda-
mental conditions upon the admission of a
State into the Union. That is true. Wo have
attempted that thing, and have not abandoned
the enterprise yet. It is said that that creates
an inequality between the States of the Union.
That is evident. That is the very purpose why
we seek to impose them. It is said that the
Constitution prohibits us from such an exercise
of power. 1 have listened to the argument by
which that assertion is attemptedto be main-
tained with a great deal of attention. It has
failed to convince mo. I am bound to speak
with much deference upon this point. I know,
I feel the respect which is due to the opinions
of those Senators who have urged it. I know
in their number are some of the ablest law-
yers of my acquaintance in or out of the Sen-
ate. If that proposition could be maintained
by any one they would have maintained it and
put it beyond all peradventure.- But weighing
their arguments carefully I am bound to say
that they seem to me unsound and inconclu-
sive. I do not know, and I will not affirm, that
if the question had been put to me before I
had carefully considered it I, t00j should not
have denied the validity of such conditions.
But having considered the question, I do think
that the validity of such conditions is  3 clearly
defended under the Constitution as any author-
ity which Congress has ever exerted.
Mr. President, why should it be thought a
thing incredible that the Congress of the United
States should not insist whenever it admitted
a new State into the Union that it should pos-
sess precisely the same measure of authority
which the existing States possess. There was
a logical necessity why the origiual States
should each be equal under the Constitution,
should each have equal authority under the
Constitution. That necessity results from tho
fact that they were the equals of each other
before the Constitution was framed and adopted.
Each committed, or delegated, if you choose,
the same measure of authority to tho national
Government, and of course each must have
retained precisely the same measure of author-
ity. If from the same minuend you take tho
same subtrahend, you must always and inevit-
ably have the same remainder.
But while that necessity exists for this equal-
ity between the original States no such neces-
sity exists for an equality between the now
States and the old. Arkansas and Wisconsin,
I venture to say, have no power, no authority
reserved under the Constitution of the United
States; and why? What do you understand
by reserved power? Is it not that which is left
after a particular grant is satisfied? But Ark-
ansas and Wisconsin did not exist when tho
Constitution was framed: Arkansas and Wis-
consin granted no power to the General Gov-
ernment; and for that reason, it seems to me,
Arkansas and Wisconsin could have reserved
no power under the Constitution.
When thirteen men owning a section of land
unite to convey eighty acres to a fourteenth
man we all understand that the thirteen have
just five hundred and sixty acres left; nobody
else has anything left. Whoever gets any in-
terest cither in the eighty acres which aro
granted or the five hundred and sixty acres
which aro left must, attain it by grant. And
so I venture to say, in the meaning and upon
the letter of the Constitution, that every Stato
which lias been admitted into the Union sineo
the Constitution was adopted subsequent to its
ratification by tho thirteen States holds all its
powers under pure grants and not under reserv-
ations. These grants underlying and support-
ing the powers of these new States are found
in acts of Congress, and the authority for pass-
ing those acts is found in the Constitution of
the United States, wherein it declares that—
"New States maybe admitted by the Congress into
this Union."
There is the authority for the grant. Trace
the Statutes-at-Large through, and you will find
the several grants which have produced every
new State. Nay, Mr. President, I am inclined
t,o think I am entirely justified in saying that
there is no State, new or old, which has any
power whatever under the tenth article of tho
amendments to the Constitution. In my judg-
ment, every power which the government of
New York holds she holds not because it was
reserved under the tenth amendment, but be-
cause she never delegated it to the General
Government, never parted with it. In this
opinion I am not alone. Look at the language
of the tenth amendment. Doe.s it profess to
add anything to the authority of tho State, or to
withdraw anything whatever from the authority
of the nation? Is it a grant or an interpreta-
tion of a grant?
"Tho powers notdelegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States"—
What of them?-1— ' • • • •
"are reserved to tho States rospoetivaly ot to tho
people." . •
Would not that have bee.n the case if that
article was not there ? - When Congress moved
to submit that iuid .the other eleven amendments
to the people, this was thfc view, which Mr,
Madison took of.tho necessity of that, particu-
lar amendment. He said: . . , ■
"I find, from looking into tho amendments pro-
posed bytheStateqonyontions, thatsoveval are par-
ticularly anxious that it sholild bo d6olored in'the
Constitution that tho power* Trot therein delegated
should bo-reserved .to tllo-soveral States.Perhaps
words whioh may define this moro precisely tha n tho
whole of the instrument now does may bo considered
as superfluous. I admit they May be doomed unneces-
sary : but there can bo no harm in making suoh a
declaration if gentlemen will allow that thpfaetis as
stated. 1 am suro I understand it bo, and de there-
fore propose it." > ■
"1 propose it because it does not alter the
Constitution ; 1 propose it notwithstanding the
words may bo deem fed superfluous and are un-
necessary." That is why it was proposed. I
thought i could cite the authority of Mr. Cal-
houn in support1 of the same proposition. J
looked yesterday for that authority ih' the first
volume of his works,' Which.lias no index ami
which }ias ho table Of contents-, and I did not
find it; still my recollection js'vgf'y Stfong that
I have "seen it there. But I do tot thihk the
testimony of Mr. Calhoun would add'anything
to the testimony of Mr. Madison dn this point;
and it does seem to rnc that heither the author-
ity of Mr. Calhoun nor of Mr. Madison can
add anything to tho plain meaningof the words
which [ have read to you. But, if I am wrong
On this point, t am quite sure that all the au-
thority which is possessed by'the new States
is authority which has been granted to tliera,
arid not authority which they-reserved in the
Constitution-fVaified wh'eri theydid hot exist
and to which they ware no parties. -
It. is urged by those Wh6 object tfrt'hiS doc-
trine that although Congress'may in their dis-
cretion" debar a new State froiri the Union just
as long as they pleas'c, and so long as they can
exclude it from theUnion may exercise unlim-
ited control over the people within it, yet-when
they do admit it to the Union they must admit
it with precisely the satae measure of authority
which they themselves possess. If that is so,
it is becausc the Constitution says so. But the
Constitution does not say so. There is no line
or letter of the Constitution that I know of
which maintains that proposition j and I can
imagine no conceivable reasons which the
makers of the Constitution had for putting any
such provision in it.
Tho Constitution was made by thirteen States.
The office of the Constitution was to make par-
tit ions of supreme powers betiveen the govern-
ments of those thirteen States and a new Gov-
ernment to be manufactured under that instru-
ment. That was its office, livery power del-
egated to the new Government was a power
of which these several States divested them-
selves. Under those circumstances it was hoi,
unnatural that they should give grudgingly;
that they should give nothing except that tiie
giving of which would in their judgment pro-
mote their own welfare. But every power
which they delegated to the Federal Govern-
ment they delegated to agents of their own.
Every tribunal which was created by this fund-
amental law, this Constitution, was a tribunal
in which each one of these States was still to
have a determined, fixed voice. Congress
itself was but the voice of those thirteen States.
It was the thirteen States in council.
But, Mr. President, ifthose States gave power
grudgingly to their own agents, to agents who
wore to be always under and subject to their
control, is it not a little absurd tosuppose that
they should demanfl that this sameagentshould
give lavishly to stranger^, to tribunals which
should exert all power imparted to them inde-
pendently of them ? As I said befpte, those
tribunals which exert the power delegated by
the Stales to the Federal Government are tri-
bunals created by the'States, but the tribunals
