5444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IX,
aid and comfort to the enemy, as I remarked
before, if taking authority to recruit and being
on the way to enlist soldiers for the rebel army
was not giving aid and comfort to the enemy,
if the House shall come to the conclusion that
was not giving aid and comfort to the enemy,
then I am at a loss to define what shall be con-
sideredas givingaid and comfort to the enemy.
If no one had taken oat authority to recruit
rebel soldiers, and if no one had recruited rebel
soldiers, there would never have been any rebel
army to cause such destruction of life and_ prop-
erty. But, sir, it is not necessary to join the
rebel army to give aid and comfort to the enemy.
It is not necessary to do anything of that sort
to constitute the crime of giving aid and com-
fort to the enemy. A mau may merely be pres-
ent, and his presence may be of such a char-
acter as to give aid and comfort to the enemy.
Here the proof shows that when the rebel army
was driven out of Kentucky by the Federal
force under General Garfield and others Mr.
Rice went out in advance and, in the language
of one of the witnesses, he was such a mau of
influence in the country that by going himself
he encouraged others to go along into the rebel
army, fleeing, as it was said, from the Federal
persecution of Lincoln and his hordes.
There is one witness, Mr. Thornberry, who
testifies that Mr. Rice told him the same thing ;
that is, when he was captured that he had
authority to recruit for the rebel army, and
was on his way to recruit. An effort is made
to destroy his testimony, and I believe that an
indictment in the circuit court has been copied
in this record in order to show that Thorn-
berry was guilty of perjury. What has be-
come of that indictment? We have had tes-
timony that it has been pending in that court.
But what has become of it? In the language
of one of the witnesses it was still pending.
There is no evidence before the committee
that Thornberry has ever been tried on that
indictment. You will see from the testimony
that Thornberry is not only sustained, but in
the language of one of the witnesses he is an
honest and industrious citizen. He was one of
the parties who assisted in the capture of Mr.
Rice, and Mr. Rice told him that he had this
authority to recruit soldiers for the rebel army.
But suppose you destroy his testimony, sup-
poseyou wipeitoutoftherecord, what becomes
of Colonel Dils's testimony? If Mr. Rice told
him the truth, then it is not necessary to investi-
gate this case any further. If Colonel Dils
committed perjury, if Major Thornberry com-
mitted perjury, then there is nothing against
Mr. Rice in this case, and ho ought to retain
his seat. But an effort is also made to show
that Colonel Dils could not have made a truth-
ful statement. It is said that General Marshall
did not commission officers of that grade. At
any rate there is the proof that he alleged that
he had this authority to recruit soldiers for the
rebel army. We all know thatno person could
recruit for the Federal Or rebel army without
authority of some character. It could not have
been verbal—it must have been written, because
Mr. Rice said he destroyed it.
It is true that Mr. Iiice refused to take a
captaincy when Marshall first organized his
forces in Kentucky. He was offered a com-
mand, but refused it. After he was driven out
of his own State, after he had come into Vir-
ginia and the Army was goitigback, his enthu-
siasm increased, and he received authority to
recruit for the confederate army.
In reference to the fact of Mr. Rice's being
armed, while there is some conflict it seems to
be pretty clear according to the evidence that
he was armed during this time. He was armed
when he was captured ; but that is not strange,
as everybody in that State as well as in my own
was armed at that time. But they do show
that Mr. Rice kept out of the way of the Union
Army; that he came within the lines of the
rebel army; that when it came out of Ken-
tucky he went in advance of it; that when it
went back he went behind it with authority to
recruit a company for the rebel service, and
that he had that authority when he was cap-
tured. If these are the facts, then the case is
made out; if they are not, then Mr. Rice is
entitled to his seat.
Mr. BJTRR. Mr. Speaker, I shall hold the
floor myself but a very few minutes in talking
about this case. I shall endeavor to give the
facts, the very facts as they appear on the
record. I shall"
" Nothing extenuate,
Nor set down aught in malice."
There is no personal collision in the case
about rival claims to the seat, the only question
being, shall Mr. Rice retain the seat, or shall it
be vacated ? The testimony of Colonel Dils and
of Mr. Thornberry has been rehearsed. I call
the attention of the House to the testimony of
those two men as showii in the record, and I
wish gentlemen who may doubt the correctness
of my statements to look to the record for them-
selves. Thornberry was of the party who cap-
tured Rice and took him to the headquarters
of General Garfield, then in cominaud. His
statement is that while on the way to the camp
of General Garfield Mr. Rice told him that
he had already accepted a commission in the
rebel army. Now, as meeting that point,
Judge Butler has forgotten to say that the tes-
timony shows—that itisshown by the testimony
of rebel officers who have worked up their way
from the ranks to the position of colonel—that
no commissions were issued in the rebel army
for ranks below that of colonel. Therefore
Mr. Rice was not posted, or else Thornberry
forgot and was in error in putting these words
in the statement. This leads me to recall the
attention of the House to the statement of law
writers when they say that the testimony of
witnesses pretending to relate or rehearse con-
versations which took place years gone by is
the most uncertain and weakest class of testi-
mony.
But the testimony of Colonel Dils is at vari-
ance with that of Thornberry. Thornberry
says that Mr. Rice admitted that he was a rebel
officer, that he made no concealment of it, and
that this statement preceded his presentation
at the camp of General Garfield ; while Col-
onel Dils says that Mr. Rice told him in 18G2,
long afterward, that it was a great secret, and
that it was lucky for him that the boys did not
search him; that if they had searched him
they might have found his commission in his
pocket, and that it was fortunate for him that
they did not search him. The one makes him
openly avow that ho was a rebel officer, and
claim exemption from confinement in jail on
thataccount; while the other makes him make
a great secret of the matter, congratulating
himself on the fact that no search was made.
Compare those two statements and see if one
does not destroy the other.
But what is the value of the testimony of
Thornberry ? He may be an industrious, hard-
working man. But a "cloud of witnesses,"
personally well acquainted with him and know-
ing his reputation, state that he is a man not
entitled to be believed under oath: that his
credibility is not good. And two of the wit-
nesses state that he was unfriendly to Mr. Rice.
Now, I do-not want to comment at all upon
this testimony. I want merely to present it
as nearly as possible in the words of the wit-
nesses.
Mr. Pigg figures in the evidence, and I sup-
pose his testimony will be referred to in t.he
summing up by those who wish to unseat Mr.
Rice. His statement is that when Mr. Rice
was on his way to Frankfort he said he was
going there to divide the Union, that he in-
tended to split her wide open in the middle ;
and the witness says that that was his vote
every time. He states who were by, naming
two persons, and both of them state that no
such conversation ever took place in their pres-
ence or within their recollection at any time,
and especially that it did not take place at the
time and place indicated. And further, there
was an array of witnesses to prove that the
men who made these charges against Mr. Rice
had threatened to do him all the harm they
could.
Now, that is the strength of the case against
Mr. Rice. I will proceed to state as rapidly
as possible some of the facts which are pre-
sented as a set-off or to controvert this testi-
mony. Bear in mind that he is charged with
cooperating with rebel forces. It is said by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Botler] that
Mr. Rice, whentheTJnion Army would advance
he would retire and keep within the rebel line,
and that as the rebel army would advance he
would advance, so as . to be within their lines
and within control of the rebel forces at that
time. He tells us that when General Garfield
drove Humphrey Marshall out of Kentucky
Mr. Rice went behind the retreating army. He
forgot to tell you that the testimony shows_ that
when Mr. Rice did that he went on.business
to collect moneys due him, and while in Vir-
ginia he received information from his wife
that he would meet with a great deal of per-
sonal difficulty there, on account of bitterness
of feeling between citizens and soldiers, and
was advised not to return. Acting on this in-
formation ho did not immediately return, but
remained ill Virginia until information from
home that the bitterness of feeling was allayed
induced him to return. If gentlemen think this
a cowardly course I refer them to General Gar-
field's testimony, showing the wisdom of his
course.
Again, sir, the majority say "all the testi-
mony proves that he was a secessionist." In
view of this, permit me to state a factshown in
the record. At Preston burg, in his vicinity, a
number of men were organizing companies for
a rebel regiment. Some officers visited Rice,
offering him command ; but after hearing their
offers he absolutely refused to join the rebel
forces, and as the result of that refusal those
companies disbanded and went home, although
they'were sufficient in numbers to have formed
a regiment, saying that if John M. Rice would
not identify himself with the rebellion they
would not, and they went home because he
refused to have auything to do with them.
And the record further shows that many of
these same men kept out of the rebel army by
the refusal of Rice to command them, after-
ward joined the Federal Army, and fought
through the war. Thus his influence on that
one occasion weakened the enemy to the ex-
tent of a regiment, Call you this "givingaid
and comfort to the enemies of his country?"
The battle between General Garfield and
General Humphrey Marshall occurred in Jan-
uary, 1862, and it was in the November pre-
ceding that the men went home, because Mr.
Rice would not accept the command of a regi-
ment. Whatfurther? In the month of Decem-
ber, only one or two weeks preceding the battle
between General Garfield and Humphrey
Marshall, Rice had a conversation with Hum-
phrey Marshall, who offered him a position on
his staff in the rebel service, trying to arouse
his family pride on the side of the rebellion,
and using all the influence he could bring to
bear in the case ; but he refused to have any-
thing to do with the rebellion, and was consid-
ered inimical to the rebel cause. That is the
testimony of men chief in position in the rebel
forces, and who desired to enlist Rice in the
confederate service, but failed to do so.
This testimony of Humphrey Marshall is sus-
tained by that of General Hager, who was
present when this attempt was made by several
others, and among them Colonel Diamond,
commanding a rebel regiment, who states that
the soldiers under his command, many of them
Rice's acquaintances, were unfriendly to Rice
because they deemed him opposed to their
cause.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it has been suggested
that it is not necessary that he should actually
have joined the rebel forces in order to give
aid and comfort to the rebellion; but I suggest
