3556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
the whole expense on the city, and they are
willing to assume it.
These are some of the bills. Now, I'ask
for the District that the Senate will assign two
days to its business; and in those two days I
think we can dispose of that which is most
material. I have named the last Friday and
Saturday of this month. I hope the Senate
will grant those days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will be done.
There are one or two bills reported by the
Judiciary Committee in regard to the courts
of the District of Columbia that ought to be
considered. I hope the motion of the Senator
from Maine will prevail.
Mr. POMEROY. The same remark may
b« made in regard to the business of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, who have notified us time
and again that they wnnt several days for their
business. I have drawn the resolution with a
view of meeting all these cases in conformity
with our rules. If the Senator from Maine
desires to consider the bills of the Committee
on the District of Columbia he has only to
move to pass over the bills on the Calendar as
they come up until his bills are reached. Then
I have provided further that on Friday of every
week—and Saturday can be included if we con-
clude to meet on Saturday—nothing shall be
proceeded with except what can be proceeded
with by unanimous consent. I think the res-
olution as I have drawn it will accommodate
other committees and the District Committee
too. I want to serve the Committee on the
District of Columbia and also several other
committees.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur with the Senator,
only that I think he ought to see that the Dis-
trict business stands a little different from gen-
eral business. I will most cheerfully vote for
liis resolution applying to the general busi-
ness ; but on some of these matters there cer-
tainly will be debate, and therefore I propose
to ask special days for the District business.
I think two days for the District is a very lim-
ited period; and I will not believe that the
Senate will not give it until I see a refusal by
its vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Maine to mean
the entire day or only after the morning hour?
Mr. HAM-LIN. The entire day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Excluding the
morning business?
Mr. HAMLIN. I am willing to say "after
the morning business is gone through with."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will then be
subject only to the unfinished business of the
preceding day, which can be passed over with-
out debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. No ; I want the entire two
days. I am willing, however, that the morning
business shall be gone through with each day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The objection to this res-
olution in my mind is not that I do not wish
to reach the business my friend from Maine
speaks of, which is important and ought to be
reached, but we have found by experience
that when we set apart a given day for an ex-
clusive kind of business that comes from any
one committee, gentlemen, generally those not
on that committee, do not give it the attention
which it deserves. It is bo as to the Commit-
tee on Pensions, the Committee on Claims,
the Committee on Patents, the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and other commit-
tees for whose business we have set apart
special days heretofore. Other Senators,
knowing that business in which they have no
special public interest will come up, do not
give the legislation considered that attention
it ought to have. It is, therefore, in my opin-
ion, very objectionable to set apart any day to
consider any one class of business. I am
ready to go with the Senator from Maine, im-
mediately after one or two measures of prime
importance are passed, to take np the two
important bills that he speaks of and dispose
of them in the regular way, when we are all
here, and then in the time we have left let us
take up something else; but I think it is very
wron," indeed to set apart a particular day to
con sider the business of a particular committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. It has always been the prac-
tice. !
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a very bad one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution offered by the
Senator from Maine.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I wish to inquire whether next
Friday is included in that resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. It
refers to the last Friday and Saturday of this !
month.
Mr. NYE. I have no objection to that.
proposed evening sessions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary i
will now report the next resolution on the
Calendar, offered by the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Pomeroy] yesterday.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
liesolved, That from and after the 20th day of this
month, and until tho close of the present session,
there shall be, unless the Senate otherwise order,
three evening sessions, to commence at hal f past seven
o'clock p. m., upon alternate evenings of each week, at
which sessions the Calendar ofeeneral orders shall be
proceeded with in tho order of their place upon the
Calendar. And on Friday of each week the Calendar
shall be proceeded with by considering only the bills I
and joint resolutions to which no objection may be |
made; and such objection, if made, shall have the \
effect to pass the bill or resolution over, and shall j
be enforced without debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not believe in the
adoption of that resolution. How can we tell
whether we want to come here three nights in
a week? And if we do it is very easy to make
that arrangement during the day. I think that
feature of it is objectionable.
Then I think we have had enough ®f this
calling over of the Calendar to pass bills to
which nobody objects. The result of such an
order before was that we passed a great many
bills of a private.character, generally of very
little public importance, and the great meas-
ures of the session are all left behind.
Then there is another objection to that mode
! of proceeding. When you call the Calendar
and a bill is to be passed, unless somebody
objects, it imposes upon Senators a very un-
pleasant duty to sit here and object to bills
which other Senators feel an interest in, and
yet which some of the body may think ought
not to pass. I know the effect of that is that
a good many bills are passed without consid-
eration, because Senators do not want to put
: themselves in the position of passing them
over by a single objection. I have seen bills
passed in that way, and every Senator who
watched our proceedings taust have observed
it. We have gone over this Calendar once in
that way—a thing that was never done b«fore
since I have been a member of the body—and
I think we consumed time enough in that kind
of legislation. It is time, in my judgment,
that the Senate devoted itself to the great
measures of the session. Let us dispose of
those measures which will compel us to remain
here until they are disposed of, and the bills to
which there is no objection can be taken up at
incidental and odd times, when they will not
interfere with other business, and as many of
them will pass as probably ought to pass before
: the time of adjournment arrives. For my own
part, I think it would be bad policy to again
. proceed with calling the Calendar in order to
■ pass bills to which there is no objection.
This resolution is also inconsistent with the
resolution which we have just passed. I call
the attention of the Senator from Maine to the
fact that this resolution will repeal his resolu-
tion, because on Friday of each wfcek the Cal-
endar is to be proceeded with by considering
only bills and joint resolutions to which no
objection shall be made. I think we had better
1 not adopt this resolution. If we find it desir-
; able to sit to-night or to-morrow night, or any
i other night, we ca& so order.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a session ordered
for to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am told a session is
ordered for to-night. We can do it any day.
I think we had better fix the holding of an
evening session with reference to our business
at the time and observe the good scriptural
doctrine, or if it is not in scripture it is found
somewhere else, " Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof." [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will modify his resolution so as to omit
the last clause of it. I think we ought to have
at least three evening sessions a week for the
purpose of transacting business. I concur with
the Senator from Illinois as to the effect of
this mode of passing bills by common consent.
I objected to no man's bill during the whole
of that proceeding ; but every bill that I tried
to take up was objected to. It did not seem
to be unpleasant on the part of other Senators
to object to those bills. I admit that it is em-
barrassing for a Senator to throw a bill over by
his single objection.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I suggest to my friend,
if he will allow me, that he had better propose
to take up some unobjected bills hereafter, and
then no objection will be made. If he proposes
to take up a proper bill there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. I think I did.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought I was recognized
by the Chair.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nized the Senator from Kansas, but the Sen-
ator from Nevada went on without addressing
the Chair. The Senator from Kansas now
claims the floor. •
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will allow me to make a suggestion in
reply to the Senator from New York. He
ought to qualify himself to become a proper
judge of what bills should pass, and give some
little attention to them so that he may do so,
and not get up and make suggestions about
bills, as was done by several Senators here
yesterday, admitting that they had not read
them.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think I did that.
Mr. STEWART. No ; you were not guilty
of that.
Mr. POMEROY. In replying for a moment
to the remarks of the Senator from Illinois, I
desire to say that the Senate must be aware
that on the 20th of this month we are to decide
the question of final adjournment. Those who
do not want any time fixed, and do not want to
adjourn, can very well postpone the consider-
ation of any measure or defer adopting any
system by which we shall reach the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there anybody here
of that character?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that there
is anybody in the Senate of that character;
but I cannot conceive how Senators who desire
to complete the business and adjourn on the
4th of July, the time fixed by the House, can
resist a proposition to proceed with the Cal-
endar in its order. I do not care anything
about that portion of the resolution which fixes
Friday of each week for the consideration of
unobjected bills. If the Seuator desires that
part of the resolution to be stricken out, I will
agree to it. We have adopteda rule by which
we can proceed with the Calendar in its order.
We acted upon it once, and I do not know
that that was an unprofitable proceeding. We
went through the Calendar, attending only to
those bills and resolutions which could be pro-
ceeded with without objection.
But now we propose under the rules of the
Senate to take up the Calendar and proceed
with it. During the day wc have before us
appropriation bills; we have a bill to enforce
the fifteenth amendment; we have bills of
such general commanding public character
that no ordinary bill upon the Calendar can
be proceeded with against them; and there-
