1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LQ.BS,
which exert the power that Congress confers
upon a new State are independent of the ex-
isting States, are independent of Congress, are
independent of all the national authorities.
It seems to me very strange that any one
conceding that the national -Government was
not obliged to give any power to any com-
munity outside of the original thirteen States
should stillingist that if they did give any power
they must give just as much power as each of
those States possessed. Before 1 should come
to that conclusion I should want to find some
very explicit declaration in the Constitution
supporting it. But, as I have before said, when
I look for such a declaration I cannot find it.
On the contrary, I find the most conclusive
evidence that the men,who made the Constitu-
tion did not mean to put any such provision
in it.
Mr. President, this authority which you find
in the Constitution vested in Congress to admit
new States in the Union was not given at all
without considerable hesitation. There was a
party in that Convention disinclined to allow
such admission at all. Others proposed that
two thirds of both Houses should concur before
a new State was admitted into the Union. The
committee of detail on the plan of the Consti-
tution when they reported to that Convention
presented this clause which lam about toxead
as the result of their deliberation upon this par-
ticular point: , . , .
"Abt.17. Now States lawfullyconstituted estab.-
lislied within the limits of the United, States may be
admitted by the Legislature into this Government,
bur, to such admission the consent of two" thirds of
tiio members present iii eaoh House shall be neces-
sary. It a new State shall arise within the limits of
any of the present States the consent of the Legisla-
tures of such States shall be also necessary to its ad-
mission. If the admission be consented to the new
Btates shall be admitted on the same terms with the
original States. But the Legislature may mako con-
ditions with the new States concerning the public
debt which shall be then subsisting."
In August following, this seventeenth article,
which I have just read to you, was taken up for
consideration:
"Mr. qoirvernecr Mokeis moved to strike out
the two last sentences, to wit;
" 'If the admission be consented to the new States
shall be admitted on the same ttffms as the original
States. But the Legislature may make conditions
with the new States concerning the public debt which
hall be then subsisting.'
"He did not wish to bind down the Legislature to
admit western States on the terms here stated."
Terms of equality.
"Mr. Madison opposed the motion, insisting that
the western States neither would nor ought to sub-
mit to a union which degraded them from an equal
rank with the other States.
" Colonel Mason. If it were possible by just means
to prevent emigrations to the western country it
might be good policy; but go the people will, as they
jind it for tiicir interest."
He was a prophet, but not a statesman. He
knew what thepeople would do evidently ; but
he did not understand so clearly what it was
for .their interest to do:
"And the best policy, is to treat them with that
equality which will make them friends, not ene-
mies.
"Mr. GouvbeneOk Moreis did not mean to dis-
courage the. growth of the western country. He
knew that to be impossible. He,did not wish, how-
ever, to throw the power into their hands.
"Mr. Sherman was against the motion, and for
fain!? an en'iality of privileges by the Constitution.
" Mr. Langdon was in favor of the motion. He
did not know but circumstances might arise which
would render it inconvenient to admit new States
on terms of equality."
He snuffed the future, and anticipated what
it might possibly unfold.1
"Mr. Williamson was for leaving the Legislature
free. Tho existing small States enjoy an equality
now, and for that reason are admitted to it in the
Senate. This reason isnotapplicable to now western
fct'onMr, Gouverneur Morris's motion for striking
"New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, I<ortb Car-
olina, South Carolina, Georgia, ay—9. Maryland,
Virginia, no—2."
Nine States declared that they wished to
have the Congress free, to admit Slates upon
such terms as they pleased, and two States
&lo&@ voted to compel Congress to admit them
upon terms of equality. Bight upon the heels
of that vote the same, gentleman,
"Mr. Mokeis, moved the following proposition as
a substitute for the seventeenth article:
"New States may be admitted by the Legislature
into the Union;"—
Just as your provision stands now with the
exception that "Legislature" is used instead
of " Congress"—
"hut no new State shall bo erected within the lim-
its of any of the present States without the consent
of the Legislature of said State as well as of tho Gen-
eral Legislature."
Just as your, provision stands now with the
exception that " Legislature" is employed in-
stead of Congress. On the question of agree-
ing to the first clause, to wit, that " new States
maybe admitted by the Legislature into the
Union,'' it was agreed to nemine contradicenle;
everybody agreeing, everybody acquiescing in
the propriety of leaving the Legislature free
to admit the States upon just such oondittons
as they pleased. And I repeat again, there i3
nowhere found any limitation upon that power.
The power of Congress to admit new States
seems to me as ample, as unqualified, as unre-
stricted, as the power of Congress to lay taxes;
and I can conceive of no more reason why you
should hold that when you admit a new State
you must admit just such a Stale as you ad-
mitted the last time than that when you lay
taxes for this year you shall levy just such taxes
as you levied last year. -,
-Mr. President, I not only find that these
restrictions upon our power are not contained
in the Constitution of the United States, were
not contemplated by those who made the Con-
stitution of the United States, but 1 find that
this power to impose fundamental conditions
has been habitually exerted from the founda-
tions of this Government to this time. The
very generation which framed this Constitu-
tion and adopted it, in the very year while they
were framing the Constitution, enacted a law
for the government of the territory northwest
of the Uhio river, and in that law, in that act
of Congress, they used this language;
"It is hereby ordained and declared by the au-
thority aforesaid
The authority of Congress—
" that the following artioles shall be considered as
articles of compact between the original States and
the people and States in the said territory, and for-
ever remain unalterable, unless by common con-
sent."
And then thero follow several articles, and
among others is this:
"That there shall bo neither slavery nor involun-
tary servitude m said territory otherwise than in
punishment of orimo, whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted."
That was not a Congress sitting under the
Constitution, but that was a Congress sitting
while they knew a Constitution was being
framed, and a Congress which knew that this
territory was to be organized into new States.
It must have had a general idea as to what
would be the power possessed by the Congress
over that territory, .and clearly had the idea
that by putting this language into the law and
imposing it as a condition upon the admission
of States they could hold the States to an
observance of that command. They certainly
did not propose to set that command up as an
empty edict. They certainly did not mean to
declare that these articles should be a law for-
ever over the people who might inhabit that
territory or those States, if the moment those
States were admitted they were to have the
power to repeal that provision. Only a few
years after this Constitution was adopted, among
the first States which were admitted into the
Union under this clause of the Constitution
which I have read was the State,of Ohio. The
fifth section of the act admitting Ohio reenacts
this ordinance, this prohibition against slavery.
Every one of the original States at that time
had the power of making slaves of men if they
chose to .do it. Almost the whole of them did
make slaves of men. Ohio was about to be
admitted, tho first one of the States which were
formed out of that territoiy,, for the govern-
ment of which this'ordinance.was ena^todj'And ■
Congress said to Ohio: ,
"That the members, of the convention thus duly
elected bo, and they aje hereby, authorized to meet
at Chillicothe on the first Monday in November next;
which convention, when met, shall liret determiuo
by a majority of, the whole number elected whether
it bo or be not expedient at that time to form a con-
stitution and Stato government for tho peoplo withi n
tho said territory, and if it bo determined to be
expedient, the convention shall he, and hereby are,
authorised to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, or if it be deemed more expedient, the said
convention shall provide by ordinance for eleeting
representatives to form a constitution or framo of ■
government; which said representatives shall bo
chosen in such manner, and in such proportion, and
shall meet at Bueh timo and place as shall be pre-
scribed by tliosaid ordiuance, and shall form for tho
peoplo of tho said State a constitution and Stato gov-
ernment; provided tho same shall be republican and
not repugnant to tho ordinanoo of the lbtli of J uly,
1787, between tho original States and tho people and
States of the territory northwest of the river Ohio."
In other words, they said to Ohio, " Your
constitution must not be repugnant to that
ordinanceand that ordinance says there shall
bo no slavery within the limits of Ohio. Now
1 put this question to Senators, " Could Ohio
have legalized slavery within her borders alter
she was admitted ? " If not, she was restricted
by a fundamental condition. If she could,
then the Congress of 1802 mistook their con-
stitutional authority as much as the Congress
of 1870. , ,
But they imposed another fundamental con-
dition upon the admission of Ohio, indeed,
several of them; I will only read you one.
Here are certain terms offered to Ohio, certain
special privileges offered to Ohio, and thero is
this proviso with which the act winds up :
"That the three foregoing propositions herein
offered are on the condition's chat the convention of
tho said State shall provide, by an ordinance irrev-
ocable, without the consent of tho United States,
that every and each tract ol land sold by Congress,
from and after the 00th day of J une next, shall bo
and remain exempt from any tax laid bv order or
under authority of tho Stato, whether lor Stato,
county, township, or any other puipobo whatever,
for the torm ot live years from and after the day 01
sale."
There was a fundamental condition imposed
upon the admission of Ohio that she should
not tax the property of individuals within her
limits for five years after they became possessed
of the property. True, Mr. President, that is
put in the form of a compact; but that is only
another form of exerting the same power.
And when Louisiana was admitted in 1812
this same fundamental condition was put upoa
Louisiana, and put in the form of a funda-
mental condition; and put without any com-
pensation or equivalent whatever. That is my
recollection of that statute. Could Ohio and
Louisiana have taxed those lands in defiance
of that prohibition? If not, they were not the
equals in authority of the other States. If
they could, the Congress of 1811 violated the
Constitution.
Mr. President, I will read in this connection
the condition imposed upon the State of Mis-
souri when she was admitted into the Union:
" That Missouri shall bo admitted into this Union
on an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatever upon the fundamental condition
that the fourth clauso of the tvveaty-sixth section
of tho third article of the constitution submitted on
tho part of said State to Congress shall neverbeoon-
strued to authorize the passage of any law, ana that
no law shall bo passed in conformity thereto, by
which any citizen of cither of tho btatcs in this
Union shall be excluded from the enjoyment of any
of tho privileges and immunities to which sueh cit-
izen is entitled under the Constitution oftheunjted
States: Provided, That tho Legislature of the said
State, by a solemn public act, shall deolaretheassent
of tho said State to the said fundamental condition.
There is a fundamental condition imposed
or attempted to be imposed upon the admis-
sion of Missouri, for the express purpose of con-
trolling the action and effect of the constitution
of Missouri.
Mr. President, I will relieve the Senate from
the necessity of listening to the recital of any
more instances of the exercise or employment
of this power to impose fundamental condi-
tions upon the admission of a State. Let any
one read the twenty-odd statutes by which as
