1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3557
fore, if Senators desire to proceed with the
Calendar, we must have between this and the
4th of July several evening sessions. And let
me say further that the matter is not placed
beyond the control of the Senate. The lan-
guage of the resolution is, " unless the Senate
otherwise order." If on any particular even-
ing it is not convenient for Senators to come
here, they can " otherwise order" at anytime.
But the resolution provides that unless they
do otherwise order by special vote we shall
have three evening sessions a week ; and we
ought to have them, and we ought to adjourn
at the time fixed, and not at the expense of
the public business. It is our duty, whether
we like it or not, to stay here until the public
business is disposed of; and I can see no other
way of disposing of it than by working day and
night, if need be, at least three evenings in the
week. I suggest to the Senator from Nevada
and the Senator from Maine that I will amend
the resolution by striking out the last clause,
so as to say nothing about the Friday of each
week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas modifies his resolution by striking out
the last sentence, in regard to Friday of each
Mr. POMEROY. Then it will read that
after the 20th of this month there shall be three
eveuing sessions a week, unless the Senate
otherwise order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was in hopes that the
Senator would not strike out that last clause of
the order. I think that is very important. The
Senator from Illinois is mistaken, I apprehend,
in saying that when we went through the Cal-
endar, taking up, not those cases objected to,
but those cases that did not lead to any con-
siderable debate, only private bills were passed.
Some bills ofvery great importance were passed.
A bill making commercial regulations affecting
every vessel and every steamboat in this coun-
try was passed. A general incorporation act
for the District of Columbia was passed. That
will take twenty or thirty bills from our Calen-
dar. A great many other acts of public import-
ance were passed, although they were not of
such overshadowing importance as to crowd
other business out of the way.
Now, when we appoint a special day or a
special evening to attend to business from one
committee, the consequence is that only the
Senators on that committee or those interested
in that class of business are certain to attend;
but when we take up the whole Calendar in its
order, then every Senator attends, because he
does not know how soon business in which he
is interested may come up. The result is to
secure for every bill that comes before the Sen-
ate the consideration and attention of the entire
Senate, instead of the consideration only of
those who have studied the subject perhaps in
one particular view. I hope the Senator will
insist on the whole of his order, and then if
the latter part of it fails he can offer the other
part.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He has stricken that out.
The Senator can move to amend it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas has modified his resolution; but
the Senator from Rhode Island can move to
amend it by adding the last clause which has
been stricken out.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the assent of the
Senator I will do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas has modified his resolution by
striking out the last sentence; but the Senator
from Rhode Island moves to amend by adding
the words in the printed text, that the Calen-
dar shall be called over on Friday of each week
in the manner stated. The first question is on
the amendment, which will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add the following words:
And on Friday of each week the Calendar shall
be proceeded with by considering only the bills and
joiotresolutions to which no objection may be made;
and such objection, if made, shall have the effect to
pass the bill or resolution over, and shall be enforced
without debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is the precise ques-
tion now before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is upon agree-
ing to this amendment, which is the last sen-
tence in the printed text. The Senator from
Kansas modified the resolution by omitting
this sentence, and the Senator from Rhode
Island has now moved to amend the resolution
by adding it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will modify the amend-
ment so as to meet the views of the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. If it is modified so that it
shall not affect the resolution passed this morn-
ing I shall have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Rhode Island modifies the amendment by in-
serting the words "except the last Friday of
this month."
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir; that will do.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to express the hope
that the amendment offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island will prevail. I wish to
remark, in connection with what was said by
the Senator from Illinois in regard to the
objecting'to bills on the Calendar as we went
over it, that it is true a great many bills were
objected to and thus laid aside. In my judg-
ment the Senate was as well prepared to vote
on those bills at that time as it ever will
be; but Senators thought, perhaps, a bill ought
not to pass, and objected to it to accomplish
that purpose and prevent its passage. I was
ready to let those bills come to a vote, and
therefore I withheld any objection, believing,
as I have said, that the Senate could as well
dispose of them then, either by voting them
through or voting them down, as at any other
time. If the Senate would come to that con-
clusion, we could go through the Calendar and
dispose of all the bills upon it, except the ap-
propriation bills or some bills of very general
and public character and public importance,
like the one we are now discussing as the reg-
ular order. I wish we could have the oppor-
tunity of going through the Calendar again
with a view of disposing of the bills upon it,
not objecting for the sake of defeating the
passage of a bill, but letting it come to a vote
and taking the sense of the Senate upon it and
disposing of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on agreeing to the resolution, as amended.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have it
reported as it now stands.
The Secretary read as follows:
fieeokml. That from and after the 30th day of this
month, and until the close of the present session,
there shall be, unless the Senate otherwise order,
three eyeningsessions, to commence at half pastseven
o'clock p. m. (upon alternate «venings)of each week,
at which sessions the Calendar of general orders shall
be proceeded with in the order of their place upon
the Calendar. And on Friday of cach week, except
the last Friday of this month, the Calendar shall be
proceeded with by considering only the bills and joint
resolutions to which no objection maybe made; and
such objection, if made, shall have the effect to pass
the bill or resolution over, and shall be enforced
without debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will inquire
whether this resolution comes from any com-
mittee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was intro-
duced by the Senator from Kansas, a member
of the Committee on Rules, but f.he Chair
does not know whether it came from the com-
mittee or not.
Mr. POMEROY. It was not reported by
the committee. It had the concurrence of the
committee without any formal report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What com-
mittee ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Rules.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems to me
very questionable whether at this period of
the session the Senate can afford to adopt such
a rule as this for the order of business. The
Senator, I suppose, will agree that at so late a
day as this, with all the appropriation bills unfin-
ished, it i3 hardly proper to mortgage so large
a share of the time of the Senate to business
of a private character.
Mr. POMEROY. This resolution provides
for evening sessions, and does not interfere
with the business of the day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Evening sessions
will become a very essential part of the sessions
of the Senate, so late in the session as it is now
with all the appropriation bills behind. It
seems to me that the adoption of this resolution
will necessarily work very great inconvenience
to the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will permit
me to make one suggestion, I think he will be
satisfied. This resolution does not disturb the ap-
propriation bill at all, except on Friday, because
if an appropriation bill is pending or is on the
Calendar and is under consideration when we
adjourn in the afternoon it will be under con-
sideration when we meet in the evening, and
can be proceeded with day and night until we
get through. It is only on Friday that unob-
jected business is to be considered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But one objec-
tion would set an appropriation bill aside.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; only on Friday.
By the first part of the resolution it requires
a vote of the Senate, so that we are acting in
aid of the Committee on Appropriations by
providing for these evening sessions, for as fast
as an appropriation bill is reached we can stick
to it all the time until it is through.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like the decision
of the Chair on that point.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think the inter-
pretation of the Senator from Vermont is cor-
rect. I think if we set apart the evenings to
proceed with the Calendar the unfinished busi-
ness goes over until the next morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don. The unfinished business is part of the
Calendar of general orders, unless it is made a
special order, and if we take up an appropria-
tion bill it is just like a private bill, and if it is
on the Calendar of general orders in the after-
noon it will be exactly where we left it when
we meet in the evening, still a general order,
to be disposed of. There cannot be any two
questions about that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Practically, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations always
has the Senate when he wants it for appro-
priation bills. There will be no difficulty about
that at this stage of the session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I beg to say that
if that had been my experience I should be
most happy.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from
Maine will tell us that he wants an appropria-
tion bill considered he can have it considered.
When he gets up and says, if nobody objects
and the Senate is willing, he will go on with
the appropriation bill, and other Senators force
their bills, then the Senate will vote him down;
but whenever he tells us he must have an ap-
propriation bill considered he can always carry
the Senate with him. He never has failed to
do it. I do not think he was very anxious to
go on with the appropriation bill which was
laid aside the other day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If I have failed
in making myself understood as being in dead
earnest in urging the appropriation bills it is
only because I have not used language that
would hardly be decorous to the Senate. In
all other ways I have endeavored to make my-
self understood as being in dead earnest. My
experience does net encourage me to believe
that whenever I rise here I shall command the
attention of the Senate and they will give me
precedence for the appropriation bills. I do
not know that this resolution does hamper the
