1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
to wmark that be would give as only half an
hour to discuss the biil.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That was if we were
forced to go on with the bill now.
Mr. SWANN. I say that the gentleman
ought to give us three or four days to enable us
to establish the principle on which we §tand.
Mr. INGERSOLL. My remark was made
upon the ground that the House would compel
us to dispose of the bill summarily. I am
willing to multiply it by ten if the House is
willing to make the ^ill a special order and fix
a day for its consideration. I ask the Chair to
inform the House, if uot too much trouble, the
condition of pending special orders.
The SPEAKS 11. The special order after
the morning hour now pending in the House
is the hill for the reorganization of the Army
reported by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs. Next comes the special
order of the two bills reported by the gentle-
man from Maine from the Committee to Inquire
into the Cause of the Decay of American Com-
merce. On the 22d of March, alter the morn-
ing hoar, by the suspension of the rules, super-
seding all orders therewith interfering, the will
j'rom the Committee on the Territories relative
to polygamy in Utah will come up as a special
order. The two preceding special orders, the
military bill and the bills in relation to Ameri-
can commerce, will be subject, of course, to the
motion of the chairman of the Committee of
Waysaad Means to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
orders there. That motion will take precedence
on everyday except the 22d of March, in refer-
ence to which the House suspended all rules
in favor of the consideration of the Utah bill.
Mr. 'INGERSOLL. The House has the
right to make a similar order in reference to
this bill that was made in favor of the Utah
bilL
The SPEAKER. It may be done to-day by
unanimous consent; but in reference to the
Utah bill it was done on Monday under a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will take the sense of
the House on that proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will indi-
cate the day.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It will not take more
than one or two days.
Mr. SWANN. it will take more than that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. i will say the 28th of
March.
Mr. CLEVELAND. That will be Monday.
Say Tuesday, the 29th.
Mr. INGERSOLL. lamwillingtodothat;
that the bill now pending shall be made the
special order for Tuesday, the 29th of March,
after the morning hour, and from day to day
until disposed of, taking precedence of all other
orders and motions to go into the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to that, as it will
interfere with the tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. A single objection will
interfere with the arrangement. If it be made
a special order for the 29th alone there is no
certainty of its being reached on that day.
Mr. ALLISON. Will it be reached before
July?
The SPEAKER. On that point the-opinion
of the Chair is not worth more than that of
any other member.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let us go on and dispose
of the bill now.
The SPEAKER. The bill is in the morn-
ing hour, and must continue there till the very
end of the session unless the House orders
otherwise or disposes of it in some way.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move that the biil be
recommitted for a single purpose, that the
committee may report the names of all the
incorporators whose names have been used
without their consent. ♦
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield for that purpose?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Thegentleman makes a
suggestion which is not warranted by the facts,
and therefore I yield for no such purpose. I
will yield to gentlemen who have expressed
themselves desirous of offering amendments,
and in the first place to the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Swanx.]
Mr. SWANN. I move to amend by adding
the following:
And be it further enacted. That said road shall not
be constructed unless with tho consent of tho States
through which it posses.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I desire to make a
suggestion to the gentlemen from Illinois. This
bill, it seems to me, is not very unlike other
bills which have passed this House. I ques-
tion whether if we discuss it from now till July
we shall get much more light on it. I think
we had better go to work on it and dispose
of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am ready to go on.
I am willing that a vote should be taken on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Swann,] and that it should be
taken now. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was on agreeing
to Mr. Swans'*s amendment.
Mr. BROOKS of New York and Mr.
CLEVELAND demanded tiie yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 11G, not voting
55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Beck, Bird, James Brooks,
Burr, Cleveland. Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Fox,
Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hale,
llambleton, llamill, Harris, Hawkins, Hill, liolman,
Johnson, Thomas L.Jones. Kerr, Knott, Marshall,
JVlayham, McCormick, McNeely, Niblack, Potter,
Reading-, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sherrod, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles, Swann, Trimble, Twichell, Van
Auken, Voomees, Eugene M. Wilson, AVinohester,
Wood, and Woodward—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Awes, Arm-
| strong. ArneH, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Bea-
I man, Beatty, Bingham, Boies, Booker, Boyd, George
M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, BuffinUm, Bur chard,
; Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
\ Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
■ Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Davis, Dickey. Don-
ley, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkeinburg, Fisher,
: Hamilton,Hairley, Hay,Hays.Heaton, Heflin.Honr,
; Hoge, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapp, Laflin, Lash. Lawrence, McCarthy, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, McKonzie, Mercar, Milnes, Lliakim
H.Moore, JessoH. Moore, William Moore, Morphia,
Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill. Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps,
Fomeroy, Prosser, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
fleld. Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stougli-
ton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman,
Townsend, Tyner, Upson, Ward. Cadwalnder C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson.
Winans, and WitcLer—110.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Bailey,
Barnum, Benjamin. Bennett, Benton, Biggs, Blair,
Bowen, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Covode, Cullom,
Dawes, Dixon, Dockery,Duval, Dyer. Ela, Eldridge,
Fitch. Garfield, Gillillan, Hooper. Kelley, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch. Maynard, McKee, Morgan,
Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Perce, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Randall, Ridgway, Roots, San-ford,
Schumaker, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, Stevens, Stone,
Strader, Sweeney, Van Horn, Van Trump, Van
Wyek, and Wells—65.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over.
grant of lands.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the Indian appropriation bill, but
yield to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] for the introduction of a bill.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1404)_ granting
wild lands in the Territory of Wvoming to aid
in the construction of a railroad from a point
on the Union Pacific railroad at or near Church
Butte station, in said Territory, to the head-
waters of Smith's Fork, in the Uinta mount-
ains, and to secure to the Government free
transit for postal matter, troops, &c., over the
Eame; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
naturalization law.
Mr. DAVIS. I give notice that at the earliest
practicable moment I will report back from
the Committee on the Judiciary the bill to
establish a uniform system of naturalization,
and shall ask that it be put on its passage.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
the gentleman from California [Mr. Saugent]
| yielding further. I insist that he shall either
| yield the floor or go on with his bill.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Mercur in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the first special
order, being House bill No. 1169, making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 30th of June, 1871,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose last evening, they had under considera-
tion the following clause of the bill:
For interest on certain stocks and bonds belong-
ingto the Cherokee national fund, $18,602 86.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] had moved to strike out the last word.
Mr. MAYNARD. When the committee
rose last evening I had asked of the gentleman
who has charge of this bill some information
as to this clause. He stated that he would
inform himself particularly in regard to the
facts. I would be glad if he would be pleased
to make the statement publicly which he has
made to me privately.
Mr. SARGENT. Congress directed the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to enter the principal of
the abstracted bonds upon his books as a credit
to the Indian tribes who were the owners of
those bonds, and made an appropriation for the
interest that accrued for the year during which
they were abstracted. Congress has since then,
from time to time, made yearly appropriations
for the interest, and such appropriations are
reported in this bill. It was provided that if
those bonds are ever recovered they shall be
the property of the United States. The Gov-
ernment assumed to stand responsible, or as
the guarantor for the safe-keeping of those
bonds. They were abstracted from the cus-
tody of its own agents, and the Government
has from year to year paid the interest upon
them and is probably liable for the principal.
I suppose that is all the information the gen-
tleman desires.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. TAFFE. I offer thefolUwing amend-
ment, to come in after line ;feurteen hundred
and seven:
Provided, That none of the paynHM *aj rovided for
in this act shall be made an legs the ^ecretacr of the
Interior shall be satisfied, from the reports of the
agents and superintendents, that the tribes, bands;
-or individuals named, have observed the treaty
stipulations trader whioh «ueh payments have be-
come due,-and also the provisions of any other trea-
ties with the Government to which they may be
parties; or in case portions of aaid bands or tribes
have observed all of said obligations. pwJMOaW
shall be made pro rata.
If the gentleman who has charge ofthis bill
has no objection to that amendment, I have
nothing to say about it.
Mr. SARGENT. I prefer that the gentle-
man shall make his remarks.
Mr. TAFFE. There was a similar amend-
ment to this passed during the Fortieth Con-
gress in the Indian appropriation bill, and
also at the first session of this Congress. The
Committee on Appropriations have seen fit to
omit it in this bill. As I understand it now,
under this bill a whole tribe of Indiana will be
paid, although one half of the tribe may be
upon the war-path.
