2614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
many States have been admitted, and he will
be obliged to confess that if fundamental con-
ditions violate the Constitution very few Con-
gresses h&ve respected the Constitution.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
one more consideration. It isa necessary power,
in view of a great many exigencies which may
in a very few years arise; a power which is
especially necessary in view of one exigency
whieh confronts us now or will confront us in
the immediate future. You have among your
Territories that which you call Utah. They
have one most extraordinary institution there,
the institution of polygamy, to which that peo-
ple are especially wedded. What will yo-i do
with Utah? Keep them forever from the gov-
ernment of a State? Forever exert that su-
preme control over the people of Utah whieh
the national Government has over the people
of every Territory; or will you say that you
will keep them in that territorial condition no
longer than they consent to abandon the insti-
tution of polygamy? But will you, if they will
framo a constitution prohibiting polygamy, ad-
mit them to this Union, and tell them that as
soon as they are admitted they can repeal that
clause of the constitution and thereafter cherish
polygamy forever, in spite of the authority of
the nation ? Will you put voluntarily a con-
struction on the Constitution of the United
States which exposes you to the perpetration
of such frauds as that?
Mr. President, in conclusion upon this point,
if you insist that the Constitution prohibits the
imposition of conditions to the admission of a
State, I have to answer that there ia no such
provision found in the text of the Constitution.
The framers of the Constitution were not inter-
ested to put any such prohibition into its text.
They were interested against putting any such
provision into the text. They expressly re-
fused to put any such provision into the text
of the Constitution, and that power has been
habitually exercised by every generation which
has existed from the time the Constitution was
adopted down to this day, and it is a power
the necessity of which stares us right in the
face, let us look in whatever direction we may.
Mr. President, we are also accused of a dis-
regard of the Constitution in the requirements
of the reconstruction acts. I know I am going
over a twice-told tale ; but it has seemed to
me, in view of the debate that, has already
taken place here, that it was necessary to tell
the tale again in brief. The power exer.ed in
the reconstruction acts I admit was veiy dif-
ferent from the power whieh 1 have just been
contemplating. By this last power \r« attempt
to impose restrictions upon a State just enter-
ing the Union; but by the power exerted by
the reconstruction acts we abrogated every
power which Congress had conferred thereto-
fore by solemn law upon the States of Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and
Arkansas; and we did more than that, we ab-
rogated every power which the original States
of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
and Georgia refused to delegate to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
We did all this. We did it in accordance
with the Constitution, or in violation of it.
W as it the one or the other ? I have already
explained my view of the office of the Consti-
tution, that its office was to make partition of
power between the governments of the States
which made it and the Government of the
United States. I have reminded the Senate
that that same Constitution conferred upon
the national Government, to the exclusion of
the State governments, full, absolute, impe-
rial power upon all people and all districts
outside ot the limits of the States. 1 have
reminded the Senate that Congress was in turn
authorized by the Constitution to make parti-
tion o.f this sovereign power between the na-
tional Government and the government of new
States which they might from time to time
admit into the Union.
It hsv= i-.ippened very often since thio Consti-
tution was framed that great questions have
arisen as to whether a particular power was to
be found among the powers delegated to the
United States or was among the powers which
those thirteen States refused to delegate. All
those questions have been regarded as ques-
tions of the greatest importance. But in this
last decade two questions have arisen which in
solemnity transcend them all. The one ques-
tion is whether those powers which Cougress
from time to time has conferred upon the new
States were conferred absolutely, uncondition-
ally, irrepealably, or not; and the other, the
larger but still cognate question, is whether
those powers which the original States refused
to delegate to the national Government were
thereafter held by them beyond all possibility
of forfeiture or Federal reprisal. These ques-
tions were pressed home upon our considera-
tion and our decision. Happily the nation had
lived almost a century before these questions
arose. It is said Athens had lived much longer
before she was called upon to consider what
penalties should be visited upon a parricide;
but the time came to Athens when she must
determine the penalties that should be visited
u^onhimwholifted his handagainsthisfather's
life; and to us there camethe question in these
days what should be done to a great political
corporation which lifted its hand against the
life of the nation. The Republican party, in
view of its responsibilities to the Constitution,
of its responsibilities to the people, and of its
responsibilities to history, has met these ques-
tions and has decided them. I for one, what-
ever others may do, stand by the decision.
We said that powers so abused by a State should
be suspended, that States so guilty should die.
Now, Mr. President, I will not go at length
into the argument to sustain the correctness
of that decision upon the letter or the spirit of
the Constitution; but to those who deny its
correctness I have two remarks to make. The
first is this: that if it had been the sole pur-
pose of the Constitution to make a partition
of rights between these several governments I
myself should have been inclined to hold that
when a right was once conferred upon a State
it was conferred absolutely and irrevocably.
But that was not the only office of the Con-
stitution, because under the Constitution upon
every State to which aregiven rights are charged
duties also ; and one question I put to-day to
every Senator within the sound of my voice is
this: if a State does deliberately, willfully,
wickedly abjure all its duties under the Consti-
tution, do its rights under the Constitution
survive that abjuration? If you say no, then
I say you have abandoned all opposition to the
constitutional authority of the reconstruction
acts. If you say yes, then I venture to express
the opinion that there is no Senator on this
floor, not even the boldest of thein, who would
dare follow that decision to its legitimate and
inevitable consequences.
Mr. President, I will test that doctrinc, not
by supposing an extreme case, but by calling
your attention to a case which actually oc-
curred. When a State does that which South
Carolina did in 1861, deliberately abjure all
the authority of the Constitution, all allegiance
to it, declare her independence of the national
authority, raise an army to defend that inde-
pendence, do the rights of a State under the
Constitution remain to South Carolina V Let
Senators answer me. Was South Carolina still
entitled to the plainest right declared in the
Constitution as belonging to a State, the right
of representation in Congress, the right of
representation in the Electoral College ? If
there is any right whatever belonging under
the Constitution to a State it is these rights ;
but, after South Carolina had done all this, if
she chose Senators to come here were we bound
to coufeede her right to have them here ? Must
the Congress of the United States hold these
doors still open to the admission of her Sen-
ators? Either that must be your conclusion
or you must hold, as we held, that Congress—
the law-making power I mean when I speak of
Congress—had the right to declare that right
forfeited, and never to be enjoyed again until
it was restored by the law-making power. You
must take one or the other of these two posi-
tions, either hold that through the whole course
of the war each one of these rebelling Stites
had* just the same right to be represented in
each of these Houses that New York and
Massachusetts and Wisconsin and Michigan
had, or that Congress could take that right
from those States; and if Congress could take
that right from those States Congress could
take every other right from them. There is
no right guarantied to a State in any plainer
terms. I say Congress must take it from them,
because there is no other power in the Govern-
ment which can take it from them. The Army
cannot, the military power cannot, the Execu-
tive cannot. It is the law-making power which
must take it from them if they are deprived
of it at all. *
Mr. President, I think I will quit the defense,
and for a few moments I will try to enact the
character of a prosecutor. I have told the
Senate as clearly as I was able, and as can-
didly as I ever told anything, what I think of
the extent of our guilt and crime against the
Constitution. I now beg leave to summon the
Democratic party to the bar, and ask them if
they have always been faithful and true to the
Constitution of the United States. Once they
were in power; once they made laws. I re-
member one they enacted in 1850, a law for
the recapture and rendition of fugitives from
service, I think they called it. They found in
the Constitution a clause which declared that
such fugitives should not be released by their
escape, but should be given up, and they
assumed to hold that that meant that their
fugitives should be brought back, and they
enacted a law for the purpose of getting them
back. It was a very old offense of theirs, and
it would be very wrong in me to hold it up for
a great while, but I must allude to it in pass-
ing—a law which was not only an offense to
the fugitive, but was an offense to you and me,
which turned us all, not into slaves, but into
hounds to pursue slaves. We did not want to
do it; but the hand of the national authority
was laid upon us. Their command weut forth
that we must, underheavy penalties, help catch
and help return th^t escaped slave. If a horse
had escaped that would not have laid any such
duty on us. All we had to do if ahorse escaped
from a southern owner was to let him come
and get it and take it back. We ought, under
the Constitution, to have done as much as that
in reference to a fugitive from service; no
more than that.
It was barely possible that the catching of a
fugitive slave might involve the loss of life.
Catching even a horse sometimes is not a safe
business; perhaps catching a fugitive in those
times was quite as safe, and yet 1 speak a sen-
timent which is common to every man on this
floor when 1 say that if he had been a fugitive
he could not have been returned, no matter
what statute doomed him to the service, with-
out a loss of life. No matter what the danger
was we were commanded, you and I and all
of us were commanded to meet it. The Con-
stitution, we always thought, made some pro-
vision for a trial by jury; and under the pro-
tection of that clause of the Constitution we
always supposed that if a Kentuckian's horse
escaped into Ohio the Kentuckian could not
take him back without a trial of his right to
property before the courts of Ohio and before
a jury of Ohioans ; but if his negro escapcd
into Ohio there was no jury impaneled to try
the right to him. He was taken back at once
to be tried by a jury, if at all, of the Staie from
which he was alleged to have escaped.
Mr. President, 1 admit it is cruel to linger
long upon this somewhat antiquated wrong.
I speak of it as an instance. I come to a later
period of time. Just beforeithe Republican
party came into power, w.hi|e the Democratic
