4502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
widespread and general a public sentiment
could have existed; and yet I, or no other man
known to me, had knowledge of the fact until
we got back here to Washington and saw these
clouds of petitions floating in upon us, and all
coming in free of postage charges. The sud-
den and marvelous way in which these peti-
tions came in upon members of Congress and
Senators excited my astonishment. I questioned
its being a genuine expression of public sen-
timent, Tor 1 could not see how it could have
been so extensively conceived among my peo-
ple, and I never to know it, although mingling
freely with them.
But, sir, the mystery was soon explained.
One gentleman after another came to examine
the wording of the petitions, and they found a
coincidence of language throughout. They
were all in the same form precisely, without a
variation in the punctuation of a sentence or
the shape of a letter. The same type, the same
paper, all coming from deputy postmasters.
There was something very unaccountable in
this; and soon there came resolutions of in-
quiry, whence all this commotion arose. What
was the leading cause of this combined attack
upon Congress for this purpose? Resolutions
were proposed here, one by my honorable friend
from Vermont [Mr. Bdmujtds] and one by my-
self, objected to by some friend of the Post-
master General, to inquire whence these peti-
tions had their origin, and what was the basis
of the very serious charges contained in them.
We had at last a reply in the deliberate
report made by the Postmaster General, which
is before the Senate, lie declares himself to
be unable to answer the Senate and communi-
cate to them any of the facts upon which the
allegations of fraud and abuse in the exercise
of the franking privilege contained in these
petitions were founded. This report admits
nothing less than this ; he originated out of his
own mind, and with his own intent, and upon
his own sole authority, the charge that the
abuses of the franking privilege and fraud inci-
dent thereto had assumed such enormous pro-
portions that its total abolition had become a
necessity; that it loaded the mails with hun-
dreds of tons of matter properly chargeable
with postage, greatly increasing their weight
and bulk, and cost of transportation ; and in
many cases retarding the transmission and
delivery of legitimate correspondence. He
declared it to be a special privilege, the ben-
efits of which accrued to the favored few at the
expense of the many. He declared it to be the
fruitful cause of large deficiencies charged upon
the national Treasury for the support of the
Post Office Department, and that it had seri-
ously impaired the usefulness and efficiency
of the postal service in meeting the just expect-
ations and increasing wants of the people in
respect to reduced postage and enlarged mail
accommodations.
These were the very grave charges which
had their origin in certain facts unknown, and
up to this time undeclared, resting entirely
within the knowledge of a single officer of this
Government. I said that there were imputa-
tions contained in this petition; there were
charges which if true should have been in-
stantly investigated, and the parties found
guilty of the charges should have been pun-
ished ; or if not true, then such charges were
insolent, and should be repelled and rebuked.
It was for that reason that I asked that upon
the guilty should fall the proper punishment,
the condemnation of an intelligent people for
the violation of an official privilege. To those
resolutions there has been vouchsafed no reply
worthy of the name. There has been no excuse
even. There has been no substantial or proper
reason given by the officer at the head of the
Post Office Department of this Government
for what he has presumed to do. He has de-
clared that from the nature of the case it was
impossible for him to give precise information
upon the point. He declared that no amount
of labor or industry would enable the Depart-
ment to present the facts in detail as to the
frauds under cover of the franking privilege.
Although he was unable to give facts in detail,
yet he declared it to be notorious that frauds
had been perpetrated under cover of the frank-
ing privilege to an enormous extent.
Sir, it would seem to me that where a gen-
tleman was so without facts upon which to base
his charges the charges should have corre-
sponded, at least in their nature and extent,
with the amount of information that he pos-
sessed. If he was not able to prove in some
degree these grave charges he never should
have made them. It is discreditable in any
man to make loose, indefinite charges upon
any class of men, unless he has a justification
in fact and in morals for what he has done;
and when called upon as a public officer in tho
performance of his duty to make these charges
he should be able at all times to intrench
himself behind barriers of fact. Otherwise,
he must stand before the people as one who
has used his high official power for some per-
sonal end, or for some improper purpose,
rather than in the legitimate performance of
his official duty.
If he give charges in gross, why not let his
facts be in gross ? That would have been
sufficient. He could have given some sub-
stantiation for these general, indefinite charges.
I submit to the Senate that it was the duty of
an officer leveling such charges as these to
have something definite with which to sustain
them, or in default of that he must suffer rep-
robation.
The other day, in reading the Commentaries
of Judge Story on the Federal Constitution, a
passage met my eye the pertinence of which
to the matter we are now considering struck
me with great force. Touching the question
of powers of appointment and removal from
office vested in the President and heads of
Departments, he declares:
"In its own nature tho post office establishment is
susceptible of abuse tosuehanalarmingdegree" *
* * * and tho means of making it subser-
vient to mere State policy are so abundant, that the
only surprise is that it has not already awakened
public jealousy and been placed under more effectual
control.
"It may be said, without the slightest disparage-
ment of any officer who has presided over it, that if
ever the people are to be corrupted, or their liberties
arc to be prostrated, this establishment will furnish
the most facile means, and be the earliest employed
to accomplish such a purpose."
1 think we have had in this action of the
Postmaster General a fair realization of the
power of this single Department of the Gov-
ernment, the one to which I have referred, to
create a strong expression of a fictitious public
sentiment in an attempt to coerce Congress
into a measure, under the pretense that it was
a measure of reform widely demanded by the
popular voice. It is against that principle
that I am urged to-day more in opposition than
for aught else connected with this matter of
the franking privilege. It is a farce to term
this a "privilege" to any member of Congress
who is called upon to exercise it. If it is a
privilege, it is one word for us and^t is ten for
those who have the real advantage of it. The
labor and the expense imposed upon a mem-
ber of Congress, first, in purchasing speeches
for transmission to the country, and next, in
directing these multifarious and numerous doc-
uments which are printed by Congress for dis-
tribution, far exceed any benefit which he can
derive from the saving to him of purchasing
and putting postage stamps upon liis private
correspondence.
If the head of one of the Departments of the
Government may, without color of law, with-
out any justification of official duty, thus send
to the country, and by means of his ministerial
agencies—in this case upward of thirty thou-
sand in number—procure the expression of
sentiments suited to his peculiar views, I ask
Senators how long anything like freedom of
will or action can be expected to remain here?
I have a just respect for popular sentiment in
this country; but it must be an honest and intel-
ligent popular sentiment; and I must know that
it in fact exists; that it is not manufactured to
order, as in the present case, and that it has
not been obtained by false pretenses from the
people. I am aware how much of newspaper
sentiment may be created in the absence of
any popular feeling upon a subject.
This inquisition into the abuse^of the frank-
ing privilege was one that had its origin en-
tirely and solely in the motion and breast of
the Postmaster General. He has declared to
you in his report that he himself prepared
these petitions. The language is his ; the sen-
timent is his; the facts are his; and yet when
he is called upon to sustain them he is unable
to do so, but passes into general reputation
and the declaration that it is a matter of noto-
riety, not a matter which he has any means of
proving. He has confessed his inability to
sustain any of the charges he has so recklessly
made.
I state, therefore, that the whole origination
of these petitions, their^ cost in printing^ and
paper consumed, their circulation, their signa-
ture, and the time occupied, to the neglect of
public business, in discussing them, has not
only been without warrant of law, but it has
been a. most dangerous innovation upon the
precedents of our governmental history; nay,
more, I consider it utterly discreditable to the
officer who has originated and who has thus
far carried this thing out. I hope that the
significance of this act may be fully considered
by Congress, and that heads of Departments
may be taught that if they expect to be treated
with respect by the members of Congress they
must confine themselves within the strict lines
of their legitimate official duty and power; that
when they step beyond these limits and under-
take to use means for our coercion, or for our
dictation in legislation, we will answer them as
properly we ought.
Sir, I consider this action of the Postmaster
General as merely a bid for cheap, and what I
may term spurious popularity. The people
who signed those petitions evidently misun-
derstood their object, and knew nothing at all
of the facts alleged ; else how could many of
them, respectable and intelligent people as
they were, who signed those papers, accom-
pany their petitions in the same mail with
requests that publications of vast weight and
cumbrous size should be sent to them by virtue
of the veiy "privilege," as they term it, which
they thought was abused? I myself transmitted
to gentlemen who had signed some of these
petitions documents which cost more upon the
letter rate of postage to the Government to
carry, if that be a proper calculation to make
in this case, than my own personal postage
would amount to during the six years I may
stay here in service in the Senate.
As has been said by the honorable Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] signatures can be
obtained from a certain class of people to peti-
tions for almost any purpose, however evil.
There is a weakness and a facility about human
nature as to this thing of signing petitions in
gross, that is very remarkable; and yet soitis.
But there was a stimulus in this matterin send-
ing them to the deputy postmasters themselves,
of which the Postmaster General very dex-
terously availed himself. The trouble of these
public documents, the handling and the labor
connected with them, formsa very serious part
of the actual labor connected with the Post
Office Department. If, therefore, by this aboli-
tion of the franking privilege the postmasters
throughout the country and their assistants are
to get rid of the labor of handling these tons
of public matter, while their salaries will not be
decreased, their labors and duties will neces-
sarily be greatly decreased. They were there-
fore deeply interested in having the whole of
this thing done away with; and therefore he
had an active and most industrious set of sub-
ordinates for procuring what he is pleased to
term an expression of public opinion on this
subject.
