656
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
with regard to said market and the manage-
ment thereof as in their judgment the conven-
ience, health, and safety of the community may
require.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said company shall be one mil-
lion of dollars, and shall consistof twenty thou-
sand shares of fifty dollars each. The stock
may he subscribed for upon the books of the
company, which shall be open at the Depart-
ment of the Interior, in the city of Washington,
on the second Monday following the final pas-
sage of this act, at twelve o'clock, noon ; said
books to be kept open until the whole amount
of said stock shall be subscribed, or so much
thereof, not less than fifty per centum of the
whole amount, as a majority of said corporators
shall deem sufficient to authorize the said com-
pany to commence work. A cash payment of
ten per centum shall be paid at the time of
subscription to said stock to the person or per-
sons authorized to receive the same by the said
corporators. After the books, as aforesaid,
shall have been kept open for the space of two
days, if a larger amount than the capital stock
of said company shall have been subsciibed,
the books shall be closed, and the said corpor-
ators shall forthwith apportion said capital
stock among the subscribers in such manner
that citizens of the city of Washington shall
have the full amount individually subscribed
for, so far as may be practicable; and any
deductions necessary in consequence of any
excess of subscription shall be made from sub-
scriptions of the largest amount, so that no
bona fidesubscriptionshall be diminished while
any larger subscription shall be maintained.
That as soon as the atjjck is subscribed and
apportioned as above mentioned, and thepay-
nientmnde ns aforesaid, the said corporators, or
a majority of them, shall call a meeting of the
stockholders at some place in Washington city,
District of Columbia, by advertisement in one
or more of the daily newspapers in said city
ten days previous thereto, and the stockholders,
in pei son or by proxy, shall proceed to the
election from among the stockholders, by bal-
lot, of thirteen directors for conducting and
managing the business of said company, for
the term of one year from the time of their
election, or until the first Monday of January
next ensuing fheir election, if that should hap-
pen to be less than one year from the election ;
thai, said directors, when elected, shall imme-
diately appoint one of their number to be pres-
ident of the board ofdireetors, and also appoint
a treasurer of said company. In the absence
of the president, a majority of said directors
may appoint, a president pro tempore; and a
majority of said directors shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That said
directors may fill any vacancy which may
happen in their own body during the time
for which they are elected, and in case of the
death, resignation, or disqualification of the
president or treasurer, to till the vacancy, to
serve for the residue of the term; and the
stockholdeis, on the first Monday of January
in each and eveiy year thereafter, shall elect
by ballot, at the office of the said company, a
new board of thirteen directors from among
the stockholders, from whom a president and
treasurer shall be apppointed as above men-
tioned, to hold their offices for one year from
the time of their election, and until their suc-
ee-isois are elected and qualified. Each stock -
holder shall be entitled to one vote lor every
share of stock held by him or her at the time,
which may be given by the stockholder, or by
proxy, at any general or special election, of
which general or special election notice shall
be given by advertisements in one or more of
the daily newspapers in said city ten days pre-
vious thereto.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
plans submitted by the incorporators, as set
forth in the'schedule annexed to this act, and
which schedule is made part of this act, and
as set forth in the drawings referred to in said
schedule, shall be adopted for such new build-
ings and market square. There shall be one
or more entrances to said market grounds
between Seventh and Ninth streets, on Penn-
sylvania avenue or Louisiana avenue, of suit-
able width and height, for the accommodation
of pedestrians.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
treasurer of said company shall, before he acts
as such, give a bond to the company, in such
penalty and with such security as the president
and directors shall require, conditional for the
faithful discharge of the duties and trusts com-
mitted to him. All salaries shall be fixed by
the president and directors.
Sue. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
shares in said company shall be deemed per-
sonal and not real estate, and shall be trans-
ferable in such manner as the by-laws of the
company shall prescribe; and the shares held
by any individual shall be liable to be attached
or taken in execution to satisfy the debts due
from any such stockholder in like manner as
other personal property may be.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the
said president and direc[t]ors of said company
shall have power to demand and receive of the
stockholders the remaining nine tenths of said
stock from time to time as they shall deem
necessary: Provided, That such calls shall not
exceed the rate of fifteen per centum thereof
per month ; and if any stockholder shall neg-
lect or refuse to pay the amount due and de-
manded, within thirty days after said demand,
the said shares may be forfeited, or not, by
said directors at their option.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
said president and directors shall have power
to contract with any person or persons for the
necessary work on the grounds, and for the
construction of buildings, stands, stalls, and
all necessary fixtures; to appoint a general
superintendent and other laborers, and to affix
the amount of compensation for labor, as well
as for all materials furnished said company,
and to do all acts which by this act and the
by-laws of said company they may be author-
ized to do.
Sko. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
said company is hereby required to purchase
and pay for all buildings and fixtures which
may bo upon the above mentioned ground
belonging to individuals, within a reasonable
time alter the passage of this act, the price of
which shall bo agreed upon by the president
and directors of said company and the owners
(should they demand any pay therefor) of the
aforesaid buildings and fixtures; and when-
ever the presidentand directors and the owners
of said property cannot agree as to the price of
said buildings or fixtures, then in such case the
company shall select one competent person,
and the owner shall select one competent per-
son, and they, the two, shall choose a third
one, who shall proceed to value the buildings
and fixtures, and a decision of a majority of
the three shall be final as to the value of said
property, and the amount so agreed upon shall
be paid to the owner thereof before the same
is removed from the grounds aforesaid. That
in case the owner of said property will neither
sell said property nor choose an arbitrator, as
aforesaid, to value said property, after ten days'
notice so to do, then, m such case, the said
company may proceed to remove the same to
some place off said grounds without being liable
to an action for damages.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
said company shall, within sixty days from the
time it gets quiet and peaceable possession of
the real estate mentioned in this act, commence
work thereon, and so prosecute the same that
buildings for stores, halls, market grounds,
stands, stalls, and other purposes, and all
market buildings, shall be fully completed
within two years or less from the commence-
ment thereof; or in case said company shall
not commence said buildings within the time
aforesaid, or, having commenced, shall fail to
complete the same within the time aforesaid,
or, having completed the same, shall permit
the same to get out of repair or become dilapi-
dated, and should the said company fail to com-
ply with any of the conditions of this act for
the space of six consecutive months, the fran-
chise hereby granted to said company shall be
forfeited, and the rights and privileges hereby
granted shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
privileges conferred by this act shall be enjoyed
by said company for the term of ninety-nine
years, unless sooner terminated for a non-
compliance or abuse of the conditions herein
imposed upon said company, which may be
doue by suit in the name of the United States,
to recover possession of said property. At the
end of said period of ninety-nine years, the
said lands, with all the erections and improve-
ments thereon, shall revert to the United States,
unless Congress shall by law extend the period
of occupation thereof by said company: Pro-
vided, That if the corporation of the city of
Washington shall, after a period of thirtyyears
from the appi-oval of this act, by a vote of the
councils thereof express a desire to possess
itself of the said market buildings and grounds,
Congress may authorize the corporate author-
ities to take possession of the same upon pay-
ment to the said Market House Company of a
sum of money equal to a fairand just valuation
of the buildings and improvements then stand-
ing on said grounds, and the mode and manner
of ascertaining such valuation shall be determ-
ined by Congress.
Sue. 13. And be it further enacted, Thatthe
real estate herein described is hereby vested in
the said corporation for and during the said
term of ninety-nine years, or until a forfeiture
of its rights and privileges by a breach of the
conditions herein imposed on said company,
and said estate shall be taken and considered
as a determinable fee. The real and personal
property of said corporation shall bo subject
to assessment and taxation forall District and
municipal purposes, in the same manner and
to the same extent that like property in the
city of Washington owned and possessed by
individuals is liable to assessment and taxa-
tion.
Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted, That in
consideration of the piivileges granted by this
act to the Washington Market Company, the
said company shall pay, yearly, every year
during the said term of ninety-nine years, unto
the city of Washington, the sum of twenty-five
thousand dollars ; which sum shall be received
by said city, and set apart and expended by
and under the direction of the city government
of said city for the support and relief of the
poor of said city and of the District of Colum-
bia; and said city may enforce the payment
of said sum from time to time as the same shall
become due, either by an action at law or by
the same proceedings now authorized by law
for the collection of taxes by said city.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That if
the corporators named in this act, or a major
part of them, shall refuse or neglect, for sixty
days from and after the passage of this act, to
accept the franchise hereby created, or if,
having accepted the same, they shall have for-
feited the same within two years from and after
the passage of this act, then and in that case
it shall and may be lawful for any citizens of
the city of JVashingtou, to the number of twenty
