3558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
V ?
Senate so that I shall be obliged to antagonize
against the rule; but I am afraid it may.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inquire of the
Chair—because my vote will depend entirely
on the decision of the Chair on this point—
if the unfinished business at the moment of
the recess is to be taken up and proceeded
with at the evening session. If that is so,
this resolution will not embarrass the appro-
priation bills and the tax bill which I have
to look after. But if the construction is put
upon it that is proposed by the Senator from
Kansas it will interrupt the business of the
day; and we know, practically, that when the
time for a recess arrives no vote can be had on
any question of controversy. The votes are
usually taken in the evening. If the Chair
shall decide that the construction of the reso-
lution as it now stands will give the business
on hand at the" time of taking the recess priority
after the recess,then I have no objection to the
resolution. Indeed, I think it would promote
public business. But if the contrary con-
struction is given by the Chair—and my own
impression is that the construction put upon
it by the Senator from Kansas is the natural
construction—I think it would work injuriously,
and I therefore intend to vote against the reso-
lution under that construction.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Chair will
decide that question first.
Mr. POMEROY. I may be mistaken about
it. I only want the opinion of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this is a resolution offered in accord-
ance with the twenty-fourth and twenty-sixth
rules, by which all resolutions lying over one
day can be adopted on any subsequent day by a
majority vote of the Senate. It is not offered
under the fifty-third rule, which authorizes the
amendment of the standing rules by proposi-
tions specifically statingthe rule to be amended.
It therefore, in the opinion of the Chair, leaves
the fifteenth rule intact, which reads as fol-
lows :
" The unfinished business in which the Senate was
engagid at the last preceding adjournment shall
have the preference in the special orders of the
day."
In the case anticipated by the Senator from
Ohio the Chair can see no trouble in the way,
if the majority of the Senate desire to have this
resolution operative, at any evening session,
after they shall agree to it. If the Senate at
half past four or five o'clock take a recess,
being then engaged in the consideration of an
appropriation bill, the appropriation bill would
come up that evening after the recess, unques-
tionably j but a majority of the Senate could
pass it over without debate, leaving it in its
place on the Calendar, and then this resolution
would become operative for that evening's ses-
sion. The Chair will state to the Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from Kansas that if he
ruled the other way, that is, that the appro-
priation bill should remain as the unfinished
business at half past four o'clock for the next
day, then the fifteenth rule would require what-
ever the Senate adjourned upon at ten o'clock
or twelve o'clock at night, at the close of the
evening session, also to be the unfinished busi-
ness, and the Senate would have the anomaly
of two bills remaining as unfinished business of
the day and the night session for the next day's
action, with a contest as to which one should be
allowed priority. The new rule, which allows
any bill to be passed over without debate, leav-
ing it in its place on the Calendar, obviates
this tronble, enabling the majority to determine
whether to go on with the afternoon business
or to pass it over and devote the evening ses-
sion to the business contemplated by the pend-
ing resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I am satisfied with the
interpretation of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution, as amended.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2052) to amend the homestead acts; in which !
! it requested the concurrence of the Senate. ;
The message also announced that the House , j
had agreed to the report of the committee of !
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two j|
Houses on the bill (S. No. 95) in relation to '
the Hot Springs reservation in the State of
Arkansas.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
' The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
' bill (H. R. No. 1084) to incorporate the Wash- :
! ington Market Company; and it was there- !
upon signed by the Vice President. '
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
| States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary, !
| announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following bills:
,J A bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of the minor ;
children of Sylvester Dreyer;
:\ A bill (S. No. 759) granting a pension to {
| John C. Abercrombie;
A bill (S. No. 788) for the relief of the widows
and orphansofthe officers, seamen, and marines ,
: i of the United States vessel of war Oneida, and
for other purposes;
i A bill (S. No. 850) for the relief of Captain
George Henry Preble, of the Navy of the United
! States; and
A bill (S. No. 865) increasing the pension of
I John Coonan.
! ENFORCEMENT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 810) to enforce
the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Presuming that Senators
have read and examined the two bills, I move
that the Senate pass over the pending bill, with
a view of taking up the House bill for the en-
forcement of the fifteenth amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
from Nevada to move his bill as a substitute
for the House bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon moves to pass over the pending bill;
which motion is not debatable under the new
rule.
Mr. CO.RBETT. I suggest that the bill be
read for the information of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending bill
has been read. The motion is to pass over
the pending bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I refer to the House bill,
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] has not yet made any
motion to take up any other bill. The Chair
supposes that he intends to do so.
Mr. CORBETT. I thought perhaps it would
be well to read the House bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion now
is to pass over the pending bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the House
bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that that bill be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The merits of
the bill cannot be debated under the rule of
the Senate on this motion, but the bill can be
reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Oregon whether it is worth while to read it
now? It will have to be read again.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the reading
of the bill be dispensed with, or that it be con-
sidered as read, as I desire to make another
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon has demanded the reading of the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that it be read.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be read.
Mr. STEWART. I desire when it is read
to move a substitute for it.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us have it read first,
and then your substitute will have a better
ch&nc6*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that on a motion to proceed to the consider-
ation of a bill any Senator has a right to ask
that the bill shall be read, because otherwise
he might not be understood as knowing what
the contents of the bill are. He has to vote
whether the Senate will take it up or not. The
bill is not subject to debate upon its merits,
under the rule, on this motion ; but the Sec-
retary will read the bill.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That any officer of the United
States, or of any State, Territory, or district, and
every offioer of any city, county, town, township,
borough, wurd. parish, or hundred, in any State, Ter-
ritory, or district, who shall, by any official act what-
ever, or by the omission, neglect, nr refusal to per-
form any official actor duty whatever, whether under
color or pretext of any provision of any State consti-
tution, or any law of any State, Territory, or district
whatsoever, or of any local, municipal, or other law,
rule, or ordinance, deny or abridge the right of any
citizen of the United States to vote, on account or'
race, color, or previous condition ofservitude, at any
Federal, State, county, municipal,orother election,
shall, upon conviction thereof, bo adjudged guilty
of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished by impris-
onment of not less than one year and not oxceoding
three years, or by a fine not less than foOO nor ex-
ceeding $5,000, or both such fine and imprisonment, at
the discretion of the court.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That all eolored
citizensof the United States, residentin theseveral
States of the United States, shall be entitled to vote
at all elections in the State, county, parish, town,
township, ward, or hundred of their residence, sub-
ject only to tho same conditions which now are or
may hereafter be required to qualify white citizens
to vote therein. And any person who shall by forcc,
fraud, intimidation, or other unlawful means what-
soever, prevent any colored citizen from voting at
any such election, who possesses the qualifications,
except in respect of color, requisite to enable a white
citizen to vote thereat, shall, upon conviction thereof,
be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall ba
imprisoned not less than six months and not exceed-
ing one year, or be fined not less than $100 nor more
than $1,000, or be punished by both such fine and
imprisonment, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That in ease the
constitution or law of any State shall require the
assessment or payment of a tax as a qualification of
an elector, if any assessor or other officer elected or
appointed under the laws of such State, and author-
ized or required by the laws thereof to make any
, assessment of persons or property for the purpose of
such taxation.shall refuse or willrally n eglect to assess
the person or property of any colored citizen of the
United States qualified as aforesaid and residing in
the town, hundred, borough, township, parish, coun-
ty, ward, or district for which said assessor or other
officer shall have been elected or appointed asafore-
said, he shall for every such offense forfeit and pay
the sum of $500 to any person who will sue for the
same, and shall for every such offense be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall bo fined not less than $500,
and be imprisoned not less than one month.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That in case the
constitution or law of any State sball require tho
assessment or payment of a tax as a qualification of
an elector, if any officeror member ot'auy levy court
or.other body of officers authorized or required by
the laws of such State to make or correct any assess-
ment of persons or property for the purpose of such
taxation, or authorized or required by the laws of
such State to assessor levy any such tax,shall refuse
or willfully neglect or advise, or shall participate,
concur, or acquiesce in, the refusal or willful neglect
of such levy court or other body of officers to assess
the person or property, or to assess or levy any such
tax upon the person or property of any colored citi-
zen of the United States, qualified as aforesaid, and
residing in the county or district for which said offi-
cer, levy court, or other body of officers shall have
been elected or appointed, he shall for every such
offense forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to any person
who will sue for the same, and shall for every such
offense be deemed guilty of amisdemeanor, and shall
be fined not less than $500, and be imprisoned not
' less than one month.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if any clerk,
! or other officer required by the law of any State to
I register, record, or transcribe any list of persons
i upon whom taxes have been assessed, or to tran-
1 scribe and certify any duplicate of such list to the
collector of taxes, shall refuse or willfully neglect to
; register, record, transcribe, or enter upon the proper
: assessment list, or upon theproperduplicates of such
! assessment list, tho name of any colored citizen ol
the United States who has been lawfully assessed to
i pay any tax, the payment of which tax is by the con-
stitution or laws of such State a qualification of an
' elector of such State, every such clerk or officer shall
