1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
In regard to the twenty-two thousand Indians
on the upper Missouri, for whom $750,000 are
appropriated in this bill, I claim, in the first
place, that there never were seven thousand
of them to be led by the Government, and fur-
ther than that, that nearly one half of them
have been nearly all the time and now are on
the war-path. I ask that they shall only be
paid when they are at peace with the Govern-
ment. Twelve men in one body have been
killed in my State by Indians this year, and
one or two separately, and I protest against
paying a premium on white scalps by giving
these marauders blankets and guns and ammu-
nition to perpetrate these outrages. It'I did not
misunderstand the gentleman who has charge
of this bill, he stated that he hoped for a better
state of things. I want to see that better state
of things before these appropriations are paid.
It will be seen that the effect of this amend-
ment is to provide that only those Indians shall
be paid who are true to their treaty obligations,
and that nothing shall be paid to those who
are out on marauding expeditions.
Mr. SARGENT. I did not hear much that
the gentleman said, but I understood liim to
refer to the Sioux Indians. Am I right?
Mr.TAFFE. I refer to the upper river Sioux.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well, sir. The Sioux
Indians had a treaty made with them by what
is called the peace commission. Over a mil-
lion dollars were spent to make that treaty with
them. They were just ready to go upon the
war-path. They are bad, dangerous, and
uncivilized tribes of Indians. I believe it is
admitted by every one that if it had not been
for those liberal expenditures made at the
moment,you may say, ifyou please, to bribe the
Iudians, to get them into such a humor that
they would not murder our people ; if it had
not been for those expenditures there would
Lave been a destructive and costly Indian war.
Now, when the gentleman talks about not pay-
ing annuities and giving any benefits to the
Indian tribes unless they observe their treaties,
it is to be remembered that those treaties, as
they are called, or contracts, or whatever they
may be, are made with people that are little
more discreet than children. They are under
no national obligations; they feel none of the
responsibilities of foreign nations with whom
we make treaties. They have no regular gov-
ernment ; they have no legislative or executive
responsibility. They are, as it were, but mere
children, the most of them with bad and vicious |
habits, and we cannot judge them by the same j
rules which we apply to civilized people. It j
may often be the case that a tribe of Indians :
will go upon the war-path, urged thereto by |
want and starvation, or by injustice from the I
whites, or from their own malicious disposi- j
tion, and commit deeds of rapine aud blood-
shed. The Government sends its soldiers out
against them and perhaps enacts scenes like
that of a few days ago in the Montana mount-
ains, to which so much reference has been made
here. Un questionably these Indians have often
committed bad acts, and these hare been fear-
Jnlly punished.
Now, with the ideas which these Indians
have, looking at the question from their stand-
point, how are you going to deal ifrith them
except by offering inducements to them to
behave in the future? Unless we can induce
them by presents, after the fact that they may
hare done wrong, to remain peaceable and do
Wrong no more, how can you manage them ?
If you say to these tribes that we will give them
nothing more for the remainder of this year,
for instance, because they hare done wrong
some time last year, will they not feel com-
pelled to go upon the war-path ? Certainly
they will; they will take means for their sub-
sistence from the settlers and travelers then
if you do not make appropriations to furnish
them such means. The result of this amend-
ment will be, as the result of former amend-
ments have been, to incite these Indians to
robbery and murder.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. SAliGENT. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. I would suggest that if this
proviso should be adopted we ought to add
another proviso appropriating $30,000,000 to
pay the expenses of the Army necessary to
keep these Indians at peace. That is certainly
what would be the result of the adoption of
this proviso.
Mr. SARGENT. I concur entirely with my
colleagueon the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Beck,] and I believe the amount he
uaraes would be inadequate.
Mr. TAFFE. We are doing that now.
Mr. SARGENT. I admit that we are ex-
pending a large amount of money on military
posts. But if we are prepared to double the
amount of expenditures for that purpose then
let us do so. But if Congress should cut off
from these Indians the charity and support they
have been accustomed to receive from the
Government, then we will probably drive them
to war at once. I am therefore opposed to
this amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Taffe ; and it was not
agreed to upon a division—ayes ten, noes not
counted-.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
this act contained, or in any of the provisions thereof,
shall bo so construed as to ratify or approve any
treaty made with any tribes, bands, or parties of
Indians since the 20th day of July, 1867.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In accordance with the
understanding which I had with the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] who has
charge of this bill, I move to amend the title
ofthis bill by inserting the words " so called "
after the words " treaty stipulationsalso to
amend the first section of the bill by inserting
the same words after "treaty stipulations,"
near the beginning of the section.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to further amend
this bill by adding to it the following:
Sec. 3. And be it further• enacted, That in every case
where annuities are provided to be paid to any In-
dian tribe it shall be t.ho duty of the Secretary of
the Interior to expend the same for such objects as
will best promote the comfort, civilization,and
improvement of the tribe entitled to the same, pro-
vided that the consent of such tribe to such ex-
penditures can be obtained; and no claim for sup-
plies for Indians purchased without authority of
law shall be paid out of any appropriation for
expenses for the Indian department or for Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend by
adding the following as a new section :
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Interior shall so exercise the discretion vested
in him by this act so as to encourage able-bodied
Indians in habits of industry and peace.
,The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of the second section of page 69
the following:
Or to rccognize as subsisting public treaties any
sucti treaties mado before the 20th day of July, 1867. ,
The section will then read:
That nothing in this act contained, or in any of the
provisions thereof, shall be so construed as to ratify
or approve any treaty made with any tribes, bands,
or parties of Indians since the 20th day of July, 1867,
or to recognize as subsisting public treaties any such
treaties made before the 20th day of July, 1867.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I think that is right. I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I think I must raise a
point of order on that amendment, if I under-
stand it correctly.
Mr. PAINEL I would like to make a single
remark in explanation of this amendment. I
Mr. SARGENT. I will reserve my point \
of order, and will not ask the rulingofthe Chair •
until I have heard the gentleman.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, this amend- j
ment will in no way impair  '
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the amendment is not in order.
It proposes new legislation.
Mr. PAINE. It is simply declaratory of the
effect of the Constitution ot the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then it is not worth
while to put it in an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the amendment is germane to the bill. The
point of order is overruled. The gentleman
rom Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] will proceed.
,,Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, the object of
this amendment is the same as the object of
that proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield.] It does not propose
to interfere in anyway with the obligations of
the Government to pay the Indians for any
land or anything else which the Government
may have received from them. If there is
any obligation resting on the Government in
favor of these Indians as individuals or as
communities, that obligation will remain un-
impaired if this amendment shall be adopted.
The amendment simply recognizes the legal
effect of the provision of the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution which terminates all
these treaties as public treaties. That amend-
ment has made all these Indians citizens of
the United States, and as a consequence of that
fact these treaties have lost their character as
public treaties, because one of the parties to
the treaties has disappeared. Still, whatever
obligations may rest upon the Government
ought to be enforced.
1 will state why, in my judgment, this amend-
ment should be adopted, notwithstanding the
adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. It will be an easy matter
for Senators to say that the phrase " so-called
stipulations" inserted on his motion involves
disrespect to the Senate, and on that pretext
they may summarily strike out that phrase;
but it will hardly do for the Senate to say that
this amendment, offered in pursuance of and
in strict accordance with the receutly adopted
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, is one which can be thus lightly dis-
posed of. Hence, notwithstanding the inser-
tion of the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in the title and in the first section
of;the bill, I trust we shall adopt the substan-
tive provision which I propose.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Mr. Chair-
man, I did not distinctly hear the remarks of
the honorable acting chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, [Mr. Saimjent,] made
yesterday, in regard to my proposed amend-
ment. 1 find by the report in the Globe of
to-day that he intimated that the effect of my
speech might be to have my Territory left with-
out any appropriation at all, and said I had
better turn my attention to the hostile Indians.
I simply wish to say that the great value of the
appropriation consists in its judicious applica-
tion. Of course the gentleman must know that
$70,000, however well employed, can go but a
very little way with the number of friendly
Indians in Arizona. The aid is at best but
trifling. Were it not that some of the Indians
cultivate their lands, and are entirely idle only
in the winter season, the appropriation would
be little more than a farce. As it is, if pru-
dently used for articles of food and implements
of agriculture, it may do much good, but I see
no way in which itcan be so well applied as in
fair wagffs for honest labor. The appropria-
tion should be several hundred thousand dol-
lars if we would take good care of the Indians,
even through their employment. And here I
beg to remark that the matter of jewsharps to
which I referred occurred a number of years
since, and was introduced more to illustrate
the Indian character than to decry the Indiaii
department. 1 believe the agents have usually
acted carefully, but that the policy of the Gov-
ernment has been a mistaken one. 1 have
meant to express no want of confidence in the
present Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who
would seem especially fitted for his responsible
