5446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
erate States. That was the organization which,
with its armies, opposed this Government.
They had the organization.
What next under the Constitution'? You
must adhere; adhere to what? Not to a man,
not to an individual, not to any one man against
the Government, but you must have adhered
to the confederacy to come within the languag'e
of the Constitution. Treason could only have
been committed by levying war or adhering to
the confederacy. To have levied war against
the Government, or to have adhered to the
confederate States, is what is meant by the
Constitution in giving aid and comfort to the
rebellion.
What is giving aid and comfort to the rebel-
lion? Under the Constitution you must ascer-
tain what treason is, and what adhering to our
enemies is. What is adherence to our enemies ?
What is giving aid and comfort? You must
adhere to the organization that makes war
against the"Governrnent, and when you adhere
to that organization then you give aid and com-
fort to the rebellion. What does giving aid
and comfort mean? Giving aid and comfort
does not mean, if a man has a son in the rebel
army, and that son shall straggle home some
night, and he should give him a bite to prevent
him from starving to death—that would not be
adhering to our enemies. That is not what the
law contemplates as giving aid and comfort to
the rebellion. Aid and comfort must be given
to the organization against the Government.
If aid and comfort be given to an individual,
it is not such giving of aid and comfort as the
Constitution contemplates.
If, then, I am correct ifi my construction of
the Constitution—and I will venture the asser-
tion 1 am if it were left to a court to de-
decide, and they examined the question fairly
and decided on mature deliberation—then the
next proposition is this : what evidence is there
against this man that he gave aid and comfort
to our enemies, such as is contemplated by the
Constitution, for that is what we are talking
about? None, in my judgment, not one par-
ticle of evidence has been given to show that
he has given aid and comfort to the rebellion,
that would secure a conviction before a cross-
roads justice of the peace court. I do not
believe from the testimony that this man ever
did give any aid or comfort to the rebellion.
If this man is to be convicted of treason—and
that is what this means—if this be giving aid
and comfort to the enemies, and such aid and
comfort as the Constitution contemplates ; if
he is to be held guilty of the crime ot treason—
and 1 say there is not a particle of evidence
which would not be ruled out before any court—■
then, sir, and I say it without meaning any
disrespect to anybody here, we might convict
almost every Democrat upon this floor of the
same crime, and perhaps some Republicans,
for I understand some of them did actually
fight for the rebellion during the war. There
is no testimony here upon which this House
can convict Mr. Rice of treason—not a particle.
If I am not mistaken, we have several gen-
tlemen here who absolutely did fight for iha
rebels during the war, and they are on our
side now. They were relieved from their dis-
abilities, it is true; but so far as the fact as to
their having aided the rebels is concerned it
remains.
Now, this report says, in the first place, that
the committee were agreed in attaching no sig-
nificance whatever to Mr. Rice's having voted
for the resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kentucky which has been referred to.
Secondly, the majority report that he probably
said some time or other that he was going to
recruit for the rebel army, or something of
that kind. Suppose be did ; is that what the
Constitution meaHs by giving aid and comfort
to the rebellionWhy, no! The Constitu-
tion means that you must give aid and comfort
io an organization that is making war against
the Government. It does not mean by it that
you say you will do it; but you must do it. lias
this man done so? Is there any evidence that
he is giving aid and comfort to an organization
against the Government? There is no evidence
of any such thing. You may take for granted
every word attributed to him in this report,
and that under the Constitution • he has been
guilty of no offense that is a crime in law. It
may be an offense against your political opin-
ions or mine, but it is not such an offense as
the law contemplates or desires to punish a
man for.
Then, again, this man was a Democrat. That
is a political sin, but it is not a crime under the
law. He is a Democrat yet. I think be is very
wrong in being that, but yet it is not a crime,
lie was a Democrat then, he is a Democrat now.
But he neither did nor said more than all other
Democrats did during the war, if you take for
granted that he said all that is attributed to him
in the testimony.
But he did a great deal more than many other
Dsmocrats did. What was that? Why, in the
last year of the war he volunteered into the
Union Army and served for one hundred and
twenty days in aregiment on our side in defense
of the Government of the United States. And
this man, who was a soldier in defense of the
Union, because he may have said something
in an unguarded moment during the war is to
be deprived of his seat in the Congress of the
United States, where we pretend, at least, that
we are being guided and governed by the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Now, sir, let us see what the evidence proves.
Here is the evidence of Congress showing that
the statements as to the language alleged to
have been used by Mr. Rice are untrue. Here
is the evidence of a man who was a general in
the confederate army and in charge of the camp
where he is charged with having committed his
treason ; and that man testifies here before the
committee that Mr. Rico's conduct was con-
strued to be in favor of the Union, not in favor
of the rebellion ; he swears that Rice's conduct
was considered as being against the rebels, and
notfor them; that they considered him on the
other side, as they called it, meaning on the
Union side, instead of being on the rebel side.
And evidence was given to the committee that
many men refused to go into the rebel service
because Mr. Rice refused to do the same thing.
And all the evidence proves that if he had
influence—and certainly it must be admitted
he had—that influence, whether by his word
or by his conduct, was of such a character as
paused men to join the Union Army, showing
that the weight of his influence, let it be by
word of mouth or by act, was on the Union
side.
Well, sir, if we intend to establish a prece-
dent of this kind, that a man shall be excluded
from this House under the fourteenth article
of the Constitution, when he has committed
no act which is criminal in itself; if that is the
construction we are to give to the Constitution
of the United States, we give it such a con-
struction as its framers, in my judgment,
never intended. When that fourteenth article
of amendment was framed it was certainly
framed in accordance with and following out
the third article of the Constitution in refer-
ence to treason, and must be construed in
connection with that third article of the Con-
stitution in reference to adhering and giving
aid and comfort to our enemies; and giving it
such a construction, no man who examines
this case, and who does not want to do violence
to his conscience, will for one moment hesi-
tate about affirming the right of this man to
his seat. If you exclude this man to-day you
can then commence to expurgate Congress;
and it you cannotprove as much against every
man that comes to the next Congress by some
of his neighbors as you have proved against
this man I will agree that I am mistaken.
This is a report made by a committee of this
House and supposed to be men learned in the
law ; and I undertake to say that if the report
had been made outside of this House, say by
a committee of lawyers selected in this city, it
would have been laughed at, and nobody would
have paid any attention to it for a moment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon.]
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. It seems to
me it is almost useless to indulge_ in further
discussion in this case. The object is,to unseat
Mr. Rice for the reason that he is ineligible, for
alleged treasonable conduct. Now, if that be /
a fact, I insist that it shall be established ac-
cording to the rules of evidence and by satis-
factory testimony. The Constitution of the
United States says that no person shall be con-
victed of the crime of treason, except on the
testimony of two witnesses to the same overt
act, or upon the confession of the party in open
court. Now, there is not a scrap of testimony
in this case that this man committed any overt
act of treason whatsoever. The whole matter
lies here: two men say that Mr. Iiiee told
them, one of them, that he expected a com-
mission in the rebel army, and the other, that
he held one. That declaration was made at
a time when these individuals held Mr. Rice
in their custody for the purpose of bringing
him to the milirary headquarters for examin-
ation on the charge of treason before Gen-
eral Garfield, who is known to you all.
And while I do not pretend to remember the
testimony specifically, 1 am certain no such
testimony was given at that examination, and
further, I am certain that there was no testi-
mony against Mr. Ilice given before General
Gaiifield tending to establish treasonable con-
duct, unless it was the fact that he had recently
been a member of the Kentucky Legislature.
But inasmuch as some of us by our votes here
are estopped from saying that that was a trea-
sonable body, it is too late eight years after-
ward to set that up as evidence against him.
But if some MeClellan had dealt with it, as was
the case with the Maryland Legislature, there
might be a point upon which to comment. It is
now eight years since those events transpired,
and he has had no opportunity to explain his
acts or the alleged declarations. His mouth
is closed as to what then took place, and you
ought not to convict a mosquito of petty lar-
ceny upon such evidence. It is asking the
House to convict him of treason, a crime for
which he may be hanged: for perjury, for
which he might be sent to the penitentiary,
upon evidence like this !
If the man who brought Mr. Rice before
General Garfield had kuown any facts against
him he would have stated them, because he
was supposed to be a loyal man, and was show-
ing his patriotism by bringing Mr. Rice before
the military authorities. The military authori-
ties were anxious to find out the precise status
of every man, and particularly of prominent
men in the community like Iiiee, and if there
had been any facts to be produced against Rice
they certainly would have produced them. It
occurred to me that each man in the Sandy
Valley knew minutely the history and conduct
of every other man.
Now, sir, 1 say that if this report be adopted
that would be convicting a man upon insuffi-
cient evidence, and, in my judgment, without
any evidence at all. I do not myself propose
to convict in such a case without precise and
specific proof, such as would remove all reason-
able doubt of guilt. To pronounce the sitting
member guilty would ignore all the time-hon-
ored rules by which innocence is protected,
- J - - '   i
and would do violence to every intelligent an
impartial mind which may have opportunity I
examine this question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I undertake
to say, Mr. Speaker, and I do it with all can-
dor and frankness, and without wishing to cast
any reflections upon anybody, that there has
not been a statement made in this debate which
is in accordance with the record. Now, it is
not necessary to talk about " mosquitoes," and
