m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
them to become saints on the instant? Are we
to assume that they are hereafter to be as
faithful and true in every respect as those
States that fought them into submission ? Can
we not learn to deal with them in such a way
as to keep them from doing things such as
Georgia did, th,at compelled us when she was
half way in the doors of the Capitol to thrust
her back and remand her to military rule ?
Mr. President, I have had to deal with these
people on the soil of my own State, and I never
yet found anything that answered them except
that which so,excited the contempt of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and that was grip. It is
because the Senator from Illinois came from a
State where there never was a necessity for
putting grip upon rebels that he now can sneer
at the expression when it comes from one who
was taught the value of grip by the character
of the people among whom he lived.
Now, Mr. President, let Virginia come in;
let her come back here; but let her come back
on terms of safety to the country. You are
counting upon her ratification of the fifteenth
amendment. .But, sir, what will be our con-
dition if before we have got the twenty-eight
States that are necessary to the ratification we
find that Virginia has retracted her ratifica-
tion ? Are you going to declare it a part of the
Constitution with an imperfect ratification,
with New York backed out, Virginia backed
out, with no longer twenty-eight States un-
questionably remaining? Are you going to
declare it and raise the whole Democratic party
of the country in war against you—I mean war
at the_ polls—upon the ground that you are at-
tempting to imposs upon the country a con-
stitutional amendment that never was adopted ?
Are you going to transfer from this forum to
that other room in this Capitol to which our
Democratic fiiends look with so much anxiety
and so much affection the decision of the
question whether the people of the United
States have amended their Constitution or not?
Sir, I wish to legislate with certainty ; I wish
to know where I plant my foot; I wish to know
that the future shall be as we desire it to be ;
I wish to know whether, when it is proclaimed
that the amendment has been ratified, it is in-
deed ratified.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to know
what the Senator's opinion is upon the power
of Virginia, after she has been admitted into
the Union, to repeal her ratification of the
amendment? Will there be any such power
in that State?
Mr. DRAKE. That is not a question upon
which itis at all necessary to express any opinion
one way or the other.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one other question?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Assumingthat the State
of Virginia cannot do such a thing, is it abso-
lutely necessary to affix a heavy penalty for
the commission of an act that cannot be com-
mitted?
Mr. DRAKE. The purpose of this amend-
ment is to prevent the doing of an act of that
kind which is only to result in trouble and diffi-
culty to the country, embarrassing it from one
fit 0^'ler'. Now, why should we not do
that 1 We have it in our power. We can im-
pose this condition upon her if we could ever
impose any. Here is the simple preservative
of everything. If you adopt this proposition
her Legislature will never make a movement
toward the rescinding of their ratification of
the amendment. If you do not adopt it I ask
the Senate to observe the prediction, that in
ten days probably after her Senators and Rep-
resentatives are unconditionally admitted here
a movement will be made in the Legislature
there to rescind that ratification, and it will be
carried; and then the difficulty arises, the very
question that I want to prevent arising does
arise, the question whether she has a right to
rescind her ratification. I do not want that
question to come up. I want her ratification
to stand. Sir, I am astonished at the opposi-
tion to a proposition of this kind, which has
in view the security of everything in the future,
and which is in consonance with that which has
been done by the two Houses of Congress here-
tofore.
Mr. HOWE. I am not goiog to detain the
Senate long in a discussion of this question. I
rise mainly to call the attention of Senators
to the peculiar phraseology employed in the
amendment. Senators object to it all around
as an admission that a State can revoke its
ratification of a constitutional amendment after
the Legislature has once voted upon it. It seems
to me that objection is not well grounded. The
penalty, as ithasbeen called, which the amend-
ment proposes to impose upon certain conduct
which may possibly follow in the future is not
to follow upon the rescinding of the ratification
of the amendment; but the language of the
amendment is that if the Legislature of Vir-
ginia shall pass an act rescinding their ratifi-
cation—I will thank the Clerk to read it.
The Secretary road the amendment, as fol-
lows :
Provided, Thatshouldthe LegislatureofsaidState
at any time hereafter pass any act or resolution re-
scinding or annulling its ratification of the fifteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the passage of such act orresolution shall
operate to exclude the said State from representation
in Congress, and to remand said State to its condi-
tion immediately prior to the passage of this reso-
lution.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Isupposetherewillbeno
sort of doubt but what the Legislature of Vir-
ginia can pass an act or joint resolution which
in terms rescinds its ratification of the fifteenth
amendment. Thatwould undoubtedly raise the
question whether that resolution or that act did
revoke the assent of the State or not. I do
not see that we are necessarily to be supposed
by voting for this amendment to express the
opinion that that would' revoke the assent of
Virginia. But suppose it would be an expres-
sion of the opinion of the Senate that thatwould
make null the former vote of ratification, is it
so absolutely certain ? I put the question to
the lawyers of the Senate, that a State cannot,
after one Legislature representing it has agreed
to an amendment, afterward, before three
fourths of the States have agreed to it and thus
make it a part of the Constitution of the United
States, choose another Legislature which would
express its dissent before it had become a part
of the Federal Government? Is this so abso-
lutely certain that it is not proper for us to
adopt any precautions against it that we have
it in our power to adopt. I am not going to
say whether this thing can be done or not, but
I think I may say, in view of opinions to which
we have already listened, that it is not a per-
fectly settled matter that a State cannot with-
draw its ratification underthose circumstances.
Now, is this a proper precaution to adopt
against that? I do not know how it differs
from any other vote which the Senate has ever
taken and which has been called a funda-
mental condition. I do not know that any
Senator who objects to this proposition of the
Senator from Missouri draws any distinction
between it and any other proposition to which
the Senate has ever agreed and which has
gone by the general^ name of a fundamental
condition. That raises the question whether
we can impose fundamental conditions upon
the admission of a State.
Mr. POMEROY. We have tried it.
Mr. HOWE. My friend from Kansas says
we have tried it. We have as good evidence
that we can do it as the justice of the peace
had that he could try an action of ejectment.
He said he knew he could, for he had just
done it. We know we can impose these fund-
amental conditions, at least upon the evidence
that we have done it repeatedly. It will not
make our case any worse if we do it again.
After all, Mr. President, what is the objec-
tion to a fundamental condition ? Senators
say that when you take a State into the Union
it must be in all points in precisely the attitude
and the condition politically of every other
State, and that you cannot lake Nebraska, or
Virginia, or Utah into the Union at all unless
you take them in precisely upon the terms on
which you took New York and Wisconsin. Is
that so? All the power that the Constitution
gives to Congress to admit new States is that
it may admit new States—what is the lan-
guage?—upon equal terms.
Mr, HAMLIN. May admit new States into
the Union. Nothing is said about "equal
terms."
Mr. WILLIAMS. "New States may be
admitted by the Congress into this Union/1
Mr. HOWE. That is all there is of it. I
have heard the other phrase in so many speeches
that I thought it was in the Constitution.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the language with-
out the speeches.
Mr. HOWE. I owe an apology to the Sen-
ate for having accepted political speeches in
lieu of the text of the Constitution : but really
I thought there was something of that sort in
the Constitution. Then the Constitution simply
says that we may admit new States into the
Union. " New States may be admitted bythe
Congress into this Union." I suppose there
will not be any doubt but what new States can
be kept out of the Union ; and I suppose it
will not be denied that so long as territory and
people belonging to the United States are kept
out of the Union, in the sense in which those
words are used there, the Congress of the
United States must provide for the government
of them. If we can govern absolutely the Ter-
ritory of Wyoming; if we can make all laws,
as undoubtedly we may, for the regulation of
the concerns of that people until she is admit-
ted into the Union ; if we can appoint her Ex-
ecutives, her judicial tribunals, make either
her Legislatures or make her laws, as we choose,
if we can do that just as long as we please—and
does anyone question it?—can we not do less
than that at any time ? Can we not to-morrow
provide that Wyoming may choose a Legislature
and make her own laws, make them absolutely
if we say so ; make them subject to our veto
if we say so? If we have an authority to appoint
her Governors ourselves may we not by act
say that the people of Wyoming may appoint
them? May we not release that power to the
people of Wyoming? May we not also release
the further povver to them of creating their
own judicial tribunals and making their own
judges? May we not release just as much of
this power of government to the people of
Wyoming as we please, and just as little of it,
until we finally pass the act which admits them
into the Union as a State?
When we pass that act what is the effect of
it?. It denominates them a State. What are
their powers then? Certain powers the Con-
stitution declares States shall have; and when
you declare a people by act of Congress to be
a State I suppose they must be clothed with
all the prerogatives which the Constitution in
terms delegates to them. You are to look to
the Constitution to trace the boundaries be-
tween the powers which maybe exerted by the
government of a State and the Government of
the United States. Those powers are traced
in that instrument; but you are to look to the
laws of Congress in order to find what is a
State and what is not, because the Constitution
does not declare that any particular people
shall be a State ; Congress fixes that.
If I am right in these propositions, if we can
release just as much of this power as we please
and just as little of it as we piea^e to the people
of a Territory, then it seems to me that when
we pass that final act which makes Wyoming
a State we may impose any condition upon that
people which is not in violation of an authority
which the Constitution in terms says that State
shall have. I do not suppose we could admit
them into the Union and say they should
