"1870.
the Congressional globe.
5447
about 11 county court lawyers.'' This is a ques-
tion for the House to determine, upon their
oaths, whether or not the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution shall be enforced
within its Halls ; it is a question whether they
will refuse to enforce it in this House and yet
pass a bill enforcing it throughout the coun-
try.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
talks about treason under the Constitution, and
says that this report could not stand before a
county court, and all that sort of thing. Sir,
if 1 was to occupy the time of this House by
investigating his statements of law, I think the
gentleman would blush before the lawyers of
this House. We are nottalkingabout treason;
v.e are not talking about traitors. The ques-
tion before us is whether Mr. Rice gave aid
and comfort to the enemies of his country.
8ir, if accepting authority to recruit soldiers
for the rebel army, if starting on his way to
enlist soldiers to swell the rebel forces is not
giving aid and comfort to the enemy, then what
would be ?
Talk to me about the Constitution and about
tieason and about county courts and county
lawyers, and all that sort of thing. Why, sir,
would not making powder for the use of the
enemy be giving aid and comfort to the enemy ?
Suppose a man had a powder-mill in the most
remote corner of Kentucky, and did not see
any man of the rebels but the one who came
lo him and received the powder he had made,
would he not be giving aid and comfort to the
enemy? Suppose he was making guns or pro-
curing provisions for the rebel army, would he
not be aiding the enemy?
The question is not whether this man adhered
to tli e enemy under the old Constitution, but
whether he gave aid and comfort to the enemy,
under the Constitution as amended. Here is
tbe provisions of the amended Constitution of
the United States, which says that no person
who took an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States and afterward gave aid and
comfort to the rebellion shall be deemed eligi-
ble to any office under the Constitution of the
United States or the constitution of any State.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burr] says
ihere is no evidence that Mr. Rice has done
that. No evidence! Perhaps not. These wit-
nesses happen to have been loyal men. Colonel
Dils was in the Federal Army, was taken a
prisoner by the rebels and confined in Libby
prison. Old man Pigg was a Union man, per-
secuted for his loyalty. Thornberry was iu the
Union Army. I suppose they all swear falsely
when they swear about Mr. Rice having given
uid and comfort to the enemy ! Colonel Dils
was a man with a good Union record. Let us
see what he says :
"All I know of Mi'. Rice holding any position, or
noting with the confederate army, is from what he
told me himself. Mr. Itice told me m the year 1862,
niter I had went his bail in a bond at Louisville,
Kentucky, for his appearance before United States
court, that he was very lucky when he was captured
by the Union Jorces near Hatchers, Floyd county,
Kentucky; for if the boys had searched him t-hcy
would have found his commission and recruiting
impels; but they did not do so, and he destroyed
them tbe first opportunity he got. He a,Iso said if
General G \efikld had got those papers he was sat-
isfied he would have been sent off to some prison."
Now, did Colonel Dils swear to the truth ?
If so. and Mr. Rice told him the truth, he had
authority to recruit for the rebel army. Now,
if that is not giving aid and comfort to the
enemy, then say so without talking^ about the
Constitution and about treason. It it is not
giving aid and comfort to the enemy, then say
so, and tell the people what is giving aid and
comfort to the eneruy. I should like some one
to tell me what would be regarded as giving
aid and comfort to the enemy, if having au-
thority to recruit, and being on the way to
raise men to be put in the rebel army to shoot
down our soldiers, is not giving aid and com-
fort to the enemy.
Talk about mosquitoes and county court
lawyers and 110 evidence. Perhaps there is no
evidence to the minds of some gentlemen.
Perhaps they cannot understand evidence.
But there the words are, as plain as the Eng-
lish language can make them. What plainer
language woald you have than,11 Mr. Rice told
me he had authority, and was on his way?"
Did Colonel Dils commit perjury ? And what
does old man Thornberry say about the arrest
of Mr. Rice?
"I assisted in arresting him during the late war;
I assisted in arresting him the day after the battle
of Middle crock. I do not recollect the day of the
month of January, 1862. It was at Anthony Hatch-
er's. opposite the mouth of Mud creek, or nearly
opposite the mouth of Mud, in Floyd county, Ken-
tucky. I had a conversation with hiin during the
timehe was in arrest and at the timehe was arrested.
In regard to his connection with the so-called con-
federate army, he said if I would not let the Sowards
hurt him he would get his pistol and give it tome;
lie got the pistol and gave it to me. He said he had
a good horse, and asked me if X would jet them take
it away from him. I told him no, that he might ride
it himself. As we went on toward Paintsville'he
asked me if they would put a rebel or a confederate
officer in jail or prison, or would they let him have
the bounds of the camp or town. I said, 'No, John,
they would not put you in jail, they will let you have
the bounds of the camp.' Then he told me that he
either had a confederate commission of captain, or
would have in a few days. lie told me that he would
have taken command of a company in a few days if
you had not caught him."
He took him to General Garfield's camp.
And what did he do with him? He says to-day
that he did not find anything against him. If
so, then why did he require a parole of Mr.
Rice before he let him go? If he did not be-
lieve Mr. Rice to be a man dangerous to the
Union cause why did he not say to him, "Go
your way; there is nothing against you?"
Instead of discharging him unconditionally he
dismissed him upon his parole. Let us look
at that parole.
Headquarters Eighteenth Brigade,
Paintville, Kentucky, January 14,1862.
Mr. John M. Ric-e, of Louisa, Kentucky, having
pledged himself—
Why did Mr. Rice need to be put under a
pledge if he had done nothing prejudicial to
the Union cause? What necessity was there
for requiring a good Union man to pledge him-
self that he would not "aid or abet, directly or
indirectly, the confederate forces?"—
having pledged himself not to aid or abet, directly
or indirectly, the confederate forces in the present
war, is hereby released on his parole, and granted
safe conduct into the camps and through the lines
of Union troops, subject to all proper guard and
police regulations.
By order of Colonel J. A. Garfield, commanding
brigade:
W. H. CLAPP,
Assistant Adjutant General,
Mr. BURR. As a matter of justice to Gen-
eral Garfield, it ought to be stated that he said
in his testimony that he found no proof against
Mr. Rice. 1 call attention to the testimony
of General Garfield on this point:
" Question. The result of your examination was giv-
ing him a letter, was it not?
Answer. Yes, sir; if the committee will allow me
I will state how I disposed of persons arre&ted by
citizens or by my own troops. It I lound satisfactory
evidence that they were in actual communication
with the rebel army, and aiding the enemy, I sent
tiiem to Camp Cha>c, <xt Columbus, Ohio, as prison-
ers. There was a second class a?amst whom the
evidence was not so strong, but sufficiently strong to
lead me to suppose that they wore at least likely lo
takean active purtagainst us. With sach I adopted
the plan of requiring them to give bonds, and take
and subscribe an oath not to take any part against
our troops. These bonds required that if they wcio
found committing any overt act it was a confession
of the foiieiture expressed in the bonds. A tbird
class I required to give their word of honor that
they would not take any part against the United
States, but would remain peaceable citizens. To
these I gave a witten discharge. Such a paper I
gave to Mr. Itice."
Mr. BUTL1SR, ofTennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I am not disposed to put anything in this record
that is not there. I believe that these Union
men in Kentucky swore the truth. If thty
have sworn truly as to the statement made by
Mr. Itiee, then the question is whether this
House will solemnly declare that when a muu
took a commission and was on his way to
recruit for the rebel army he did not give aid
and comfort to the rebellion. If this is tne
construction of the fourteenth article of the
amendments of the Constitution, then let it qo
to the world as our interpretation of the Con-
stitution, and let the southern people have tbe
benefit of it.
The testimony is before the House. The
committee have honestly done what -they be-
lieved to be their duty. It was a painiful duty.
As the chairman well knows, I tried to be
relieved from making the report. But I could
not say upon my oath that Colonel Dils, a
worthy, true, and gallant Kentuckian, who was
imprisoned in Libby for his loyalty to the coun-
tryy swore falsely in the testimony before the
committee. Colonel Dils was a friend of Mr.
Rice, and traveled two hundred miles to Louis-
ville to go his security ; yet he swears that Mr.
Rice told him he had in his pocket authority
to recruit for the rebel army and was on his
way to do so. If this is giving aid and com-
fort to the rebellion, in the sense of the Con-
stitution, then Mr. Rice is not entitled to retain
a seat in this House. I shall be content with
the construction which this House may put
upon its own solemn_act.
The SPEAKER. Thefirst question is upon
the resolution reported by the minority of the
committee, as a substitute for the resolution of
the majority. The substitute will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. John M. Rice is justly entitled
to his seat as Representative in the Forty-First Con-
gress from the ninth district of the State ofKentucky.
The substitute was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the resolution
of the majority of the committee, as amended
by the adoption of the substitute.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution of the majority, as amended
by the adoption of the substitute was agreed to.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. Iam now willing to yield the
floor for a short time to such members as the
Chair may rccognize, for the transaction ot
general business, after which I shall call up
the election case of Joseph Segar.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The
Committee on Appropriations, to whonx were
referred the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (II. R. No. 1533) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1871, have directed me to report the same
back, with a written report recommending
concurrence in some of the amendments and
non-concurrence in others.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee on Appropriations, to whom the
bill (II. li. No. 1533) making appropriations for the
naval service tor the year ending June 30, lod, to-
! gethcr with tbe amendments oi the Senate thereto,
! was referred, having considered the same, beg leave
1 to report as follows : .
I Xhev recommcnd concurrence in the amendments
' ot the Senate numbered 23, 26. 36, 37, 38. <_>9, 40, 41,
42, 43, -16, 47, 43, 49, 50, 51. 52. 53, 54, 5o, o0, 0/, 59, 67,
OJ, 72, 74, 75, 76, 77, 73, 79, SO, 81, 84, 80, and 87.
They recommend non-concurrence in the amend-
ments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, o, 9.10,
11, 12,13,14,15, 16, 17,18,19, 20, 21, 22, 21, 2o, 2/, 29,
30, 31, 32, 35, 44, 45, 00, 61, 02, 63, 64, 05, 60, 68, <0, 8--,
83, and 85.
They recommend concurrence in the amendment
numbered 5, with an amendment, as follows: stiiko
oat on page 4, line eight of the bill, the words for
civil engineer. 82,500."
Tney recommend concurrence in the amendment
numbered 23, with &u amendment, as tolIows: sub-
stitute for the words proposed to be inserted bv said
amendment the following words : " £-00,000; and
on page 13, line seventeen of the bill, utter the word
"expended" strike out all the remainder of the
clause and substitute the following: l*in the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Navy, lor the pay-
ment of scrwees heietotore rendered m the inven-
tion and application of torpedoes."
They recommend concunenco in the amendment
numbered 33, with an amendment, as follows: sub-
stitute for the word "eight" in the first clause of
faid amendmentthe word "live;" and ia lieuot the
second clause of said amendment insert the follow-
ing : "to enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay
outstanding and approved biils for toois for navy-
yards, $101,000."
