1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2615
party held the reins of Government, we saw one
great southern and Democratic State—it had
always been a Democratic State—the State of
South Carolina, absolutely declare its entire
independence of the authority of the nation.
Was that obedience to the Constitution 1 Was
that fidelity to the Constitution ? What did the
rest of the Democratic party of the nation say
about it? At Wilmington, Delaware, a State
which never did declare its independence of
the Federal authority, they fired one hundred
guns " in honor of the secession of South Car-
olina." So the record says. Were they Rad-
icals who fired those guns in Wilmington?
Later than that it was reported that "the sub-
Treasurer at Charleston communicated to the
Government that the South Carolina authori-
ties will not allow him to pay any more drafts,"
not even to pay Anderson's men, who were
then garrisoning one of your forts in the har-
bor of Charleston. All the gold in his vaults
was to remain there. You then had a Demo-
cratic Government. All this thing was done
by Democrats; that is, they had all been Dem-
ocrats. I admit that the Democrats on this
floor did not authorize it; perhaps did not
encourage it. But what did you do to prevent
it? What did you do to correct it?
' 'J udge Jones, of the U nited States district court"—
This was on the lltli of January, 1801—
"this afternoon announced from the window of the
court-room in the custom-house building at Mobile
that the district court for the southern district of
Alabama was adjourned forever."
He was mistaken about it, but he said so.
What did the Democratic party do to resent
that violation of the Constitution? I have only
alluded to a few instances of what I call fla-
grant violations of the Constitution. I will
allude to one or two more.
A vessel was sent to Charleston harbor, to
do what? Reenforce a little garrison there in
Port Sumter. She returned soon afterward,
her officers reporting that they were unable to
discharge that simple duty under the Constitu-
tion. Did the Democratic party do anything
to correct that affront to the national author-
ity, to correct that violation of the Constitu-
tion? My friend, the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] reminds me in good time
that when we sent a vessel with provisions to
feed that same hungry garrison it had been
fired into. I do not mean to offend my friends
on this floor; but was it not fired into by Dem-
ocrats, and was it not driven back and pre-
vented from performing that humane mission
by Democrats? They said these things could
not be prevented; they said these things could
not be redressed; they said the Union was dis-
solved, and dissolved forever; they abandoned
the effort to hold the Union together. We took
up the work, and the Union is whole.
Mr. President, this was a good while ago.
I am reciting now acts of administration on
the part of the Democratic party, the consti-
tutionality of which I do not think they will
uphold. Now I am coming to a question^ of
oniniou. For the violations they charge against
us they charge them upon their opinion, and
I meet the charge with my opinion that they
were not violations of the Constitution. Only
two weeks since this Chamber rang with a de-
bate as to the right of a certain individual to
a seat on this floor. I express the opinion that
there is not to be found anywhere a more
flagrant violation of the Constitution of the
United States, a bolder and more wanton dis-
regard of the rights of a State, than was at-
tempted by our friends on the opposite side of
(lie Chamber in the course of that debate.
Daring the years from 1867 down to a late
period, while we denied the right of Missis-
sippi to send Senators here at all, our Demo-
cratic friends clamored that we were trampling
upon the rights of Mississippi, and when in
good time Congress declared that Mississippi
should have the right again to send Senators
here, when she elected them, when she com-
missioned them, when they came here, every
one of our friends on the opposite side of the
Chamber said firmly and sternly to the ap-
plication of each individual. "You shall not
come in."
The reason assigned for excluding one was,
I admit, a constitutional reason. They said
of one that he was not an inhabitant of the
State. That, if it had been true, was a con-
stitutional reason. As to the other, if there
was any reason assigned, it was an unconstitu-
tional reason, the reason simply that he was
black, or not white. I will not urge that ques-
tion. I am speaking in reference to the other.
I admit that you assigned a constitutional rea-
son for excluding the Senator from Missis-
sippi, General Ames, from his scat. You said
he was not an inhabitant of Mississippi; and
if he had not been an inhabitant of Mississippi
that was a sufficient reason for keeping him
out. But recollect that Mississippi knew as
well as we do whether he was an inhabitant of
that State or not. She was the party most
deeply interested in that question. She had
passed upon it. She said he was an inhabit-
ant. He himself, who knew more than Mis-
sissippi or we both could, whether he was an
inhabitant or not, said he was an inhabitant.
And yet our friends upon that side of the
Chamber, deaf to what the applicant himself
said, deaf to what Mississippi said, undertook
to say for themselves that he was not an in-
habitant, and thus to exclude him from his
seat. And.-yet when they said so there was
not one ofi them who would venture to deny
that General Ames was a resident of Missis-
sippi ; there was not one of them who would
venture to deny that General Ames intended
to continue a resident of Mississippi. There
was not one of them who ventured to deny
that those two facts concurring made him an
inhabitant of Mississippi under your Constitu-
tion, and yet they said he was not an inhabit-
ant of Mississippi. Why was he not an inhab-
itant of Mississippi? Really to this day I do
not know why he was not.
My friend from Maryland [Mr. Vickeks]
suggests that my friends argued that point
more strongly than they. Well, their method
of arguing is rather the strongest, I think.
[Laughter.] That is from force of liabit; when
they get on the wrong side they will argue
stronger than my friends of the Opposition.
So he must not be surprised at that.
Mr. President, I know I am treating of mat-
ters of opinion. I am not denying the sincerity
of any of those gentlemen who declared that
General Ames was not a resident of Missis-
sippi ; I simply say they must not deny my sin-
cerity or the sincerity of Mississippi when we
together say he was an inhabitant ot that State.
Mr. President, if we are guilty of violating
the Constitution we are very much to blame;
there is no need of it. We who have power
to make constitutions; we who can incorporate
whatever amendments we please in the Con-
stitution, are to be held inexcusable if we do
violate them. We have exerted that author-
ity ; we have made amendments to the Consti-
tution. We plead guilty to that, whatever guilt
there is in it. But have we not just as good a
right to propose amendments to the Constitu-
tion as Democrats have? When they were in
possession of the Government they proposed
and tried to amend the Constitution. Whether
we are guiltier than they for that conduct I
suppose must be determined upon the relative
character of the amendments which we have
adopted and of those they proposed. I pro-
pose, Mr. President, if you will indulge me,
to contrast the amendments which Democrats
proposed with the amendments which Repub-
licans have adopted. It so happened that in
1801, before the Republican party came into
power, a Democrat from Ohio proposed to add
three new articles to the Constitution; and I
ask that the Clerk read the thirteenth article,
i which was proposed by an Ohio Demoeiat.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Article XIII.
" Section 1. The United States are divided into
four sections, as follows:
" The States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New
York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, and alt new
States annexed and admitted into the Union, or
formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any of
said States, or by the junction of two or more of the
same or of parts thereof, or out of territory acquired
north of said States, shall constitute one section, to
be known as the North. -
"Tho States of Ohio. Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Kansas, and all
new States annexed or admitted into the Union, or
erected within the jurisdiction of any of said States,
or by the junction of two or more of the same or ot
parts thereof, or out of territory now held or here-
after acquired north of latitude^ 30° 30' and e*w t ot
the crest of the Rocky mountains, shall constitute
another section, to be known as the West.
"The States of Oregon and California, and all new
States annexed and admitted into the Union, or
formed or erected within tlie jurisdiction of any of
said States, or by the junction of two or moro ot tho
same or of parts thereof, or out of territory now held
or hereafter acquired west of the crest of the Rocky
mountains and of the Rio Grande, shall constitute
another section, to be known as the Pacific.
"The States of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas,
Tennessee, Kentucky, and Missouri, and all new
States annexed and admitted into the Union, or
formed or crected within the jurisdiction of any of
said States, or by the junction of two or more of the
same or of parts thereof, or out of territory acquired
east of the Rio Grande and south of latitude 36 30',
shall constitute another section, to be known as the
South. r,
"Sec. 2. On demand of one third of the Senators
of any one of the sections on any bill, order, resolu-
tion, or vote, to which the concurrence of the Houso
of Representatives may be necessary, except on a
question of adjournment, a vote shall be had by sec-
tions, and a majority of the Senators from each sec-
tion voting shall be necessary to the psusage of such
bill, order, or resolution, and to the validity of every
such vote. * , , ,r-
"Sec. 3. Twoof the electors for President and Vieo
President shall be appointed by each State, in such
manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, for the
State at large. The other electors to which each State
may Lie entitled shall be chosen, in the respective
congressional districts into which the Stato may at
the regular decennial period have been divided, by
the electors ot each district having the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous branch
of theStateLegislature. A majority of all the electors
in each of the four sections in this article established
shall be necessary to the choice of President ana
Vice President; and the concurrence of a majority
of the States of each section shall be necessary to the
choice of President by the House of Representatives,
and of the Senators irom each section to the choice
of Vice President by the Senate, whenever the right
of choice shall devolve upon them, respectively.
"Sec. 4. The President and Vice President shall
hold their offi-ss each during tho term of six years;
and neither shall be eligible to more than one term
except by tho votes of two thirds of all the electors
of each section, or of the States of each sectiou, \v nen-
cver the right of choice of President shall devolve
upon the House of Representatives, or of tne fcen-
ators from each section, whenever the nghtot choice
of Vice President shall devolve upon the Senate.
"Sec. 5. The Congress shall by law provide tor the
case of a failure by the House of Representatives to
choose a President, and of the Senate to choose a.
Vice President, whenever the right of choice shall
devolve upon them respectively, declarmgwhat offi-
cer shall then act as President; and such officer snail
act accordingly until a President shall be elected.
The Congress shall also provide by law for a special
election for President and Vice President m such case,
to be held and completed within six months irom tlie
expiration of the term of office of the last preceding
President, and to be conducted in all respects as pro-
vided tor in the Constitution for regular elections, ot
the same officers, except that if the House ot Repre-
sentatives shall not choose a President, should the
right of choice devolve upon them, within twenty
days from the opening of the certificates couul-
ing of the electoral votes, then tho \ ice President
shall act as President, as m the case of the death or
other constitutional disability oi the i resident. Iho
term of office of tlie President chosen under such
special election shall continue six years from the
4th day of March preceding such election.
Mr. IIOWE. That was the article proposed
by a Democrat. The Republicans proposed
a substitute for it. I will read their article
thirteen  . _. , „
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend from
Wisconsin allow me to interrupt him loi a
moment? , ,
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. As he seems to be going
into historical reminiscences, will he allow me
to remind him that another very distinguished
Ohioan about that same time, a man who be-
