2616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ApriL 12,
longed to the same party that the Senator from
Wisconsin does, proposed a constitutional
amendment by which no authority could ever
be given to Congress, bat was absolutely for-
bidden to Congress—nay, not only to Congress,
but to the Government of the United States—
ever to abolish slavery; and it was provided
that no amendment to the Constitution of the
United States should ever be made to abolish
slavery. Will he allow me to remind him
further that that proposed amendment passed
both Houses of Congress, the Republicans vot-
ing for it, and was adopted by the votes of the
Republican majority in the General Assembly
of the State of Ohio?
Mr. HOWE. I am very much obliged to
the honorable Senator from Ohio for remind-
ing ma of that passage in our history. I should
have forgotten to allude to it. He has done
what I did not propose to do at all, called the
attention of the men of to-day to what the
Republicans of that day were willing to do to
avoid that bloody struggle through which we
were compelled to pass. But having been
forced, in spite of our reluctance, to that strug-
gle, we have gone through it in the manner I
have attempted to recite to the Senate; and
coming out of it, instead of tho amendment
proposed by tho Ohio Democrat or the amend-
ment to which the Senator from Ohio has
called our attention, we have placed this in
the Constitution as article thirteen:
'' Ncither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as .1 punishment for crime whereof tho party shall
havo been duly convicted, shall exist within tlio
United States or any place subject to their jurisdic-
tion.
"Sue.2. Oongresssliallliavo powor to enforeo this
article by appropriate legislation."
Mr. President, will the Secretary now read
tho fourteenth article that was proposed by
that Ohio Democrat?
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Abticlb XXV.
" No Stato shall scoede without tho consent of the
Legislatures of all tho States of tho section to which
tho Stato proposing to secodo belongs. Tho Presi-
dentshall havepowerto adjust with socoding States
all questions arising by reason of their secession;
but tho terms of adjustmont shall bo submitted to
the Congress for their approval before tho sarno
shall be valid."
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Presideut, in lieu of that,
under Republican administration, a fourteenth
article of .amendment has been incorporated
into the Constitution, which reads as follows:
."Aeticlb XIV.
"Sue. 1. All persons born or naturalized in tho
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of tho United States and of the Stato
wherein they reside. No Statcshallmakeor cnlbrco
any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-
munities of citizens of tho United States; nor shall
any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without duo process ot law, nor deny to any
person within its jurisdiction the equal protection
of the laws.
"Sec. 2. Representatives shall bo apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting tho whole number ox porsons
in oaeh State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
when the right to vote at any election for tho choice
of electors for President and Vico President of tho
United States, Keprcsentatives in Congress, tho ex-
ecutive and judicial officers of a State, or the mem-
bers of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
the malo inhabitants of such State, being twenty-ono
years of ago and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion or other crime, the basis of representation thorein
shall ho reduced in the proportion which thenumbnr
of such male citizens shall bear to tho whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.
"Si;c. 3. No person shall boa Senator or Eepro-
sentanve in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under tho United States, or under any Stato, who,
having previously taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an execu-
tive or judicial officer of any State, to support tho
Constitution of tho United States, shall have eDgagcd
in insurrection or rebellion against the same or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each IIouso, romove
such disability."
I will now ask the Secretary to read the
fifteenth article proposed by that Ohio Demo-
crat.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Aeticle XV.
"Neither the Congress nor a territorial Legislature
shall have power to intcrfcro with tho right of thtt
citizens ofany oftho States within cither of the sec-
tions to migrate upon equal torms with tho citizens
of tho States within cither of tho other sections, to
the Territories of tho United States; nor shall cither
have powor to destroy or impair apy rights of either
person or proporty in tho Territories. New States
annexed for admission into tho Union,or foriaed or
erectod within tho jurisdiction ofother States, or by
tho junction of two or moro States, or parts of States,
and States formed with tho consent of tho'Congress,
out of any territory oi'tlio Unitod States, shall bo
entitled to admission upon an equal footing with the
original States, under any constitution establishing
a government republican in form, which tho people
thoreof may ordain, whenever such States shall con-
tain, within an area of not less than thirty thousand
square miles, a population equal to the thon existing
ratio of representation for one member of tho House
of Representatives."
Mr. NORTON. I ask the Secretary what is
lie reading from ?
The Chief Clehk, The Congressional Globe,
part one, page 705, Thirty-Sixth Congress, sec-
ond session.
Mr. HOWE. In lieu of that the fifteenth
article of amendment proposed by the Repub-
lican party, and recently proclaimed, reads as
follows:
"Tho right of citizens of tho Unitod States to vote
shall not Co denied or abridgod by tho United State3
or by any Stato, on account of racc, color, or pre-
vious condition ofsorvitudo.
"Tho Congress shall have power to onforco this
articlo by appropriate legislation."
Upon the comparative merits of, these sev-
eral articles I for one am willing} to take the
judgment of tho American peoplo and the
judgment of posterity.
Mr. President, I listened with something of
sympathy to that passionate wail which came
up from tho honorable Senator from Ohio tho
other day when he exclaimed that he did not
know but that ho had outlived his time. Let
mo assure him that the case is not so bad as
that. Time is still left to him, happily. All
that ails him is tlmt he has outlived tho Dem-
ocratic party. He seemed to fear that the
American people had become insensible to
violations of the Constitution. Why should
they not, since they have ceased to witness
violations of the Constitution ? They were
quite sensible of them while they were prac-
ticed. We have been shielding and setting up
the Constitution. There is reason why they
should be insensible to such violalions.
The Senator ventured to summon us to sur-
render to the Democratic party, which ho said
gave peacc, and order, and prosperity. Mr.
President, 1 do not wish to bo offensive, but I
think history justifies me in saying that every
drop of blood which has been shod from the
time that Baltimore Democrats fired upon the
troops who were coming to the defense of the
capital to that later time, when a Democratic
bullet went crashing through the vitals of the
President of the United States, has either been
shed by Democratic hands or has been caused
to flow by the crimes of Democrats. And now
why should wc seek to surrender this great
country, coming to peace, coining to law, com-
ing to order; why should we seek to fling it
back into the hands of the Democratic party?
Sir, if it would not be thought disrespectful
I should like in tho conclusion of these very
protracted remarks to make some slight allu-
sion to the pending question, which, 1 believe,
concerns the admission of the State of Geoigia
to her right, of representation in these Houses.
Now, the few words that 1 have to say upon
this matter I wish to say to my friends on this
side of tho Chamber, and to say in strict con-
fidence. This bill proposes to declare that the
State of Georgia is entitled to representation
in the Congress of the United States. 1 do
not know of any reason why tliatis not true, un-
der the laws as they now exist. I find that Geor-
gia, so far as I have heard from her lately, is
unanimously in favor of being restored to this
right; but there are two parties there, it seems,
differing as to the terms upon whichihey should
accept this restoration.. Ona party desire this
admission with power to have a new election
of officers next fall.' • The other party desire
to have it if they can be exempted from, any
such election for some two years to come.
But do wo-not all know that it is of the very
essence of a State thatits people have, at the
periods prescribed by their own laws, the right
to elect their own officers?- Are we prepared
to say that we will authorize a-people to send
representatives to this House and to the other
when we dare not trust them to elect their own
officers, their Governor, and their Legisla-
ture? It seems to me that we ought to-hesi-
tate to do that. I for one, contemplating the •
condition of Georgia, as well as I am able to
understand it, have come to the conclusion that
there are two grave, if not insuperable objec-
tions to clothing Georgia with the prerogatives
of a State at the present time. One of those
objections is that they do not come to us with
a constitution whioh I can possibly regard as
republican in form. Remember, three years
ago a government existing in Georgia was wiped
out of existence upon the allegation that it was
not republican in form; but here is a constitu-
tion, with which Georgia comes to us to-day,
which I cannot fail to believe authorizes the
existing Legislature of Georgia to perpetuate
its existence just as long as it chooses to do so.
That is not a republican provision.
But if I am wrong upon this point, it seems
to me there is another reason why we should
refuse to admit Georgia to the enjoyment of
the prerogatives of a State.
There is nothing in the world so dangerous
to a people as the prerogatives of a State when
tho- people of tho State aro divided into two
parties, each of which hates the other more
than they hate injustice, wrong, and outrage.
Republicanism is a success in Connecticut, in
Ohio, in Wisconsin. Why? Because, although
antagonistic parties there do not like each other
very well, they after all like each other better
thon either of them likes injustice ; and there
is a common struggle there between the par-
ties, a common rivalry to see which shall do
tho best to promote the welfare of the whole.
But put the prerogatives of a State into tho
hands of a people divided into two parties or
more, each of which getting hold of them will
use them to crush out and oppress tho other,
and that is a dangerous experiment; because
one party or the other must get hold of those
prerogatives, and whichever gets hold of them
uses them for purposes of iniquity and injus-
tice, not for purposes of right and justice.
Now, Mr. President, we have seen something
of tho disposition of both tho parties now
existing in Georgia. A short time ago we
found one party there in possession of tho
authority of the Legislature. What did they
do? They drove from their seats more than a
score of members regularly elected to them.
That was not the end of that piece of iniquity.
They filled those seats with other men who
never had been elected at all. That was the
disposition manifested by one party. What is
said to be the disposition manifested by the
other? It is declared that they absolutely mean,
m defiance of what is the true meaning of the
constitution of Georgia, if tho constitution is
republican, to seize upon the whole authority
of the State and to hold it in defiance of popu-
lar opinion for at least two years to come, and
how much longer cannot be foretold. I do
not think that it is safe for us to trust the pre-
rogatives of a State into the hands of either of
those parties.
It is said that violence exists throughout
Georgia, and in the rauks of those opposed to
what you call the Radical party; that the Ku-
klux Klan is in full force there, is organized;
that they go about the streets masked, and by
night committing violence upon property, upon
person, and upon life. But, Mr. President,
can you mend that by continuing the present
