APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United Stales.
iron ; the wash-stands for principal stories to
have China bowls and countersunk marble
slabs ; for basement, entrance story, and upper
stories, the wash-stands will consist of enameled
iron.
The public water-closets to have sen-acting
hopper-closets ; the private closets to be pan-
lever pull closets; all the bath-tubs to be cop-
per-planished with seamless bottom to be set
on well-boxes, let into the lead-lined floors. The
plumber's wor.k for principal-story bath-tubs
will all be provided with silver-plated cocks,
plugs, and chains. Lead-lined small tanks
with bells and ball cocks for the supply of
evaporating pans of the coil chambers, so as
to supply moisture to the heated air through-
out the house.
No -waste-pipe to be less than two inches,
and no soil pipe to be less than five inches, in-
terior diameter, and all to be securely and well
connected and trapped' from the main sewer
pipes leading to the canal. Three-inch main
gas-pipes to be introduced for the supply of the
house, and to be properly graduated through-
out all the rooms, corridors, and passages of
the house, 6top-cocfcs to be introduced in suffi-
cient number, so as to enable the gas to be
shut off immediately from any section of the
building where any alarm of fire may be given.
All the painting through the house, outside
and inside, to be done in four coats, with best
Lewis's white lead and linseed oil, or zinc
paint, as the case may require it. The parlors
and public, rooms of second and third stories
to be finished artistically in parti-colors, with
China gloss. The glazing of rear elevation
and skylight, and so forth, to be done with
best Baltimore glass, single or double as the
case may require.
All the down spouts from the roof to bocon-
nocted with the sewer, so as to keep them from
freezing and serve the purpose of ventilating
the sewer.
B—Wing along Seventh Street Front.
The entire frontage on Seventh street, to
(he south of the above described building,
will bo appropriated to a two-story building,
seventy-five feet in width, and covered with a
motal roof. For character of tho foundations,
reference is made to that specified for building
on the avenue. There will be a cellar, con-
taining an independent steam-heating appa-
ratus for tho second story of this building, ar-
ranged fully equal to the one described before.
The first story will be arranged for a large and
open market hall, prepared to receive con-
venient, large sized, and tasty modern market
stalls, not less than twenty feet high; the floor
to be laid with a proper fall toward traps for
each stall or set of stalls, connecting by large-
sized drain-pipes with the sewer. This hall
will have a brick floor upon a concrete found-
ation, except that part constituting the drive-
way for wagon3 leading into the hollow square,
and which will be laid with the most approved
wood pavement. Ample light and air will be
thrown into this hall by pivoting windows on
the east and west side, which will be glazed
with ground glass to intercept the solar rays.
Two row.? of wrought-iron columns will support
rolled-iron girders, supporting afire-proof floor,
constructed by brick arches sprung between
rolled-iron double T beams.
Wide fire-proof stairs of wrought and cast
iron lead to the second story ot' this wing, con-
taining ample audspacious office rooms. All
these rooms to have wooden floors laid on con-
crete, filling up the haunches of the brick
arches. The finish .of this wing to be equal
in substance and style t,o that of the office
rooms m the new building lately erected for
the .Department of Agricclture; tho parti-
tions to be of brick wherever feasible, and the
ceiling to be light but fire-proof. Xhs out-
side walls of this building to be constructed
of the best hard-burned bricks, with a chastely
ornamented pressed-brick front, facing Seventh
street; window-sash in imitation of French
sash, glazed with crystal sheet-glass. The frame
of the roof to be solidly constructed, and to
be thoroughly trussed, ventilation shafts to
reach above roof for market hall, and venti-
lating flues for all the office rooms, with the
necessary registers. Light wells above corri-
dors. All the details required for the success-
ful execution of the work to be provided for
and done, such as plumbing and gas-fitting,
fully equal to that specified before.
C— Wing along Ninth Street.
This wing will be laid out similar to that on
Seventh street, to which reference is made,
therefore, for the construction of foundations,
walls, floors, and roof.- But the width of this
wing will be eighty feet outside measure.
The first story of this building will be appro-
priated again for market stalls, and all the
appointments made for the Seventh street wing
will therefore be also applicable for this wing.
The second story of this wing will be reached
by wide and commodious iron stairs at both
ends, and will be appropriated in toto for a
grand hall, with surroundinggalleriesand extra
height, so as to be useful for conventions and
other extraordinary occasions of national im-
portance. All the necessary dressing and retir-
ing rooms, and water-closets areamply provided.
The galleries to be supported by ornamental
brackets of cast and wrought iron, firmly secured
and anchored through the whole thickness of
outside walls. Floor of narrowest North Caro-
lina yellow pine, to be waxed. Heavy and
wide doors will open outward. Heavy trim-
mings for \9indows and doors, coved and pan-
eled ; ornamental ceiling, with perforated
largest-sized rosettes above the chandeliers,
arranged so as to discharge the foul air into
large ventiducts reaching above roof. This hall
to be heated by steam like the other buildings.
C—Market Shed on South Front.
Along the south front of the square, and con-
necting the two wings on Seventh and Ninth
streets, there will be built a one-story market
shed, sixty feet in width, and in style as marked
out inthcsectioual drawings and ground plans.
This shed will be erected on a sufficient founda-
tion, and will bo supported by cast-iron col-
umns, carrying a neat and appropriately de-
signed, planed, open roof construction. The
drainage will be so regulated as to afford facil-
ities for keeping live fish in basins during the
hotseason. The south side of this shed between
the iron columns will be inclosed by a light
brick-base wall, seven feet in height, and wide
stationary blinds above. All the exposed iron,
tin, and wood work, inside and outside, to be
well [tainted in three-coat work and tints, as
will be directed by the architect. Roof to be
covered by best bright roofing, tin on felt, laid
upon a tongued and grooved planed narrow
sheathing. Down spouts and surface drainage
to be connected with sewer.
D—Alley.
Along the south front of the principal build-
ing on the avenue (described under head A)
there will be a paved alley twentv feet in width,
with covered entrance and exit for wagons on
Seventh and Ninth streets. The covered part
to be paved with wood, and the open part to
be paved with wood or paving stone, as will be
found most suitable.
E—Additional Market Sheds.
Along the southern line of the alley, and
parallel with the main building, also against
the inner walls of the wings on Seventh and
Ninth streets, and in a manner so as to surround
the hollow square formed by the improvements
previously described, and as laid down dis-
tinctly and well defined on ground plan and
sectional drawings, there will be built market
stands in style, substance, and finish similar
to that described for southern front (under
hgad C.) These structures being lower than
the market halls under the main roofs, abund-
ant space is left for head-lights above the light
roofs of the sheds, through which to pass light
and air into these closed market halls. All
these sheds have brick floors.
F—Court yard.
The court-yard will be paved with wood, by
either one of the best-tested or most approved
systems, in best manner, and with a due fall,
so as to afford an easy surface drainage. At
the most convenient place in center of court-
yard there will be constructed an ornamental
fountain. The covered entrances for pedes-
trians from the avenue front into the market
square will also be laid with wood pavement,
as above.
0—Sewer.
Through the center of the square, from north
to south, an*egg-shaped sewer* of brick-work
laid in cement will be built, into which all the
large-sized drain-pipes from the different sec-
tions of the whole improvement will discharge
in a manner so as to sweep off all the rain-
water, waste, and soil, and also to drain effi-
ciently the ground of the whole square.
General Conditions. x
The specifications and drawings are intended
to cooperate, so that anything exhibited in the
drawings and not mentioned in the specifica-
tions, or vice versa, is to be executed the
same as if both were mentioned in the speci-
fications, and set forth in the drawings, to the
true meaning and spirit of said drawings. All
the work to be done under the direction and
according to the designs of thArchitect of the
company. It is understood that these speci-
fications are intended to include all and every-
thing necessary to the completion of all the
improvements in a good, substantial, and work-
manlike maimer, and modern style, with best,
sound materials for each and every part and
department, at the company's own cost.
Approved, May 20, 1870.
[The drawings referred to in this act are on
file with the original in the Department of
State.]
Ciiai'. CIX.—An Act to Incorporate the Co-
lumbia Railway Company of the District
of Columbia.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That William Gunton,
John C. McKclden, Samuel Fowler, Wm. B.
Todd, Wm. II. Clagett, John F. Callan, S. P.
Brown, George H. Plant, W. C. Bestor, B,
M. Gallaudet, R. C. Fox, Matthew Q. Emery,
Wm. Stiekney, Martin M. Rohrer, Richard
Sutton, David D. Cone, Robert Williams,
Wm. P. Copeland, Wm. H. Nalley G. II. B.
White, James T. Pritchard, J. C. Wall, John
H. MeCutehen, Poulus Thyson, Bernard
Hayes, Jacob D. Kitch, and their associates
and assigns, be, and they are hereby, crpated
a body-corporate, under the name of the Co-
lumbia Railway Company, with authority to
construct and lay down a single or double
track railway, with the necessary switches and
turn-outs, in the city and county of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia, through and
along the following avenues, streets, and high-
ways: commencing at a point on the eastern
side of west Fifteenth street, on New York
avenue, thence eastwardly along said avenue
to its intersection with north K street; thence
along noitli K street to its intersection with
Massachusetts avenue; thence along Massa-
