mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
fifteenth, amendment, bat who desire the final
pacification and reconstruction of the South,
not to abjure their pow§r: in too much haste.
Before thjs session is e.nded we m^-y be called
upon to deal-with- one .of -these States, and I
ho>pe Senator? will, not commit themselves on
the record to a, line of policy which will prevent
them from* dealing witji such States.
Then, Mr. President,, there can be no objec-
tion to the, adoption of this, amendment. I
maintain the- doctrine that if it shall be essen-
tial, or if those. States shall violate the great
fundamental condition upon which they come
in, they will not,be beyond our reach. Sir, if
we admit that they are beyond our reach, then
the work of reconstruction is in vain. It is not
improbable th^t the political power,in all of
those States may finally pass into the hands
of m.en who have been rebels; and if they un-
derstand that th'ey are beyond our, power have
we any security as to what they will or will not
do ? Let us, however, act for the present; let
us secure one thing at a time. I believe in
practical legislation. I believe in the officer
that can gain a victory. I believe in the states-
man that can do a thing. Now, sir, the great
thing to be accomplished, of more political
importance than, anything else, is to secure the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment. It is
the great peace measure. It will afford more
security than any other reconstruction measure
for the final peace of the whole South.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have but
one word to say, and it is one of gratitude to
the Senator from Indiana for the complete
adhesion which he now makes to a principle
of constitutional law which I have no doubt is
unassailable. The Congress of the United
States will have forcvermore the power to pro-
tect reconstruction. No one of these States
by anything that it may do hereafter can es-
cape from that far-reaching power. I call it
far-reaching—it will reach just as far as the
endeavor to counteract it; it is coextensive
with the Constitution itself. I have no doubt
of it, and I am delighted that the distinguished
Senator from Indiana has given to it the sup-
port of his authority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
for information, because I feel as he does about
it, what he will say to the power of Congress
when a different political majority, assuming
that to be possible, in after years shall begin
to legislate the other way and undo what we
are trying to do now ?
Mr. SUMNER. I said "to protect recon-
struction," not to destroy reconstruction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The power to enact laws
without the power to repeal them?
Mr. SUMNER. The power to protect re-
construction, to protect the rights of loyal
men under our reconstruction laws; that is the
power which I claim for Congress always. I
am unwilling that any one shall do anything to
abnegate it, to diminish it, to impair it in any
way. It is one of the sacrcd posers of this
Government.
And now, sir, in reply to another suggestion,
the suggestion that came from my friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpe tek,] why adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri ? To
my mind the answer is very clear, and it is
given by an authority that my friend I know
will not question, by Shakespeare when he
speaks to us of the necessity of making " as-
suiance double sure." That is my authority:
that is law; it is reason; it is poetry, too. I
would _ make assurance double sure;" and
now what are the two assurances 1 would have''
I'irst, every effort by a State such as has
been made m Ohio or in New York is abso-
lutely void and of no effect. - It amounts to
nothmg;. it is absurd; it is a constitutional
ndiculosity. And yet, with that conviction I
have no hesitation in saying that it is the duty
of Congress to provide as many a&ditional
assurances on that important question as pos-
sible; if you please, to shingly over this bill
with, fundamental conditions j you cannot ap-
ply too many of them. Let it not be said that
Congress has not the power. It has the power,
and now is the time to exercise it and "make
assurance double sure."
While I feel so grateful to my friend from
Indiana for what he has said, he will allow me
to express my dissent from another proposi-
tion of his. He says that we are now bound
under our reconstruction acts to admit Vir-
ginia. I deny it.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I do not pretend that there
is any clause in the reconstruction acts which
in express words requires us to admit Virginia
upon the compliance with certain conditions ;
but what I mean to say is that there went forth
with those laws an understanding to the coun-
try's clear and distinct as if it had been writ-
ten in the statute, that upon a full and honor-
able compliance with them those States should
be admitted. I will ask my friend from Mas-
sachusetts if that understanding did not exist?
Mr. SUMNER. My answer to the Senator
is found in the last section of the act authoriz-
ing the submission of the constitution of these
'States, as follows:
" That the proceedings m any of said States shall
not be deemed final or operate as a complete restor-
ation thereof until their action respectively shall be
approved by Congress."
What is the meaning of that? The whole
case is brought before Congress for considera-
tion. We are to look into it and consider the
circumstances under which these elections
have taken place, and see whether we can
justly give to them our approval. Is that vain
language? Was it not introduced for a pur-
pose? Was it merely for show? Was it for
deception? Was it a cheat ? No, sir ; it was
there with a view to a practical result, to meet
precisely the ease now before the Senate. That
is a seeming compliance with the requirements
of our reconstruction policy, but a failure in
substance.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask him if the purport
of that language is not substantially this : that
after all these things have been done by the
States it is for Congress to judge whether the
conditions have been fully, substantially, and
fairly complied with. It is very possible that
conditions might subsequently arise even where
those terms had been complied with that would
make the admission of the State improper.
But, was not that the understanding we had,
and was not that the understanding upon which
the South acted in regard to the meaning and
effect of that language ?
Mr. SUMNER. If the South acted on that
understanding they were mistaken. I think
I am in a condition to say that such was not
the understanding of those who had the most
to do with the drawing of that bill. I sat in a
committee which drafted the first important
bill, entitled " An act to provide for the more
efficient government of the rebel States," and
I know the origin of every sentence of that
bill, and I know how it was discussed in the
committee.
Mr.^ STEWART. I will call the Senator's
attention to the first bill,which said in so many
words that when they had done these things
they should be admitted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They refused to be admit-
ted under that.
Mr. STEWART. They refused to be admit-
ted under that, and the Judiciary Committee
prepared the second law.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I will read what was
in the bill of March 2, 1867, entitled "An act
to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States." It declares in the pre-
amble that "it is necessary that peace and
good order should be enforced in said States"
—strong language that—"until loyal and re-
publican State governments can be legally
established." That is what Congress is to
require. To that end Congress must look into
"the circumstances of the case; it must con-
sider what the condition of the people there is,
whether this new government is loyal, whether
it is in the hands of loyal people. To that
duty Congress is summoned by its very legisla-
tion ; the duty is laid down in advance; and
so you may go through all these reconstruction
statutes and you will find that under all of them
the whole subject is brought back ultimately to
the discretion of Congress. This whole sub-
ject now is in the discretion of Congress. I
trust that Congress will exercise it so that life
and liberty and property shall be safe.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I presume
allusion was made to me by the Senator from
Indiana when he admonished Senators not to
be too hasty in disclaiming power and jurisdic-
tion ovey the States lately in insurrection. I
do not propose to commit myself upon this
occasion to any future course of action in refer-
ence to those States, and I am as anxious to
protect the reconstruction measures of Con-
gress as the Senator can he; but it does not
necessarily follow that there is no limitation
whatever upon the action of Congress.
Now, sir, I make a specific objection, a con-
stitutional objection to this amendment, and
like most objections of that kind in this body,
it is overwhelmed with a torrent of eloquence,
and a very thrilling appeal to the Republicans
of this body. Sir, when the Senators from Vir-
ginia take their seats in this Chamber Virginia
is a State. Can any political community be
represented in the Senate of the United States
that is not a State? Can a Territory be rep-
resented in the Senate? Can one of those
States that we treat as subject to the legisla-
tive jurisdiction of Congress in all respects be
entitled to representation in this body ? This
amendment proposes to allow Senators from
the State of Virginia to take their seats in this
body as Senators from the State of Virginia,
and then it proposes if the Legislative Assembly
of Virginia shall perform a certain act prohib-
ited by this amendment, to eject and expel those
Senators from this body. The Constitution of
the United States provides that "no State with-
out its consent shall be deprived of its equal
suffrage in the Senate." When Virginia is re-
stored to representation, when her Represent-
atives, pursuant to this legislation, take their
seats in the House of Representatives, and her
Senators take their seats in this body, Virginia
is a State, and I deny that Congress has any
power under the Constitution to deprive Vir-
ginia of her equal suffrage in the Senate.
I do not pretend upon this occasion, because
it is not necessary, to controvert the proposi-
tion that Congress may impose fundamental
conditions upon the admission of a State. I
have many misgivings upoiUhat question, but
I deny that Congress can impose conditions
that are directly in conflict with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Suppose that when
Nebraska applied for admission into the Union
some of the Senators representing the large
States, believing that there was not equal rep-
resentation in this body, had required a con-
dition that Nebraska should have only one
Senator in the Senate of the United States;
Nebraska would, no doubt, have been admitted
under that legislation; her Representatives
would have taken their seats in the other body
and her one Senator in this body; but who
doubts that if that fundamental condition had
ever been brought before any respectable court
of justice it would have been declared void as
in violation of the Constitution of the United
States ?
Now, this is the point that I make, inde-
pendent of the other objection, for I claim that
this will be construed as an implication that a
State may rescind its ratification; but inde-
pendentof that objection I say that you propose
as fundamental condition to the admission of
this State a condition which is absolutely in
