1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
wbom the moat ancient of these treaties were
made, that is not true. The Cherokees, Choc-
taws, and Chickasaws have their legislative
councils, their regularly established govern-
ments, and their courts of justice. They have
their delegates here in this city to attend to
their interests, and they know immediately any
action which is taken by Congress adverse to
their interests. I want to say further that this
does not apply merely to the highly civilized
tribes; but there is an uneasiness among the
Indians generally on account of the treatment
we have given them heretofore; there is an
almost irrepressible disposition amOngthem to
treat the Government as a hostile power, to
believe that any pledges made to them will be
violated, and to right themselves even though
it be at the danger of their ewn extermination.
This feeling crops out here and there and
results in the Indian wars constantly on our
hands and in all the mischiefs which gentlemen
deprecate upon this floor. I say that we shall
add to this irritation and certainly place our-
selves in the wrong in future wars ifwe say that
the documents which we have called "treaties"
shall not be recognized as binding on the Gov-
ernment and that we will not fulfill our obli-
gations under them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not regard this amend-
ment as designed to shape our Indian policy in
any respect. Unlike the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Ma*nard,] I look upon it as not
designed to say whether our treatment of the
Indians shall be humane or otherwise, whether
we shall be liberal to them or otherwise, or
to say anything at all about the management
of the IndianB. But the question involved is,
who shall be the organ of this Government in
making stipulations with the Indians? Shall
the House of Representatives have any part
whatever in shaping our Indian policy ? That
is the question involved in the amendment of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
If we  re to surrender the management of the
I ndians entirely to the Senate and some clerk in
the Interior Department associated with them,
as we have done heretofore, and the Housel is
to have no part in it "whatever, then no such
idea as that contained in the amendment of the
gentleman from Wisconsin should be adopted.
But if we mean now to assert that the House
hereafter shall participate in shaping the pol-
icy by which the Indians of this country are to
be fed and governed we ought to insert that
amendment or something equivalent to it in
this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me aek the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d] whether he
thinks it is right, it iB honest for this House
to expressly repudiate and abrogate, for that
is what this amendment means, or it means
nothing—to repndiate treaties which have been
in existence for twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, and
some of them for more than iifty years, which
have been acted upon by the Indian nations
and tribes, as4 have never before been called
in question?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not understand that
this amendiftent propoflea to withdraw from the
Indiana any benefit they have ever received
under any stipulation hitherto made ; bat so
far as that amendment is concerned we are to
go on and perform all these stipulations in
good faith. The Indians have nothing to do
with this amendment. If they get their sup-
plies, if they are protected, if they receive the
domain which is stipulated for in theSe pre-
tended treaties, that is all they have a right to
ask. But we mean to say that while we will
give these Indians all that has been pledged
them hitherto by the Government hereafterthis
Housg of Representatives shall participate in
shaping the policy that is to control the In-
dians. They (these Indians) do not know any-
thing about the Senate, they do not know any-
thing about the Secretary of the Interior, or
about the heads of bureaus. What they know
is the Government of the United States, or
the President of tlie United States, whom they
call the " Great Fatherand they look to the
Government for the assistance and protection
they arc to receive. Now, the thing for us is
to say what is the Government. We are not
proposing to say now what treatment the Gov-
ernment shall bestow upon those Indians, but
what is the Government that shall participate
in that treatment. Is it the Senate alone, or
the Senate with the Secretary of the Interior
and his heads of bureaus, or is the House of
Representatives to participate in the matter ?
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. What guarantee will the
Indians have that in the future appropriations
will be made under these contracts or treaties
if Congress by solemn enactment repudiates
them now? And secondly, I would inquire
whether it would not be a valid argument in
the mind of any gentleman who shall rise in
his place and oppose future appropriations
under these contracts or treaties, to show that
the House, and that Congress, if the Senate
should concur in this amendment, had repu-
diated these treaties?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman asks me
two questions. So far as the last question
i3 concerned, whether some future Congress
may not regard this as a precedent which will
justify them in repudiating appropriations
altogether for these Indians because we have
stripped them of the character of treaty stipu-
lations—to that I would say I think not. I
think we may trust to the good sense and jus-
tice of future Congresses.
Mr. SARGENT. I rely on that now to
defeat the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As to the other ques-
tion, with which I am somewhat annoyed
myself, whether the Indians might not misun-
derstand this amendment, or some white men
might not make them believe that some bene-
fits given to them hitherto by these treaty stip-
ulations are now to be withdrawn from them,
I am in doubt about that myself; and if the
gentleman had not asked me that question I
should have closed by b&ying that while I do
not believe it was the purpose of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] to do what
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
has supposed, and while I am in favor of what
I believe the amendment would accomplish,
still it may be well not to press the amendment
for fear that it may be used as an argument in
favor of the policy heretofore pursued, by which
the House of Representatives has been allowed
no voice in Indian affairs.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. This is a matter
in which I feel a great deal of interest, because
of more than one reason. I am very much
astonished to hear the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] announce as a proposition
which admitted of no dispute that under the
Operation of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States
the Indians of the United States are all citizens
of the United States, and that by virtue of that
amendment all treaties with them have from
necessity ceased te exist. Now, without in-
tending to go into that question during even a
brief portion of the five minutes allotted to me,
I will remark only one thing in reference to it.
It seems to me that the Indians of the United
States having once been recognized as in some
sense independent nations, and having been
treated with ns such, no action on the part of
the Government of the United States to which
they are not a party could affect their rights
under those treaties.
But there is another aspect of this proposed
amendment, or rather the reason given in sup-
port of it, to which I wish to call the attention
of the Committee of the Whole. If the In-
dians of the United States are all citizens of
the United States under the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, then I suppose that
nnder the fifteenth amendment they arc all
voters, or will become so. I wish to know
whether that is the sense of this Committee
of the Whole and of this House. If it be so,
then thes® wild Indians of the plains, with
whom we are much of the time at war, are
voters under the operation of those two amend-
ments to the Constitution, just as you and I
are, and the elections in the State from which
I come may be controlled by the votes of Dig-
ger Indians who do not understand a word of
our language and have nothing in common
with us except that they bear the human form.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
stated that there could be no doubt upon this
question ; that the gentleman from Tennessee
was the only person here who would hazard
the opinion that Indians are not citizens of
the United States. I would be glad to hear
from other gentlemen on that question. Is it
true that these roving bands of Indians, includ-
ing the Digger Indians in my own State, have
a right to vote in all elections under the opera-
tion of these two amendments of the Consti-
tution of the United States? If that is the
position of the Republican party upon thi3
question I would be glad to have it known in
my own State and everywhere throughout the
country.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Mr. Chairman, in reply
to the gentleman from Wisconsin {Mr. PaineJ
I would call his attention to the exact words
of the fourteenth amendment of the •Constitu-
tion. The second section of that amendment
provides that—
"Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to theirrespective numbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed."
The fifteenth amendment provides that—
"The right of citiiens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States
or by any State on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
That has nothing whatever to do with the
independent nations who have been treated as
such from the beginning of the Government;
who, from the day when William Penn, stand-
ing beneath a tree which, to the highest glory
of Pennsylvania, is represented in the senate
chamber at Harrisburg, entered into a treaty
with them, have been driven back, back, back
across the Ohio, over the plains of Indiana and
Illinois; across the Mississippi, over the savan-
nas of Iowa, across the Missouri, suffering
much and ch eated always. Although they have
been regarded as independent nations, they
i have never suffered at our hands anything else
I than outrage. The very stone which Pennsyl-
vania sent to the monument of Washington
bears upon its face the inscription, "Pennsyl-
vania, founded by deeds of peace," and teaches
I us a lesson here to-day, a lesson which should
I be well weighed upon the other side of the
House and upon this. To have any class of
people who are regarded as "wards of the
nation," people who can be treated by the cen-
tral power as it chooses, is a danger to all of
us. The phrase "wards of the nation'' implies,
ontbeother hand, paternal government—pater-
nal government stretching out its branches,
ay, its upas branches, under which nothing
manly or progressive or independent can grow.
You would make the Indians the " wards of
the nation;" you would make the negroes
"wards of the nation." How long will it be
before you would make "wards" of the rest
of us?
Mr. PAINE. As I said at the outset, my
amendment, if adopted, will only attain the
same object proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in his amendment which ha3
already been adopted. If I had anticipated
that the debate would be prolonged as it has
been I should have been exceedingly sorry to
trouble the House with the amendment, because
I am anxious to reach the bill which I trust will
be next considered after this bill shall have been
disposed of. That further debate on this ques-
tion may be cut off I withdraw the amendment.
