4504
THE DOMlBESSIQlfAL GLOBE
June M
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not
in order on the motion for an executive ses-
sion.
The result was then announced—yeas 20,
nays 3-1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreraaa, Btrels>
ingham, Cole, Morril) .of Vermont, Nye, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pr^tt, lioss, Spooler. Sprpigije,
.Sumner, Tnayer, Tipton, Warne"r, Williams, and
Ynl.es—20. _
NAYS—M.essrs. Bayard, Cameron, C^fiieriy. Oiian-
Lewis, McCreery, MeJ>iji)nlJ, Morrill ofMaino, Mor-
ton, Osborn. IjLamsey,)J.ice, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, xhurman, Trumbull, Vickors. and WiU
son—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Broivntow, Cnrpen-
ter. Cattell, Conkljng, Corbett, Crijcrin, ftavis, j:'crry,
Flanagan, Howe. Norton, Revels, llobcitson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sehurz, and Witlcj—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] to postpone the
further consideration of this bill till the second
Monday of December next.
Mr. STB WART1 called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say for Mr.
Axtiiony that as I understand, although I am
not entirely sure of it, I am paired with him on
this question. If he were present he would yote
against this motion to postpone, and T should
vote for it. I feel myself bound to stand by
this pair, although it was made for another
purpose and another time ; but I presume my
friend from Rhode Island went away thinking
the pair continued, and therefore I mention the
fact.
Mr. NYE. 1 have paired with the Senator
from New York [Mr. Coxkling] upon all
questions in relation to fhis bill, and I suppose
it would be improper for me to vote. If he
were here I have no doubt he would vote
"nay," and [ should vote "yea."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I think I am paired
with the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett.]
1 therefore recall my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut asks leave to withdraw his vote,
being pajred with the absent Senator from
Oregon. The Chair hears no objection.
The result was then announced, being—yeas
17, nays 36 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Baynrtl, Carpenter, Fowler, Har-
ris, Kcllojrg, McDonald, Osborn, llioe, lioss, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stewart, Tliayor, Tipton, Vickors, Warner,
ami Williams—17. *
NAYts—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Oasserly, Chandler,' Cole, Drake,
Fonton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas,
Scott, Sheiman, Stmisue, Stockton, Sumn'or, Tliur-
num. Trumbull. Wilson, and Yates—Z>'>.
ABSENT—Messrs. Antliony, lirownlow, CattclJ,
Conklmg, Corbett, Crasm, Davis,"Edmunds, Ferry,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Lewis, Norton, Nye, Bool, Revels,
Robertson, Saulsbury, and Willey—19.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] as amended on the
motion of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
l)i: \ke.] to amend the bill by adding to it the
following:
But this shall not bo construed as repealing the pro-
vision" in favor of publishers of newspapers and
periodicals, contained in the second section of the
act of August SO, 1852, entitled "An act to amend the
act entitled 'An act to reduce and modify the rates
of postage in the United States, and for other pur-
poses,' passed March 3,1351."
Upon this question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll,
Mr. NYE. 1 am paired with the Senator
from New York [Mi. Coxklcxg] on all these
questions.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. lam paired with the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Cokbett.] I would
vol e against the amendment, and he would vote
for it.
The result was then announced, teing—yeas
36, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman. Cam-
eron, .Carpenter, Ca&serly, Drake, Fovyjer, Gilbert,
JJa/jiiltoij. of Maryland. Harris, Johnston, Kellogg,
MeCreery, McDonald, Morrill ,o f V orjriont, Morton;
Patterson, Pool. Pratt, Itice, Ross, Sawyer, Seiiurz,
Scott, Spencer. Stew%rt, Stoeltton, Sumner, Thayer,
TburJi/ap, Tipton, Vjekeis, Wapie}, Wj lliy.jjis, ;,uld
Yates—35.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Colo, Kenton,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin. IJarlan, Howard,
Jlowo. lXowcJl, Osborn, Pomeroy, Kanrsey, Sherman,
Sprn-'iie, Trumbull, and \yilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ant bony. Brownlow. Buckins-
h.uu, Cat tell. Colliding, Cot belt,-Cragin. Davis, Jid-
munds. Ferry, Flanagan, L.ewis, Morrill of Maine.
Norton, Nye, Bevels, Robertson, Saulsbury, and
Willey—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer an amendment. to come in as an addition
to the proviso already adopted. Twill merely
state that if this proviso shall be adopted it
will take awav the franking privilege from all
meipbers of Congress and' from postmasters,
but it will leave provisions for the Departments
of the Government to carry on their business.
It is quite manifest that it will be impossible to
parry out the suggestion of the chairman of
the Committee on Posit Offices and Post Roads,
and incorporate any amendment whatever oil
this subject in any appropriation bill before this
bill shall go into effect. Not a single appro
priation bill will go into effect before this law
is to take effect. Therefore the amendment
which I now propose is indispensable.
Mr. POMEROY. Have yo  providpd for
those eases where franking is allowed by law '!
Mr. MORRJLL, of Verrnqnt. Let theamend-
ment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall bo
held to apply to the liasking privilege of poisons
upon whom it has been specially conferred by law,
nor of tbe Esocutivc Departments of the Uovein-
ment, nor ot tb.e AgnculturjlDepartincnt; butthey
shall continue to have lawful uuthoriiy to send and
receive such communications, documents, packages
of cuttings, seed<, roots, and parcels Iree of postage,
us may be now so son! and received under existing
laws; and all public documents issued by the pros- '
cnt or by any previous Congress, may be tout or re-
ceived by all persons entitled to .send or receive the
sarpefrceof postage, upon being properly l'ranked
by or addressed to those now entitled to the franking
privilege; and nil petitions and remonstrances ot
citizens of tlj.e United States may bo transmitted to
Senators and Representatives in Congress through
the mails free of postage.
Mr. MORTON. This amendment preserves
what is called the franking privilege as tQ the
officers of the Government, and to that extent
it interferes with the new theory of substituting
stamps for franks in all cases. I recognize the
necessity of making some arrangement for the
officers of the Government; but as we are
about to abolish the franking system in part,
1 prefer to cIq it_ altogether, and substitute
stamps for franks ip ali eases.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I thmk that if the Gov-
ernment is to go ou—though perhaps it will
not be necessary if we abolish this great abuse
to haye any Government any longer—we ought
to provide for carrying on these Departments
until we can substitute by law a stamp pro-
vision, if that shall he thought to be a good
one ; an4 the act which provides for stamped
envelopes or any other process, of course can
cut off this temporary continuance of thispriv- ji
iiege. That is the answer to the suggestion of j
my friend from Indiana. 1
But I think, and I suggest to my colleague,
inasmuch as the Postmaster General is so !l
clearly of the opinion that his Department can
get along without the franking privilege, that it :
ought to be excepted out of this continuing i
provision, and I ask him to modify his amend" !'
ment so that all Departments of the Govern- i
raent, except the Po~t Office Department, shall i
continue ttieir operations until sopie other ,i
method of carrying them on can be provided, ij
The Post Office Department cau go afoot
plainly, and I think ought to be left to go in i
that way. u
Mr. THURMAN. 1 wish to call the atten-
; tion of the mover of ike aiaaadmeat to what
j seems to nae to be a great ambiguity ndwut i|,
>; Tiwj tern'' Executive Departments of tiie Qua*
ernment," in its larger sense includes
j officers in the rewotest part of the country^ if
j would ijieLadfi every little postmaster anysrhebe
j ia tbe United States. There is a more re-
; stricie4 meaning of the term which ®ould «on 
| tijxe t.o the Departments here; tot saying gent
1 ernlly that it shall not apply to the persons iu
! jtiie Executive Departments of tfaeGoveranient
; leaves it for interpretation, and it may possibly
he that our Postmaster -General will interpret
that to except from the operation of this aboli-
tion bill all his subordinates everywhere ia the
United States; or at least, if he did not, the-
Attorney General might so do. I suggest,
therefore, that we ought to have that detinite.
It ought to be "the Secretaries or heads of
Departments." IVe should not use so geacr&l
a term as 1' Executive Departments."
Mr. MORBILL, of Vermont. I hardly think
tlmt the aa^endment is susceptible of the mean-
ing attributed to it by the Senator from Ohio.
This is merely a limitation of the law that is
proposed to be passed, and from that we exempt
the Executive Departments. There are per-
sons besides the Secretaries who are entitled
to the privilege, for instance, the Assistant
Secretaries; and this proviso merely limits
the effect of this bill without enlarging any pre-
vious law.
Mr. TJIURJIAN. As 1 understand the Sen-
ator, he wishes to so modify this bill that the
franking privilege shall be token away from
members of Congress and postmasters, and
leave it to all the rest who now enjoy it. In
that case why not change the proviso, in order
to remove all ambiguity, so as to make it read
"provided that this act shall only apply to
members of Congress and posi masters."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That ^ques-
tionably would be a briefer mode of reaching
the object; but I have included these various
things in the amendment., supposing that there'
might be some difference on the part of the
Ilouse or Senate in opinion in isolation to that.
I prefer to have the amendment adopted 'is
it is.
Jlr. HOWE. I suppose it will be in order
to wove an amendment, to ihe amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It wdl ha.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend it by strik-
ing out all aiierihe word f4 law#" in the eighth
line.
Mr. SUMNER. How will i£ read then?
ri he Cixiei1 Clejuc. If amended as proposed,
the amendment ot the Senator frojn Vermont
will read:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
UeJa to apply to tijo iroqkuig privilege of persons
upon >vhoinU has been specially cqu&iyed by haw, nor
oi the Executive Departments qf the Government,
nor or tho Agricultural Department: but they shall
eon tin ue {o Luw.e lawj'ul uuf-hority to sep4 and re.eeivc
such eoqimmiieiitions, dpcmnpn.ts, packages of cut-
ting, seeds, roots, and parcels free of postage, as
may be now so sent and received under existing
Mr. SUMNEE. I inquire of the Senator
from Vermont if members of Congress have
not the power to frank under the law?
Mr. MORitlLL, of Vermont. They are not
specially named.
Mr. JjilAKE. I suggest to the Senator
from \ ermont that he put in, in the scoond
line, alter the word " w^om," the words "by
name."
Mr. MORRJLL, of Vermont. I haye no
object ion to that
ihe V ICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be modified accordingly.
Mr. SUMNEii. Are they not included .in
the franking laws?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By descrip
tion, by general law.
Mn SUMNER. Then would they not be
included under these terms? It seenas to im
they would be included.
Thu FIUE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
i
