1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3561
it. Suppose that the United States judge is
applied to, and he appoints a local commis-
sioner for that district. That commissioner
can appoint his officers. When these offenses
are committed, when there is an attempt to
prevent registration, the guilty parties can be
arrested. You have got the whole power of
the Government in aid of your law.
All this machinery is left out of the House
bill. The House bill would be just as good if
it simply said that all men should vote, being
otherwise qualified, without distinction of race
or color, and that if any officer should inter-
fere with them in any way he should be guilty
of a misdemeanor. That is all there is of it.
It will fall a dead letter.
I apprehend if you pass a bill that has the
elements of success in it, that has machinery
whereby it can be enforced, it will enforce
itself. If it is known that where there is re-
sistance in a locality the United States circuit
judge can appoint commissioners, and that
those commissioners are judges for that pur-
pose, have all the power of local magistrates,
that they can appoint police officers, and that
those police officers can be paid and the com-
missioners can be paid by the United States,
and that guilty parties can be arrested there
on the spot, and the power of the Government
be brought to bear to sustain them, a bill with
that machinery, I apprehend, will be respected.
You may create aa many offensesas you please,
but if you provide no machinery for punishing
them, as there is not in the House bill, it will
amount to nothing.
I do not want to occupy the time of the
Senate in the particular discussion of this bill;
but before any Senator undertakes to amend
a bill herein the Senate it will be well for him
to spend some time in examining each expres-
sion carefully, and to see to it that his amend-
ment covers the case, that it meets the case
he intends to meet. I can tell the effect of the
Senate bill in a moment. In the first place,
it makes it the duty of all officers charged with
doing any act which is a prerequisite to voting
to furnish to all men, without distinction of
color, an equal opportunity of performing it.
In the next place, if a person is otherwise
qualified to vote, and attempts to qualify him-
self by registering, or paying taxes, perform-
ing the acts required, and he fails by reason
of being unlawfully prevented, then be shall i
go to the polls with his vote. The next sec-
tion provides that if any person—this goes
outside of the officers—intimidate him while
he is attempting to qualify himself by perform-
ing the prerequisites, or by any other unlawful
means attempt to prevent him from perform- i
ing that prerequisite, or if any person shall
prevent him unlawfully from voting by threats
or by any other mode of obstruction, then that
person shall be guilty of an offense. The next
Bection provides that the candidate who is
entitled to his office by reason of the refusal :
of boards of canvassers, or otherwise, to count [
the colored vote, may have his action to obtain j
possession of his office. The rest of it is the j
machinery of the civil rights bill modified to
suit the emergencies of the case, whereby you j
have agents to enforce the law, and the power ;
of the Government to protect the voters in a j
fair opportunity to record their votes. j
Now, Mr. President, I propose to offer as a i
substitute for the House bill the Senate bill, i
together with the amendments which I offered
to that bill. I should like to modify the Sen-
ate bill on the third page, in line four of the
fourth section, so that it will read ''prevent
or obstruct any citizen from doing any act
required to be done," striking out the words
"authorized by this act" and in lieu of those
words inserting "required."
I offer the original Senate bill, with the
amendments I before proposed to that, as a
substitute for the House bill. I move to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the House
bill and to insert:
That all citizens of the United States who are or
shall be otherwise qualified by law to vote at any
election by the people in any State, Territory, dis-
trict, county, city, parish, township, school district,
municipality, or other territorial subdivision, shall
be eutitled and allowed to vote at all such elections,
without distinction of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude; any law, custom, usage, or regu-
lation of any State or Territory, or by or under its
authority, to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted, That if by or under
the authority of the constitution or laws of any State,
or the laws of any Territory, any act is or shall be
requii ed to be done as a prerequisite or qualification
i for voting, and by such constitution or laws persons
or officers are or shall be charged with the perform-
ance of duties in furnishing to citizens an opportunity
j to perforin such prerequisite, or to becomo qualified
• to voto, it shall be the duty of every such person and
officcr to give to all citizens of the United States the
same and equal opportunity to perform such pre-
requisite, and to become qualified to vote, without
distinction of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude; and if any such person or officer shall refuse
or knowingly omit to give full effect to this sectiou, he
shall, for every such offense, forfeit and pay the sum
of SoiiO to the person aggrieved thereby, to bo recov-
ered byan action on the case, with full costs andsuch
allowance for counsel fees aa tho court shall deem
just, and shall also, tor every such offense, be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, und shall, on conviction
thereof, be fined not less than guOO, and be imprisoned
not less than one month and not more than one year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever,
by or under the authority of the constitution or laws
of any State or the laws of any Territory, any act is
or shall be required to be done by any citizen as a
prerequisite to qualify or entitle hiiu to vote, the offer
of any such citizen to perform the act required to be
done as aforesaid shall, if it fail to be carried into
execution by reason of the wrongful act or omission
aloresaid ot the person or officer charged with the
duty of receiving or permitting such performance or
offer to perform or acting thereon, be deemed and
held as a performance in law of such act; and the
person so offeriug and failing as atoresaid and being
otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to voto in the
same manner and to the same extent as if he had in
fact performed such net; and any judge, inspector,
or other officer of election whose duty it isorshall be
to receive, count, certify, register, report, or give
effect to the vote of any such citizen, who shall refuse
or knowingly omit to receive, count, certify, regis-
ter, report, or give effect to the vote of such citizen,
upon the presentation by him of his affidavit stating
such offer and the time and place thereof, and the
name of the officer or person whose duty it was to act
thereon, and that he was wrongfully prevented by
such person or officer from performing such act, shall
for every such offense forfeit and pay the sum of 8500
to the person aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by
an action on the case, with full costs and such allow-
ance for counsel fees as the court shall deem just, and
shall also, for every such offense, be guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof, be fined
not less than $500, and be imprisoned not less than
one month and not more than one year.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That if any per-
son, by force, bribery, threats, intimidation, or other-
wise, shall hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct, or
attempt to hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct any
citizen from doing any act required to be done to
qualify him to vote or from voting at any election as
aforesaid, such person shall for every such offense
forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to theperson aggrieved
thereby, to be recovered by an action "on the case,
with lull costs and such allowance for counsel fees as
the court shall deem just, and shall also for every
such offense be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall,
on conviction thereof, be fined not less than $500, and
be imprisoned not less than one month and not more
than one year.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall be deprived of any office, except that of
member of Congress or member of a State Legisla-
ture, by reason of the violation of the provisions of
this act, shall be entitled to recover possession of
such office by writ of mandamus or other appropriate
proceeding; and the cireuit and district courts of the
UnitedStatesshall have concurrent jurisdiction with
the proper State courts of all cases arising under this
section.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the district
courts of the United States, within their respective
districts, shall have, exclusively of the courts of the
several States, cognizance of all crimes and offenses
committed against the provisions of this act, and
also, concurrently with the circuit courts of the Uni-
ted States, of all causes, civil and criminal, arising
under this act, except as herein otherwise provided;
and the jurisdiction hereby conferred shall be exer-
cised in conformity with the laws and practice gov-
erning United States courts; and all crimes and
offenses committed against the provisions ot this act
may be prosecuted by the indictment of a grand jury,
or, in cases of crimes and offenses, not infamous, the
prosecution may t>e either by indictment or inform-
ation filed by the district attorney in a court having
jurisdiction.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the district
attorneys, marshals, and deputy marshals of the
United States, the commissioners appointed by the
circuit and territorial courts of the United States,
with powers of arresting, imprisoning, or bailing
offenders against the laws of the United States, and
every other officer who may be specially empowered
by the President of the United States, shall be, and
they are hereby, specially authorized and required,
at the expense of the United States, to institute pro-
ceedings against all and every person who shall vio- 1
late the provisions of this aot, and cause him or them
to be arrested and imprisoned, or bailed, as the case
may be, for trial, before such court of the United
Suites or territorial court a3 has cognizance of tho
offense. And with a yiew to afford reasonable pro-
tection to all persons in their constitutional right to
vote without distinction of raco, color, or previous
condition ot sorvitude, and to the prompt discharge
of the duties of this act, it shall be the duty of the
circuit courts of the United States, and the superior
courts ot the Territories of the United States, from
time to time, to increase the number of commission-
ers, so as to afford a speedy and convenient means
for the arrest and examination of persons charged
with a violation of this act; and such commissioners
are hereby authorized and required to exercise and
discharge all the powers and duties conferred on
them by this act, and the same duties with regard
to offenses created by this act, as they are authorized
by law to exercise with regard to other offenses
against tho laws of the United States.
sbc. 8. And be it further enacted. That it shall bo
the duty of all marshals and deputy marshals to
obey and execute all warrants and precepts issued
under the provisions of this act when to them di-
rected ; and should any marshal or deputy marshal
refuse to receive such warrantor other process when
tendered, or to use all proper means diligently to
execute the same, he shall, on conviction thereof.be
fined in the sum of $1,000, to the use of the person
deprived of the rights conferred by this act. And
the better to enable the said commissioners to execute
their duties faithfully and efficiently in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States and the
requirements of this act, they are hereby authorized
and empowered within their districts respectively to
appoint, in writing, under their hands, any one or
more suitable persons from time to time to execute
all suob warrants and other process as may be issued
by them in the lawful performance of their respective
duties; and the persons so appointed to execute any
warrant or process as aforesaid shall have authority
to summon and call to their aid the bystanders or
pos e comitatut of the proper county, or such portion
of the land or naval forces of the United States or of
the militia as may be necessary to the performance
of theduty with which they are chargod, and to insure
a faithful observance of the fifteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States; and such war-
rants shall run and be executed by said officers any-
where in the State or Territory within which they
are issued.
Sbc. 9. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall knowingly and willfully obstruct, hinder,
or prevent any officer or other person charged with
the execution of any warrant or process issued under
the provisions of this act, or any person or persons
lawfully assisting him or them, from arresting any
person for whose apprehension such warrant or pro-
cess may havebeen issued,orshall rescue orattempt
to rescue such person from the custody of the officer or
other person or persons, or those lawfully assisting as
aforesaid when so arrested, pursuant to the authority
herein given and declared, or shall aid, abet, or
assist any person so arrested as aforesaid, directly
or indirectly, to escape from the oustody of the offi-
cer or other person legally authorized as aforesaid,
or shall harbor or conceal any person for whose
arrest a warrant or process shall have been issued as
aforesaid so as to prevent his discovery and arrest
after notice or knowledge of the fact that a warrant
has been issued for the apprehension of such person,
shall for either of said offenses be subject to a fine
not exceeding $1,000 and imprisonment not exceed-
ing six months, by indictment and conviction before
the district or circuit court of tb,e United States for
the distriotor cireuit in which said offense may have
been committed, or before the proper court of crim-
inal jurisdiction, if committed within any one of the
organized Territories of the United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the com-
missioners, district attorneys, the marshals, their
deputies, and the clerks of the said district, circuit,
and territorial courts shall be paid for their services
the like fees as may be allowed to them for similar
services in other cases. The person or persons au-
thorized to exooute the process tn be issued by suob
commissioners for tbe arrest of offenders against tho
provisions of this act shall be entitled to a fee of
ten dollars for each person he or they may arrest
and take before any such commissioner as aforesaid,
with such other fees as may be deemed reasonable
by such commissioner for such other additional ser-
vices as may be necessarily performed by him or
them, such as attending at the examination, keep-
ing the prisoner in custody, and providing him with
food and lodging during his detention, and until the
final determination of such commissioner, and in
general for performing such other duties as may be
required in the premises; such fees to be made up in
conformity with the fees usually charged by the offi-
cers of the courts of justice within the proper dis-
trict or county, as near as stay be practicable, and
paid out of the Treasury of the United States on the
certificate of the judge of tbe district within which
the arrest is made, and to be recoverable from the
defendant as past of the judgment in case of convic-
tion.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the President of tho United States shall have reason
to believe that offenses have been or are likely to be
committed against tbe provisions of this act within
any judicial district, it shall be lawful for him, in his
discretion, to dircct the judge, marshal, and district
attorney of such district to attend at such place
within tb« district, and for such time as he way
designate, for tb  purpose of the more speedy arrest
and trial of persons charged with a violation of this
aot; and it shall be the duty of every judge or other
