1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
Laios of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
chusetts avenue to its intersection with north
H street; and therice along north H street to
its eastern termination with the Columbia turn-
pike gate; with the right to run publie car-
nages thereon drawn by horse-power, receiving
therefor a rate of fare not exceeding six cents
a passenger for any distance on said road.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
should a majority of the stockholders so elect,
at any time within two years after the com-
pletion of said road, (provided for in section
one above,) the said company shall have the
light to extend said road, either with a single
or double track, with the necessary switches
and turn-outs, along the line of the Columbia
Turnpike Road Company, with the consent, of
said turnpike road company, or on any other
road or l-oads leading northwardly or east-
wardly from such intersection at the Columbia
" turnpike gate, now opened, or which may here-
after be opened, by the proper authorities;
and thence along said road or roads, by the
most practicable route or routes, to the termini
near, at, or in the District of Columbia, re-
ceiving therefor a rate of fare not exceeding
seven cents a passenger for any distance on
said road or roads. The carriages on the
extension of said road or roads to be propelled
either by horse-power or dummy engines, at
the option of the said railway company.
Sec. 3. A?id be it further enacted, That the
said road or roads shall be deemed real estate,
and, together with other real and personal
property of said body-corporate, shall be liable
to taxation as other real estate and personal
property, and to license for their vehicles or
cars in the city and county aforesaid, except
as hereinafter provided.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
said railway shall be laid as near the center of
the avenues and streets in the city of Wash-
ington as practicable (without interfering with
or passing over the water or gas pipes,) in the
most approved manner adapted to street rail-
ways, with the rails of the most approved pat-
tern, to be determined by the Secretary of the
Interior, laid upon an even surface with the
pavement of the streets or avenues ; and the
space between the two tracks (where two are
laid) shall not be less than four feet nor more
than six feet, and the carriages shall not be
less than six feet in width; the gauge to cor-
respond with that of the Metropolitan railroad.
That the railways in the county (should it be
determined to construct such roads) shall be
laid in such manner as will least interfere with
the ordinary travel of the road or roads on which
the tracks shall be laid.
Sec. 5. And be it f urther enacted, That the
said corporation hereby created shall be bound
to keep said tracks, and for a space of two
feet beyond the outer rail thereof, and also the
space between the tracks, so far as the same
are laid within the limits of the city of Wash-
ington, at all times well paved and in good
oider, without expense to the United States or
the said city. And in case the road shall
be extended beyond the limits of said city,
as is heretofore provided, the said corpora-
tion shall be bound to keep said tracks, and
for the space of two feet beyond the outer
rail thereof, and also the space between the
tracks, well graveled or paved and in good
order, so as not to impede the general travel
on said roads by vehicles or otherwise, with-
out expense to the county of Washington.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act shall prevent the Govern-
ment at any time, at its option, from altering
the grade, or otherwise improving all avenues
and streets occupied by said road, or the city
of Washington from so altering and improving
such streets and avenues and the sewerage
thereof, as may be under their respective author-
ity and control; and in such event it shall be
the duty of said company to change their said
railway so as to conform to such grade and
pavement.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this
act may at any time be altered, amended, or
repealed by the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act shall be so construed as to
authorizesaidbody-corporate to issue any note,
token or device, scrip, or other evidence of
debt, to be used us currency.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said company shall not be less
than one hundred thousand dollars nor more
than four hundred thousand dollars, and that
the stock shall be divided into shares of fifty
dollars each, and shall be deemed personal
property, transferable in such manner as the
by-laws of said company may direct.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
said company shall place lirst-class cars on said
railway, with all the modern improvements,
for the convenience and comfort of passengers,
and shall run cars thereon during the day and
as late as ten o'clock at night, and as often as
every fifteen minutes, between west Fifteenth
street and the eastern terminus of north II
street; and in case the said road shall be ex-
tended beyond the city limits, on the entire
road, or such portions as may be completed,
through the day and night, as often as the pub-
lie convenience and the interests of the rail-
way company may require: Provided, however,
That the carriages or cars thereon shall make
not less than eight trips each way per day during
six days in each week.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
said company shall provide such passenger
rooms, ticket officers, [offices,] stables, and
depotsatsuch points as the business of the rail-
■road and the convenience of the public may
require. And said company is hereby author-
ized to lay such rails through transverse or
other streets or roads as may be necessary for
the exclusive purpose of connecting the said
stables and depots with the main tracks ; and
the said company is hereby authorized to pur-
chase or lease such lands or buildings as may
be necessary for the passenger rooms, ticket
offices, stables, and depots above mentioned.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all
articles of value that may be inadvertently left
in any of the cars or other vehicles of said
company shall be taken to its principal depot
and entered in a book of record of unclaimed
goods, which book shall be open to the inspec-
tion of the public at all reasonable hours of
business.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
within thirty days after the passage of thisact,
the corporators named in the first section, or
a majority of them, or if any refuse to act, then
a majority of the remainder, shall cause books
of subscription to the capital stock of said
company to be opened, and kept open, in some
convenient and accessible place or places in
the city of Washington for a period to be tixed
by said corporators, not less than two days ;
and said corporators shall give public notice
by advertisement in not less than two daily
papers published in the city of Washington, of
the time when and the place where said books
shall be opened; and subscribers upon said
books to the capital stock of the company shall
be held to be stockholders : Provided, That no
one individual shall be allowed to subscribe
for more than two hundred shares of said
stock: Provided further, That every sub-
scriber shall pay, at the time of subscribing,
twenty-five per centum of the amount by him
subscribed to the treasurer appointed by the
corporators, or his subscription shall be null
and void. If, at the end of two days, a larger
amount than the capital stock of said company
shall have been subscribed, the books shall be
closed, and the said corporators named in the
first section shall forthwith proceed to appor-
tion said capital stock among the subscribers
pro rata, and make public proclamation of the
number of shares allotted to each, which shall
be done and completed on the same day the
books are closed: Provided further, That
nothing shall be received in payment of the
twenty-five per centum, at the time of sub-
scribing, except money. And when the books
of subscription of the capital stock of said
company shall be closed, the corporators named
in the first section, or a majority of them, and,
m case any of them refuse or neglect to act,
then a majority of the remainder, shall, within
ten days thereafter,_ call the first meeting of
the stockholders of said company, to meet
within ten days thereafter, for *.ho choice of
seven directors, of which public notice shall
be given for five days in not less than two
public newspapers published daily in the city
of Washington, or by written or printed per-
sonal notice to each stockholder by the clerk
of the corporation. And in all meetings of
stockholders each share shall entitle the holder
to one vote, to be given in person or by proxy.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That the
government and direction of the affairs of the
company shall be vested in a board of direct-
ors, seven in number, who shall be stockhold-
ers, and who shall hold their office for one
year and until others are duly elected and
qualified to take their places as directors. And
the said directors (a majority of whom, the
president being one, shall constitute aquornm)
shall elect oue of their number to be president
of the board, who shall also be president of the
company ; and they shall also choose a treas-
urer, who shall give bonds, with security, to
said companyin such sum as thesaid directors
may require for the faithful discharge of his
trust. In caseof a vacancy in the board of di-
rectors bythe death, resignation, or otherwise
of any director, the vacancy occasioned thereby
shall be filled bythe remaining directors.
Sec. 15. And beit further enacted, That the
directors shall have full power to make and
prescribe such by-laws, rules, and regulations
as they shall deem needful and proper respect-
ing the disposition and management of the
stock, property, estate, and effects of the com-
pany, not contrary to the charter or to the
laws of the United States and the ordinances
of the city and county of Washington : Pro-
vided, That the directors of said corporation
shall have power to require the subscribers
to the capital stock to pay the amount by them
respectively subscribed at such time, (after the
first installment,) in such manner, and in such
amounts as they may deem proper; and if any
stockholder shall refuse or neglect to pay any
installments as required by a resolution of the
board>if directors, alter reasonable notice of
the same, the said board of directors may sell
at public auction, to the highest bidder, so
many shares of his said stock as shall pay said
installments, (and the highest bidder shall be
taken to be the person who offers to purchase
the least number of shares for the assessment
due,) under such general regulations as may
be adopted in the by-laws of said corporations ;
or said body-corporate maygueapd collectthe
same from any delinquent subscriber in any
court of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 16. And be it farther enacted, That
there shall be an annual meeting of the stock-
holders for choice of directors, to be holdeu at
such time and place, undev such conditions,
and upon such notice as the s^id company m
their by-laws may prescribe; and said direct-
ors shall annually make a report in writing of
their doings to Congress, or to the Secretary
of the Interior, and to the stockholders in
general meeting.
Sec. 17. Andbcit further enacted, Thatthe
mayor and council of 'said city, and the levy
court of said county, and the several officers
of these corporations, and the said corpora-
