2618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.] I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McCRABY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NOllTIIERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the J udiciary, reported
back House bill No. 513, to provide for hold-
ing annual terms of the United States circuit
and district courts for the northern district of
New York, at Elmira, New York, with tho rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that here-
after there shall bo held at the city of Elmira,
New York, stated terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the
northern district of New York, on tho third
Tuesday in September in each year, and spe-
cial terms of said courts may be appointed by
the judges thereof at tlie city aforesaid, at such
times as they may by writing under their hands
designate and appoint.
Mr. WAltD. Mr. Speaker, the bill proposes
to secure an annual term of the United States
circuit and district court at Elmira, New York.
Tho Committee on the Judiciary have care-
fully considered the matter and unanimously
reported in its favor. The justice of the meas-
ure is apparent to any one familiar with the
geography of the section 1 have the honor in
part to represent.
Elmira is the chief city of the southern tier
of counties in the State of New York, and has
u population of twenty thousand people, and
is rapidly increasing in population. It is largely
interested in manufacturing, and in no place
of its size in the Union are greater business
transactions carried on, or larger amounts of
money and property changing hands; the very
kinds of business transactions out of which
usually grow the most important litigation.
The city is near the Pennsylvania line, and
transacts much of its business with the north-
ern portion of that State, and citizens of Elmira
often find themselves compelled to have litiga-
tion with citizens of Pennsylvania, and have
recourse to the Federal courts for that purpose,
and to attend sessions of those courts at great
distances from home, and at much inconven-
ience and expense. Elmira is also closely
connected by rail with tho important towns of
Binghamton, Owego, Corning, Horuellsville,
Addison, Havana, Horse Heads, and VVatkins,
and directly connected with all the towns on
the Erie railway by means of that road; and
no point in the State will accommodate the
people of southern New York as well as Elmira
for a term of those courts. And it is a singular
fact, Mr. Speaker, that while the northern and
eastern portions of the State of New York are
fully accommodated with places for and terms
of the Federal courts not a single court of this
kind is held in the entire southern portion of
the State, as I remember, or upon the whole
liue of the Erie railway, from Dunkirk, on
Lake Erie, to Jersey City, on the Hudson, a
distance—to speak in round numbers—of live
hundred miles. Elmira is, as I have said,
located on this road, and about halfway be-
tween the two extremities that have been given,
and at a point where the Brie is intersected by
the Northern Central railway, opening the city
of Elmira to northern Pennsylvania.
I think, Mr. Speaker, in justice to the citi-
zens of Elmira and its surrounding country and
towns, and the whole southern portion of our
State, this bill should pass without objection;
and X hope there will be none.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION—IIUNT VS. SIIHr.DO.NT.
Mr. CESSNA. I am constrained, in con-
sequence of the pressure of business before the
Committee of Elections, to demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the Com-
mittee of Elections will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, Tliut Caleb S. Hunt is not entitled to a
seat as u Representative in tlioForty-lirst Congress
from tho second district of Louisiana.
llcKolmd, That Lionel A. Sheldon is entitled to his
seat as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress
from theseeond district ol' tho State of Louisiana.
Mr. KE11R. I ask that the resolutions of
the minority be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Jicsnlved, Thai, Lionel A. Sheldon is not entitled
to a seat as a Representative in theForty-l^irafc Con-
gress from tho second district of Louisiana..
Itcmlved, That Caleb i-\ Hunt is ontitled to a seat
in this House as a Representative froui tho second
district of tho 8tato of Louisiana.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, this con-
tested-election ease of Hunt vs. Sheldon, from
the second congressional district of Louisiana,
involves questions affecting all the other eases
from that State. But, however profitable and
desirable it might be to sum up and discuss
generally the condition of public affairs attend-
ing the presidential and congressional clec-
tionsin Louisiana in 18(58, it would he impracti-
cable to do justice to tho subject without doing
injustice to the House and the public business.
J propose, therefore, to confine myself as closely
as possible to the immediate case before us.
This, the second congressional district of
Louisiana,comprises the parishes of St. Charles,
St. John Baptist, St. James, LaFourche, Terre
Bonne, Jefferson, and about one half of
Orleans, which parish contains the city of New
Orleans; Jefferson parish contains the city of
Jefferson. The question to be determined
arises on the facts as they existedin theparishes
of Orleans and Jefferson, or, in other words,
in the city of New Orleans, for the parish of
Jefferson adjoins the parish of Orleans, and
the city of Jefferson borders on the city of
New Orleans so closely that the stranger, when
passing from one to the other, would not know
when he passed out of one municipal jurisdic-
tion into the other. It is practically one great
city.
The city of New Orleans is to tho South what
the city of New York is to the North. It con-
tains a great metropolitan, mixed, and mer-
curial population. Perhaps no city in the
Union has so large a proportion oi foreign
population. It is liable, therefore, to great
excitements. In the canvass of 1808 great
excitement prevailed in this city. Two pre-
vious elections had been carried by the Ke-
publicans. The election for the constitutional
convention in 1807, the election ratifying the
constitution, and the election for State oHicers
in the spring of 1808 had both been largely
carried by the Republicans in tho State gen-
erally, and in these two parishes. When the
presidential election approached t.he struggle
became close and fierce. The Democratic
leaders of the State of Louisiana resolved at
all hazards to carry that election. They
organized their patty in great perfection into
clubs, open and secret, until they had in the
city of New Orleans about eighty perfect and
distinct political organizations.
In addition to these regular open organiza-
tions they established an order called the
"Knights of the White Camelia," a secret,
semi-political, armed organization. The pio-
fessed principle of this organization -was to
prevent amalgamation between the white and
the black races, and tho means relied upon for
preventing it was to forbid and discourage mar-
riage between the two races. But the real ob-
ject of the organization was to ,establish and
maintain'a white man's government, to pre-
vent the colored people from having any share
in public affairs. It was a secret oath-bound
organization. The members were generally
armed. It numbered in New Orleans and Jef-
ferson City, according to various estimates,
from twelve to twenty thousand. It comprised
nearly the entire adult male white population.
It is stated and claimed that the Knights of the
White Camelia were not a Democratic organ-
ization. But tho evidence is overwhelming
that nearly all the electors of tho Democratic
party belonged to it, and that its central prin-
ciple accorded with tho central principle of the
party. These were the means in the hands of
the parly.
On tho other side, in the interest of peace,
there was the United States army, under the
control, however, of an officer whoso sympa-
thies were with the Democratic party, and the
army took no active part in the preservation
ol'peace. Tho masses of the Republicans were
unarmed and could not procure arms. There
was no State militia: any State militia were
unlawful, having beeu made so by act of Con-
gress.
These, then, were the opposing forces. Par-
ties organized into clubs and had processions.
The registration proceeded, and when theregis-
tration was closed in tho latter part of Octo-
ber, it being generally understood that the
Republicans had tho majority in the district,
in these two parishes and in this district tho
contest was progressing actively on both sides.
One night two processions passing along Canal
street, which was the central thoroughfare of
New Orleans, came into collision; arms were
drawn ; shots were fired ; blood was shed ; and
from that hour for more than one week the city
of New Orleans, with its vast excitable, mer-
curial population, was one wild scene of riot,
uninfluenced by authority of law, uncontrolled,
and una wed by any authority, State or national.
During that period violence took and held pos-
session of New Orleans. The mob was the
master there. Tho Governor appealed to the
general commanding. The general command-
ing answered him that whoever would come to
his headquarters might be protected, but that
he could not extend general protection. The
Legislature, through the Governor, appealed
to the President. The President merely gave
general orders to tho General Commanding.
Testimony is overwhelming that there was no
protection, no order in the eity of New Orleans
during that week.
I propose now to read some of the testimony,
and I refer first to the testimony of Brevet
Major General Edward Hatch. And I call
particular attention to his testimony, bccause
he is no partisan. He did not even vote, al-
though ho favored the election of General
Grant. He was in charge of the Freedmen's
Bureau in New Orleans during this time. Ilis
testimony begins on page 28, volume one, of
the testimony taken by the sub-committee. It
might all be read with profit. And if this
case is continued long enough I ask that any
gentleman who has the least doubt on this
question shall at least read the testimony of
this witness thro^hout. I quote from it as
follows:
" I am colonel of the ninth United States cavalry,
ana brevet major freneral of (he United States Army.
I rom tho 24th of October. 18GS, to the 3d of Novem-
ber, 1 was in charge of the J<'rcedinenJs Bureau for
the Stato of Louisiana, with headquarters at New
Orleans; that is to say, X think I was in tho city from
tho 2Uh of October until tho od of November, inclu-
sive. j think 1 returned from Washington in Octo-
ber, before tho 24th.
" Question, Bid you personally see any nets of vio-
lence or rioting in I he eity of Now Orleans at or about
tho time specified?
"Answer. Yos, sir: I think the first I saw wasa few
daj s after I returned from Washington, on Canal
