660
. APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
41st Cong, '..2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
tions, are hereby prohibited from doing any
act or thing to hinder, delay, or obstruct the
construction or operations of said railway, as
herein authorized.
Sec. 18. juvl be it further enacted, That the
said company shall have, at all times, the free
and uninterrupted use of the roadway. And
if any person or persons shall willfully and
unnecessarily obstruct or impede the passage
of, or destroy or injure the cars, depot, sta-
tions, or any other property belonging to said
railway company, the person ov persons so
offending shall forfeit and pay for each such
offense the sum of ten dollars to said company,
to be recovered and disposed of as other fines
and penalties in said city and county, and shall
remain liable, in addition to said penalty, for
any loss or damage occasioned by his, her, or
their act, as aforesaid; but no suit shall be
brought unless commenced within sixty days
after such offense shall have been committed.
Sec. 19. And be it further ei\acted, That
unless said corporation shall make and com-
plete their said railway between west Fif-
teenth street and the eastern terminus of
north H street within eight months after the
company shall have been fully organized, then
this act shall be null and void, and no rights
, whatsoever shall be acquired under it; and
that the remainder of said road shall be com-
pleted (if commenced) to its proposed term-
inus in the county of Washington within five
years.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That no
person shall be prohibited the right to travel
on any part of said road or roads, or ejected
from the ears thereof, for any other cause than
that of being drunk, disorderly, unclean, con-
tagiously diseased, refusing to pay the legal
fare exacted, or to comply with the general
regulations of the company.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That
each of the stockholdersin the Columbia Kail-
way Company shall be liable individually for
all the debts and liabilities of said company
to an amount equal to the amount of stock
held by such stockholder.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That all
the provisions of the act incorporating the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, requiring reports of expenditures, earn-
ings, and otherwise, shall be applicable to the
company herein incorporated, which shall
make reports as in said act required.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts heretofore passed which
are inconsistent with any of tho provisions of
this net be, and the same are, for the purposes
of this act, hereby repealed, so far as the same
are inconsistent herewith.
Approved, May 24, 1870.
Chat, CX.—An Act to Incorporate the Na-
tional Union Savings-Bank of the District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United litates of America in
Congress assembled, That George JEI. Plant,
1S- Huntington, Lewis Clephane, II.
A. Willard, George W. Adams, S. P. Brown,
William Stickney, B. P. Snyder, A. L. Sturta-
vant, J. H. Lathrop, Nathaniel Wilson, R. D.
ilussey, Zenas C. Bobbins, William B. Todd,
Ldward Simms, Joseph Casey, James M. Latta,
Henry Willard, William H. Philip, Alexander
I*. Shepherd, William P. Dole, Hugh McCul-
loch, and Mathew G. Emery 7 are hereby ere-
ated, and their successors and assigns, shall
be, and they are hereby declared to be, a body
politic and corporate, by the name and style
of the National Savings-Bank of the District
of Columbia, and by that name shall have suc-
cession, and be capable in law to sue and be
sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be
answered, defend and be defended, in all courts
of law atld equity, and elsewhere; to make and
to use a common seal, and the same to alter
or renew at pleasure; and generally to do and
perform all things relative to the object of this
institution, which is now or shall be lawful for
any individual or body politic or corporate
to do.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
officers of said corporation shall consist of a
president and vice president, who, together
with seven trustees, shall constitute a board
of managers, four of whom, if the president
or vice president be present, shall constitute a
legal meeting of such board for the transaction
of business.
Sec." 3. And he it further enacted, That said
corporation shall meet annually in the month
of April, and as much oftener as they may
judge expedient, and any seven members of
said corporation, the president, secretary, or
treasurer being one, shall be a -quorum, and
the said corporation at their annual meeting
shall have power to elect a president and a
treasurer, who shall give bond in the sum of
ten thousand dollars, for the faithful discharge
of the duties of his office, and all such other
officers as may be deemed necessary; which
officers shall continue in office one year, and
until other's are chosen in their stead, and all
officers so chosen shall be under oath to the
faithful discharge ot' the duties of their offices,
respectively.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation may receive on deposit, for the
use and benefit of the depositors, all sums of
money offered for that purpose. All such sums
may be invested in the stock of any bank in-
corporated by Congress, or may be loaned on
interest to any such bank, or may be loaned on
bonds or notes, with collateral security of the
stock of such banks at not more than ninety'
per centum of its par value, or they may be
invested at [in] the public funds of the United
States, of tlie several States, or loaned on a
pledge of any of said funds, or invested in
loans on mortgages of real estate: Provided,
That the whole amount of stock held by the
institution at one time in any one bank, both
by way of an investment and as a surety for
loans, shall not exceed one half of the capital
stock ol sueh bank, and that not more than
three quarters of the whole sum deposited in
the institution shall be at any one time invested
in mortgages of real estate. The income or
interest ot all deposits shall bo divided among
the depositors, or their legal representatives,
according to the terms of interest stipulated;
and the principal may be withdrawn at such
times^ or in such manner as the corporation
shall in its by-laws direct.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no
officer, director, or committee, charged with
the duty of investing the deposits shall borrow-
any portion thereof, or use the same, except
in paymentof the expenses of the corporation ;
and if any officer, director, agent, or other
person connected with said bank, and inter-
ested with the funds or deposits thereof, shall
embezzle or fraudulently convert tlie same to
his own use, he shall be deemed guilty of lar-
ceny, and shall, on conviction thereof by any
court competent to try the offense, be impris-
oned in the peuitentiary not less than one nor
more than ten years.
Sec. C. And be it further enacted, That the
subordinate officers and agents of said corpor-
ation shall respectively give such security for
their fidelity and good conduct as the board of
managers may from time to time require, and
said board shall fix the salaries of such officers
and agents.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
persons named as corporators in the first sec-
tion of this act shall be authorized to meet and
organize said bank by the election of one of
their number as piesident, and one as vice
president, and thereupon shall proceed to elect
such persons as they shall select, to be added
to their board of managers, so that the whole
number of trustees, or managers, including the
president and vice president, shall not exceed
nine persons.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That this
corporation shall make an annual report to
Congress of their funds and investments. Said
returns shall specify the following particulars,
namely: the number of depositors; total
amount of deposits; amount invested in bank
stock and deposited in bank on interest; amount
secured by bank stock; amount invested hi pub-
lic funds ; loans on security of public funds ;
loans on mortgage of real estate; loans on per-
sonal securities ; amount of cash on hand;
total dividends of the year; annual expenses
of the institution ; all of which shall be certi-
fied and sworn to by the treasurer; and five or
more of the managers shall also certify and
make oath that the said return is correct accord-
ing to their best knowledge and belief.
Sec. 9. And de it further enacted, That the
books of said corporation shall, at all times
during their hours of business, be open for
inspection and examination to the Comptroller
o/the Currency or depositors.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation may make by-laws for the move
orderly management of their business, not re-
pugnant to law; may have a common seal,
which they may change at pleasure ; that all
deeds, grants, covenants, and agreements,
made by their treasurer, or any other person
by their authority, shall be good and valid;
and said corporation shall have power to sue
and maybe sued, defendand be held to answer,
by the name aforesaid. 1
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation shall file a bond, with secur-
ity, with the clerk of the supreme court of the
District, to be approved by one of the judges
of the said court, to the United States,'in the
penal sum of two hundred thousand dollars,
with a condition to pay and to satisfy to every
depositor or person entitled, such sum as the
party may be entitled to, within thirty days
after such deposit shall be demanded ; and
which bond may be sued by any depositor or
person entitled after such demand and refusal
to pay; and that tho said supreme court shall
have power to require a new bond, and new
security, at any time they may deem it neces-
sary for the interest of parlies interested.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
Congress shall, at all times, possess the power
to alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Approved, May 24, 1870.
Chap. CXI.—An Act to Incorporate the Trus-
tees of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That James M. Carlisle,
dames C. Hall, George W. Kiggs, Anthony
Hyde, James G. Berret., James C. Kennedy,
Henry D. Cooke, and James C. McGuire, of
the city of Washington, and of Georgetown,
District of Columbia, and William T. Walters,
of the city of Baltimore, State of Maryland,
and their successors, bo, and they are hereby,
created and constituted abody politic and cor-
porate in law, by the name and style of the
Trustees of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, and
by Uiat name may sue and be sued, implead
ana be impleaded, have perpetual succession,
and shall and may take, hold, manage, and
disposeof, at all times, real and personal estate,
and shall and may do and perform all other ncr^,
and things necessary ov appropriate "Tor the
execution of the trusts created and conferred
on them m aud by a certain deed from William
Vv. Corcoran, to them, the said parties herein-
before named, which is dated the tenth day of
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and
