062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
negative, the vote having been a tie, which
defeated the motion to reconsider. The rale
of the House, which the Chair will have read
by the Clerk, will explain the ipethod in which
ihe Journal clerk proceeded to make up his
Journal.
The Clerk'read as follows:
"AU proceedings of the House subsequent to the
erroneous announcement of a vote, which would have
been irregular if such vote had been correctly an-
nounced, are to be treated, as a nullity and aro not to
be entered' on the Journal."
The SPEAKER. The Journal clerk has
therefore made up the Journal with absolute
correctness. The Chair does not understand
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to
have risen for the purpose of moving a cor-
rection of the Journal.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I merely wished
to call attention to the matter in order that the
Speaker might have an opportunity to make
the statement which he has made.
The SPEAKER. The announcement of the
vote having been erroneous, all the subsequent
proceedings of the House based upon that
error are null and void, under the rule just read.
The joint resolution is, therefore, still before the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am informed that the
Committee on Reconstruction are prepared to
report a bill for the admission of the State of
Virginia to representation in Congress, and to
set an early day for its consideration ; and that
if I will withdraw my pending joint resolution,
by conseutof the House I shall have an oppor-
tunity to offer it as a substitute for whatever
bill that committee may report.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
privilege 
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of tho Jour-
nal. I want to see how this matter stands on
tho Journal.
Tho SPEAKER. There is no motion pend-
ing to correct the Journal.
Mr. COX. Still I would like to have it read.
The SPEAKER. Tho Clerk will read the
portion of the Journal relating to this question.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Binsham, On leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution declaring Virginia entitled to representation
in Congress; which was read a firstand second time,
ordored to bo engrossed and read a third time. Being
engrossed, it was accordingly read tho third time.
Ihe question being on its passage, Mr. Bingham
moved the previous question; which was seconded
and tho main question ordered to be put; when
"Mr. Bknjamin moved a reconsideration of tho
voto by which tho main question was ordered; and
tho question being put. thero appeared—yeas 77
nays /7. file Speaker voted in the negative.
'So tho Houserofused to reconsider thesaid vote."
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to yield to me for one
moment.
Mr. BINGITAM. I will do so.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to state to the House—
and I believe the statement will obviate all
difficulty on this subject—that the Reconstruc-
tion Committee have this morning agreed upon
a bill to admit the State of Virginia, which is
now in the hands of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] the senior member
of the committee now present in the city, and
have instructed him to report it this morning
and to allow the widest possible liberty for de-
bate and for amendment. In view of this cir-
cumstance and of the fact that my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has indicated his willing-
ness to withdraw his resolution, I trust no objec-
tion will be interposed by any member of tho
House to the solution of this difficulty.
Mr. BINGHAM. In announcing my readi-
ness to withdraw my resolution I accompanied
it with the statement, which the gentleman
doubtless observed, that when the report shall
be made I shall claim the privilege of offering
as a substitute for the report of the committee'
my resolution.
Mr. PAINE. Certain! v ; the gentleman will
have the right.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise for the pur-
pose of making a privileged report. The Corn-
|
| mittee on Reconstruction, who have leave to
| report at any time, have instructed me to re-
j port a bill to admit the State of Virginia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States.
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman can
submit his report the question pending before
the House must be disposed of.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have already stated that
I will, with the consent of the House, with-
draw my resolution if it be understood that I
shall be allowed to offer it as a substitute for
the bill which may be reported by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] asks unanimous consent
to withdraw the joint resolution introduced by
him yesterday. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none. The gentleman withdraws
his joint resolution; and it is not before the
House.
Mr. COX. Are we to understand that the
bill which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] proposes to report is the same
in substance as the resolution of the gentle-
man from Ohio ?
^ The SPEAKER. The Chair has no inform-
ation on that point. Tho gentleman from
Ohio has, by unanimous consent, withdrawn
his resolution. The Chair now recognizes the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,]
who rises to submit a report from the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, which has leave to re-
port at any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on Reconstruction, reported a bill (H. R. No.
783) to admit the State of Virginia to repre-
sentation in Congress ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read, as follows :
Whereas the people of Virginia have adopted a
constitution republican in form, and by its provis-
ions assuring the equality of right in all citizens of
the United States before the law; and whereas the
Congress of the United States have received assur-
ances and are assured that tho people of Virginia,
and especially those heretofore in insurrection
against the United States, haverenouncedall claims
ot any right of secession in a State, and that they
nre. now well disposed to tho Government of tho
United States and will support and defend the Con-
stitution thereot, and will carry out, in letter and
spirit, tho provisions and requirements of the Con-
stitution submitted under the reconstruction acts of
Congress and ratified by the people of Virginia:
ilierelore.
Be it enacted, &c„ That tho State of Virginia is
entitled to representation in Congress as a State of
the Union, under tho constitution ratified 011 the 6th
day of J uly, 18G9, upon Ike following fundamental
conditions:
First. That no person shall hold any office, civil or
military, m said State who shall not have taken and
subscribed one of tho following oaths or affirmations,
namely: "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
have never taken an oath as a member of Congress
or as an otlicer of the United States, or as a member
. "ny ktate Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial oiHcer of any State, to support the Constitution
01 the United btates and thereafter engaged in in-
surrection or rebellion against the&ame, or^ivenaid
or comfort 1o the enemies thereofor, "I do sol-
emnly swear (or affirm) that I have been relieved
Irom disability by an act of Congress, as provided for
by tho third section of the fourteenth article of the
amendments of the Constitution of the United
btates.
Second. That the constitution of said State shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citi zen or class of citizens of the United States of the
I*1?] 11° vo^° 01 hold office in said State who are en-
titled to vote or hold office by said constitution, ex-
cept as a punishment for such crimes as are now fel-
onies at common law, whereof they shall have been
duly convicted under laws equally applicable to all
tho inhabitants of said State, or to prevent any per-
son on account of race, color, or previous condition
ot servitude trom serving as a juror or participating
equally m the school fund or school privileges pro-
vidml for m said Constitution: Provided. That any
alteration of said constitution, equally applicable to
* A10 Yoters of saii State, may be made with regard
to the time and place of residence of said voters
liurd. That all pcrsonswho shall atthetimewhen
said constitution shall take effect hold or exercise
the functions of any executive, administrative, or
judicial omce m said State by the appoinment or
authority of tho district commander shall continue
to discharge the duties of their respective offices
until their successors, or those upon whom such
duties shall under said constitution devolve are
duly cnosen or appointed and qualified
„rrr^f2' i'further enacted, That the election
of United S^tes benators by tile General Assembly
of said State on the 19th day of October, 1809, shall
havo tho same validity as if made by previous
authority of law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am instructed by
the Commiteee on Reconstruction to ask that
the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire, before the bill is
postponed, to move my amendment to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am also instructed
by the committee to say thatwe shall allow rea-
sonable opportunity for amendment and debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to offer my amendment now, so that
it may be printed with the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the following
amendment to be printed in connection with the
bill:
_ Strike out all after the enacting clauses, and ia
lieu thereof insert the following:
That the said State of Virginia is entitled to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the bill
and amendment be ordered to be printed, and
their further consideration be postponed until
to-morrow after the morning hour.
_Mr. BLDRIDGE. Will not that interfere
with the appropriation bill set down for to-
morrow ?
The SPEAKER. That will be the special
order if the House goes into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BROOKS of New York. I do not think
that any appropriation bill should be sacri-
ficed for any such bill as this one. An appro-
priation bill is of far more importance than any
such proposition.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Any appropriation bill
is of far more importance than this one, with
the conditions it imposes upon the people of
Virginia. In my view, sir, those conditions are
abominable.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not desire to
have any debate ou the bill at the presenl
time. I ask that the bill and amendment bt
printed, and if there be objection to the post-
ponement until to-morrow 1 will enter a motion
to recommit, which I can call up at any time.
While such is not a part of my instructions, I
will enter a motion to recommit.
Mr. PAINE. The only difficulty I see in
the way is, that the committee may not meet in
time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I only enter the
motion to recommit, and will withdraw it
when the bill has been printed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The appropriation bill
which will come up to-morrow is the pension
appropriation bill, and I think it will not take
up half an hour's time. It is a matter about
which there can be no controversy, as the bill
only proposes to appropriate money for the
payment of pensions. I can see no reason
why weshould not considerthis bill to-morrow.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire of tho
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Faenswortii]
whether his purpose is really to recommit, or
whether he desires to bring the bill up, with-
draw his motion to recommit, and pass the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is my inten-
tion. My object is to have the bill called up.
m. • .^DRIDGE. It is a mere form. then.
Ihere is no good faith in the proposition to
recommit.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes; it is a mere
form.
Mr. COX. I desire to give notice of an
amendment that I will move, to strike out all
that portion of the bill which undertakes to
make any laws of the State of Virginia irrevo-
cable.
Mr. WOOD. I give notice that I propose
to make an amendment to strike out all after
the first section. I think this amendment "wilt
cover that of my colleague, [Mr. Cox.]
Ihe SPEAKER. _To prevent any misappre-
hension the Chair will state that merely enter-
ing notice to recommit will give no privilege.
