5450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Hooper, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Julian Law-
renco, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, McKee, .William
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, ISTegley, New-
sham, Peters, Piatt, Pomeroy, Kandall, Eidgway,
Sanford, Schenck.Shober, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith,
Strader, Yan Horn, Wallace, Ward, Wilkinson, and
Witch er—60.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by w.hich the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
iaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, obtained
leave to have published in the Globe remarks
on the joint resolution just passed. [See
Appendix.]
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled an act of the following
title ; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 974) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1871.
message from tub senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Stmpsojt, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body insisted ou its amend-
ments disagreed to by th.e House to the bill (H.
R. No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes, and agreed to the conference
asked for on the part of the House, and had
appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Mobkill of Ver-
mont, and Mr. Hamilton of Maryland, as man-
agers of said conference on its part.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed bills and joint reso-
lutions of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 502) to amend an act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 686) to make the Terri-
tory of Arizona a separate surveying district,
and to establish the office of surveyor general
therein;
An act (H. 11. No. 781) making appropri-
ations for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1871;
An act (II. It. No. 1545) relinquishing what-
ever title may remain in the United States to
a certain parcel of ground in Fremont, Ohio,
to the corporation of Fr6mont;
An act (H. R. No. 1828) making appropri-
ations lor the service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1871;
An act (H. R. No. 1883) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871 ;
An act (II. R. No. 2213) to amend an act
entitled " An act making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses, approved April 20, 1870;
An act (H. R. No. 2226) to regulate the pur-
chase of fuel for the legislative, executive, and
judicial departments, and for the military and
naval establishments of the United States in
the District of Columbia;
An act (II. R. No. 2241) for the relief of
the heirs of William Eddy, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 2353) to create a port
of delivery at Duluth, Minnesota ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 290) author-
izing the improvement of the grounds owned
by the United States in the city of Buffalo,
New York, known as Fort Porter ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 305) concern-
ing arsenal grounds at St. Louis, Missouri;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 109) amend-
atory of joint resolution for the relief of certain
officers of the Army, approved July 26, 1866;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 286) making
an appropriation to pay the Government of
Great Britain and Ireland, in accordance with
the award of the commissioners appointed
under the treaty of July 1, 1863, to settle the
claims of the Hudson Bay Company and of
the Puget Sound Agricultural Company;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 336) for the
relief of Colonel Thomas P. McManus ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 359) in rela-
tion to enlistments in the Marine corps, and
for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1604) making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1897) for the relief of
Lot S. Bayless, administrator of Lieutenant
Marcus W. Bayless, deceased ;
An act (H. R. No. 1914) to relieve the estate
held by Louis M. Edge from succession lax
and stamp tax;
An act (II. R. No. 2092) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871; and
An act (II. R. No. 2180) to establish a port
of delivery at St Joseph, Missouri.
zeigler vs. rice.
Mr. PAINE. I find that the special com-
mittee having charge of the case of Zeigler vs.
Rice did not dispose of it this morning, only
one resolution having been voted on. I ask
the Clerk to read the second resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That General John L. Zeigler contested
the scat of Hon. John M. Hico in the Forty-First
Congress in good faith, and should be paid 
dollars for expenses incurred in said contest.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, moved to fill
the blank with $4,000.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I move to
fill up the blank with $3,000.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I move, then,
to fill up the blank with $2,000.
Mr. BURR. I think if the gentleman will
consent to substitute $1,500 that would be
agreed to.
Mr. STILES. I move to insert also $1,500
for the payment of John R. Reading of the
fifth district of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not
be in order except by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The question was on the motion of Mr. But-
ler, of Tennessee, to fill up the blank with the
sum of $2,000.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
67, noes 60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the resolution as
amended.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
72, noes 45.
Mr. STILES. I shall call the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution unless there is
included, in it the payment of $1,500 to Mr.
Reading. I ask unanimous consent to move
so to amend the resolution.
Mr. KNAPP. I object.
Mr. STILES. Then I call for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were —
ayes fifteen ; riot a sufficient number.
Mr. McNEELY. I ask for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers, there were—ayes six-
teen ; not a sufficient number.
So tellers were refused; and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. B UTLEE, of Tennessee. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. PAINE. I now call up the contested-
election case of Joseph Segar, claiming a seat
as Representative-at-large froui the State of
Virginia.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the ques-
tion of consideration.
Mr. PAINE. I understand that the object
of raising the question of consideration is to
enable the House to go to the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table. I would
as soon .agree to go there directly as to have
time consumed by a division on the motion of
consideration. Therefore, on the understand-
ing that time hereafter will be allowed for dis-
posing of Mr. Segar's case, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio to make his motion to pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to any such arrange-
ment being made.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House
proceed to business on the Speaker's table
under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. PAINE. Has the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wheeler] a right to make that
motion'?
The SPEAKER. Why not ?
Mr. PAINE. I did not yield the floor for
any such motion as that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Wisconsin to yield the floor.
Mr. PAINE. I simply yielded for a motion
to go to business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
yield the floor with a condition.
Mr. PAINE. Then I do not yield the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Theh I insist
on raising the question of consideration in
regard to the Virginia case.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
94, noes 23.
So the House agreed to consider the case.
election case joseph segar.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the Clerk to read the
resolution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. That Joseph Segar is not entitled to
a seat as Representative of the State of Virginia
at large in the Forty-First Congress of the United
States.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the Clerk to read
the resolution reported by the minority.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Joseph Segar is entitled to a seat
as a representative of the State of Virginia at large
in the Forty-First Congress of the United States.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, this is not
strictly a contested-election case. There is no
contestant for this seat except ilr. Segar. Mr.
Segar was a candidate for a seat in this House
in the first district of Virginia against the gen-
tleman who now occupies a seat as the Rep-
resentative of that district [Mr. Ayer ;] and
was at the same time candidate for the office
of Represeritative at-large for the State of
Virginia. He had two strings to his bow. The
question before the House now is whether
there is any such seat as that which the gen-
tleman claims to occupy, whether there is any
law vvhich provides a seat for a ninth Repre-
sentative of Virginia at large, or for the Rep-
resentative of a ninth district.. Now, this is a
question which has been considered bv the
whole committee, consisting of fifteen members.
It has not been submitted to a special coaimJ
tee. The members of the committee are of
the opinion that Mr. Segar has no claim to an;
seat here. Four members of the committee,
however, are of the opinion that he has a ripltt
to a seat here, and one member did not tuv.'
part in the consideration of the ease.
For my own part, I have no wish to con&mi.e
the time of the House at all in the argument
