1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the TJuited States:
To the Senate and Howie of Mepretentatioes :
I transmit to Congress a communication from the
Secretary of State, with accompanying documents,
relative to the claims of'citiicns of the United States
on the Government of V enezuela,which were adj nstcd
by the commission provided for by the convention
with that republic of April 23,1860.
U. S. GRANT.
Washixotos, Marchl, 1870.
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
security of passengers on steamships.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a draftof a bill to provide for the better security
of life on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
leaves of adse.vch.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Kelsey for ten days, and to
Air. Axtell until Tuesday next.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. WINCHESTER, by unan-
imous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
accompanying the bill to establish a post route
from Louisvil le to Brownsborough for use before
the Post Office Department in the location of
post offices, &c.
biessaoe from tub president.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Private Sec-
retary.
tariff bill.
The House then resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the special order, being
the bill (H. R. No. 1068) to amend existing
laws relating to the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say, for the in-
formation of the House, that it is the purpose
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and my
purpose, representing that committee, to allow
a fair, liberal, thorough discussion of a general
nature first upon this bill before we proceed to
consider it by clauses. I had intended to make
some short introductory remarks when the bill
first came up for consideration, but I have
agreed to waive it, taking my chance at a future
time in the progress of the debate in order to
enable my colleague on the committee from
New York [Mr. Brooks] to bo heard first, he
being called away from the city. I only hope
that it will be borne in mind that whatever he
may say by way of explanation ofthis bill, going
out as the first of the debate, will probably be
answered hereafter.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNew York, then addressed
the committee. [See Appendix.]
Mr. McCARTHY obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. SCHENCK, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No. i
1068) to amend existing laws relating to the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, and I
had come to no resolution thereon. |
admission of georgia. !
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to ,
a privileged question. I desire to report back j
from the Committee on Reconstruction the I
bill (H. R. No. 1335) to admit the State of
Georgia to representation in the Congress of
the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order, and it is that the gentleman from
Massachusetts has no authority from the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to report back that
bill.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be a point
of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I submit the matter
to the gentleman from Massachusetts himself.
The SPEAKER. It is not a point of order,
but a point of veracity.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not at all.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was recognized as the chairman of the
committee and makes the report. It is the
duty of the Chair to recognize him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts say that the committee
has authorized him to report this bill since it
was recommitted?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
to be catechised. '
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, every member
of the committee knows that we have not con-
sidered the bill since it was recommitted to
the committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the gentleman from
Illinois to order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the clerk of
the committee may be summonealiere to decide
this question of veracity.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recog-
nize the point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I submit that the
members of the committee have a right to make
the point of order that they have never con-
sidered this bill since it was recommitted to
the committee.
TheSPEAKER. As the gentleman presents
the question the Chair overrules it as a point
of order. The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] the chairman of the Committee
on Reconstruction, which is authorized to
report at any time, risesin his place and reports
the bill. It i3 the duty of the Chair to recog-
nizeliim. If the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] chooses to raise a question of
veracity with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts it is between the two gentlemen and not
for the Chair to decide.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to know 
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am upon the floor
on a question of ordor. I desire to know
whether the gentleman from Massachusetts
states that he is authorized by the Committee
on Reconstruction to report back this bill?
Mr. COX. That is the very point of order
I want to have determined.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to know
whether he so states.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is a
very plain matter. This' bill was before the
Committee on Reconstruction, and it was by
that committee ordered to be reported to the
House. The House ordered the bill to be
printed and recommitted, so that it might be
put upon its passage at the earliest possible
moment. Acting under the order of the com-
mittee, I am but carrying out their instrnctions.
I call for the reading of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. " That is not the
point.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask if
the Committee on Reconstruction has taken
any action on this bill since it was recommitted
to that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit the
question: " Will the House receive this bill as
tue report of the committee?"
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman will state it. .
Mr. COX. My point of order is that aques-
tion of this kind must be submitted to the j
House. I
The SPEAKER. That is just what the
Chair was doing.
Mr. COX. The Chair is always right.
The question was, " Will the House receive
the bill as the report of the Committee on lie-
construction?"
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 85, noes 46.
Before the resultof the vote was announced,
Mr. COX and Mr. FARNSWORTH called
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My point of order
is that the Speaker cannot submit to the House
the question whether this is a report of a com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will simply
stateto the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] that it is a specific rule of the House
that where a well-founded doubt arises whether
a report has been authorized by a committee,
it is not a point of order upon which the Chair
can rule, but it is a question to be submitted
to the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then <1 desire that
the House shall understand the facts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
arrest the question upon which the House is
dividing, and upon which he himself has called
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirty-five in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question recurred, " Will the House
receive this bill as the report of the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction?"
Mr. COX. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. And upon that question
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I rise to a point of order.
The question is submitted to the House
whether or not this is the report of a commit-
tee. Can we not hear what the committee
have to say on that subject before we are
called upon to vote ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
distinctly twice overruled that point of order,
and now overrules it for the third time.
The question was upon the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. COX. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler] 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order
pending the motion to adjourn.
Mr. COX. I propose to withdraw that
motion, provided 
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be
withdrawn conditionally, but must be with-
drawn absolutely or not at all.
Mr. COX. Well, I will withdraw the motion.
The question recurred, "Will the House
receive the bill as the report of the Committee
on Reconstruction?"
Upon this question the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I renew the motion that
the House now adjourn, and upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 98, not voting
73; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Beck, Biers.
Bird, Blair, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleve-
land, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox. Geti, Oriswolu.
Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, llamill, Hamilton,
liolman. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Marshall, Mayham, McKenr.ie, McNecly, Mungen,
Niblack, Potter, Randall, Heading, Reeves, Kioe,
Rogers, Joseph S.Smith, Stiles, Swann,Taffe, Irim-
ble,Van Auken,Voorhccs, Well?, Eugene M. Wil-
son, Wood, and Woodward—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Armstrong. A*P«r,
Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Beatty, Benjamin, Boles.
Booker, George M. Brooks, Buck, BuffiDton, Bnreli-
