4506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
directing how arrearages of certain invalid pen-
sioners shall be paid ; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. TILLMAN. I should like to have the
joint resolution put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It instructs
and directs the Secretary of the Interior, in
eases of invalid pensioners whose names were
stricken from the pension-roll under act of
Congress, February 4, 1862, and who have
since died or may die without having been
heard before the Department in proof of their
continued loyalty to the Government of the
United States during the late rebellion, that
the widow of such deceased pensioner have
the privilege of proving her husband's said
loyally, and, if established tMthe satisfaction
of the Secretary of the Interror, be paid the
arrearage's due her husband at his death; and if
there be no such widow surviving her husband,
or if the widow shall have died since the death
of her husband, without having been heard for
the purpose aforesaid, then the child or chil-
dren of such pensioner shall have the privilege
of being heard to prove their father's and their
own continued and persistent loyalty to the
Government of the united States during the
late rebellion; and if sneh loyalty shall be
established to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of the Interior, in accordance with such rules
and regulations as he may prescribe to carry
out the intefct of this resolution, then such
arrearages shall be paid to such child or chil-
dren.
Mr. KELSEY. Is that joint resolution re-
ported from a committee?
Mr. TILLMAN. It is not.
Mr. KELSIfiy. I must object to its being
passed without being referred to the appro-
priate committee.
Mr. TILLMAN. The provisions of the res-
olution are, in my judgment, so clearly right
and proper, that I expected there would have
been unanimous consent to have it considered
now.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. TILLMAN. Then I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and printed.
The motion was agreed to. '
Mr. TILLMAN. I ask that a letter from
the Department of the Interior in relation to
this subject be printed in the Globe with the
joint resolution.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
The letter is as follows:
Departmkkt of the Interior,
Pisk-sion Office,
Washington1, D. C., April 23, 1870.
Sir: In the case of "William Green, whose name,
with others in the insurrectionary States,was stricken
from theinvahd pension-roll of Tennessee under the
act of February 4,1862, I have the honor to inform
you that, under arecentdeeision of this Department,
no amount of pension can be paid to his widow or
heirs, as he died without having reestablished his
claim.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
II. VAN" ABRNAM,
Commissioner.
Hon. L. Tillman, House of Representatives.
enrolled bill signed
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found duly enrolled a joint reso-
lution of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
Ajoint resolution (H. E. No. 173) to enable
the Secretary of theTreasury to collect wrecked
and abandoned property, derelict claims, and
dues belonging to the United States.
appropriation to sioux indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before t-he House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior, asking for an appropriation of
$65,812 47, to pay to the upper and lower
bands of Sioux Indians, according to treaties
of June 19, 1858; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent,
Mr. RIDGWAY obtained indefinite leave of
absence on account of sickness.
Mr. BO WEN obtained leave of absence for
one week.
leave to print.
Mr. HAMILTON and Mr. COBURN sev-
erally obtained leave, by unanimous consent,
to have printed in the Globe speeches on the
Cuban question. [See Appendix.]
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order.
cuba.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the House resumes the consider-
ation of the resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs in i-elation to Cuba,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] to
the resolution of the majority of the commit-
tee. The Clerk will again report the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out at the end of the second section of the
resolution thesewords: "shall be construed to apply
equally to each of the pat ties in the existing contest
between the peoplo of Cuba and the Government of
bpam," and, byinsertingadditionalwords.'makethe
section read as follows:
. Sec. 2. A.nd be it jurtker resolved. That all provis-
ions of the statute approved20th of April, 1818, enti-
tled "An act in addition to the act tor the punish-
ment of certain crimes against the United States,
and to repeal the acts therein mentioned," shall be
so construed as to give to both contending parties
the same advantages of intercourse and trade with
tile United States, eonsistent with the law of nations,
which have been or may bo accorded to the Govern-
ment ol Spain.
The SPEAKER. On agreeing to this
amendment the yeas and nays were ordered
yesterday.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 101, not voting
52 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Ayer,
Banks, Beatty, Beck, liird, liooker, Boyd, James
Brooks, Burr, Calkin, William U'. Clark, Sidney
Clarke,Cleveland, Clinton L.Cobb. Conner.Cox.Deg-
ener, Dickinson, l)ox, Eldridge, Pcrriss, Ifitch, Fox,
G-ctz, Gibson, Griswold, H.iight, llambleton, Iiamill,
Hamilton, Hay, llolman, Ingersoll, Johnson, Julian,
Knott, Lash, Lewis, Logan, Marshall, Mayhatn,
Molveime, McrJeely, Milncs, Morgan, jVIorpllis, Mor-
nssej^ Mungen, Newsham, Niblack, Prosser, Kan-
dall, Reeves, llice, Hoots, Schumaker, Lionel A. Shel-
don, feherrod, Shober, Joseph S.Smith, Stiles, Stokes,
btrader, Swann, Sweeney, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Ward, Wells, Whitmore, Eugene M. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Woodward—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Bailey, Boaraan,Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton. Bingham, Blair, George M. Brooks. Back-
ley, Luffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin But-
ler, Roderick 11. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill,
Araasa Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Dawes, Dickey,
Dixon, pockery. Donley, Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth,
> eiry, lunkelnburg, Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale,
J([urns, Hawkins, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kctcham. Knapp,
iiailin, Lawrence, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary,
MeGrew, Mercur, Eliakim II. Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrcll, Neglcy, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
i acker, Paine, Pcrce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pome-
roy, itogers, bargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
ghanks Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
brnyth, Starkweather, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
iane, taylor, Townsend, Twicheil, Tyner, Upson,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welkor. Wheeler, Willard, John T.Wilson.Winans,
and Witcher—-101.
NOT VOTING- —Messrs. Armstrong, Barnum,
Harry, Biggs, Boies, Bowen, Buck, Coburn, Covode,
Orebs.Cullom, Davis,Bla,Haldeman, Hawley,Hays
Heaton, llelhn, Ho^e, Jenckes, Alexander H.Jones,
Thomas L. Jones,Kerr, Loughridge, Lynch, McCor-
mick, McKee, .I esse H.Moore, Samuel P. Morrill
Myers, Palmer, Peck, Peters, Porter, Potter, Ridg-
way, Sanford, Slocurn, William J. Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Tanner,
Tillman, Trim ble, Van Aukon, Van Wyck,Voorhees
Wallace, Wilkinson, and Williams—52.
So the amendment moved by Mr. Logan was
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Bingham for the substitute
reported by fclie minority of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The substitute of the minority of the com-
mittee was read, as follows :
Ajoint resolution making it a misdemeanor to fit
out or equip ships of war, with intent that they
shall be employed in the service of any European
prinee or State, for the purpose of subduing Amer-
ican colonists claiming independence, and provid-
ing for the forfeiture of such ship or vessel.
Be it resolved by the Senate an$> House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That if any person shall, within the limits
of the United States, fitout, arm, or equip, or attempt
to fit out, arm, or equip, or procure to be fitted out,
armed, or equipped, or shall knowingly be concerned
in the fitting out, arming, or equipping, of any ship
or vessel, with intent that such ship or vessel shall
be employed in the service of any European prince
or State, for the purpose of subduing American colo-
nists claiming independence, or shall issueor deliver
a commission within the territory of the United States
for any ship or vessel, with the intent that she may
be employed as aforesaid, every person so offending
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon convic-
tion thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding
$5,000. and be imprisoned for a period not exceeding
two years nor less than six mouths; and every such
ship or vessel, with her tackle, apparel, and furni-
ture, togetherwith all materials, arms, ammunition,
and stores, which may have been procured for the
building and equipment thereof, shall be forfeited,
one half to the use of the informer and the other
half to the United States.
Sisc. 2. And be it further resolved, That in every
case where a ship or vessel shall be fitted out, arrned,
or equipped, or attempted to be fitted out, armed, or
equipped, contrary to the provisions of this joint
resolution, it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, or such person as he shall have em-
powered for that purpose, to employ the land or naval
forces, or the militia of the United States, or any
part thereof, for the purpose of taking possession, of
and detaining any such ship or vessel.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the provis-
ions of the act approved April 20,1818, entitled "An
act in addition to the 'Act for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States,' and to repeal
the acts therein mentioned," shall be held to apply
and be in force, as to all attempts of American col-
onies, or parts thereof, to assert their independence;
and the words "colonies, districts, or peoples" in
such act shall be held to apply to and include all
such American colonists claiming independence, as
described in the first section of this joint resolution.
The amendment of Mr. 'Bingham was to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the substi-
tute and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the President is hereby authorized to remon-
strate against the barbarous manner in which the
war in Cuba has been conducted, and, if he shall
deem it expedient, to solicit the cooperation of other
Governments in such measures as he may deem
necessary to secure trom both contending parties
an observance of the laws of war recognized by all
civilized nations.
Mr. COX. Suppose we votedown theamend-
mentof my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]]
will we have an opportunity to vote for it as
one of the majority resolutions ?
Air. BINGHAM. It is not exactly the same
as the third resolution of the majority, for the
words "and requested " after "authorized"
are omitted.
Mr. BANKS. If the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] should be
made to the substitute of the minority, the
question will then be upon the substitute as
amended in place of the majority resolutions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood that the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio was offered to the majority report.
The SPEAKER. It will come to that after
the amendment shall be adopted to the minor-
ity resolutions.
Mr. MAYNARD. Should this amendment
be adopted, will it cut off the opportunity
to vote for the proposition reported by the
minority?
The^ SPEAKER. Those in favor of the
minority report will, of course, vote against
the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Ihe question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 23, noes 04.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Bixgiiam for the substitute re-
ported by the minority of the Committee oa
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WARD. I ask for the yeas aud i
