1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
Laws of the United States.
41st Cohg....2d Sess.
was recorded on the eighteenth of the game
month in liber D, number eight, folio two hun-
dred and ninety-four, et sequitur, one of the
land records of Washington county, District
of Columbia, to which reference is hereby made
for greater certainty; the intent of this charter
of incorporation being that the same shall be
in execution of the trusts in the said deed de-
clared and set forth, and not to any other intent
or purpose whatever.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Treasury,
and the Secretary of State be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed to ascertain and
settle upon principles of justice, a fair and just
compensation for the use of the ground and
buildings described iu the before-mentioned
deed, while the same -were occupied by the
United States for the public service; and that
the sum so ascertained and settled by them, or
a majority of them, shall, upon their certificate
and award thereof, be paid to the corporation
hereinbefore created, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any
tax which may be claimed or due to the United
States, by reason of the transfer of the property
above mentioned, or the execution and delivery
of the said deed from the said William W. Cor-
coran to the above-named trustees, be, and the
same is hereby, remitted and released.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
aforesaid buildings and grounds connected
therewith, together with all the works of art
that may be contained therein, shall be free
from ail taxes and assessments by the municipal
authorities, or by the United States, so longas
the sameshali be held and used for the purpose
hereinbefore set forth.
Approved, May 24, 1870. '
Chap. CXI II.—An Act creating an Additional
Laud District in the Territory of Colorado.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Amer ica in
Congress assembled, That all that portion of
the Territory of Colorado embraced in the fol-
lowing described limits, to wit: commencing
at the eastern boundary of the Territory at
the intersection of the second correction line
south and running thence west on that line to
the line dividing ranges numbered seventy-five
and seventy-six west of the sixth principal
meridian ; thence south withi the range line to
the third correction line south ; thence weston
said line to the western boundary of the Terri-
tory ; thence south to the southern boundary
of said Territory; thence east to the eastern
boundary of said Territory; thence north to the
place of beginning; shall constitute a separate
land district, to be called the Arkansas Valley
laud district, the office of which shall be located
at such place in said district as the President
of the United States may direct, which maybe
changed by him from time to time as the public
interest may require.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tlie
President shall appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, or in the recess of
the Senate, a register and receiver of public
moneys for said district; and said officers shall
reside in the place where said land office is
located, and shall have the same powers and
receive the same emoluments as the same offi-
cers now receive in the land districts in the
Slate of Nevada.
Apwioveb, May 27, 1870.
Chap. CXIV.—An Act to enforce the Bight
< f Citizens of the United States to Vote in
the several States of this Union, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Mates of A meviea in
Congress assembled, That all citizens of the
United States who are or shall be otherwise
qualified by law to vote at any election by the
people in any State, Territory, district, county,
city, parish, township, school district, muni-
cipality, or other territorial subdivision, shall
be entitled and allowed to vote at all such
elections, without distinction of race, ccilor,
or previous condition of servitude; any consti-
tution, law, custom, usage, or regulation of
any State or Territory, or by or under its
authority, to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. And be it furtlter enacted, That if
by or under the authority of the constitution
or laws of any State, or the laws of any Terri-
tory, any act is or shall be required to be done
as a prereguisite or qualification for voting,
and by such constitutions or laws persons or
officers are or shall be charged with the per-
formance of duties in furnishing to citizens an
opportunity to perform such prerequisite, or
to become qualified to vote, it shall be the
duty of every such person and officer to give
to all citizens of the United States the same
and equal opportunity to perform such pre-
requisite, and to become qualified to vpte with-
out distinction of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude; and if any such person or
officer shall refuse or knowingly omit to give
full effect to this section, he shall, for every
such offense, forfeit and pay the sum of five hun-
dred dollars to the person aggrieved thereby,
to be recovered by an action on the case, with
full costs, and such allowance for counsel fees
as the court shall deem just, and shall also,
for every such offense, be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof,
be fined not less than five hundred dollars, or
be imprisoned not less than one month and
not more than one year, or both, at the dis-
cretion of the court.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
whenever, by or under the authority of the
constitution or laws of any State, or the laws
of any Territory, any act is or shall be required
to [be] done by any citizen as a prerequisite
to qualify or entitle him to vote, the offer of
any such citizen to perform the act required
to be done as aforesaid shall, if it fail to be
carried into execution by reason of the wrong-
ful act or omission aforesaid of the person or
officer charged with the duty of receiving or
permitting such performance or offer to per-
form, or acting thereon, be deemed and held
as a performance in law of such act; and the
person so offering and failing as aforesaid, and
being otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to
vote in the same manner and to the same
extent as if he had in fact performed such act;
and any judge, inspector, or other officer of
election whose duty it is or shall be to receive,
count, certify, register, report, or give effect
to the vote of any such citizen who shall wrong-
fully refuse or omit to receive, count, certify,
register, report, or give effect to the vote of
such citizen upon the presentation by him of
his affidavit stating such offer and the time
and place thereof, and the name of the offi-
cer or person whose duty it was to act thereon,
and that he was wrongfully prevented by such
person or officer from performing such act,
shall for every such offense forfeit and pay
the sum of five hundred dollars to the person
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an action
on the case, with full costs, and such allowance
for counsel fee3 as the court shall deem just,
and shall also for every such offense be guilty
of a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be fined not less_ than five hundred
dollars, or be imprisoned not loss than one
month and not more than one year, or both,
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if
any person, by force, bribery, threats, intimi-
dation, or other unlawful means, shall hinder,
delay, prevent, or obstruct, or shall combine
and confederate with others to hinder, delay,
prevent, or obstruct, any citizen from doing
any act required to be done to qualify him to
vote or from voting at any election, as afore-
said, such person shall for every such offense
forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred dollars
to the person aggrieved thereby, to be recov-
ered by an action on the case, with fall costs,
and such allowance for counsel fees as the
court shall deem just, and shall also for every
such offense be guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall, on conviction thereof, be fined not less
than five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned
not less than one month and not more than
one year, or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if
any person shall prevent, hinder, control, or
intimidate, or shall attempt to prevent, hinder,
control, or intimidate, any person from exer- "-
cising or in exercising the right of suffrage, to
whom the right of suffrage is secured or guar-
antied by the fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, by means of
bribery, threats, or threats of depriving such
person of employment or occupation, or of
ejecting such person from rented house, lands,
or other property, or by threats of refusing to
renew leases or'contracts for labor, or by
threats of violence to himself or family, such
person so offending shall be deemed guilty of  
misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof,
bo fined not less than five hundred dollars, or
be imprisoned not less than one month and
not more than one year, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That if
two or more persons shall hand or conspire
together, or go in disguise upon the public
highway, or upon the premises of another, with
intent to violate any provision of this act, or
to injure, oppress, threaten, or intimidate any
citizen with intent to prevent or hinder bis free
exercise and enjoyment of any right or priv-
ilege granted or secured to him by the Consti-
tution or laws of the United States, or because
of his having- exercised the same, such per-
sons shall be held guilty of felony, and, on
conviction thereof, shall be fined or impris-
oned, or both, at the discretion of the court—
the fine not to exceed five thousand dollars,
and the imprisonment not to exceed ten
years—and shall, moreover, be thereafter in-
eligible to, and disabled from holding, any
office or place of honor, profit, or trust cre-
ated by the Constitution or laws of the United
States.
Seo. 7. And he it further enacted, That if
in the act of violating any provision in either
of the two preceding sections, any other fel-
ony, crime, or misdemeanor shall be commit-
ted, the offender, on conviction of such viola-
tion of said sections, shall be punished for the
same with such punishments as are attached
to the said felonies, crimes, and misdemeanors
by the laws of the State in which the offense
may be committed.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
district courts of the United States, within their
respective districts, shall have, exclusively of
the courts of the several States, cognizance of
all crimes and offenses committed against the
provisions of this act, and also, concurrently
with the circuit courts of the United States, of
all causes, civil and criminal, arising under this
act, except as herein otherwise provided, and
the jurisdiction hereby conferred shall be exer-
cised in conformity with the laws and practice
governing United States courts; and all crhxics
and offenses committed against the provisions
of this act may be prosecuted by the indict-
ment of a grand jury, or, in eases of crinaes
and offenses not infamous, the prosecution
may be either by indictment or information
filed by the district attorney in a court having
jurisdiction.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
district attorneys, marshals, and deputy mar-
