1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4507
on that amendment, for I want to record my
vote upon it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
not ask for the yeas and nays on this vote.
They can be had when the question comes up
on substituting my amendment for the majority
report.
Mr. WARD. If that will he the same I will
not insist upon the" call.
' Mr. BINGHAM. It will be the same ques-
tion over again that we are no# called to
vote on.
The amendment of Mr. Bingham was then
agreed to, upon a division—ayes 100, noes 17.
The question then was upon substituting the
proposition of the minority, as amended, for
the proposition of the majority.
The majority resolutions were read, as fol-
lows :
Joint resolution in relation to the contest between
the people of Cuba and the Government of Spain.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That the President of the United States be, and
hereby is, authorized and instructed to declare and
maintain a strictly impartial neutrality on the part
of the Government of the United States in the con-
test now existing between the people of Cuba and
the Government of the kingdom of Spain.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That all provis-
ions of the statute approved 20th of April, 1818, enti-
tled "An act in addition to the act for the punishment
of certain crimes against the United States, and to
repeal the acts therein mentioned," shall be con-
strued to apply equally to each of the parties in the
existing contest between the people of Cuba and the
Government of Spain.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, Thatthe President
is hereby authorized and requested to remonstrate
against the barbarous manner in which the war in
Cuba has been conducted, and, if he shall deem it
expedient, to solicit the cooperation of other Gov-
ernments in such measures as he may deem neces-
sary to secure from both contending parties an ob-
servance of the laws of war recognized by all civilized
nations.
The question was taken upon the amended
substitute for the majority report; and upon
a division there were—ayes 80, noes 68.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. BANKS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 88,
not voting 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames. Armstrong.
Asper, Atwood, Beawan, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burch-
ard, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode,
Cowles, Dawes, Diekey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fisher, Gar-
field, llale, Harris, Hawkins, Heflin, Hill. Hoar.
Hooper, Hotchkiss. Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Keteham, Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCrary, MeGrew, Mercur, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Negley, O'Neill. Orth, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,
Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Seoiield, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, TwicheU, Tyner,
Upson, Ward. Oadwaiader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn. Welker, Wheeler, Whitmore, Willard,
John T. Wilson, and Winans—101.
NATS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtoll, Bailey,
Banks, Barry, Beatty. Beck. Biggs. Bird, Blair,
Booker, Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Burdett, Burr,
Benjamin 1''. Butler, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Araasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cox, Cullom, Dege-
ner. Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge, Perriss, Imkeln-
burg, Fitch, Fox, G-etz, Gibson, Griswold, Ilaight,
Hamill, Hamilton, Hay, Holman, lngersoll, John-
son, Julian, Kerr, Knott, Lash, Lewis, Logan, Mar-
sh ail, Mayh am, McKee, McKenzie, McNeely, Milnes,
Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey, Mungen, Newsham,
Niblack, Paine, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Randall,
Reeves, Rice, Roots, Schumaker, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph
S.Smith, Stiles, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor,
Trimble, Van Trump, Wells. Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Ayer, Barnum,
Bennett, Boles, Bowen, Cleveland, Crebs, Davis,
Gilflllan, Haldeman, Hambletou, Ilawley,Hays,
Ileaton, Hoge, J enckes, Alexander H. J ones, Thomas
L. Jones, Loughridge, Lynch, McCormick, Samuel
I'. Morrill, Myers, Peck, Peters, Ridgway, Sanford,
Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Steven?, Stevenson,
Stone, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Voorhees.
Wallace, Wilkinson. Williams, and Witcher—41.
So the substitute reported by the minority
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs for the
resolution of the majority was, as amended on
motion of Mr. Bingham, agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended by the
adoption of the substitute, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading ; and being en-
grossed, itwas accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the
joint resolution,
_ Mr. BEAMAN moved that the joint resolu-
tion be laid on the table, and called for the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS.
Mr. KELSEY submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 781) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June 30,1871, having met,
after full and free conference, have been unable to
agree.
W. II. KELSEY,
W. E. NIBLACK.
BEN J. F. BUTLER,
Managers on the part of the House,
L. M. MORRILL,
J. W. NYE.
JOHN P. STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. KELSElf. The Senate have insisted
upon their amendments made to this bill, and
have asked a further conference. Before sub-
mitting the question to the House again it is
proper that 1 should state the situation of the
matter. It is very simple. This House in
passing the regular pension appropriation bill
appended to it a proviso covering the naval
pension fund into the Treasury of the United
States. The Senate have struck out not only
that, but the entire appropriation for naval
pensions. I suppose the reason for doing this
was that those pensions have been paid, at
least during one year, out of this naval pen-
sion fund without any appropriation whatever.
It seems to be conceded that this naval pen-
sion fund, situated as it is now, is entirely
under the control of the Secretary of the Navy
as trustee, and that he can make payments
from it, not only {or naval pensions, but, in his
discretion, for all other purposes. The effort
of the managers on the part of the House has
been to place this naval pension fund under
the protection of law, so tbat payments shall
not be made from it at the discretion of any
individual, no matter what position he may oc-
cupy. The conferees on the part of the House
have submitted various propositions, which have
not been accepted on the part of the Senate.
In my judgment a further effort should be
made to bring the two Houses together on this
question. It is an important one. It is to settle
the policy of the Government as to the control
of this fund while it shall remain in existence.
My colleague on the committee of confer-
ence from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
some views he desires to submit to the House,
and I yield to him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, as this matter concerns §14,000,000,
which appears in every statement of the public
debt, and as it has been before the House three
times already, and as in every case the House
has passed it in one way, may I ask the atten-
tion of the House to the question presented in
this conference report?
There is claimed to be a fund of $14,000,000,
known as the naval pension fund. That fund,
as it stands charged on the books of the Treas-
ury, is the one half which came to the United
States from prizes taken by the Navy during
the war, the officers and men having received
in prize-money an equal sum. That fund is set
apart by law for the payment of naval pensions;
but unfortunately, sir, it- is not covered into
the Treasury of the United States. If gentle-
men will look at the several reports of the
amount of the national debt they will find this
$14,000,000 reported continually outstanding,
and it is so standing as a fund that any Secre-
tary of the Navy, if there should be one base
enough—and I do not mean by any manner of
means to throw any reflection upon the present
Secretary of the Navy—can take that fund and
dispose of it as the Indian fund was dissipated
in the Interior Department under the adminis-
tration-of Thompson; which Indian fund we
are now paying interest on, although the fund
has gone.
Now, the House proposes to cover that naval
pension fund into the Treasury. We have three
times voted it. I have been on the committee
of conference three times on this question, and
each time the House has insisted on putting
the fund into the Treasury, so that it cannot
be taken out without appropriation by law, and
each time we have met opposition from the
Senate. The argument of the Senate—and I
will state it in its length and breadth—is that
as this fund was earned by the Navy, therefore
it should be kept for the Navy, and that the
law has pledged us so to keep it. The Navy
have had the one half they have earned, and
this belongs to the United States for the pay-
ment of naval pensions, and I wish to put it
into the Treasury so that the naval pensions
will stand with exactly the same claims the
Army and other pensions of the Government
have.
Now, then, the history of the naval pension
fund is this: in every war, commencing with
1800, there has been by law a setting apart one
half of the prize money to pay naval pensions.
But whenever that fund is exhausted, then the
Navy pensioners come upon the general Treas-
ury of the United States for pensions. The
fund became in funds in our war with Algiers,
the Barbary Powers, and France. It got up
to some proportion, but itwas soon exhausted,
and then the naval pensions were claimed and
paid out of the Treasury. The war of 1812
again put a large amount into the fund ; but
every one got pensioned out of it that could,
and it was soon exhausted, and then the Navy
came upon the Treasury again for their pen-
sions. Our Mexican war raised the fund, and
again every one strove to be pensioned out of
it, and it was exhausted. In 18-55 or 1856, as
1 remember it. the fund being again exhaust-
ed, again the Navy came upon the Treasury for
their pensions. The late war raised the fund to
$14,000,000, which will be §15,000,000 when
ail is paid in ; and it is now sought to keep it out
of the Treasury so as to allow every man or
woman connected with the Navy to get a pri-
vate bill through this House for their benefit
chargeable upon that fund without going to
the Committee of the Whole for an appropria-
tion, precisely, as you will remember, it was
attempted to pay the Kearsarge out of the Jap-
anese fund without going to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. ARCHER. They did do it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Did they?
Then it was worse than I thought. That being
so, Mr. Speaker, the House has over and over
expressed the desire that this money shall be
covcred into the Treasury. The proposition of
the committee of conference is not to require
the fund to be put into the general moneys ot'
the Treasury, but that it shall go into the Treas-
ury so nothing except an appropriation by law
can touch any part of it. On that proposition
we have disagreed with the Senate, and the
question now before the House as to_ the dis-
position of this money ought now to be definitely
decided.
I say the House has had this annual contest
with the Senate over this fund three times.
The first time the compromise was to cat down
the interest to three per cent., and that was
claimed to bea breach of faith. The second time
we managed to get the naval pensions charged
upon the fund specifically by appropriation.
