1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
But when the gentleman from Illinois makes a
motion to reconsider, that will givo him the
privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to understand
distinctly the position of this matter. The gen-
tleman from Illinois makes a motion to recom-
mit the bill. Do I understand that when the
bill comes up for reconsideration he can with-
draw that motion? If not, his motion will pre-
clude amendment and will send the bill away
from the possession of the House. As we now
have it before the House, I desire to keep it
here; and unless I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois is to withdraw the motion
to recommit, I will move to lay the motion to
recommit on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have already stated
that at the proper time I propose to withdraw
that motion. I desire to allow the largest rea-
sonable latitude for amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am satisfied.
The question being taken on the motion order-
ing the bill and amendments to be recommitted
to the Committee on Reconstruction, and to be
printed, it was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now enter a motion
to reconsider that vote.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
payment oe pensions,
The regular order was the business pending
when the House adjourned yesterday, which
was the bill (H. R. No. 547) to define the duties
of pension agents and prescribe the manner of
paying pensions, and the motion of Mr. Law-
rence, that the bill be recommitted with in-
structions so to amend it as to provide for
the payment of pensions in every county in
each State 'and Territory free of expense to
the pensioners.
On this amendment the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. Before the question is
put I ask unanimous consent to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] whether
any report has been received from the Post-
master General showing the feasibility of pay-
ing these pensions through the money-order
system ? "
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am not aware of any
such report having been received. Butlknow
that we pay sums in the money-order offices,
from one dollar up, to all classes of people,
all over the country, and I believe we have
wisdom and capacity enough to devise a sys-
tem which will do the same thing for every
pensioner in the country.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman will
take measures to obtain from the Postmaster
General some report on the subject.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Lawrence, to recommit the bill with
instructions, there were—yeas 100, nays 53,
not voting 58 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arnell, Bailey,
Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burr, Callon, Cessna,
Cleveland, Arnasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger,
Cowles, Cos, Crcbs, Bowes, Dickey, Dickinson,
Dixon,Dockery, Donley, Dox, Duval,_ 1.1 a, Eldriage,
Farnsworth, Ferry, Fisher, Getz, Gilfillan, Golla-
day, Greene, Griswold, Ilaight, Hale, Hamill, Lunn-
ilton, Hawkins, Iloar, Tloge, Hooper, lngersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kelley, Knott, Lawrence, juar-
shall, Mayham, McCormick, McCrary, McGrcw,
Mercur, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell. bainuel
Is. Morrill, Mungen, Neglcy, Niblack, Packard,
Packer, Palmer Pomcroy, Prosser, Randall, Bid-
ing, Rice, Sargent, Schenck, Schuuiaker, Sconcld,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Slocnm, John A. Smith, Jos.
S. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Stoughton,
Swann, Townsend, Twiehell, Upson, Van Trump,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler,
Willard, Eugene M. Wilson. Winans, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—101. .
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Asper, Jicaman, jjery ri-
min.Bennett.Bird, Blair,Biirchard.Burdett.Churcn-
ill, Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Davis, Ferriss, 1< mkeln-
l.nr" Fitch, Hawlev, Hay. Alexander JH. Jones,
Jndd. Kelsej, Knapp, Laflin, Logan, Loughndge,
Mavnard, McCarthy. J esse H. Moore, Myers,0 Neill,
Orth, Paine, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Potter, Rogers,
Hoots, Shanks. William J. Smith. Worthmyton C.
Smith. Staikweathci.su,kus.Stron!!. Pweency.ialte,
Tanner, Trimble, Tyner, Van Horn, Welker, and
Wilkinson—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong,
Axtell, Banks, Barnum, Beatty. Benton, Boles,
Bowen, James Brooks. Benjamin K. Butler, Roder-
ick It. Butler, Cake, Coburn, Deweeso, Dyer, Fox,
Garfield, Haldoman, Hambleton, Hays, Heaton,
llcflin, Hill, Iloag, Ilolman, Hotolikiss, Thomas
L. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Lash,
Lynch, JlcNeely, Eliakim II. Moore, Morgan, Mor-
rissey. Reeves, Sanford, Sawyer, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod, William Smyth, Stiles, Strader, Strickland,
Tillman, Van Auken. Voorhees, William B.Wash-
burn, Wliitteraoro, Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Witcher—57-
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
commences, and reports are in order from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
BLANKETS FOR ENLISTED MEN.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H. R,
No. 107) authorizing the issue of blankets to
enlisted men of company B, tenth infantry, to
replace others destroyed by lire; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to cause to be issued forty-five blankets
to such enlisted men of company B, tenth Uni-
ted States infantry, whose blankets were de-
stroyed or rendered worthless in the extinguish-
ment of a fire at Fort Snelling, Minnesota, on
the 20th of December, 1808, said blankets to
be issued without cost to them.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUMMONING WITNESSES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, reported the following resolution :
which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That all witnesses required to give testi-
mony beforo any committee of this House shall, when
practicable, be summoned by letter or by telegraph,
and no money shall hereafter be paid out of tho
contingent or other fund of the House for service in
summoning witnesses beyond the actual expense
incurred by the officer of tho Houso in executing
such order, the amount of said expense to be verified
by the oath of said officer.
SETTLEMENT OF OFFICERS' ACCOUNTS.
Mr. LOGAN also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 784)
to authorize the settlement of the accounts of
officers of the Army; wljich was read a first
and second time,recommitted to the com mittee,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
ARTIFICIAL UMRS, ETC.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (II. R. No. 785) to provide for
furnishing artificial limbs to disabled soldiers ;
which was read a first and second time.
The first section of the bill provides that
every soldier who was disabled during tlie late
war for the suppression of the rebellion, and
who was furnished by the War Deparment with
an artificial limb or apparatus for resection,
shall be entitled to receive a new limb or ap-
paratus as soon after the passage of tliis bill as
the same can be furnished, and at the expiration
of every five years thereafter, under such reg-
ulations as may be prescribed by the Surgeon
General of the Army; provided that the soldier
may, if he so elect, receive instead of said
limb or apparatus the money value thereof, at
the following rates : for artificial legs, seventy-
live dollars; for arms, fifty dollars; for feet,
fifty dollars; for apparatus for resection, fifty
dollars.
The second section directs that the Surgeon
General shall certify to the Commissioner of
Pensions a list of all soldiers who have elected
to receive money commutation instead of limbs
or apparatus, with the amount due to each, and
that the Commissioner of Pensions shall cause
the same to be paid to said soldiers in the same
manner as pensions are now paid.
The third section provides that every soldier
who lost a limb during the late war but from
the nature of his injury was not able to use an
artificial limb, and consequently received none
from the Government, shall be entitled to the
benefits of this act, and shall receive money
commutation as herein provided.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill, and I wish also to say a word
or two to the House. On the 29th of last March
the House, by resolution, instructed the Com-
mittee on the Militia to report a bill upon this
subject, and they gave the terms which they
required the bill to contain. I present now a
bill from that committee, and 1 offer it. as a
substitute for the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. It is in exact ac-
cordance with the resolution of the House of
the 29th of March last.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Shanks, as fallows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That any person who has been mustered into or
served in the military or marine service of the Uni-
ted States, irrespective of tho rank or branch of
service, and who has been honorably discharged from
such service, shall upon proper application and
proofs made to the Commissioner of Pensions from
time to time during his natural life bo entitled to
receive from the Government of the United States,
through the Pension Office,without cost to the appli-
cant. stich artificial limbs, crutches, and trusses ss
may by him beneeded onaecountof wounds received
or other disability incurred during his said service.
Sec. 2. Andheit.further enacted, That it is hereby
made the duty of tho Commissioner of Pensions to
receive and considcrall appticar ions made under tho
provisions of tho preccd ins section. Andthe proofs
on file in the Pension Office on which a pension may
liavo been granted shall bo evidence, so far as appli-
cable, under this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Pensions shall cause to bo furnished through
the pension agcncy nearest tho residence of tbc ap-
plicant such artificial limbs, crutches, and trusses
as under this act he may be entitled to. And it is
further made tho duty of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions to adopt and enforcesuchrulesandregulations
as may from time to time be necessary to prevent
frauds on the Government, through carelessness or
other causes, upon the part of persons receiving tho
benefit of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
unlawful for any person receiving artificial limbs,
crutches, or trusses of any character under the pro-
visions of this act to give, sell, barter, or otherwise
dispose of the same; nor shall any limb, crutch, or
truss whatsoever furnished under the provisions of
this act bo liable for any debt or other liability,
either of the recipient or of any other person, either
with or without his consent.
Also amend the title so that it will road:
A bill to providoforthe furnishing at the expense of
the Government artificial limbs, crutches, and trussos
to honorably discharged officers, soldiers, and ma-
rines, whenever needed during life, on account <>f
wounds received, or other disability injured in tho
military or marine service of the United States.
Mr. SHANKS. Some two years ago I intro-
duced a resolution, which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, asking their
attention to this subject. That committee
reported against the proposition, but proposed
to give a payment to the soldiers in money as
an equivalent for not giving them artificial
limbs. The matter passed on until this Con-
gress met, and on tho 29th of March I intro-
duced a resolution containing in substance, if
not the precise words, the first section of the
substitute which I have offered. That resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on the
Militia, and that committee attempted the
other day to report a bill in accordance with
the resolution, but objection was made.
I have obtained from the Commissioner of
Pensions a statement showing the number ot
persons who would be entitled to receive assist-
ance under my substitute. There are 5,00H
who have lost one arm ; 33 have lost both arms ;
