2620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
"Amwer. Yes, sic; over half of tlioni wore Demo-
crats.
"Question. IXow were they appointed?
"Answer. These sub-agents' by ourselves, anil the
principal agents by tho Seoretary of War.
"Question. You say that one half of these sub-
agon ts were Democrats,
"Antteer. Yes. sir; they said they were.
"Question, Did they voto tho Democratic ticket
last year?
"Jiww«r. They said they did to me in person,
"Question. How many so stated?
"Answer. If I had the roster X could point them
out. X removed no man ibr his politics except one
man who violated an order of General Buohanan.
" Question. Y ou say you have seen as many as three
hundred armed men going about the streets in one
body; m what capacity were they acting?
"Answer. As the Innocent Club.
"Question. Were their arms publioly displayed, or
were they concealed?
"Answer. Generally concealed; but I rodo along
tho lines as an offieor of tho Army, and they showed
their arms to me.
"Question. llow many did that?
"Answer. I supposo fifty of them.
"Question. Name some of them?
"Answer. I could not name one of thorn now.
"Question. Did any of the officers show you their
arms?
"Answer. No j I don't think they did,
"Question. Do you personally know tho president
of tne club?
"Answer. Xhavemcthim; I don't know him very
well; 1 have been introduced to him.
"Question. Did theso individual members answer
for ill a club, or for thomsolves?
"Anstoer. X don't know; they said they were going
(to linisli tho negroes. 'Death to all negroes' was on
ono ot their transparencies.
"Question, llow often did you sco that club parad-
ing in such numbers?
"Answer. i<'our or iivo times.
"Question. Were theso the only persons you ever
haw parading tile streets in numbors ?
"Answer. No, sir; Isawmen in citizen's clothos,
who .^aid tlicy belonged to this club, fitty or sixty in
a squad, maiching with arms openly, and thoy said
they weredeputy police or deputy marshals, preserv-
ing the peaco of the city. I saw as many as sixty in
one squad, and as many as three, four, and fivo hun-
vlred in ono night.
"Question. Did they in fact maintain peace and
order?
"Answer. They weregoingaround; Isawnopeace
mid order in this city trom tho last week of October
until a lew days beforo tho election.
"Question, llow did it come that you had personal
intercourse with so many of those parading bands
as 1 o their purposes and intentions ?
"Answer. 1 used to ask them. X would go among
them and ask them what they wero going to do. X
was curious about it myself.
"Question. Did you ever visit their club-rooms?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. When you saw them beating negroes
did you intorposo to prevent it?
"Answer. I tried to do so once or twice, I always
stopped it if X could." '■ * *•
"Question. You say that tho Republican party at
the la-t election in Now Orleans could nothavesafoly
voted enmasse?"
"Answer. No, sir; tho negroes could not, Tho
whit.es could, Xsuppose." * '■ *
" Question. Do you know any facts that existed on
tho day of election, or for several days before it, by
reason of which or in consequence of which it won Id
have been unsafe fort.ho Republican negroes to go to
the polls and voto, if they liad gone m the usual way
individually, and without any hostilo demonstra-
tion?
"Answer. I do not think the negroes could havo
voted.
"Question. Do you not know that some negroos did
vote?
"Ansioer. I did not see a Republican ticket. Tho
voto was all one way. X suppose some negroes
did vote the Republican ticket, but 1 did not sea
them.
"Question. Did you not vote?
"Answer. No, sir; I never vote."
This same witness says that the general
opinion of these lawless men was that they had
the sympathies of the Army with them to aid
them, and were very free in giving him inform-
ation as to their purposes.
Now, here is the testimony of a man who
•was not a partisan, derived from his own in-
formation and tho reports of his subordin-
ates, the majority of whom were Democrats.
Ho. describes the condition of that city. I
hardly feel justified in reading any more tes-
timony after that, I will, however, refer to
the testimony of Stephen 13. Packard, United
States marshal, which will be found in volume
one, page 17, who concurs in the general state-
ments here, and in the conclusion of General
Hatch, that the Republicans coald not have
voted and that they did not vote because it was
not safe to vote. I refer also to the testimony
of Dr. M. A. Soulhworth, (vol. 1, page 642,)
who testifies to the same general facts, and in
addition testifies that the white Bepublican
leaders, the prominent men, were themselves
unsafe, and were obliged to change their lodg-
ings at night in order to escape tho danger
of assassination.
Dr. Southworth testifies further that an
effort was made to obtain arms. Tho brave,
determined Republicans of Louisiana made
an effort to obtain arms to defend themselves.
They sent to the State of Illinois; they could
not get arms there. They sent Dr. Southworth,
who was a Union refugee from Texas, and
who is a man of nerve and resolution, to New
York to consult with the Republicans there in
order to obtain arms. He could not buy them
on credit, they had no money; he could neither
buy, beg, nor borrow arms; and tho leading
Republicans of the national central com-
mittee advised against his having arms lest
the resistance of the Republicans of Louisi-
ana should damage the cause elsewhere. The
policy appears to have been to make martyrs
there lest we should lose votes elsewhere.
The testimony of Governor Warmoth (vol. 2,
page 6X0) is also very full and explicit. The
testimony of William Baker, chairman of the
board of registration, (vol. 1, page 1,) is to tho
same effect. The testimony of General Lo.e,
who was an officer of the Army of the Union, is
to tho same effect. The testimony of G eorge L.
Cain, one of the police of the city, is also to the
same effect. lie testifies to sundry attempts
on tho part of these violent law-breakers to
tako possession of tho police headquarters
and turn the civil authorities entirely away.
And there is a mass of testimony of scores and
scores of witnesses, filling two volumes, which
I might cite to sustain the proposition that the
city was in the hands of a mob, that there was
no security to life or property of Republicans,
and at one time the violence went so far that
even tho Democrats themselves felt uneasy as
to their own security and that of their prop-
erty. For one week this reign of terror con-
tinued, and finally, finding no protection, no
assurance, no hope, tho Republicans agreed
that thoy would refrain from voting. Their
leaders told General Rousseau that there would
be no attempt ou the part of the colored Re-
publicans to vote. Then, and not till then,
did General Rousseau, the officer command-
ing under the flag of tho United States, say he
could maintain the peace if tho Republicans
would not vote; then, with the assistance of
tho Democrats, lie could keep tho peace.
It came to that; about three days before the
election it came to that point, and the colored
men of the Republican party living in the city
of New Orleans and tho parish of Jefferson
mado no attempt to vote. On the day of the
election there was peace, there was quiet.
One of the Democratic witnesses said that the
day of the election was more like tho day of a
funeral than like an election day. indeed;
when within one week over two hundred men
had been slaughtered and thcirwives and their
children were in mourning it was, indeed, more
like a funeral than like an election I There-
fore the election went by default on the part
of the colored voters. And now we are told
that because this was a peaceable election,
therefore the votes of those two bloody parishes
must be counted. We are to be told that it
was necessary for a man to take his life in his
hand and go to the polls, and incur riot and
bring on bloodshed and suffer death, if it need
be, at the polls, before wo can say he has been
intimidated. Sir, I maintain such a doctrine
is not sound; is neither law, nor common sense,
nor justice. I maintain that the intimidation,
the violence, and the bloodshed which had pro-
duced this effect are just as pertinent to the
question whether this was a pcaceable and free
and lawful election in those parishes as if the
blood had been shed at the polls on the day of
election. If a man shoot at you to-day with
the evident purpose to kill you, though he does
not take your life, and you know that if you
cross bis path to-morrow hia heart would be
unchanged and his purpose still fixed, you are
justified in prudence and common sense in
avoiding ttye v/ay by which you would encounter
liim.
But the question may be raised whether if
the Republican's had' maintained 4 firm front,
whether if they had fought it out, they might
not in the end have had a peaceable election.
That was a question whjeli I asked myself over
and over again, for, unfortunately for me, per-
haps, my own temper is a little combative. I
do not like to give up, and I do not like to see
anybody else give up until the best that can be
done has been done.
1 therefore asked a Democratic witness,
"don'tyou think that if the Republicans and
the colored men had stood up to the fight—they
had the numbers and they had the right on
their side—don't you think if they had stood
up to the light they could have fought it out
and had justice ?" And the invariable answer
in substance was, " No ; they were helpless in
our hands ; it would havebrought on a conflict
of racesv and they would have had the worst of
it," That was the opinion of the colored meu
themselves, and they seemed to have viewed
the question more like Christian martyrs than
like modern partisans. They took (he advice
of their preachers; they surrendered their
arms; they submitted to whatever happened
to fliem; they preferred rather to suffer and to
wait for that final justice which they believed
this nation would some day do them than to
attempt to defend themselves.
1 am convinced by the body of this testimony
that resistance on their part would have been
in vain. There would have beeu bloodshed ;
thousands of men would have been killed where
hundreds were killed, whilo the end would have
been the same. I am convinced—I came re-
luctantly to that conclusion—that the colored
peoplo acted wisely and well; that they were
justified in refusing to wage war in order to
assert their right to vote; that they were jus-
tified in remaining under shelter at home with
their families, out of sight of the bloodhounds
who thirsted for their blood, and in waiting
until this nation, if ever it shall have the nerve
and will to do it, shall see that all its people
have the right to put the ballot into the ballot-
box pure and unstained by blood.
Why, what was their condition ? Here wero
fifteen or twenty thousand armed men, sworn
in secret conclave that they would not permit
a man of color to share in the government
of the country, armed, organized thoroughly
tinder their commanders and their sub-com-
manders, from the central organization of the
State down to the circle of' one hundred men.
Theso " Kuights oT the White Camelia" were
bound together by oaths and by-laws sanc-
tioned by their oaths, as perhaps no other
organizations ever were bound. Their obliga-
tion compelled them, at the word of their
superior officer, to take tho field if need be
against the colored race. They had the signs
and modes of signal. They had an arrange-
ment by which a tap on a bell, or a certain
number of taps, would bring them to a given
point; a certain number for a ward, and a
certain other number for an election district;
they could be brought to any given point by
tapping on a bell. Aud we know that when-
ever a riot occurred, no matter where or how,
the streets of New Orleans swarmed with
armed men ready to take part in it. If the
colored men resisted for a moment they were
pat to flight or consumed by the wrath of ene-
mies. They thought it prudent not to maintain
that contest longer than they did. They fought
there for a week; or rather they suffered for
a week; and then they abandoned the contest.
I say there has never been a precedent for a
case like this. There never was such a case
before ; and I trust there never may be another.
We ought, in my view, to maintain the proposi-
tion that this violence, aimed at the election
and affecting the election,-is material to the
