4508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI.OBI).
Jung. jM?I
But last y«ar, as showing tlie power of the Sec-
retary of the Navy over this fund ho paid the
naval pensions out of it without any appropria-
tion by lav; ■whatever. I do not mean to say
that he did a mo'ral or denial wrong. But lie
did it without the amount being appropriated
by la%v. And if he can pay $870,000 out of
this fund without any authority of law for a
proper purpose I fear—for it is a fuud outside
of the Treasury—he may take it all and do with
it as was done with the Indian fund, which was
in the Interior Department. And what was
done with it? Why every State that wanted
to borrow money borrowed out of it—Florida,
Arkansas, Mississippi; and all ourlndian fund,
being a fund outside of the Treasury, was
loaned on State securities which have become
substantially worthless. And hereafter, if we
do not get this fund into the Treasury of the
United States, it maybe loaned on like worth-
less securities. I yield to my colleague. [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. That the House may under-
stand this case, I think a few words will be
sufficient. To begin with, there does not exist
any such fund. There is no fund of this
kind. There stands every month, upon our
monthly statement of the public debt, a ficti-
tious addition to it of $11,000,000, called the
Navy fund. It exists nowhere. You must
take $14,000,000 out of the Treasury and set
it apart for this fund if you wish to do anything
with it; but i do not think there is any more
propriety or necessity for doing that than
there would ho for setting apart 1^18,000,000
to pay the Army pensions. The credit and
fiiilh and honor of the United States aro alike
pledged to the payment of the Army pensions
and (he payment of the Navy pensions, and
nothing can be more sacred than the one or
the other. There docs not seem to me to bo
any more propriety in making this fund, and
keeping it apart for the naval pensions, than
there would be in keeping a like fund apart for
the Army pensions. In my judgment they rest
upon precisely the same foundation. And, in-
asmuch as this has come to be a fiction, and
nothing more, I propose for one to put the
Navy pensions and the Army pensions upon
precisely the same footing, namely, upon the
honor of the nation itself, and to take from
the 'Treasury year after year what is necessary
to meet the pensions in either branch of tho
service.
The suggestions of my colleague upon the
committee, [Mr. Kei.sey,] and ofmy colleague
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] as to the
danger arising from the existence of this fund
when set apart, will commend themselves to
gentlemen as an argument why tho Navy pen-
sions are safer when this fund is in the Treas-
ury than they will be if we have a fund of
$11,000,000 upon which we can, in an emer-
gency, charge any private bill which we may
desire to put through.
Mr. SCOF1EL1). If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will allow me, I
would remind him that the law as it now
stands requires that this fund should be taken
out of the Treasury and invested in bonds.
Tlmt law has never been complied with. But
it stands on the statute-book, and unless the
fund is put back into the Treasury I suppose it
must be invested in bonds.
Mr. DAWKS. As my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] states, the law requires
this to be done. The proposition of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and that which the
last committee were in favor of, which my col-
league from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] now
advocates, is that we should by law put this
fund and the Army pension fund upon the same
level. There is no sacredness attached to the
naval pensions under that law which does not
attach to the Army pensions, because there is
nothing in the law in relation to the granting
ol naval pensionswhich can be regarded in the
light of a contract or pledge more sacred than
thosobligations of the (ioverntubut lor any other
pensions. And I have heard no reason why
the Navy should feel less secure in their pen-
sions than the other branch of the service, or
why they should have any right to have their-
pensions put above those of the Army by moans
of a separate fuud; and that, in tuy opinion, is
not safe, for the reasons which liavo beau already
stated.
Mr. KELSEY. I now yield to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin',] the chairman
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I fully concur with the
action of the Committee an Appropriations in
providing for covering this naval pension fund
into the Treasury of the United States, and I
hope this House will insist that it shall be go
disposed of.
Now, the facts in regard to this naval pen-
sion fuud are these: it docs not now yield,
large as the fund is, a sufficient amount of
interest to pay the naval pensioners. And
heretofore our course of action has been to go
to the Navy Department and ascertain how
much of the interest of that fund was on hand,
and then to appropriate out of the general
Treasury the balance needed for the payment
of naval pensioners. If we restrict the naval
pensioners to the interest on this fand their
pensions would necessarily have to be consid-
erably reduced.
We have always acted upon the principle
that, there was no difference between Aimy
pensioners' and Navy pensioners ; and there
should be no difference. Therefore we have
to make up, and do make up, the deficit out
of the general Treasury. As it is now, the
question is simply, why should one portion of
tho naval pensioners' fund be outside of the
Treasury and another portion of it inside of
the Treasury ? We ought to be able to control
it all. As it stands at the present time we do
not control it.
And, as has been said by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawim,] this fund figures
upon the books of the Treasury as a part of
the national debt, to the extent of $14,000,000,
borrowed from the naval pension fund by the
Treasury, at an annual interest of throe per
cent. The operations of the Department, of
the Treasury would be very greatly simplified
by covering this fund into the Treasury, where
it belongs, and making our annual appropria-
tions for pensions without discriminating, either
in amount or in thp source from which they
are paid, between the Army and the Navy
pensioners.
I hope, therefore, the House will insist upon
its action heretofore in regard to the disposition
to he made of this fund, and that it will bo
placed in tho Treasury, where it should be
placed ; and that hereafter we will appropriate
sufficient from the Treasury, to pay the full
amount of the naval pensions, as we have here-
tofore appropriated for the deficit needed to
make, with the interest on the naval fund, the
necessary amount. There is no good reason
that I can see for keeping this fuud in its
present condition.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 now yield a few moments
to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer. ]
Mr. AltCHEK. I hope this House will not
insist upon its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate. The Senate are right in what
they have done. I contend that no greater
outrage can be committed upon any class of
people than would be committed by this House
upon the widows and orphans and the disabled
men of the Navy by covering this naval pen-
sion fund into tho Treasury.
Since the year 1800, time and again acts of
Congress have been pas^od declaring that the
naval pension fund shall be kent forever in-
violate. The words of those acts"are, that the
naval pension fund " shall be and remain for-
ever a fuud for the payment, of pensions and
halt' pay, should the same be hereafter granted
to the officers and seamen who may be entitled
to receive the same."
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] speakii of'three distinct aquabhles iit?
this House in regard to this naval pension fund,'
Sir, there.never was any discussion or. any ■
squabble here oyer this fund until -tte gentle-;
njan from -Massachusetts [Mc- Basiea] himi'
self brought-forward a proposition in regard la-
it'. In 1868, without any debate whatsoevfiuiir
this House, ihp pj-ojJo.sHiSP Qf tfcft geRtlefflpn
was adopted that thereftfoe> there- Re-
paid pn this n%v l pension fond qsjy; tjiyee per
Gent, interest it}, currency Jpstefld ol six pgf*
cent, in gold, as provided by law. By a solemn
net of the C.QQgreqs.-pf t]je Unitgel States the
money belonging to-this navgl pqRgicm fund.1**"!
been directed to lie invested ji> fhe gve-tweaty
bonds of tlie Qov^pjitS®Ht' And when tjie
House took the action t;o ijehiph Ih$vpreferred
it did a great wrong, for the Seopetary, of the
Navy had directed the act of CQiigress to be
read on board every vessel of our Nayy and
at every station to tho i3§ftK)en $ntl officers of'
the Navy, in which actitwas provided that this
fund should be kept as a separate fund in order
to provide for their farpiljes in casg of their
death, or for themselves ij\ cw of their dis-
ability wliile'in the service of the United States.
That provision of Congress has been a, greijt
inpen.tiyo to men to'enlist in the Nftvy-^the
provisiou that this fund should be kept inviolate
for them in case of casualty $t sea or in war ;
and I hope the House will ^gre^ to the amend-
ment of the Senate. The Senate has stood by
this fund since the gentleman froffi MfHisacbu-
setts [Air. Butleb] has made his attack upon
it ! and I hope the Senate will continue to stand
by it,
So far has the. Congress of the United States
gone that in every bill which has been passed
in relation to this fund provision, has iiot only
been made for distributing the fund, but it has
been declared that whenever the receipts of
interest from that fund should amount to more
than sufficient to pay the pensions to these
ofiicers and men the exeess should be used for
the purpose of building marine hospitals. It
is owing to the laches, the neglect of the Con-
gress of the United-States, that the annually
aooruing interest has not been used in this way
or the pensions increased.
This fund has been created through.the gal-
lantry of our officers and seamen. If-.it now
stands m the Treasury without any separate
investment it i$ because the ofiicers of tiie dif-
ferent Departments have bean derelict in their
duty. Acts of Congress have declared in ex-
press terms, tipie and again, that these invest-
ments should bs made.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] gays that the Secretary of the Treasury
has taken this money and paid the pensions
of officers without any appropriation by Con-
gress. I gay to him thpt rio appropriation was
necessary. The fund was there. Congress
had passed la,ws fixing the ainonijt which each
man should receiver«snd thei'p was po reason
why theae amounts should not be paid. No
specific appropriation has been made from 1800
down to the present time. The Secretary of the
Treasury has always paid these pensions upon
the proper vouchers from the Navy Department,
Mr. BENJAMIN. Wif.lt the eonsent of tho
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer,] I
will m$ke a single remark. The gentleman is
correct in the statement that this fund has not
been appropriated. It has been disbursed
according to the judgment of the Secretary of'
the Treasury; and I hold in my hand a state-
ment ot some of the disbursements. By the
construction of an act of Congress, which I pre-
sume no gentleman on this floor would for a
moment sanction, one individual has received
from that fund $2,0q0> G4 without any warrant
or authority of law whatever. This has been,
done under a construction of law which, as I
have intimated, is wholly indefensible and
cannot be justified.
Mr. AHCHES, "What was the act, and who
was the name of the person who received- the
sum to which*the gentleman refers?
