5452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July II,
reconstructed rebel States the law fixing two
hundred and forty-one as the limit of the num-
ber of this House has been observed. Each
of those States has been admitted with the
number allowed to it by law under the appor-
tionment of 1861. Now, if Virginia, as she
stands, can be entitled to an increased number
of Representatives because newly admitted,
then each one of those readmitted States was
entitled to some indefinite number of Repre-
sentatives; to be fixed by this House. But the
theory which the committee have adopted, and
tvhich I hare 110 doubt the House will adopt,
is that the apportionment made in 1861 by the
Secretary of the Interior for those southern
States will, in the absence of any new legisla-
tion, be decisive with this House as to the
number of Representatives to which they are
entitled under the law; and under that appor-
tionment the law has fixed two hundred and
forty-one as the number of members, with the
addition of such as shall be admitted from
States constructed out of Territories.
Having said all that I wish to say iu opening
this case, I yield for thirty minutes to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] repre-
senting the minority of the committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] in staling
this case so far as the action of the committee
was concerned fell into an error in saying that
there were ten members of the whole com-
mittee who considered it and voted against this
claim. I have the record here, which shows
that there were eleven members pi'esent and
four of those voted with the minority. One other
member agreed in opinion with the minority,
and would have signed the report if he had
been here.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman will allow me
to make a statement. It may be that he is right
as regards the record of the vote, for I had not
that m my mind when I spoke. I had in my
mind, however, the opinions of the members,
ten of whom J know concur in this report.
Mr. STEVENSON. So far as that is con-
cerned, I know that this case was never prop-
erly considered after the committee was in-
creased to fifteen. It was considered by the
committee under its old organization, and was
voted upon by the committeeas reformed ; the
old committee consisting of asmaller number.
But those matters ought not to weigh much
with the House. The House should consider
this case upon the reasons given; and I should
not hesitate a moment in my prediction of the
result if I felt sure that this House would con-
sider the reasons or read the reports. It is
conceded that upon the express letter of the
law as it stands the old apportionment of
1861, giving to the State of Virginia eleven
members, remains unchanged. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin says that every other
reconstructed State was admitted with the
number of members to which it was entitled
under the old apportionment. That is a true
statement of the course of reconstruction.
And that being so, every other reconstructed
State having been admitted with the number
given by the old apportionment, why was not
Virginia admitted with eleven members?
A part of the committee assumes that the
proceedings constituting the new State of West
Virginia, and the act of Congress giving to her
three Representatives, took away by its own
force and virtue three Representatives from
Virginia. Without her consent, without her
knowledge, so far as appears, you gave to the
new State of West Virginia, taken from her side,
three members ; and you say that thereby, and
by force of that act alone, without her knowl-
' edge or consent, you deprived Virginia of her
constitutional right to eleven members, and
reduced it by three.
You must, in order to sustain the majority
report in this case, assume this, that when you
admitted the new State of West Virginia and
gave her three members that act of its own
forcc without her consent took away from Vir-
ginia three members. I say there is no such
law. Virginia was entitled to eleven members.
You could not between census apportionments
reduce that number constitutionally without her
consent. You cannot reduce the apportionment
of a State except upon the general reapportion-
ment, constitutionally, without her consent.
The Constitution provides that there shall be
a census taken within every ten years and a
new apportionment made under it, and the
apportionment having been made among the
States under the last census you have no right
to single out any one State and reduce her
apportionment without her consent. I know
there have been acts increasing the apportion-
mentof States, but the States always consented
to that; but you cannot show one act reducing
the apportionment of a State.
Why, then, Mr. Speaker, is Virginia not
entitled to eleven Representatives? Because
under the reconstruction acts she proposed, and
we assented to the proposition, that she should
have only nine. Her convention, authorized
by our laws, fixed the number at nine, and
provided for one at largo by au ordinance
attached to her constitution and a part of the
constitution necessary to its operation. The
creation of West Virginia had divided the State
of Virginia and had cut asunder the congres-
sional districts, broken them up, so that it was
necessary for some authority to redistrict the
State. Under that ordinance the State was
redistrieted, and every member from Virginia
who now holds a seat on this floor holds it
under that redisricting of the State, and unless
that ordinance is valid for all it cannot beheld
valid for any one of them.
The supreme court of the State of Virginia
has also decided that ordinance to be a part
of the constitution of the State of Virginia,
which we have expressly approved, and we
have ratified its provisions by three several
acts. If gentlemen will recur to the Fortieth
Congress they will find two acts passed by this
House. The first was House resolution No.
1381, by the third section of which we ex-
pressly provided that Virginia should have
nine members, one at-large. By House reso-
lution No. 1485 the same provision was made.
In the Senate the Judiciary Committee re-
ported this last resolution back to the Senate,
recommending its adoption unanimously with-
out amendment in this regard. Finally, we
passed an aet by both Houses authorizing an
election in the State of Virginia. Under the
constitution and their ordinance—which pro-
vides for election of membex'S who could not
otherwise be elected than iu accordance with
its provisions—oar President proclaimed it in
a general order by the general commanding,
which commanded the people of Virginia to
hold an election and to elect a member-at-
large. The proclamation of our general com-
manding ordered and commanded the people
of Virginia to vote for a member-at-large.
The people went to the polls under that order
and command, and voted all over the State
of Virginia for a member-at-large. Our gen-
eral commanding made returns, which I hold
in my hand, showing that 217,923 citizens of
the State voted by command of the President
of the United States for this officer whom you
say is not authorized by law.
Mr. PAINE. Where does it appear that the
President did any such thing?
Mr. STEVENSON. The President does
what his subordinate general does.
Mr. PAINE. Does not the gentleman know
that the reconstruction acts conferred the power
directly on the General of our armies?
Mr. STEVENSON. We authorized the
President to order an election, and the Presi-
dent did order an election, and his subordinate
officer issued a proclamation commanding this
very action. The President made no objection
to it. It was his aet, his command, done iu
accordance with law, and the returns wore
made accordingly, by which all the members
from Virginia sit on this floor to-day. Poe=
the gentleman suppose that the hero who sits
in the White House would turn his back on his
own officer who has obeyed his orders ? The
gentleman cannot make liim do a thing so
unworthy.
Two hundred and seventeen thousand nine
hundred and twenty-three citizens under that
order went to the polls and voted, 117,499
having voted for Mr. Segar, all on the
faith of the acts of Congress and according to
the command of the President of the United
States; and now the man elected by over seven-
teen thousand majority comes here with a cer-
tificate from our own officer, and he is met at
the door by the statement that the whole matter
was unauthorized and that he has no business
here.
Mr. Speaker, I have not time to go over all
the ground and arguments of the case and
allow other gentlemen who wish to address the
House. If ever the faith of the nation was
pledged, if it be possible for this Republic to
pledge its faith to a State, it has been here
pledged. And the saving of one empty chair
in this House is a bubble unworthy to be com-
pared for a moment with the magnitude of
the wrong which would be done if we should
reject this man whom the State of Virginia has
sent here at our invitation and command. I
wish only to add that I have here a table show-
ing that there were seventy thousand more peo-
ple in Virginia who, by the law and constitution
as they now stand, are representative popula-
tion than would entitle the State to nine mem-
bers. So that equity unites with law in requir-
ing the admission of the member-elect. I yield
to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] for five minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to give the rea-
sons why I shall vote to give Mr. Segar his
seat. In the first place, the people of Virginia
are morally and equitably entitled to it. With-
out going into details, I may mention that by
the census of 1860 they were shown to have
had a population of 1,216,132 persons, a popu-
lation which, under our ratio, gives them nine
Representatives, and a surplus fraction of over
seventy-five thousand. It is true that in 1860 a
portion of these were slaves; but they are not
slaves now, and I may say that they cheerfully
bear their testimony to how much Mr. Segar
has had to do in changing their condition.
The only point to consider is the technical
argument in this case—it is only a technical
argument—which is interposed to giving Mr.
Segar his seat. Let us see whether it is against
him, or whether it is not for him. According
to the census act of 1850 the State of Virginia,
by the census of 1860, was found to be entitled
to eleven members. That act has never been
repealed; it has never been modified; it has
never been changed directly to this day. In
1862, on the 4th of March, the number of mem-
bers of this House, as the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paixe] has stated, was fixed at two
hundred and forty-one. But we subsequently
admitted Nevada, with her member, and by so
doing wo enlarged the number of the House.
Wo admitted Nebraska, with her member, and
by that act enlarged the number of the House.
We next admitted West Virginia, with three
members. It is said that thereby we did not
enlarge the House, because that State came out
of the State of Virginia.
But iu connection with that point let me say
that the act which admitted West Virginia is
silent as to the representation of Virginia. It
does not assume to reduce the number of hei
Representatives or to take away any of them.
Now, in the act which divided the State of Massa-
chusetts and organized the State of Maine it
v.us there provided how many Representatives
the new State of Maine should have, and how
many the old State of Massachusetts should
retain. But in the case of Virginia the law is
silent npon that point, and the case stands, as
I have said, upon the results of the census of
1860, as declared by the Secretary ofthe Interior,
that she is entitled to eleven members.
