THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Janimry 11,
4,627 liave lost one leg; 42 have lost both legs;
21 have lost an arm and a leg; 2,516 have been
afflicted with hernia, eatised- by service in the
Army; rriakiag a total of 1-2,245 persons who
would be recipients under the substitute I have
offered. I have offered this- substitute from
the Committee on the Militia for the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
lor this reason especially: it will be reeollected
by the House that since the close of the war
the War Department furnished artificial limbs
to soldiers. ■ It has not yet been five years, still
you can hardly find in this country any person
who now has an artificial limb so furnished to
him. There is in the bill a proposition to pay
these soldiers in money, which would be well
enough, but I think that is not what the Gov-
ernment desires. I think what the Govern-
ment should desire to do is to plaee these
persons as- riearly as possible in the condition
they were in before the war; at least to furnish
them, whenever necessary, with artificial limbs
free of expense-.
Mr. LOGAN. I am sorry that there should
be any conflict between the Committee on the
Militia and the Committee on Military Affairs
of this House, especially in reference to wooden
legs. I have no desire to seek anything of the
sort; but if there is anything of the kind con-
nected with the chairman of either committee
I think that probably the Committee on the
Militia would be the proper committee to fur-
nish legs to the man who lias none. But inas-
much as that has nothing to do with the sub
ject, and as we can furnish "shanks" from
onecommittee as well as another, [laughter,]
I think there shouljj not be any contest here as
to wliat_ committft should report a bill upon
the subject.
I object to the substitute of my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Shanks] for many reasons. First,
it is all shanks and no money. [Laughter.] We
propose in our bill to provide that men who
have lost legs, arms, or feet in the service of
the United States shall be provided with arti-
ficial limbs, if proper artificial limbs can be fur-
nished. But many of them are in such a con-
dition that they cannot use artificial limbs.
Some have been so seriously wounded that
artificial limbs wheti applied are of no use to
them. Hence, we propose that where an arti-
ficial limb cannot be used an amount in money
may be paid equal to the price of the artificial
limb that would have been purchased by the
Surgeon General from the manufacturer had
it been proper and useful to the soldier.
Now, in the report of the Surgeon" General
which was submitted to the eommitee, but
which it is not necessary to read in full, he
slates the number of artificial limbs and appli-
ances furnished by the United States to crip-
pled soldiers, and the numbers are as follows:
legs, 4,040 ; arms, 2,817 ; feet, 22 ; hands, 74 ;
apparatus, 213; total, 7,772. It was recom-
mended by the Surgeon General that in some
instances money be furnished in lieu of the
artificial linffo. I huve stated the reason in
favor of that proposition. We have drawn our
bill as nearly as possible in accordance with
the recommendation of the Surgeon General,
who has had more experience in reference to
this matter than either the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs or the Committee on the Militia.
1 do not think that either of these committees
knows very much about this question. I know
that we all have to be guided in our action upon
a question of this kind by our sympathies and
feelings and by the information which we may
derive from tnose who have had better oppor-
tunities of acquiring knowledge on the subject.
In the oill reported by the chairman of the
Committee on the Militia there are mentioned
borne articles which I do not think there is any
necessity that the Government should furnish,
lhere may be some necessity for their use by
disabled soldiers, but certainly there is no
occasion for the Government furnishing these I
appliances. They are such articles as can be I
purchased anywhere in the United States. I
There is hardly a town or village in which the
articles cannot be purchased at a very low
price. I presume there is no soldier who
desires the Government to furnish him directly
with articles of this kind; at least I have never
heard of one who did. The Committee on
Military Affairs deem it proper that where a
limb has been lost in the service of the United
States the Government should furnish as nearly
as possible a substitute for the limb thus lost.
The bill of our committee is drawn for the
purpose of meeting as nearly as possible the
needs of the persons suffering from the loss of
limbs. I hope the House will pass the bill and
will not adopt the substitute proposed by my
friend from Indiana. I am willing to say that
the gentleman has shown great and very com-
mendable zeal in behalf of these unfortunate
soldiers; and I hope his services in their behalf
may be understood by them all over the coun-
try. He has manifested on every occasion his
sympathy for their unfortunate condition, and
has used his best efforts to alleviate their mis-
fortunes. I hope, however, that the conflict
in this House between the Committee on the
Militia and the Committee on Military Affairs
will cease at this point, that the- substitute of
the gentleman from Indiana will be voted
down, and that the bill of the Committee on"
Military Affairs will be passed.
Mr. SHANKS. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman that there is no conflict between the
Committee on the Militia And the Committee
on Military Affairs. I am satisfied that the
gentleman should think me the proper person
to make provision for furnishing these limbs to
soldiers, only hoping that he will sustain me in
my efforts to do so. The only point of differ
ence between the two committees is that the
Committee on the Militia are a little more lib-
eral in their purpose, as they desire—and in
this they are in accord with the instructions of
the House—to furnish these artificial limbs,
&c., whenever needed. The Committee on
Military Affairs, a little more dignified in the
manner of presenting their favors, propose to
furnish these limbs once in five years. Now,
sir, I think that whenever a soldier needs an
artificial limb it ought to be furnished to him
by the Government, even though it be oftener
than once in five years. The soldier when he
went into the service had limbs which under
ordinary circumstances would have lasted him
his lifetime; and I do think that the Govern-
ment ought to be magnanimous enough to place
the soldier in as nearly as possible the position
in which he was when he went into the service.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
a single remark?
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. [ believe the bill of thegen-
tleman provides that these artificial limbs shall
be furnished whenever necessary.
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. _ Who is to determine the ne-
cessity—the soldier, or somebody else?
Mr. SHANKS. In all matters of this kind
we are obliged to rely upon competent testi-
mony. We are obliged to ascertain by testi-
mony whether an individual has served in the
Army or not. We do not know—the Commis-
sioner of Pensions does not know, from his
personal knowledge—who were in the Army
and who were not. Testimony is necessary to
show whether any particular individual has
served in the Army or not. Again, it requires
testimony to show whether he is entitled to a
pension or not. It requires testimony to show
everything that he may 1  entitled to from the
Government. It is just as easy to show that
the party is entitled to an artificial limb; it is
just as easy to show that at the end of five years
a man is entitled to an artificial limb as to show
that he is still living or is still a cripple. I can
see no difficulty in the matter.
Mr. LOGAN. I have but one remark to
make in answer to the gentleman from Indiana,
and it is this. The report of the Surgeon
General, which is before the House, shows that
once in every five years is as oftpn as these
limbs are required. Experience) proves that
these artifical limbs last five years and longer.
He thinks that we should supply one in every
five years, and we have drawn our _bill in
accordance with his recommendation. * I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 50; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHANKS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SHANKS. I withdraw my amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
' Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIEF OF AR31Y OFFICERS.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 109) amendatory of "joint resolution for
the relief of certain officers of the Army," ap-
proved July26, 1866; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the joint resolution entitled " Joint
resolution for the relief of certain officers of the
Army," approved July 26, 1866, shall be so
construed and amended that in all cases arising
under the same the person to whom the com-
mission shall have issued shall be considered
as commissioned to the grade named therein
from the date when the commission was issued
by competent authority, and entitled to all pay
and emoluments as if actually mustered at that
time; provided, however, that at the issuing of
the same he was performing the duties of the
grade to which he was commissioned, or for
such time after the issuing of his commission
as he may have actually entered upon such
duties.
The second section provides that persons
held as prisoners of war by the enemy, or who
shall haaebeen in hospital by reason of wounds
or disability at the time of the issuing of their
commissions, shall be entitled to the same
benefit under this resolution as if actually per-
forming the duties of the grade to which they
were commissioned.
The third section provides that the resolution
shallnotbe construed to apply to cases in which,
under the laws and Army regulations existing
at the time, there could have been no lawful
muster into the service even after the actual
receipt of the commission.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF ARSENALS, ETC.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee, also
reported a bill (H. E. No. 786) authorizing the
sale of certain arsenals and other property of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted.
DATID SERGEANT.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee, also
reported a bill (H. R. No. 787) for the relief of
David Sergeant; which was read a first and
second time.
It directs the Quartermaster General to pay
David Sergeant, late captain company II, sev-
enth regiment Michigan cavalry, §360 for trans-
portation of enlisted men.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state the facts. A body
of troops were ordered from Denver to Fort
