1870.
the congressional globe.
2621
issue to be tried in this House. What else can
we do?
[Here the hammer fell.]
^ h°Pe the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] may be allowed to con-
clude what he has to say. .
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Lough-
ridge in the chair.) How much more time
does the gentleman want ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Not exceeding thirty
minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection the gentleman will be allowed to
proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. What other remedy
have we? It is to be borne in mind that the
new-made voters of the South are naturally
perhaps more easily intimidated than the fierce
Anglo-Saxon. These men have been but
recently lifted from slavery and they yet stand
trembling in the presence of their former mas-
ters. They have neither lands nor homes but
as their old masters will. They have been en-
franchised, it is true, but they live in .the sight
of the earnings of their lives and of their fa-
thers before them, and we give them no share.
These men are obliged to labor, if labor they
may, on the domain of rebel masters. In one
parish there a rebel family own twenty thou-
sand acres of land of the best of creation ; and
hundreds of loyal freedmen must beg to labor
there for a livelihood at the beck and whim
of men thus favored by fortune. You leave
all the incidents of material prosperity with
the master, and necessarily you leave him
control over these men.
Thus situated these people need some pro-
tection. Do you tell me you will send your
soldiers down to take care of them? Then, in
order to do so, you must double your Army.
This Congress does not seem disposed to double
the Army. But even if you do send soldiers
to defend the voters the relief is but temporary.
When the sword is withdrawn tliese men are
again at the roercy of the lawless. Do you tell
me that you will punish by the civil process of
the courts those who violate the sacred right
of suffrage? Sir, for the thousands of men
who were killed in Louisiana in 18(18 no man
has yet been punished, no man has been
prosecuted, no man has been indicted. How
would you punish them ? Before juries com-
posed of the men who aided to do the deed ?
Go, if you please, to bloody Opelousas to red
St. Landry, where the rich, soil of the Teche
drank in the blood of hundreds of the freedmen,
where their corpses were piled up by scores and
left unburied, their places unknown till the car-
rion crow gave indication. All of the white
able-bodied males residing there were out in
arms, mad with the thirst of blood, and hunt-
ing these people. A jury trial in Opelousas !
One of the sheriffs of the county turned out
of jail more than a dozen innocent men, to
be led in the hour of night to their death,
and no man yet knows by whose hand they
died. Is there any remedy, then, in the courts ?
No; you cannot anywhere enforce the law
against publicopinion by civil process. Where,
then, is the remedy, if any? It is here, and
is to be administered in cases of elections
coming before us. If you so adjudicate upon
these cases that violence and bloodshed and
murder will have nothing to gain, the motive
will be gone, and they will not be carried on.
That is the remedy, if any there be. Even
that is imperfect; but it is peaceable; it harms
no innocent man; it deprives no man of any
right, because office-holding is not the right
of any man. We have been told that a man
has a right to resign an office whenever he
chooses; but I do not think that any man has
an absolute right to hold an office. Hence
this remedy deprives no mail of any right.
It merely declares that violence shall not pre-
vail, that bloodshed shall not reign, that riot
shall not triumph, that lawlessness shall not
make law. That is the rule, that is the rem-
edy, the only safe rule and the only available
remedy. In applying it to-day we are called
upon to decide that where a parish or precinct
was controlled by violence and terfor, so that
there was not a free, fair, and peaceable elec-
tion, it shall not be counted.
But I am told this will produce dreadful con-
sequences. It will throw out parishes and
change results. Lot those who do the deed
look out for the consequences. It is not for us
to shield' the guilty.
But they tell us we ought at least to declare
the election void. And why do they tell us
that? Because they think "half a loaf is
better than no bread;" because they will
rather try again, rather have another deal at
the cards stained with blood; because they
want to say if their candidate supported by
violence ^shall not have the seat then none
shall. That would be a premium on violence,
and then if the district organized by violence
had the choice between being represented by
their opponent or not being represented at all,
they would prefer the latter alternative.
No, Mr. Speaker; the rule is, and the only
safe rule in my judgment, is to exclude the
violent parish and count the peaceable parish
or precinct, as the case may be, and let the
result be arrived at in that way. I propose to
apply that rule to this case. There were seven
parishes in this district. On the official returns
the certificate was given to Mr. Sheldon be-
cause of informality in the electiort or in the
return. Four ofthe parishes were thrown out,
Orleans, Terre Bonne, St. John Baptist, aud
Jefferson. La Fourche, St. Charles, and St.
James gave 5,108 votes for Sheldon and 2.833
for Hunt. The parishes of St. John Baptist
and Terre Bonne were comparatively peace-
able. There was more or less intimidation and
the influence of coercion used. These parishes
were comparatively peaceful. We find the
technical objections have'bee'n removed by the
evidence in the case, and we go back to the
original returns. Therefore we admit those
two parishes, which makes the result 4,582 for
Hunt and 7,928 for Sheldon, giving the latter
3,340 majority.
That calculation excludes the parishes of
Orleans and Jefferson. It is not necessary to
produce the result to exclude Jefferson; but
1 make my calculation, not for the result, but
from the premises 1 have laid down. In the
investigation of these cases 1 come to them
regardless of the question of the result.
I apply the rule, therefore, sir, to the parish
of Jefferson. Being practically a part of the
city of New Orleans and under the same rule
of violence, it should be excluded. In the par-
ish of Jefferson 002 Republican votes were cast,
and 2,224 votes were cast for Mr. Hunt. Now,
upon the registry, as generally understood and
believed by both parties really, though not
owned by Democratic partisans, but down in
the under-current, it was well understood and
well known the Republicans had in these two
parishes a majority ; yet there is the vote.
I will review briefly the political history of
those two parishes.
The number of registered electors in tiie
parishes of Orleans and Jefferson in 1867 was
34.706, of whom 18,097, a majority, were col-
ored. The Republican vote east at that elec
tion in 1867 in those parishes was 16,083, a
large majority of votes cast. The regular lie-
publican vote of those parishes in April, 1808,
was 17,106. The entire Republican vote cast
in those two parishes in November, 1S68, was
1,814, being a falling off in about six months
of over 15,000 votes upon a largely increased
registration. There were 5,000 new registra-
tions of foreigners made in that parish. New;
I mean new naturalizations ar.d registrations.
The comparison is equally striking if con-
fined to the vote in Jefferson parish alone, or
in that part of Orleans comprised within this
congressional district. The Republican vote in
Jefferson in 1867 was 3,284 ; in April, 1868,
3,133 ; in November, 1868, 672; a decrease of
nearly four fifths. The testimony relative to
the elections of 1807 and April, 1868, do«s not
show the vote of the wards of Orleans'-sepa-
rately, but it is understood that the population
of the parish was about equally divided' between
the • first and second congressional districts.
The registered vote of the part of the parish
within the second district in November, 1808,
was 21,314, more than half the registered vote
ofthe parish. The Republican vote cast at tlie
November election, 1868, Was 124, probably
not two per cent, of the Republican vote.
Neither party, as the record shows, obtained
amajorityof the registered vote, although there
had been 5,000 new naturalizations, many of
them being foreigners who had been duritig
five years—not in the United States as la\v-
abiditig citizens, but in the confederacy, fight-
ing the United States. Men wets registpred
under the orders of the courts in defiance of
law. Then the election was all one Way, and
nobody knows whether it was regular and law-
ful of not. Republicans were even afraid to
act as officers of election. And p'et under all
these circumstances Mr. Hunt did not obtain
a majority of registered voters in the district.
Now, in all that I have said, even if in the
heat of the moment I may have'inadvertently
said anything unkind bf the people of Louisi-
ana, 1 say I have no desire to make use of any
unkind expression with reference to them. ' 1
regret the necessity of saying anything against
them. That State, however, has been in a
peculiar condition. It was rebellious, but it
was never conquered; it was never fought over.
The city of New Orleans fell without a blow, and
then passed through the vicissitudes of various
military governments, aud is just rising into a
condition of civil government again.
They had there in Louisiana, as I have said,
a peculiar mixed population. They had a large
French population who had in times past been
changed from flag to flag without their own con-
sent, and somehow they do not feel the same
attachment and loyalty and obligation to the
Government which some other people feel.
A French witness on the stand was asked on
which side his sympathies were during the war.
"Why!" he said, "on the side of my country
of course; this is my country hero." Another
witness was asked whether he was loyal to the
Government. "Yes," he said, "he had taken
the oath." "Had he taken the oath to the
rebellion?" J'Yes." "And did he keep
that?" "Yes." " Had he taken it back again
to the Government,-and did he keep that?"
"Yes." " Had he taken it back again to the
rebellion?" "Yes." " Did he keep that?"
"Yes." "Did he take it back again to the Gov-
ernment?" "Yes." " Was he keeping that?"
" Yes." "But how was he loyal to the Gov-
ernment?" "By doing nothing against them."
He was asked if he would fee! bound to change
his allegiance every year if the authority changed
every year, and he said he would—a very good
cosmopolitan doctrine. And I do not blame
those people so much for this feeling. They
were never united to this Government volun-
tarily. They are a mercurial people, many
of them of southern origin, French, Spanish,
Italian, and from the islands of the eea. When
you go into the market place of the city of
New Orleans you will see there the represent-
atives of a score of nationalities. You will see
four races of men—the Indian, the Chinese,
the Black, and the White. You will hear men
of many nationalities, speaking as many lan-
guages, until you think you are at the tower of
Babel.
The city itself is a conundrum. The city,
I am told, is on the left bank of the river, and
yet as we go south it appears to be on the
right bank of the river. It is said to be on
the east side of the Mississippi, and yet the
sun sets on the same side of the Mississippi.
I know that it is on the left side, but the river
curls so that what I have said is true. The
Mississippi river runs north at that point:
and the water is higher than the land ; when
