1870.
THE COJSTGBESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
5453
But meanwhile our reconstruction acts are
put into operation. By the permissive author-
ity of those acts the convention of Virginia
provided that she should have nine members,
eight of thernto be elected by districts and one
to be elected by the State at large. It was pro-
vided yi those reconstruction acts that—
"The proceedings in any of said States shall not
be deemed final or operate as a complete restora-
tion thereof until their action respectively shall be
approved by Congress."
Congress has approved the act of the con-
vention of Virginia with the full knowledge,
with its eyes open to the fact, that that con-
vention had provided for the election of the
nine members; so that the number eleven,
fixed by the action of the Secretary of the
Interior, under the law of 1850, has, by the
combined effect of the action of the convention
of Virginia, and our own act in restoring her
to representation under the action of that
convention, been reduced to nine. But if we
look at the technical law, the law as it stands
upon our statute-book—and it is the technical
law that is appealed to—we find that the tech-
nical law, instead of being against justice, is
in favor of justice; in other words, in favor of
letting Virginia have representation in propor-
tion to her numbers, as other parts of the
country have. Without extending this argu-
ment, having said this much as a reason why
Mr. Segar should be admitted, and why,
indeed, he ought to have been admitted long
ago, I yield the floor.
Mr. STEVENSON.^ I yield ten minutes to
my colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Bikgham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I can hardly hope in the
short space of ten minutes to say all that ought
to be said to the House touching the issue that
is before it; but I pray the attention of the
House to the few word3 I may be able to litter.
And first, I ask the House to disabuse its mind
altogether of the intimation which has been
made here that because the State of West Vir-
ginia is entitled to three Representatives, there-
fore the State of Virginia is not entitled to
nine. I ask the House to consider that the
State of West Virginia is entitled to no repre-
sentation save by virtue of the action of Con-
gress apportioning representation to her by a
special law.
I answer once and for all the suggestion of
gentlemen, how did you increase the original
apportionment ofVirginia over the actof 1850?
I say you did not increase Virginia's appor-
tionment, but you changed it in the same way
iu which you changed the representation it) the
case of California, and in the case of Illinois,
and in the case of South Carolina, by a special
act of Congress. Sir, there is 110 power on
this earth to challenge your authority so to
increase or diminish the representation of all
or any of the States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Willthe gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but ten minutes,
and I certainly cannot yield.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask one ques-
tion only right there.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, what is it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If Virginia is entitled to
nine Representatives, is she not entitled to
eleven ?
Mr. BINGHAM. That question does not
arise, for the reason that eleven have not been
elected ; nor does the existing law of Congress
provide for eleven Representatives in Virginia.
I am meeting the case as it is. On the 31st
day of December, 1862, Congress passed an
act declaring that the State of West Virginia
should be entitled to three members in the
House of Representatives of the United States.
That no more touches the original status of
Virginia as to representation than it touches
that of Ohio, and there I leave that point.
Now, by the general law of the United States
apportioning Representatives upon the enum-
eration of 1860, Virginia, notwithstanding the
erection of the new State of West Virginia,
was entitled to eleven Representatives iu the
Congress of the United States, and so would
be to-day but for subsequent special legislation
of Congress. The constitutional convention
of Virginia provided only for the election of
nine Representatives, by an ordinance adopted
by that convention. After that action of the
convention of Virginia what took place ? After
that ordinance had been passed—and it lies
before me, dated April 17, 1868—and after
the new constitution of Virginia had been
framed by the very same body, the Congress
of the United States passed an act, approved
on the 10th of April, 1869, with that constitution
before them approving it, and with that ordin-
ance before them approving it; thereby Con-
gress declared Virginia entitled to nine Rep-
resentatives, to be chosen as provided in the
ordinance.
That is my answer to the suggestion here,
that it was needful for a law of Congress to
entitle Virginia to this ninth Representative ou
the floor of this House. There is the law, and
the same law that entitled her to the eight that
have been sworn in entitled her to the ninth.
Will gentlemen of the House please bear
with me for a moment while I make another
suggestion ? Gentlemen will not doubt for a
moment that under the general provision of
the laws of the United States, until Congress
so authorized it by a subsequent act, as she
did in the case of Virginia, Virginia could only
elect her Representatives in separate districts.
The preexisting law of Virginia—and chat is
the fact to which I ask the attention of the
House—for the election of her eleven members
to Congress was swept away by this ordinance,
and not a single district remained after that
ordinance was passed which had been provided
for by the preexisting law of Virginia. Will
any member rise in his place and say that theie
is any more reason to challenge the ninth mem-
ber than the remaining eight members. It was
perfectly competent for the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to authorize this thing to be done,
and Congress did authorize it to be done with
the constitution and ordinance of the State
lying before it, by the act approved April 10,
1869. By that act Congress did solemnly
declare as follows :
"That the President of the United States, at such
time as lie may deem best lor the public interest,
may submit the constitution which was framed by
the convention which met in Richmond, Virginia,
on Tuesday, the 3d day of December, 1867, to the
voters of said Sta te, registered ar_ the date of said
submission, for ratification or rejection ; and may alt-o
submit to a. separate vote such provisions of said
constitution as he may deem best, such vote to bo
taken either upon each ol the said provisions alone,
or in connection with tho other portions of said con-
stitution, as the President may direct.
" Sec. ~. And be it farther enacted, Thatat the same
election the voters of said State may voce for and
elect members of the General Assembly of said State,
and all the officers of said State provided for by the
said constitution, and members of Congress; and the
officer commanding tho district of Virginia shall
cause tho lists of registered voters of said State to bo
revised, enlarged, and corrected prior to such election,
according to law, and for that purpose may appoint
such registrars as be may deem necessary. And said
elections shall be held and returns thereof made in
the manner provided by the acts of Congress com-
monly called the reconstruction acts."
Until the enactment of this law Virginia was
entitled to elect eleven Representatives by sep-
arate districts; but Congress by this aet accepted
this ordinance, and restricted Virginia to nine
members. To be sure, it was done in very
general terms; but it will not do to soy now
that it was not intended to include the ordin-
ance and the election of members of Congress
under it.
You gave your President of the United
States discretionary power in this behalf to
submit these questions to the people. And
the President of the United States, in pursu-
ance of this very act and of that very ordinance,
did issue, through the general commanding the
district of Virginia, his order for the election
of these members of Congress. That order is
dated May 21,1869. The act is approved April
10. 1869. The order of the President is:
"The President of the United States having desig-
nated Tuesday, the 6th day of July, 1860, for sub-
mitting the constitution which was framed by the
convention which met in Richmond, Virginia, on
Tuesday, the 3d day of December, 1867,-to the voters
of said State registered at the date of said submis-
sion, for ratification or rejection;" and having di-
rected that the following provisions of tho said con-
stitution, to wit." * * * * * *
"First. Thatan election beheld in the State of Vir-
ginia on Tuesday, the 0th day of July, 1809, at which
election all registered voters of said State may vote
' For constitution" or 'Against constitution,' (the pro-
visions submitted to separate vote being excepted,)
and also on the same ballot " may vote for and elect
members of the General Asembly of said State, and
all the officers of said State provided for by the said
constitution, and members of Congress,' as appor-
tioned by the ordinance adopted by the constitu-
tional convention, as hereinafter specified."
And the order of the general commanding,
concluded in these words:
"In each of which districts one person shall be
elected as Representative to the Congress of the
United States by the qualified electors of tho dis-
trict. In addition, one Representative to Congress
shall bo elected by the ballots of the registered
voters, voting at large throughout the State."
Mr. PAINE. Willthe gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. PAINE. The suggestion is that the gen-
tleman is reading from an order of General
Cauby, aud not from a proclamation of the
President of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am reading from the
order of General Canby, reciting the words of
the President of the United States.
Mr. PAINE. What the gentleman reads is
the language of Louis V. Caziarc, aid-de-camp
to General Canby, and not the language of the
President of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have read the recital in
the order of tho terms of the proclamation of
the President of the United States.
"The President of the United States having desig-
nated Tuesday, the 6th day of July, 185D, for submit-
ting the ' constitution which was tramed by the con-,
vention which met in Richmond. Virginia, on Tues-
day, the 3d day of December, 1SI>7, to the voters of
said State, registered at the dato of said submission
for ratification or rejection;' and having directed"—
Who "having directed?" .The President
" having directed that the following provisions
of the said constitution shall be submitted to
a vote of the people ofVirginia," and further
that they "may vote for and elect members of
the General Assembly of said State and all the
officers of said State provided for by the said
constitution, and members of Congress, as
apportioned by the ordinance adopted by the
constitutional convention, and as hereinafter
specified," including a member-at-large. Sir,
it is a recital of record that no man may ques-
tion. This is done under the order ot the
President, by his express words, and by virtue
of your act of 18C9.
Now, when the members of this House come
to vote on this question I want to know by
what logic they can arrive at the conclusion
that the ordinance designating the territorial
limits of the various congressional districts in
Virginia, and reducing the delegation of that
State from eleven to nine, one of which was
to be elected at large, shall be held to bo good
and valid as to eight members and void as to
the ninth? I submit that should the House
adopt that course it would simply stultify itself,
and that too without color of excuse.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. PAINE, I have been requested by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] who
represents the minority of the committee in this
case, to yield to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McICeyzte] for two minutes, which I do
out of the time remaining to me.
Mr. McKENZlE. I am reminded by the
course of debate on this case very much of the
old gentleman who had some friends to dine
with him, and when the time came to say grace
he requested that it might bo very brief, as the
time for dinner was limited. [Laughter.] I
am exceedingly desirous that my friend Segar
should obtain his seat here. I think that Con-
gress made a pledge to the State of V irginia,
when it approved the constitution of that State,
that it should be entitled to a Representative-
