2622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
it rains the water runs away from the river ;
the earth seems to be afloat, and a cotton dray
on the street -will shake the firmest building.
Here, then, is this great, miscellaneous,
metropolitan, mercurial population, full of
prejudice, full of pride, full of hot blood, full
of unchastened rebellion. What wonder if
once more they made fight against negro suf-
frage and radical ascendency, which to them
are the synonyms of all that is odious? They
made a fight. They made it heartily. They
believed they would win. They had no idea
that when the Representatives they sent to
these Halls presented their certificates they
would come into a chamber the majority of
whose members were loyal, Union, Repub-
lican men. They thought, as some of the wit-
nesses said, that Seymour and Blair would be
elected. So benighted were they in their un-
fortunate darkness that they really believed
down there that "Blair and Seymour" would
be elected, and that their certificates would be
honored, and all talk of violence and blood-
shed would be pooh-poohed as they turned the
corner and established the counter-revolution,
proceeding to undo all that has been done
from the beginning.
I have no malice toward these people. They
are generous, hospitable, benevolent, and kind
until you make them mad—the cleverest people
in the world until they are offended; but then
look out for the southern blast, the tornado and
the thunder and the violence of the storm 1 If
you survive it they may forgive yon ; and I hope
that yet t-hey will become peaceable, loyal citi-
zens of the Republic. I hope that we have
heard the last in those rich valleys and fertile
plains of the lvuklux and the Knights of the
White Camelia, of violence and bloodshed. I
hope that hereafter the magnolia may bo per-
mitted to shed its luscious bloom in that fair
land unstained by the blood of man.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was communicated from the Pres-
ident, by Mr. Horace Porteii, his Private Sec-
retary, informing the House that the President
had approved and signed a bill and joint res-
olution of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 1123) to remove political
disabilities from Francis E. Shober, of North
Carolina; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 234) directing
an inquiry into the loss of the United States
steamer Oneida.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (hi. K. No. 1707) to attach
Luzerne and Susquehanna counties to the east-
ern judicial district of Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 17G8) relating to
certain counties of the western district of
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to bo printed.
ELECTION CONTEST—HUNT VS. SHELDON.
The House then resumed tho consideration
of the contested-election case from tho second
district of Louisiana.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I shall feel ex-
tremely grateful if the House will give me
some of its attention while I talk about this
important case. It is the first of five cases
pending before this House from the State of
Louisiana. It is, therefore, to make the first
impression upon the House sitting as a judicial
body in reference to those cases. It seems to
me, therefore, to be in every point of view
extremely important, as well as demanded by
every consideration of justice, that this case
particularly should be fully and fairly consid-
ered by the House.
Mr. Speaker, in the outset of my remarks I
beg the attention of the House for a few min-
utes while I refer to the general coudiiion
that prevailed in the State of Louisiana at the
time of the election and has prevailed there
since the war. It was a southern State; it
was a rebel State. Slavery existed there be-
fore the war, and by the fortunos of war tho
slaves were set free. By the subsequent action
of the Government that large portion of tho
population of the State have since been intro-
duced into tho body of the electors of Louisi-
ana. Tho former condition of society, and the
institutions, social aud political, have been
changed,and changed most materially; changed
in such a way as above all to challenge into
existence those feelings and sentiments that
must iu the very nature of man trench very
closely upon the confines of passion, tho
prejudices of caste, and all those feelings
which belong to our race and which it is not
in the nature or power of man*, by any act of
his own will, fully to exorcise. 1 care not
what may be required of men, or what mere
strangers to existing conditions and circum-
stances may think just and practicable, or what
dreamy optimists in civil government may
think possible, yet the stubborn facts remain
that men do not and never have, and cannot
as communities, rise far above the circum-
stances and conditions by which they are sur-
rounded, or imined'ately change or abandon
the sentiments, convictions, feelings, and amen-
ities of their entire lives—the growth of suc-
cessive generations, the very individualities
which distinguish them as a people.
I hope this House, therefore, in considering
the condition of things that prevailed in Louisi-
ana will only expect of their people that they
shall have acted under the circumstances as it
became honorable men, controlled by tho pas-
sions and feelings and prejudices that control
men everywhere, not alone in Louisiana, but
alike in Ohio aud every other State. Let it
be remembered that the newly-enfranchised
population of that State constituted almost the
entire body of one of the political parties in
that State, and that tho other population, the
whites, constituted almost the entire body of
tho other political party until the canvass which
preceded the election in question. And here
I say—and I say it with a full knowledge of all
the evidence in these two enormous volumes—
that the testimony shows that in all of the par-
ishes of Louisiana—for they call counties par-
ishes there—excluding six or seven, the entire
white Republican party during that canvass
did not exceed half a dozen men to the parish;
and in many parishes there were not white
Republicans enough out of whom to constitute
the parish tickets, and they were thus com-
pelled, many times, to put on colored men in
order to make up their tickets at all. Under
such circumstances it will be readily appre-
ciated that all these white Republicans in such
parishes were leaders, and had no followers
of their own race, but made themselves leaders
only of the colored people, and were generally
more anxious to secure places and plunder
than to maintain personal reputations for honor
and integrity, or to conserve tho best interests
of society or of the .State.
Let it be understood, then, in addition to
these facts, that most of those white men were
either Freedmen's Bureau officers or ex-bureau
officers; strangers, men having no identifica-
tion in interest, in ownership of lands or other
property, in feelings, in associations, in sym-
pathies with the people of Louisiana. They
were sometimes opprobriously called by the
people there "carpet-baggers," sometimes
called " scalawags ;" men who had shaken off
all their former relations, and had consented
to make themselves the leaders of a debased
population, unfit to rule in any civil govern-
ment on earth, unfit to be made tho govern-
ing party anywhere. I am not objecting now
to the fact that they are electors; but I say
they are unfit in every element of their charac-
ters, made unfit also by all their conditions
and history, to be the ruling class of any com-
munity.
Let it further be understood, as fundamental
to the just understanding of this case, that
these people in the State of Louisiana, the
white population, at the election in 18G7 for
the calling of a State constitutional conven-
tion, and at the subsequent spring election to
choose officers to organize a civil government,
under that constitution, made no distinct, well-
defined, well-organized political effort to con-
trol the election. As a general thing they
remained away from the polls. They were yet
acting under that general impulse of disgust
that followed the enfranchisement of the col-
ored men, their control by a set of political
adventurers, and their elevation to the control
of the civil government and the interests of
the country, and all that by the direct aid and
power of the Federal Government, and in
defiance of the wishes and judgments of the
white people of the State.
But as that feeling wore off—and I need not
tell any honest and honorable man here who
is willing to recognize existing and stubborn
facts that it took time to subordinate those
feelings to the new conditions, and to recon-
cile their minds to accept fully and uncondi-
tionally the new political elements—as that
feeling gradually wore off the white popula-
tion in Louisiana began to assume their true re-
lations and to recognize their great duty under
the circumstances; aud in spite of all adverse
relations, in view of the important fact, tho
never-to-be-forgotten fact,, that notwithstanding
any reluctance they might manifest that govern-
ment was theirgovernment, and bad as it might
be made it would still be their government, and
that, therefore, upou every consideration of
public duty, as well as of personal interest, it
became their supreme obligation to enter again
the lists as citizens endeavoring by all lawful
means to control and reorganize and readjust
society and civil government to its new rela-
tions, so as to best promote the interest of all
classes.
When that happened, as it did many months
prior to the November election of 1808, out
of which these contests grow, I am speaking
entirely within what the testimony authorizes
when I say that throughout tho Stateof Louisi-
ana, in every parish and city and town and
precinct of that State, there was effected one
of the most complete and thorough, one of the
most compact and massive, political organiza-
tions that I ever knew of in any State. It laid
aside and forgot the natural prejudices of race
as tar as it is honorable and practical to do so.
It cultivated by all the means customary in
political contests anywhere tho suffrages of
all men, without regard to race or color. It
addressed all kinds of legitimate arguments
and appeals to the colored men to secure their
suffrages, and succeeded toagreat extent.
And it is also just to say that the testimony
shows that that organization, that Democratic
organization, appreciated the changes that sur-
rounded them and anticipated the dangers that
beset, their future; and that they therefore de-
sired, above all things, so to conduct themselves
as a party and so to conduct their political can-
vass as to disarm the very slanders that they
foresaw would be trumped up and brought here
for the purpose of overruling the honestly and
legally expressed judgment of the people of
Louisiana.^ Therefore, by every means that they
had in their power, they strove to avoid col-
lisions, to avoid all disturbances, to maintain
civil order, to the end that when their triumph
had been won the fruits of the victory would
not be snatched from them, as it is attempted
to do here to-day. It is my duty further to say
m reference to this general case that the wit-
nesses called by the respective parties to this
contest in the State of Louisiana numbered
nearly four hundred, and that nearly an equal
number of them belonged t,o each of the re-
spective parties ; and of those produced and
called to testify by the Democratic claimants
