664
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
41st Cong....2dSess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act to repeal tho pream-
ble of an Act in relation to the National
Theological Institute, approved April twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the preamble to an
act entitled "An act declaring the construction
of 'An act to incorporate the National Theo-
logical Institute,' approved May tenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, and also 'An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to incorporate
the National Theological Institute and to define
and extend the powers of-the same,"" ap-
proved April twenty-second, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, be, and the same is hereby,-
repealed.
Appkoved, June 1, 1870.
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act to authorize the re-
duction of the width of an Alley in Square
number three hundred and seventy-six, in
the City of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the mayor, board of
aldermen, and board of common council of the
city of Washington be, and they hereby are,
authorized to reduce the width of the public
alley entering square number three huudred
atfd seventy-six, from Ninth street west, from
it3 present width of twelve feet, to the width of
seven feet, and that the portion which will be
restored to individual property by such reduc-
tion be added to the lot number twenty-two,
from which the entire alley was originally
taken.
Approved, June 1, 1870.
Chap. CXXIII.—An Act to supply aDeficiency
in the Appropriation for Compensation and
Mileage of Members of the House of Rep-
resentatives and Delegates from Territories,
for the fiscal year ending June thirty, in the
year eighteen hundred and seventy, and for
other purposes.
jBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of five hun-
dred thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated for the compensation and mileage
of members of the House of Representatives
and Delegates from Territories, to supply defi-
ciency of appropriations for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred aud
seventy.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of one million four hundred thousand dol-
lars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
to supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred aud seventy; and that the
sum of twenty thousand dollars be appropriated
for the payment of fees to special counsel in
such cases wherein the United States are par-
ties in interest, as tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury may deem it necessary and proper to
employ the same, to be disbursed under his
direction.
Approved, June 6, 1870.
Ciiap. CXXIV,—An Act to fix the Salary of
the Bailiff of the Court of Clai ids.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act the annual salary of the
bailiff of the Court of Claims shall be at the
rate of fifteen hundred dollars per annum, to
be paid as now provided by law.
Approved, June 7,1870.
Chap. CXXV.—An Act to establish Post
Roads in the State of Alabama, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress be, and the same is hereby, given to the
erection of a drawbridge over the Alabama
river, near the city of Selena, by the Western
Railroad Company of the State of Alabama,
in accordance with an act of the Legislature
of said State incorporating said company.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted,^ That the
consent of Congress be, and the same is hereby,
given to the erection of a drawbridge over the
said river, above the city of Montgomery, by
the South and North Alabama Railroad Com-
pany, in Accordance with the act of the Legis-
lature incorporating said company: Provided,
That said drawbridges shall be respectively
constructed so as to cross the streams at right
angles with the current, and the approaches to
such draws shall be protected bypiers.or other
means that boats may enter the draws with
safety in such manner otherwise as not mate-
rially or substantially to obstruct the free nav-
igation of said river.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress reserves the right to withdraw the assent
hereby given, as to either or both of said compa-
nies, in case the free navigation of the said river
shall be at any time materially or substantially
obstructed by either or both of said bridges.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That said
bridges, when completed in the manner speci-
fied in said acts of incorporation, shall be
deemed and taken to be legal structures, and
shall, with the railroads of which they are parts,
be post roads for the transmission of the mails
of the United States.
Approved, June 8,1870.
Ciiap. CXXVL—An Act in l'elation to the Hot
Springs Reservation ill Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any person claiming
title, either legal or equitable, to the whole or
any part of the four sections of land constitut-
ing what is known as the Hot Springs reserva-
tion ill Hot Springs county, in the State of
Arkansas, may institute against the United
States in the Court of Claims, and prosecute
to final decision, any suit that may be neces-
sary to settle the same: Provided, That no
such suits shall be brought at any time after
the expiration of ninety days from the passage
of this act, and all claims to any part of said
reservation upon which suit shall not be brought
under the provisions of this act within that time
shall be forever barred.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
such suits shall be by petition in the nature of
a bill in equity, and shall be conducted and
determined in all respects, except as herein
otherwise provided, according to the rules and
principles of equity practice and jurisprudence
in the other courts of the United States; and
for the purposes of this act the Court of Claims
is hereby invested with the jurisdiction and
powers exercised by courts of equity so far as
may be necessary to give full relief in any suit
which may be instituted under the provisions
of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no-
tice of every suit authorized by this act shall
be executed by the delivery of a true copy
thereof with a copy of the petition to the At-
torney General, whose duty it shall be, for and
in behalf of the United States, to demur to or
answer the petition therein, within thirty days
after the service of such process upon him,
unless tho court shall for good cause shown
grant further time for filing the same.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if
two or more parties claiming the same lands
under different rights shall institute separate
suits under the provisions of this act, such
suits shall be consolidated and tried together,
and the court shall determine the question of
title and grant all proper relief as between the
respective claimants as well as between each
of them and the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if,
upon the final hearing of any cause provided
for in this act, the court .shall decide in favor
of the United States, it shall order su ch lands
into the possession of a receiver to be appointed
by the court, who shall take charge of and
rent out the same for the United States, until
Congress shall by law direct how the same
shall be disposed of, which said receiver shall
execute a sufficient bond to be approved by the
court, conditioned for the faithful performance
of his duties as such, render a strict account
of the manner in which he shall have dis-
charged said duties, and of all moneys received
by him as a receiver as aforesaid, which shall
be by said court approved or rejected accord-
ingly as it may be found correct or not, and
pay such moneys into the Treasury of the
United States,- and he shall receive such rea-
sonable compensation for his services as said
court may allow, and in case of a failure of
said receiver to discharge any duty devolving
upon him as such, the court shall have power
to enforce the performance of the same by
rule and attachment. But if the court shall
decide in favor of any claimant, both as against
the United States and other claimants, it shall
so decree, and proceed by proper process to
put such successful claimant in possession of
such portion thereof as he may be thus found
to be entitled to, and upon the filing of a cer-
tified copy of such decree with the Secretary
of the Interior, he shall cause a patent to he
issued to the party in whose favor such decree
shall be rendered for the lands therein ad-
judged to him : Provided, That either party
may within ninety days after the rendition of
any final judgment or decree in any suit au-
thorized by this act, carry such suit by appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States,
which court is hereby vested with full juris-
diction to hear and determine the same on such
appeal, in the same manner and with the same
effect as in cases of appeal in equity causes
from the circuit courts of the United States:
And provided further, That in case the judg-
ment or decree of the Court of Claims in any
sueh suit shall be adverse to the United States,
the Attorney General shall prosecute such
appeal within the time above prescribed ; and
the talcing of an appeal from any such judg-
ment or decree shall operate as a supersedeas
therpof until the final hearing and judgment
of the Supreme Court thereon.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of ihe Semite.
Received by the President, May SI, 1870.
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. CXXVII.—An Act to establish the Col-
lection District of Willamette, in the State
of Oregon.
Beit enac.tedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that portion of
