3566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
or closely-contested district, you put it in the
power of one man, the President of the United
States, who may be directly interested in the
result, who may be a candidate at that very
election, to surround the polls with the troops
of the United States, to do what? To see that
this act be not violated : to see that this act
be enforced. Nay, more, you put it in his
power to delegate to some person, not an offi-
cer at all either of the State or of the United
States, and in a district where there is no
domestic violence, no insurrection, no rebel-
lion, but perfect peace; you put it in the
power of the President to give to some single
individual the delegated power of employing
the wholo Army of the United States to see
that this act be not violated; to see that there
is no cheating at elections. Why, sir, what a
power is that 1
I csked the gentleman who has this bill in
charge, the day before yesterday, what the
troops were to do when they surrounded the
poll. I will take a case. Here is an election
poll, and here are a hundred troops of the
United States under the command of a captain
or lieutenant of infantry. He is sent there to
do what? In the language of this bill, "to
prevent the violation and enforce the due ex-
ecution of this act." What then is to be pre-
vented? The violation of the act. What is
to be the violation of the act? The improper
rejection of the vote of some colored man, or
other citizen of the United States. That is
the violation that is to be prevented. What
is the enforcement of the act? To compel the
reception of that man's vote. To preveut the
violation of the act is to prevent the rejection
of the vote. To enforce the act is to enforce
the reception of his vote. When the judges
of election, the sworn officers of election, de-
cide that a man is not entitled to vote, then,
and not until then, can this military officer be
called into requisition. And what then? Is
his judgment to override that of the judges of
election?
Is he to adjudge that they have wrongly
decided ? Is he to decide that they have vio-
lated the act? Is this military man to decide
this question of law under the constitution of
Ohio, or the constitution of New York, or the
constitution and statutes of Kentucky, and to
hold that the judges of election—raeu versed
in the election law—have decided the question
wrongly, and therefore it is necessary for him
to interfere, and do what? Interfere and com-
pel them at the point of the bayonet to receive
the vote that they, under their oaths as sworn
officers have rejected. If it is not that, it is
nothing. If it is not that, it is simply intimida-
tion. If it is not that, it is simply holding the
bayonet to the throat of the civil officer, and
holding it- there by command of the President
of the United States. Show me something
that these troops are to do; show me how they
are to prevent the violation of this act; show
me how they are to enforce this act, unless
you give the military man the right to over-
ride the judgment of the civil officer; to over-
ride the solemn judgment of the sworn judge
of election deciding as to the law of his own
State and the constitution of his own State
and the right of voters thereunder.
I know it may be said that the soldiers are
there for the purpose of preventing violence.
That is not what this act says. It may be said
that they are there for the purpose of prevent-
ing the intimidation of voters, and the like.
That is not what the act says. The section is
as broad as the whole act. It provides for
troops being at the polls to prevent any viola-
tion whatsoever of this act, and to enforce
every one of its provisions.
Sir, I say once more, if this can be done in
a free country, let us hear no more talk about
the one-man power; let us hear no more talk
about the power of the President of the United
States; make a monarch of him at once. Louis
Napoleon has been charged with controlling the
elections in France. Louis Napoleon never
surrounded every polling place in France with
the troops of the empire, or the troops of the
republic before it was an empire. Never did
he dare to do that. Not a soldier appeared at
the voting places in Paris even, where there
was the strongest opposition that existed to the
emperor at the late election there; but the
votes of the soldiers were taken in their own
barracks, their own camps. Throughout all
France the people were allowed to vote with-
out any bayonets in sight, without any soldiers
to make them afraid, without anything to intim-
idate the voters in the shape of military
coercion. And yet here in a Republic you
propose to confer upon one man, who may be
a candidate for election himself, the power to
surround any poll he pleases in the whole
United States with his troops to see that the
election law is not violated! I say again, if
that can be done, it is idle to talk about free
institutions any more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Ohio,
speaking for that great mass of our country-
men whom he so well represents, and being,
as they are, so much in favor of enforcing the
fifteenth amendment, reminds me of one of
Shakspeare's characters, Falstaff by name,
who insisted upon it that he would not give a
reason for anything, I believe it was, upon
compulsion. My iriend from Ohio is very
much interested in favor of carrying out this
constitutional amendment; but he does not
want to have any law that will compel him to
do so. He wants to do it of his own free will
and accord.
If my friend had made the speech that he
has now favored us with, (and it is a very in-
genious one, and in many respects a sound
one,) twenty years ago when his own party
was pressing almost exactly such a srction as
the eighth section of this bill, in order to aid
in the rendition of fugitive slaves back to
slavery, he would have performed a greater
service to his country than he performs now.
I ask the Secretary, iu order that the Senate
may see the comparison between these two
sections, to read the fifth section of the act of
1850, passed by the party of which my friend
from Ohio is the exponent; and I ask Sen-
ators to take the eighth section of this bill and
compare it as the Secretary reads to see if we
have not pretty good authority for that kind
of legislation.
The Secretary read as follows from the act
of September 18, 1850:
"That it shall be the duty of all marshals and dep-
uty marshals to obey and execute all warrants and
precepts issued under theprovisions of this act when
to them directed; and should any marshal or deputy
marshal refuse to receive such warrant or other pro-
cess when tendered, or to use all proper means dili-
gently to execute the same, he shall, on conviotion
thereof, be lined in the sum of $1,000 to the use of
such claimant, on the motion of such claimant, by
the circuit or district court for the district of such
marshal; and after arrest of such fugitive by such
marshal or his deputy, or while at any time in his
custody under the provisions of this act, should such
fugitive escape, whether with or without the assent
of such marshal or his deputy, such marshal shall
be liable, on his official bond, to be prosecuted for
the benefit of such claimant for the full value of the
service or labor of said fugitive in the State. Terri-
tory, or district whence he escaped; and the better to
enable the said commissioners when thus appointed
to execute their duties faithfully and efficiently, in
conformity with the requirements of the Constitu-
tion of the United States and of this act, they are
hereby authorized and empowered, within their co un-
ties respectively, to appoint, in writing under their
bands, any one or more suitable persons from time
to time, to exeoute all such warrants and other pro-
cess as may be issued by them in the lawful perform-
ance of feheir respective duties; with authority to
such commissioners, or the persons to be appointed
by them, to execute process as aforesaid, to summon
and call to their aid the bystanders, or po se comitatui
of the proper county, when necessary to insure a
faithful observance of the clause of the Constitution
referred to, in conformity with the provisions of this
act; and all good citizens are hereby eommanded to
aid and assist in the prompt and efficient execution
of this law, whenever their services may be required
as aforesaid for that purpose; and said warrants
shall run and be executed by said officers anywhere
in the State within which they are issued."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, the
only possible difference in substance and al-
most in phraseology between the fifth section
of the act of 1850 and this eighth section is
that the eighth section contains a statement
that "such portion of the land or naval forces
of the United States, or of the militia, as may
be necessary," may also be called upon. Upon
that point we have the settled determination
of a Democratic administration and a Demo-
cratic Attorney General, and a correct inter-
pretation, too, under the act of 1850, on this
very point. The statute of 1850 provided that
all the bystanders or posse comilalus of the
proper county may be called upon, and the
Attorney General held :
"A marshal, when opposed in the execution of his
duty by unlawful combinations, has authority to
summon the entire able-bodied force of his prccinct
as o. possecomitcitu*. This authority comprehends not
only bystanders and other citizens generally, but any
and all organized forces, whether lailitiaof theStato
or officers, sojdiers, or marines of the United States;
and if the object of resistance to the marshal be to
obstruct and defeat the execution of the provisions
of the Constitution or the acts of Congress, the ex-
penses of such posse comitatus are properly charge-
able to the United States."
Therefore we have a very excellent model
of legislation to carry into force one of the
provisions of the Constitution of the United
States ; and when one of those provisions was
in favor of slavery, in favor of carrying back
an escaping fugitive to servitude and to the
lash, it was very convenient for a party that
then controlled the country to pass acts of
Congress to carry out such an odious provision
of the Constitution, and to authorize commis-
sioners to call upon the whole body of the
country, soldiers and sailors, marines, Army,
and everything, to help carry the poor hunted
fugitive back. Now, times have changed after
twenty years; and with the fugitive liberated
aud made afree and independent man of, when
we apply the same machinery to protect him
in the rights that the Constitution gives him,
my friend from Ohio changes with the tune of
his party, and sings that this is outrage and
oppression!
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, times have
changed when the Senator from Vermont goes
to the fugitive slave law of 1850 to find a model
for legislation, and times have changed won-
derfully. Now, Mr. President, if I had the
slightest doubt in the world that I was right I
could entertain that doubt no longer. When
so astute and able a man as the Senator from
Vermont can give no better reason for the de-
fense of this section than that which he has
given, I know my objections to it must be well
taken. What possible connection, or parallel,
or similitude has the use of the troops of the
United States to enforce the execution of the
writ ofa court against resistance to the case pro-
vided for in this bill, of surrounding the ballot-
boxes with the troops of the United States to
compel the judges of election to receive the
votes or to compel them to reject them?
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon me.
I was only alluding to what he said respecting
the eighth section, which he condemned. I
made no allusion at all to the twelfth section,
which I will consider when we reach it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know that I
have said one word about the eighth section
to-day. I do not think I have said one word
about the eighth section to-day; and therefore
I am again strengthened by the fact that instead
of coming up to the defense of his eleventh and
twelfth sections, my friend runs back to the
eighth section, about which I think I have said
not one word to day. That is not quite as
brave as my friend from Vermont usually is.
Let him stand up to his work, if he undertakes
to father this bill and defend the proposition.
Let him go to Vermont and tell the people of
Vermont that when a Democratic President
shall come into the chair, if such a God's bless-
ing should befall this country onee more, as I
trust it may 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That " God's blessing"
will be a blessing in disguise, if at all.
Mr. THURMAN. That may be;_ but a
great many good things come in disguise and
