1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Who can debate it? The proposition is too
simple for debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
already had the indications that it will be de-
bated.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let it be met now. I
do not think we ought to delay on a question
of this kiud.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 26 ; as follows: |
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Chandler, Corbett, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Howell,
Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt. Bevels,
Schurz, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Warner,
and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard.Borcman, Casserly. Cole.
Conkling, Davis, Drake, Ferry, Hamilton, Harlan,
Howe, Johnston,Kellogg, McCreery. Morrill of V er-
mont, Norton, Ross, Saulsbury. Scott, Sherman,
Spencer, Sprague, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers,
and Willey—26. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Car-
penter, Cattell, Cragio, Edmunds, Fenton, lowler.
Gilbert. Lewis, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Patterson,
Pool, Ramsey. Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Stockton,
Williams, and Yates—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PROTECTION TO ALL PRKSONS.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 365, to secure to all persons the equal
protection of the laws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to my
that if this bill is not taken up I shall move to
take up the bill to change the judicial circuits,
which we had up yesterday.
Mr. STEWART. I hope this bill will be
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes thir-
teen, noes not counted.
judicial ciitcims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the bill (S. No.
387) tq change the judicial circuits.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion. I am opposed to taking
up the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
eight Senators rising to support the call.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 27, noes 24.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 387)
to change the judicial circuits, the pending !
question being on the amendment of Mr. Wil-
let to the amendment proposed by the Com- ']
mittee on the Judiciary as the second section
of the bill, which was to 6trike out in the sec-
ond line the words " be resident of" and insert
in lieu thereof " reside in," and to strike out
all after the word " circuits" in the third line
to the word "circuit" ih the fifth line; so that
the additional section proposed by the com-
mittee will read:
And be it further enacted. That the justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States shall resido in
their respective circuits: Provided, That the Chief
Justice may preside in nay circuit to which he may
he allotted without a change of residence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the expiration of the
morning hour yesterday I was calling attention
to the second section of this bill, proposed by
l he committeeas an amendment, which requires
that in the appointment of justices of the Su-
preme Court to fill vacancies now or hereafter
occurring the President shall appoint them from
residents of the circuit in which no justice of
the Supreme Court at the time resides. Some :
objection had been tak«n to that section by the
Senator from Kentucky, and the Senator from
West Virginia moved lo amend it, striking
out this provision ; and the objection made is
that it is unconstitutional to confine the Pres-
ident to a particular district of country in the
selection of a justice of the Supreme Court of I
the United States. I desire briefly to state
why I suppose it not to be unconstitutional. ^
Ttie Constitution vests the judicial power in
one Supreme Court and such inferior courts
as Congress may establish ; but it leaves the
organization of the Supreme Court and the
establishment of inferior courts entirely to
Congress. In the exercise of this power Con-
gress has provided for the organization of a
Supreme Court, the number of its judges, and
has assigned to these judges certain duties. 1t
has also provided for the organization of cir
euit courts and for the organization of district
courts. The President of the United States
nominates the judges of all these courts. He
nominates judges of the circuit court, judges
of the district eourt; and I apprehend it would
not bo competent, as has been suggested by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] for
Congress to vest the appointment of circuit
judge3 in the head of o. Department Or in the
courts of law.
Under the Constitution the power to appoint
is given to the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, in the case
of " embassadors, other public ministers and
consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all
other officers of the United States whose ap-
pointments are not herein otherwise provided
for, and which shall be established by law."
The moment that any other office is established
by law the appointment of the officer to fill it
is just as much vested in the President of the
UnitedStates as the appointmentof theofficers
designated by the Constitution itself. Rut here
conies an exception:
"But the Congress may by law vest tbo appoint-
ment of such inferior officers as they think proper
in tbe Presidentalone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments."
Now, without undertaking to define exactly
what is meant by "inferior officers" iu this
clause of the Constitution, I think it very clear
that it does not embrace judges of the circuit
courts oc. judges of the district courts, but it
is only intended to apply to a class of officers
of far less importance and significance, of an
inferior character.
Now, in the organization of our district
courts and in the organization of our circuit
courts the President is required to appoint as
the judge of a circuit court a resident of the
circuit. That is the statute. The President in
appointing postmasters is required to appoint
persons who are residents of the locality, res-
idents of the place where the post office is
established. In the appointment of assessors
and collectors of internal revenue the statute
declares—
"That the President shall nominate, aod by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate appoint,
an assessor and a collector in each district, who shall
bo resident within the same."
Congress from the beginning of the Govern-
ment has exercised this power of limiting the
locality from which an officer may be taken.
This is merely a regulation by law. It does
not encroach upon the power of the President.
His power is to appoint the officer. Congress
establishes the office and determines when the
officer shall be appointed, from what class of
persons he shall be taken, and the President
selects him. The President of the United
States cannot appoint a justice of the Supreme
Court at all without the authority of Congress ;
and in the regulation of the Supreme Court it
may just as well divide the United States into
judicial circuits, and require one of the justices
of the Supreme Court to come from each of
those judicial circuits, as it may divide the
United States into assessors' districts and col-
lection districts, or as it may divide the United
States into fifty differeut districts for judicial
purposes, and iuto nine judicial circuits for
circuit court purposes, and then require the
President to appoint a judge in each of those
judicial circuits. This does not impinge upon
the power of the President to appoint a judge.
He could not appoint him at all but for the act
of Congress. He could not appoint a justice
of the Supreme Court but for the act of Con-
gress; and the President is required to see that
the laws are faithfully executed.
Some persons have sought to derive a sub-
stantive power from that phrase in the Con-
stitution, and suppose that the President of
the United States has power, without an net
of Congress directing him how to exercise it,
to go through the country to see that the laws
are faithfully executed. He can do no such
thing. He can exercise no authority what-
ever under that clause of the Constitution
except in the mode prescribed by law, and if
the law has prescribed no mode he can exer-
cise no authority under that general grant ot
power. He is limited in the exercise ot the
power to see the laws faithfully executed, to
do it exactly in the mode the law tells him to
do it; and when the law says he shall appoint
a justice of the Supreme Court from a terri-
tory comprising half a dozen States, and an-
other from another portion of the country, he
must make that appointment in accordance
with the law.
But Senators ask, if you can limit him in the
appointment of a judge to a district embracing
a half dozen States, why not limit him to a
single State or county, or a single town, and
eventually to the appointment of a single person?
But, sir, that would be giving an unreasonable
construction to the Constitution. It would be
an absurdity. Because we cannot control the
exercise of this appointing power by telling
how it shall be exercised so as to compel the
President to appoint a particular man, can we
not control it at all? Can we not limit the term
of office? Because the President of the United
States appoints a man to office under an act of
Congress, can we not say how long he shall be
appointed for, except in the single instance of
judges, and require reappointments to be made
at certain intervals? Why not say that that is
interfering with the constitutional power of the
President, in whom is vested by the Constitu-
tion the power of appointing officers? That
limits it. He cannot appoint a postmaster but
for four years, or a district attorney or a mar-
shal. NoWj why not say that this power is
absolute and unlimited and that he controls it
entirely; and all you have to do is to create
the office and the President will appoint whom
he pleases to it, to hold the office as long as he
chooses, and not appoint another until he shall
think proper ? That is not the meaning of the
Constitution. It vests simply in him the power
to designate the persons in the manner pre-
scribed by law. That is all there is of it. It is
a power exercised from the foundation of the
Government.
As to the propriety of the exercise of this
power,it is conceded, I believe, by every Sen-
ator, unless I may except the Senator from
West Virginia, who yesterday suggested, rather
than argued, that possibly the President might
not be able to find the best man within the
limits of the particular circuit where the va-
cancy existed.
Mr. WILLEY. With the leave of the Sen-
ator, I propose to ask him a question just there.
I ask the Senator from Illinois whether ajudge
of the Supreme bench of the United States is
not as much my representative in West Vir-
ginia on that bench as he is his representati ve
in Illinois, or as he would be the representative
of any other individual in the United States,
and whether I have not just as much right to
wish and to desire that the President shall have
the opportunity of appointing the very best
man that can possibly be selected within the
length and breadth of the United States for the
Supreme bench of the United States as any
individual in any given circuit may have ? The
matter is somewhat different in regard to the
circuit judges ; but when you appoint a judge
to the Supreme bench of the United States he
stands there as the representative of the whole
United States, and of no circuit in particular.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as the exercise of
duties upon the Supreme bench is concerned,
