4510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10-
above fraud and plunder in every form, it is
that class of men who have been educated for
service in the Army and Navy; and I know
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] concurs with me in that opinion.* I
am willing, for one, to trust them in the future.
I say again, there are no avenues to this fund;
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] has so admitted.
No Secretary of the Navy has the power to
grant a pension to a single person ; no favor-
itism can obtain. Each applicant must go
before an officer appointed by the Govern-
ment, the Commissioner of Pensions, always a
civilian ; he must make out his case before
hira and establish his claim to be placed on the
pension-rolls, and when that is done, completely
shutting out all opportunity for fraud, then this
disabled sailor should feel assured tljat the
Government has kept a fund where he can
get his pension, on going to it by a legitimate
pathway.
The question to-day is not, as has been ar-
gued here, how this shall be paid; for that has
been settled in years past. Neither can it be
claimed that anything is to be taken from the
Treasury at the present time. All that is asked
here, all that I plead for, is that a proper sensi-
tiveness may be manifested by this House not
to go back upon the plighted faith of the Gov-
ernment to a deserving class of its citizens.
And the argument or appeal made here, that
this fund is a sort of side pocket and open to
plunder, has 110 force with mo; because all
scrutiny fails to show, from the beginning to
the end, that a single dollar of this fund has
been taken illegitimately under the administra-
tion of any Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This naval fund has never
yet been invested as the Indian fund was. I
have already twice stated that there is a law
upon the statute-book requiring that this fund
should be invested in bonds, to be placed under
the control of the Secretaries of War, Navy,
and Treasury ; to be entirely outside of the
Treasury, as the Indian fund was.
Mr. HALE. And if that has not yet been
done it has been the fault of the officers whose
duty it was to administerthelawcontemplatmg
such an investment of the fund.
Mr. SCOFIELD. But that is a reason why
the fund could not be wasted, for it is still in
the Treasury.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman does not claim
that it ever has been wasted ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No.
Mr. HALE. And it never will be.
Mr. SCOFIELD. But it may be, if it shall
ever be invested as the Indian fund was.
Mr. KELSEY. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Scuexck. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very much afraid
that we are likely to go off on side issues in
this matter. There is, perhaps, a great deal
of strength in the plea set up by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] ifitwere
only applicable to this question. But it seems
to me that all this ad captandum talk about
side pockets and chances for their being plun-
dered is very far from being the issue now
before us, Nobody pretends that this fund
has ever been robbed ; nobody can so assert
with any appearance of truth.
As the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
has very well said, the question now before
the House is not one which involves the same
reasoning that would be applicable to the case
if we were now called upon to establish a naval
pension fund for the first time. It is whether
a pension fund has not already been estab-
lished under the plighted faith of the Govern-
ment, and whether we can now abandon or go
back npon that plighted faith.
How came this pension fund into existence?
Prizes made in war by our armed vessels are
sold under condemnation. _ The money goes
into the Treasury, and a division then takes
place. One half of that prize-money is dis-
tributed, in certain proportions defined by law,
to the officers and men of the vessels making
the captures. The other half is turned over to
the United States. What has the United States
dope with reference to this matter? It has
pledged itself by law that as a trustee it will
hold the latter half of the prize-money to be
appropriated in a particular way. As gentle-
men seem to have forgotten the law under
which the United States makes the pledge that
it will thus act as trustee for the officers and
men of the Navy of the United States, let me
read the provision of the act of April 23,1800:
"AH tnuney accruing, or which has already accrued
to the United States from the sale of prizes"—
That is, the one half assigned as the share
of the Government—
"shall ho and remain forever a fund for the pay-
ment of pensions and half pay, should the same bo
hereafter granted to officers and seamon who may bo
entitled to receive tho sarno; and if the said fund
shall bo insufficient for the purpose, the public faith
is hereby pledged to make up the deficiency; but if
it should be more than sufficient"—
Mark this language:
" the surplus shall be applied to tho making of fur-
ther provision I'or tho comfort, of tho disabled offi-
cers, seamen, and marines, and for such as, though
not disabled, may merit by their bravery or long
and faithful services tho gratitude of the nation."
Now, sir, it is very plausible to advance an
argument in favor of taking hold of this trust
fund, abolishing it, denying the trust, and
placing the money in the Treasury, and then
turning round and saying to these officers and
seamen, "Depend hereafter on the Govern-
ment for whatever it shall think proper to vote
you or give you under law in the shape of pen-
sions."
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman think
the Government of the United States would be
a poor dependence?
Mr. SCHENCK. That depends very much
upon the particular Administration; it depends
very much upon Congress; it depends very
much upon party feeling at the time; it de-
pends upon a thousand questions which affect
a body like this, which sometimes acts in a most
deliberate manner and sometimes with about
as much discretion as a mob.
A Member. Ilowaboutthemilitarypensions?
Mr. SCHENCK. The military pensionsstand
on a different footing. Gentlemen are trying
now to lead us away from the question. The
question is not whether this law ought to have
been passed, but whether the law is not now
upon the statute-book as the evidence of the
plighted faith of the Government. Gentlemen
say, "Turn this fund over to the Treasury; let
the seamen depend upon the Government or
upon Congress; put the naval pensioners upon
the same footing as the pensioners of the Army;
disregard the law which has been passed ; dis-
regard the practice of the Government under
the law, and the good faith of the Government
as exercised now for seventy years.'' Suppose
we admit the full force of the argument that
this fund is designed for the payment of pen-
sions and half pay, and that those thus entitled
are just as secure in their dependence upon the
Treasuryand the Government generally as they
would be under this trust fund. Still, what
answer are you to give in relation to the last
clause of the provision which I have read? It
provides that if there be a surplus of this
fund, a fund won by the arms and bravery of
your seamen, if there be a surplus beyond the
amount required to pay pensions and give half
paj', it shall be disposed of—how? The law
declares, as it has declared for seventy years,
that if the fund should be more than sufficient
for that purpose—
"The surplus shall bo applied to the making of
further provision for the comfort of the disabled
officers, seamen, and marines, and for such as, though
not disabled, may merit by their bravery or long and
faithful services the gratitude of their country."
Upon that law these seamen stand ; and they
say, "This not only secures to us, out of a trust
fund which we by oor valor have won, our half-
pay and our pensions, but it gives us this fur-
ther assurance: that if the fund be more than
sufficient for those objects the surplus shall at
all times be held in trust to secure to us further
benefits, to reward us further for our merit or
our bravery, to increase our pensions, to pro-
vide more liberal remuneration for the suffer-
ing and the loss which we endure in your ser-
vice ; and we desire that this trust fund shall
be kept sacred for that purpose."
You propose to put itall back into the Treas-
ury, to pay them their half pay and pay them
their pensions out of the Treasury, and to
abolish the solemn obligation you have entered
into that whatever surplus accumulated of this
trust fund shall be held for further benefits to
them hereafter as they may deserve. It belongs
to them. It is theirs. They are in law the
cestup que trust. You have entered into a
solemn obligation thaty ou will regard that trust,
and you have not only provided they shall be
paid by law one half and pensions, but you
have said all surplus shall be held and accumu-
lated and distributed from time to time to them,
as they may hereafter further deserve.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the disagreement of the House to the
Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. The question will first
recur on the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to move concur-
rence in the amendment of the Senate, or that
the House recede from its disagreement.
r^he SPEAKER. That will come up after-
ward.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Senate insist on their
amendment, and ask for a further conference.
Mr. KELSBY. I move that the House insist
on its non-concurrence in the amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the conference asked
for.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
recede from its disagreement, and that the
amendment of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. KELSEY. I wish to call the attention
of the House to one fact, and that is that there
will bo no appropriation at all for naval pen-
sions if we agree to the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio. The Senate have struck out
the appropriation for naval pensions.
Mr. ARCHER. It requires no appropria-
tion to pay naval pensions.
Mr. KELSEY. There is where the trouble is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to call the attention of the gentleman to the
exact position of this question. We have made
no amendment. We have reported a bill, and
in that bill there is a provision which the Sen-
ate seek to strike out:
Mr. SCHENCK. My proposition is to con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken on the motion to concur.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
49, uoes 60.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 80, not voting
71; as follows:
mson, Dox, Ddndgc, Ferry, Jt'ox, (jarlield, (ietz,
(iibson, Griswold. Uaight, Hale, Ilambleton, Hamili,
Harris, Hays, Hefiin, Ingersoll, Johnson. Thomas
L. Jones, Knott, Lash, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham,
Maynard, McCormick, JIcGrow, McICee, McNecly,
Mllnes, Jesse II. Moore, Morrissey, 3Iungcn, O'Neill,
Potter, Prosser, Keeves, Sehcnck, Schumaker, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon, Sherrod. Shober, John A. Smith,
Starkweather, Stiles, Stradei, Swann, Sweeney,
irimbie, Tyner, Wells, Eugene Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Woodward—70,
NAYS—^Messrs.Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Asper, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Bearnan. Bcatty, Een-
laiuin, Benton, George M, Brooks, Builinton, Burch-
a.rd, Burdett, Benjamin 1'. Butler, Oake, Cessna,
Sidney Clarke, Cook, Covode, C'owles, Cullom,
Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Doekery, Donley, Duval.
El a, l'erriss, Finkelnburg. Fisher. l'Vch, Hamil-
ton, Hawkins, Hay, Ilill, lloiman, Hotclikiss, JmW,
