1870.
THE CONUKKSSIONAL GLOBE.
3567
when we least know it. Let them know that
a Democratic President can surround the bal-
lot-boxes in Burlington, Vermont, and with
bis troops can overrule the decision of the
judges of election; and when they have re-
jected a vote, under their solemn oaths, on
grounds satisfactory to their consciences and
convincing to them that the man is not entitled
to vote, a lieutenant of dragoons can march
there with his soldiers and compel them to
take that vote. Say that to the free people
of Vermont, and if they are descendants of
Ethan Allen and his like they will give an
answer that will uot be relished by those who
urge such a proposition.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, on the
Wth of April the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary a bill introduced by the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmonds] to enforce the fif-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. Ihat bill was called up when
this subject was opened. A motion was then
made to substitute another bill for it by way
of amendment, which bill also, I think, came
from the Judiciary Committee; and that was
done. We have been discussing these bills for
gome days. Yesterday afternoon it was sug-
gested that the House of Representatives had
passed a bill for this same purpose; and the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] at once
suggested that he preferred that bill, although
he had never seen it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to explain wbat
I said, because my remark was misunderstood
by other Senators here. I simply said that as
a matter of economy of time it would be better (
to take up the House bill and make the amend- .
ments proper to it. It was a mere parliament-
ary proposition. I said myself that I had not
read the bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that he preferred the House bill
although he had not seen it; and he reminded
me by that remark of a little anecdote that I
recollect having heard of the celebrated his-
torical painter, Horace Vernet. A gentleman
who was a painter came to him with two
pictures, and told him he would make him a
present of one of his best works. One pic-
ture he held up to him, and the other he held
behind his back. The great Vernet said, 4* I
prefer the one behind your back." It seemed
to me that after having discussed for a day or
two both of the bills which had come from the
Judiciary Committee, and which had been, as
one of the members of the committee said
yesterday, so carefully prepared and the sub-
jectof which had been so studiously examined,
the Senate appeared to prefer the bill that they
had not yet seen.
Mr. President, this is a very strange pro-
ceeding. It is very strange that the Judiciary
Committee, composed of the ablest lawyers
of the Senate, should find it snch a herculean
task to prepare a bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment. Why, sir, what is the fifteenth
amendment, and I speak now as if it was a
part of the Constitution ? Senators and the
country know my views on the subject; but,
as a practical man, I speak now as if that fif-
teenth amendment was a part of the Consti- j
tution of the United States. That fifteenth i
amendment undertook to do but one thing. I
It provided— j
" That the right of citizens of the United States to i
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United .
States or any State on account of race, color, or
Previous condition of servitude."
The second section gave Congress the power
to do what? "To enforce" this amendment;
wo other power but to pass laws enforcing it;
to pass laws enforcing it when those laws should
become necessary; to pass laws to say that
this is a part of the Constitution of the land.
Is it necessary to pass laws to enforce each
and every clause of the Constitution before it
is violated ? If the amendment is a part of the
Constitution of the United States it is now the
E retailing law of the land, and is, as it has
een, and will be obeyed in every town and
hamlet throughout this country, as it should
be. I have seen its practical operation in my
own town, and have seen sixty of my colored
fellow-citizens vote in my own ward, and I
have heard of no resistance to it from any part
of this country.
Why, then, is this a herculean task, as the
gentlemen ot the committee inform us? Is it
because you are undertaking to do what is
unnecessary ? I presume not. Why is it so
hard to trarae a bill to enforce the fifteenth
amendment? Why is it a matter of so much
nicety that we fly from bill to bill and from
pillar to post? What is it that you are under-
taking to do ? It may be that you are under-
taking to do something more then enforce the
fifteenth amendment. It may be that that is
the object; it may be that there is a trap in
the bill. It may be that gentlemen have laid
a snare that should lead us to look carefully
through the bill.
First, let me say that there is one thing
which the House bill does plainly, and that is
it violates the fifteenth amendmeut. Whether
it enforces it or not gentlemen may judge ; but
the very first act that the House passes, under
pretense of enforcing the fifteenth amendment,
is to violate it. The fifteenth amendment does
not provide only for the protection of colored
people. The fifteenth amendment forbidsyou to
protect the colored man and exclude the white
man. The bill as it comes from the House
makes a distinction against the white man on
account of his race aud color. Am I wrong,
Mr. President? Here is the bill, as it passed
the House. I will read the second section:
That all colored citizens of the United States,
resident in the several States of the United States,
shall be entitled to vote at all electionsin the State
county, parish, town, township, ward, nr hundred of
their residence, subject only to the same conditions
which now are or may hereafter be required to qualify
white citizens to vote therein. And any person who
shall by force, fraud, intimidation, or other unlaw-
ful means whatever, prevent any colored citizen from
voting at any such election, who possesses the quali-
fications, except in respect of color, requisite to en-
able a white citizen to vote thereat, shall, upon con-
viction thereof, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall be imprisoned not less than six months and
not exceeding one year, or be fined not less than $100
nor more than $1,000, or be punished by both such
fine and imprigonmen t, in the discretion of the court.
You imprison a man not less than six months
and not more than one year if he intimidates
or interferes in any way with a negro's voting;
but a negro may stand at the polls and intim-
idate me, and drive me away from the polls,
and the laws of the United States do not touch
bim. I ask if that is not a violation of the
fifteenth amendment? This is admitted; the
Judiciary Committee have admitted it; for the
second bill, which we call here now the Senate
bill, uses the language of the fifteenth amend-
ment, and makes no distinction between citi-
zens in favor of colored men. The bringing
in of that bill as a substitute for the House bill
shows that this point had occurred to the more
reflecting minds of the members of the com-
mittee.
There is only one other matter to which I
wish to call the attention of the Senate, and I
feel that it is one of deep moment; and if it
had been alluded to before, or if the attention
of Senators had been called to it, I would not
occupy the time of the Senate now, nor would
I have risen from my seat on the present occa-
sion.
The examination which has been given to this
bill by the distinguished Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thtjrman] has made it unnecessary on the
part of any gentleman on our side of the house
to discuss the measure at length; but I wish
to call the attention of Senators on the Judi-
ciary Committee to one point, and I do so with
the more pleasure because I think I am here
making a point in regard to which,if lean have
their attention, they will agree with me. There
are many provisions in all these bills by which
a crime or misdemeanor is created without
specifying any intent. It is an admitted prin-
ciple of the-criminal law, which has taken the
form of a maxim, that there must be an unlaw-
ful intent in order to create a crime. The
maxim is, Actus non facit reum nisi mens sit
J"fa, ' the act itselt does not make a man guilty
unless his intentions were so;" or, as it has
been otherwise expressed, Actus e invito fac-
tum non est metis actus, " an act done by me
against my will is not my act." It has been
held throughout the whole history of the law,
from the origin of the common law, that the
most cruel, the most unjust thiig in the world
was to make crimes and misdemeanors where
the party did not intend to commit them. So
far does that principle go that the law has pro-
vided certain technical phrases, as, "know-
ingly," "willfully," "feloniously," "with
malice aforethought," which denote the intent
of the mind, and it was required most strictly
in all the old common law pleadings that these
very expressions should be used, because they
had a precise and definite meaning, expressed
a distinct idea, the idea being to couvey a crim-
inal intent in reference to the crime specified.
Perhaps gentlemen may here answer me by
saying that that being so you must still, under
this act, go into court and allege that there was
a criminal intent and show it; but, Mr. Pres-
ident, it has been held by courts in the Uni-
ted States, and by the Federal courts too, that
under an indictment for a statutory offense
it is not necessary either to allege or to prove
a criminal intent. They first held that an in-
dictment so drawn as to describe the offense
charged, substantively in the words of the stat-
ute, was good, without any further allegation.
Then, when it was insisted that the criminal
intent must be proved, the courts said no;
that if it was not necessary to allege it it was
not necessary to prove it; so that if a man is
charged with an offense in an indictment which
follows words that constitute the definition of
the offense in the statute that man can be
convicted, although his intention was as inno-
cent as that of a little child. That I believe
to be the law. Now, let me apply it to these
different bills. I will take first Senate bill No.
810, for example. I call the attention of the
Senate to section two:
That in case the constitution or law of any State
shall require the assessment or payment of a tax as
a qualification of an elector, if any assessor or other
ofheer charged by the law of said State with the duty
ofawessing persons or for the purpose of taxation,
shall refuse or willfully neglect to assess the person
or property of any citizen-
he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and lia-
ble to fine and imprisonment. He need not
willfully refuse; he need not refuse for any rea-
son such as is contemplated by the constitu-
tional amendment which you are here pretend-
ing to enforce. He may refuse because his wife
is dying; he may refuse because his child is ill;
he may refuse for a thousand reasons for which
you, Mr. President, and every Senator here
would say he was justifiable; and yet you put
an indictment in court against him alleging in
these words that he refused to do a certain
thing, and the court will hold that there need
be no allegation that it was done for the pur-
pose of violating this provision of the Consti-
tution, and there need be no proof of that. At
all events, I have heard such decisions in the
district courts of the UnitedStates myself; and
although some gentlemen may say, "I do not
think that is the law," and though I know it
ought never to have been the law, and 1 denied
it as long as I could do so, though it is not the
common law now, it isyet established law under
the Federal decisions with regard to offenses
created by statute.
I say then, Mr. President, that the commit-
tee made a mistake in not putting in the neces-
sary intent. I have passed over all three of
these bills in the last two days, and have
inserted in those places where I thought it
necessary the words " with intent to violate
the fifteenth amendment," or " with intent to
violate the provisions of this actand I may
move such amendments. If Bucn clauses are
