1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2623
of seats hero I think I am speaking within
hounds of clear propriety and justice when I
say that throughout the list, so far as they were
■white men, and nearly all of them were white,
they were men of recognized long standing,
intelligence, integrity, and honor, and many
of them were men of public reputations, who
had filled high civil positions; men of cul-
ture, experience, and great personal influence;
and so far as they were colored men they
were the most intelligent of the colored men
that our friends could bring before the com-
mittee. They were in many instances such col-
ored men as by the agency of the Democratic
party had been utilized as Democratic orators
during the campaign—negroes who had gath-
ered a good deal of intelligence and could
address their fellow-negroes with effectiveness;
who understood with considerable clearness the
political issues that were pending before those
people. On the other hand, the witnesses who
were called by the candidate of the Republican
party were, as a general thing, either strangers
to those people, ex-Freedmen's Bureau officers,
or candidates, or office-holders, or negroes.
A large portion of them were negroes—some
of them the most ignorant that ever appeared
before a court of justice to give testimony ; so
ignorant that their answers evinced an abso-
lutely painful condition of stupid lack of appre-
hension of the simplest and plainest facts that
are supposed to be known to every human
mind. Some of them, for example, did not
know the number of days in the week, the
number of days in the month ; did not know
one day of the month from another; did not
know whether Colfax is a white or a black man;
did not know whether Grant was running for
one office or another; did not know but that
he was running for some position on our com-
mittee. Their ignorance was so remarkable
(hat their testimony could only make upon the
mind of any intelligent listener impressions of
absolute sadness and pain that persons possess-
ing 110 more intelligence had by the agency of
the Government of this country been endowed
in any measure with the political control of its
public affairs. There was no pleasure, I assure
the House, in witnessing the evidences of stolid
and almost uniform incompetence on the part
of such persons to testify or detail facts reli-
ably or intelligently. Added to and in part re-
sulting from this condition they evinced^ the
most unquestioning credulity and susceptibil-
ity to deceptions, delusions, and impositions
from those persons who had acquired influence
over them through the bureau.
Of those men who were white, and were per
sons of some standing i n the State of Louisiana,
many were men of such doubtful character
that I am unable to say that they are worthy
of belief by any court of justice unless strongly
corroborated by better men. They were men
whose characters were covered all over with
crime—-men whom the common judgment and
common opinion of all good men in those sec-
tions denounced as bad, unscrupulous, and
corrupt. Of such was a man named William
Baker, whom the Governor of that State had
made the superintendent of registration, as
vile, low, mean, unprincipled a partisan as ever
undertook to control the conduct of a registra-
tion or an election—a man whom all the peo-
ple there, almost without distinction of color,
with the exception of a few purblind partisans,
denounced as corrupt and unworthy of belief.
I think any impartial mind that will take the
pains to read carefully his testimony, both in
chief and on cross-examinations, in these vol-
umes, without further evidence, will concur in
what T say of him.
I do not except the the Governor of that
State from the class of witnesses unworthy of
belief, of whom I say that I heard Republicans
in high standing in the city of New Orleans
declare that he is as bad and corrupt as any of
the bad men who hold under him subordinate
positions and undertake to ride over the people
and the rights of Louisiana. Among the wit-
nesses who testified in this case was one W.
Jasper Blackburn, a man of whom it has since
become known that he was engaged m the high
and honorable business of selling cadetships,
and who vindicated the propriety of that con-
duct upon high moral grounds. But the last
evidence of his high moral character is afforded-
by an article which I hold in my hand, which
was written with his own hand, and which I
clipped from his own paper, in which it was
published, I believe, on the 5th of last March.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman's argument; but I would
like to know whether he thinks it fair to allude
to matters which have transpired since the
election in question. If he does, I am pre-
pared to follow that line.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman has my most
cheerful permission to follow "that line" and
to make all he can out of it, or any o-ther line
which he thinks will do him any good.
Mr. Blackburn in his paper says:
"There is much of this juggling going on"—
Referring to the attempt on the part of this
House to purify itself of those who had been
selling cadetships—
"much more than tho unsophisticated, honest
masses have any idea about. Nor is it confined to
State legislation. It is so in Congress."
Let it be remembered that Mr. W. Jasper
Blackburn was a Bepublicaif member of the
Fortieth Congress:
" It is well understood at Washington that no great
enterprise involving heavy appropriations can be
consummated, and no fat office obtained, withoutthe
payment of heavy sums; in other words, and in plain
English, without bribery. And yet Congress gets up
special committees to investigate cadet frauds I"
After this sentence he inserts an exclama-
tion point, and then adds:
" It is a big cry over a little w^ol, and is designed,
more than anything else, to bide the infamy of those
who are stealing the whole sheep, w(Wl, hide, and
all."
Now, gentlemen on the other side can meas-
ure the extent of truth there is in this judg-
ment. If the testimony of this witness is good
against the claimant to the seat occupied by
the sitting member, if it is good against Mr.
Hunt, it is equally good against this Congress,
and equally convicts a majority in this House.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is fair for the gen-
tleman to say that I have not quoted that wit-
ness in this case. He lives five hundred miles
from the city of New Orleans.
Mr. KERR. Has the gentleman so soon for-
gotten the fact that he has devoted four mortal
pages of his report to the wildest kind of state-
mentsaboutthegeneral condition of Louisiana,
based on the testimony in these two large vol-
umes, and that he has deduced certain extrava-
gant conclusions from that examination of the
evidence ? That part of his report I agree had
better been omitted by him, but it is based
upon the evidence as to the whole State.
Mr. STEVENSON. All that applies to the
other cases when theyarise, and I did not wish
to have to repeat it.
Mr. KERI1. Does the gentleman say that it
does not apply to this case ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not see that it is
pertinent.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman says in the
report it is.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not object to his
quotiug it.
Mr. KERR. I think it fair for the gentle-
man not to interrupt me hereafter unless he
has some more substantial point.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will not interrupt the
gentleman if he does not desire it.
Mr. KERR. Again, another of the witnesses
who testified on the part of the sitting member
is a fellow by the name of Stokes, F. W. Stokes,
now a fugitive from justice, having made his
escape from a Federal office, into which he had
been placed by the Administration now in
power, in the State of Texas, and there is now
a reward of $500 offered for his apprehension
and return for trial, by Governor Davis, of
Texas.
To come up to some higher order of wit*
nesses in reference to moral standing, I wish
to invite the attention of the House to another
one, his name being Henry Clay Dibble, fi man
upon whose testimony they rely with a great
deal of apparent confidence. In order to elicit
the value that might be attached to his testi-
mony I put to him a few questions, in answer
to one of which he said what I will read. But
before I read this, however, I wish to say. to
the House that since we were down there last
summer the Legislature of Louisiana has cre-
ated an additional high court, called the eighth
circuit court of New Orleans; and to preside
over that important tribunal the Governor of
Louisiana has appointed this Mr. Dibble. I will
read from part two, page 507, of the testimony :
'' Question. Then you construe that provision of the
constitution to refer to and indorse as loyal men only
members of the Radical party?
"Answer. I so understood it—the Republican party ;
and I have no doubt that that was the intention of
those who framed the constitution. Those who fa-
vored tho congressional policy of reconstruction were
the only loyal men in the view of tho constitution,
and that means tho Republican party of Louisiana."
That means the constitution of Louisiana,
made by the negroes and by Congress.
"Question. There was therefore, within the purview
of tnat constitutional language, no other loyal party
in Louisiana ?
"Answer. There could not have been, for that con-
stitutional provision was intended to prevent those
men from voting.
"Question. You say that there could not have been ?
"Answer, I now say that there was not."
Each gentleman can answer to his own con-
science whether evidence like this, so full of
partisan feeling as thus to obscure the reason
and the judgment of the witness, is worth much.
Return to the report made by my colleague
on the Committee of Elections. I desire the
House to give its attention for a few moments
to a few points made in that report. It is
claimed that because in the fall of 1867 and
the spring of 1868 the Republican vote was
large and the Democratic vote small therefore
it is fairly to be inferred there was some sort of
force or some sort of trickery used to control
the people and defeat a fair expression of the
public will. I invite attention to the fact that
the vote in November, 1868, in the parishes
classed by my colleague in his report as dis-
orderly, was 62,279, about 6,000 more than the
whole vote in those parishes in the April pre-
ceding. I invite attention to the further fact
that the Democratic party had no organiza-
tion. They had not, as stated in my colleague's
report, adopted anybody's candidate, but voted
as they pleased, for whom they pleased, in an
entirely unorganized way, and the true reasons
why at the November election, in 18G8, there
was so much larger vote cast were threefold :
First, it resulted from the fact that by the new
constitution of Louisiana the disabilities hith-
erto operating on large classes of white men
had been removed so that they might all be
registered and participate in the election.
Secondly, by reason of the withdrawal of the
Freedmen's Bureau the negroes through the
State, being thus left to look out and provide
for themselves and make their own bargains
in respect to their future livelihood, most nat-
urally and reasonably were induced to con-
sider and more justly to realize that their true
interests were united to those of the white
people, who were the employers, and to cul-
tivate greater identity and sympathy with the
whites, to the great and manifest advantage
of both races. At the previous elections, by
reason of the fostering care of the bureau and
its general and political and party manage-
mentand control, and the counsel of its agents,
the negroes were made to believe in their com-
plete independence, in their material a.s well
as in their political relations, of the white peo-
ple of the State.
A third reason was the complete organiza-
tion of the Democratic party and the demoral-
ized political condition of the negro Repub-
lican organizations, owing to the withdrawal of
the bureau support and management, 'this
