1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
the Senator from West Virginia is doubtless
correct; but the Senator from West Virginia
will recollect that sitting upon the Supreme
bench is not the only duty which is devolved
upon a justice of the Supreme Court. He is
required also to hold circuit courts; and I say
to the Senator from West Virginia that he has
a greater interest in who shall hold the circuit
courts of the circuit in which ho is located
than I have residing in another circuit; and I
in another circuit am more interested in the
person that shall preside over the circuit
courts of my circuit than he is. But when the
judges come to sit in the Supreme Court of
the United States we all have the same interest
in them.
But, sir, I am not willing to admit that in &
number of States in any part of this Union
you cannot find a person competent and quali-
fied to go upon the bench of the Supreme Court
of the United States aud to hold the circuit
courts. We have but nine Supreme Courtjudges
for thirty-seven States. There is not a single
one of these circuits with less probably than four ;
million people in it; and does not the Senator ;
from West Virginia know that among the
intelligent, the educated and the enlightened
population of this country there are no four
millions of them anywhere among whom you
may not select not only one but forty men that
would adorn the Supreme Court ofany country.
There is not a State of the Union that does
not contain within its limits men competent
to sit upon the bench of any court in Christen-
dom. There is not that difference between men;
therefore this limitation, in my judgment, is no
unreasonable one. But I do not propose to
argue the policy and propriety of selecting
these judges from different parts of the country.
It has been repeated over and over in the
Senate, and is assented to by nearly every
member.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Illinois has
not conceived the point or principle of my
objection. I concede folly that wherever Con-
gress I"" the power to create an office and does
create an office it may attach conditions to the
officer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky certainly did not understand me. I said
that the President had no authority to appoint
a justice of the Supreme Court without an act
of Congress. It is the law of Congress that
gives him that authority; Congress creates the
office. That is my view of it.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
be a little patient he will comprehend my idea
fully. He does not yet, and it is because I
have not yet had an opportunity of expressing
myself completely. My position and my prin-
ciple is this: that the office of Supreme judge is
created by the Constitntion, and not by an act
of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course I do not expect
the Senator to agree to that; but that does
not shake my opinion nevertheless. I say that
the office of embassador is created by the Con-
stitution. I agree that an act of Congress is
necessary to designate the number of judges
of the Supreme Court; but there has never
been a decision rendered by the Supreme Court
involving the question of the existence and or-
ganization of that court that does not treat it
as a constitutional court, as a court created
by the Constitution itself, and not by act of
Congress; and not only the court, but the
offices of the judges of the court themselves
are created by the Constitution, and not by an
act of Congress.
I admit that an act of Congress regulates
the number of the judges of the court; but
after it has designated the number of judges
the office of judge, according to that number,
exists by and under the authority of the Con-
stitution. It is different with the office of
circuit judge. The honorable Senator stated
very correctly that the judges of the Supreme
Court were commissioned justices of the Su-
preme CouTt. Thatis their commission; that
is their warrant and power. Their obligation
to perform circuit duties is merely attached to
the office of justice of the Supreme Court, and
they are required to do that by act of Con-
gress ; but because the act of Congress requires
justices of the Supreme Court to perform cir-
cuit duties that does not change the essence
of the office. It still leaves the office of judge
of the Supreme Court a constitutional office,
created and established by the Constitution,
and without being subject in any respect what-
ever to the action or the power of Congress.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, accord-
ing to my judgment, cannot.bringupany anal- |
ogous principles from the fact that Congress by \
its law creates postoffices and postmasters, that
Congress by law creates circuit judges, and cre-
ates circuits in which those judges shall dis-
charge their duties. Now, suppose that the
present law in relation to circuit courts did not j
require the Supreme Court judges to go into j
the circuits to perform official duties; that it
gave entirely the duties of circuit judges to the
circuit judges proper, and the judges of the
Supreme Court were in no time and in no way
to be associated with the circuit judges in the
performance of circuit court duties. With such
an exemption from circuit court duties applying
to the justices of the Supreme Court their
office would be identically the same, their con-
stitutional tenure of office would be identically
the same as it now is with the law requiring
them occasionally to go into the circuits to
perform circuit court duties. It is not so with
; the circuit judges. Any office that Congress
can create by its act it may destroy by the
i repeal of the act. Circuit jndges are created
by act of Congress, not by the Constitution.
\ The Constitution provides for the establishment
of any inferior courts, inferior to the Supreme
Court, that Congress*may in its discretion
organize and establish.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the funding bill is before
the Senate, being the unfinished business of
yesterday.
ORDER OF COSINESS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe I am as desirous
of progressing with the funding bill as the Sen-
ator from Ohio who reported the bill can pos-
Bibly be. I am very earnestly in favor of hav-
ing such a funding bill pass this body as shall
meet my judgment; and when we get that I
shall certainly vote for it. That I may not be
misunderstood I will say further that I think
it will be a crime if we do not pass some bill
on that subject; but I do not think there is any
particular haste on this day; and inasmuch as
the Senate has said that this day shall beoccu-
?ied by three of the committees of this body,
will, and I hope the Senator from Ohio will
interpose no objection, move to postpone this
funding bill until Monday, and that it be made
the special order again on that day at one
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should hope that we
might be permitted to finish the bill that has
been under consideration. I shall be very glad
to have the funding bill go over until Monday
and let ns finish this judicial bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a question upon
which every Senator can decide for himself.
I am very anxious to proceed with the fund-
ing bill, and would rather go on to-day; but I
do not wish to do anything inconsistent with
the wish of the Senate. Each Senator can
vote for himself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that some time ago, on a suggestion from
the Chair that the Senate should determine
the operation of the resolution in regard to
Friday, it was ordered by vote of the Senate
that when the business of Friday was taken up
the Senate would procaed with the consider-
ation of the bills from the committees named
in the resolution in their order, and that noth-
ing else should be in order on that day except
by unanimous consent when the Senate had
indicated a disposition to take up Friday's
business.
Mr. HAMLIN. There was acquiescence in
the decision of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDE N'T. It was submitted
to the Senato and so decided. The Chair has
kept the Globe to show the colloquy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tha't being so, I do not
press my suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to postpone the funding bill until Mon-
i day at one o'clock, when it will be subject
only to any unfinished business that may be
left to-day.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to vote
with the Committee on Finance if I may know
their position. Shall 1 understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio as making any objection to this
proposition?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not authorized to
speak for the committee, but I would rather
go on with the funding bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
lia3 charge of the bill. Does he wish us to
vote against this postponement?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather go on with
the funding bill; but it is a question for each
Senator to judge for himself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine, to
. postpone the funding bill, the effect being to
take up the business specially assigned for
Friday.
The motion was agreed to.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The business
| for Friday will now be taken up. The Cora-
■ mittee on the District of Columbia is entitled
! to priority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By the proper construc-
tion of the order the Committee on Pensions
is entitled to begin to-day; for the Committee
1 on the District of Columbia has had two days
already. We therefore must take up the next
committee; otherwise the committees below
never will be reached at all.
The VIC pi PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide according to the construction he enter-
tains of the resolution. The resolution says,
" that every Friday during the present session
i of the Senate, after the morning4iour, shall be
!| set apart for business coming from the Cotn-
! mittee on the District of Columbia, the Com-
i mittee on Pensions, the Committee on Claims,
the Committee on Patents, and the Committee
on Private Land Claims, in the order in which
said committees are herein named.As it
now stands the Chair feels compelled to rule
that the Committee on the District of Coluin-
: bia must announce that they have concluded
; their business before the next committee cai^
be regularly called, though their business may
exhaust the entire session-
Mr. HAMLIN. I" think the ruling of the
Chair is certainly correct.. I do not see how
it can be otherwise. And yet I think there is
a propriety and a courtesy among these com-
mittees that ought to iexist; and, as the chair-
man of the District Committee, if the Senator
will only be satisfied and let me consider two
bills that will not take ten minutes each, I am
sure, I will then agree not to take up to-day
any other bill from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and will pass the day over
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am obliged to be satis-
fied; I cannot be otherwise uuder thiB de-
cision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizes chairmen of committees as having the
right to speak for their committees. The chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia announces that after the consideration of
two bills from that committee he will give way;
and the Committee on Peusions will be next
in order.
