.1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•"367
before it, questions connected with the taxation
of the people of this country, either through
the medium of impost duty or internal tax, and
in this way has to treat questions which affect
the interests of the people of all classes in
every occupation. The consequence is, that
besides attending to its duty, as committees
ordinarily do in the investigation of subjects
referred to them by the House, it is compelled
from time to time, and at this time almost daily,
to hear individuals presenting their claims, or
the interests in which their occupation involves
them, or the counsel of such individuals, or
deputations from different classes of manufac-
turers and commercial men. For this purpose
it is absolutely essential, if the committee shall
transact the public business, it shall have more
room assigned to it, more space than the com-
mittee has in the room now occupied by it. It
is proposed, therefore, to give to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means the room which is now
occupied by the post office of the House, to
give to the Committee on Appropriations—an
important committee of this House, not now
sufficiently provided for, as we understand—the
room now occupied by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and to let the post office be placed
below in a convenient room for that purpose,
now occupied by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, allowing that committee
to take the room at present occupied by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. This change is very
desirable to the committees indicated, and I do
not know there is any one objecting to it, un-
less it may be the Postmaster of the House.
He desires not to be sent below; and the
proposition is made that this large room—this
. double room, containing a place for retirement
and conversation, and a place in which to re-
ceive those who may have business before the
Committee of Ways and Means—shall be still
maintained for the post office. With reference
to that I would for the present say this: the
post office of the House of Representatives is
not what it used to be as regards the space
required for the transaction of business. There
was formerly in the post office of the House of
Representatives a necessity for room, arising
out of the fact that all the stationery was sup-
plied from it. That is now entirely done away
with, and the room we occupy now is only that
which is required for the post office purposes
of the House. If the post office bo put lower
down it will have the further advantage of being
more convenient for the purpose of receiving
and sending out the mails.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means if he is
aware of the fact that the Reconstruction Com-
mittee, composed of thirteen members and
meeting always with a crowd around them,
also now occupy the committee-room that is
occupied by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads? I may say that I have no
objection to the Committee on Reconstruction
being abolished ; but as long as we do sit on
that committee we require a larger room some-
where. If the gentleman proposes to abolish
us altogether it is all right.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am aware of the exist-
ence of a Committee of Reconstruction, and
believe it consists of some thirteen or fourteen
members. And I may take occasion to say,
but not in any particular political sense, that I
hope to see the time very soon arrive when
we shall need no such committee, when we
shall all be reconstructed. But this resolution
looks to making permanent arrangements for
the convenience of the standing committees
of the House, in connection with which I think
it is scarcely neccssary to take that committee
particularly into consideration.
A s regards the Committee of Waysand Means,
I tan best explain the need of further accom-
modation for that committee by referring to the
fact that while other members were enjoying
their holidays during the recent recess of two
and a half weeks the members of that commit-
tee, with the exception of four or five days, or
at the most a week, sat here engaged in the
labor devolving upon them. At this time the
committee are meeting every morning, as they
have done during the session hitherto. They
meet after the adjournment of the House, and
on account of the pressure of business they meet
at night, finding it necessary to come up to the
Capitol, all our books and papers being hare.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment.?
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. COX. I should like to know why, in
the arrangement of the committee-rooms, the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] has
neglected the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, on which committee so much labor has
been devolved through the instrumentality of
the gentleman himself? Wo expect to have
before that committee a large number of peo-
ple as witnesses, and undersuch circumstances
our room—which I may mention is also very
near the restaurant—is not suitable for the
purpase. We have not room enough fordoing
business; and I ask the. gentleman from Ohio
so to modify the resolution as to give us a larger
room.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not included any
arrangements for that committee simply be-
cause they did not bring forward their claim
in any way, and because I had heard nothing
of the inconvenience to which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] has referred.
Now that it has been stated, I would say that
the whole field is still open for the making of
new arrangements. If a proposition is made
which will give suitable accommodation to that
committee, they shall certainly have my aid in
getting themselves better accommodated, either
by removing into the restaurant or by remov-
ing further away from it, as their tastes and
desires may lead them or as will best promote
the transaction of public business.
But as regards the Committee of Ways and
Means, as I have already stated, we are meet-
ing night after night. We meet to-night, to-
morrow night, and each successive night; and
we have the prospect of so many persons being
in attendance on the committee to-morrow at
half past ten, our regular hour of meeting daily,
that it will be impossible to accommodate them
in the space at our disposal. And yet these
persons must be heard, and the questions which
they submit to us must be disposed of in some
way. It is on account of the crying necessity
arising out of the condition of things which I
have described that the committee appeal to
the House to make such changes as will be
satisfactory to the several committees whose
interest and convenience are involved in the
arrangements.
Mr. WARD. I should like to be informed
what is to be done for the Committee on Re-
construction. The committee drifted around
for a long rime without any room. Now they
have got a lodgement with the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. We have
had some little business to do, and we shall
have more, and I would like to know what is
to become of that committee under this arrange-
ment? Where is it to go?
Mr. SCHBNCK. Mr. Speaker, I suppose the
Committee on Reconstruction are very much
in the condition of most committees, however
important they may be—and I do not deny the
importance of that committee—that are raised
for purposes in some sense temporary. If the
Capitol, with its various rooms, does not afford
sufficient accommodations for all they are com-
pelled to sit at such times as the room is unoc-
cupied in the room of some other committee
of the House. I am told that at this time the
Reconstruction Committee occupy the room of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
PkOads.
Mr. WALll). And you propose to cut out
two committees.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not their room, how-
ever. I do not know but that the committee
which is to occupy that room may afford them
the same accommodation. If not, I dares say
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads will still be hospitable, and let them
occupy at times the room to which the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads may be
transferred. Someplace, as a matter ofcourse,
must be provided, but this resolution does not
interfere with that question at all. I will say
this in behalf of the committee tlrntl represent
here, that if there be any time within the twenty-
four hours during which we must not occupy our
own committee-room it shall be at the service
of the Committee on Reconstruction. We will
be as hospitable as any other committee.
Mr. WARD. You meet every day.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; morningandevening.
Mr. WARD. Then, when can the Recon-
struction Committee have the room ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know. I can
only promise that if there be any time they
shall, in all due hospitality on our part, have
it reserved for them. That committee will
doubtless find a place somewhere, as it has
done heretofore. But there is no difficulty
about it, even in the light in which the gentle-
man presents it, because it is at present sharing
the room of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. That committee are about
to be, if this resolution prevails, permitted to
have another room which is more acceptable
to them, and they will no doubt be enabled to
let the Committee on Reconstruction enjoy as
much advantage in the new room to which they
may remove as they have extended to them in
the old room which they have heretofore occu-
pied. I do not know how that may be, but
I dare say it will be so.
But, sir, I do not want gentlemen to mislead
me. This resolution does not touch any other
rooms. It proposes a fair arrangement in re-
gard to certain committees. If gentlemen can
propose any other and better arrangement for
other committees not included in this resolu-
tion, and which ought to be provided for, let
them look around and find what arrangements
can be made consistently with the interests of
the public business to accommodate them, and *
they shall have my cordial support in any
arrangement proper to be made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman, then, to allow me to offer an amend-
ment to which I am quite sure he will not
object, and which will accommodate another
committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear what it is.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is to add to
the resolution the following:
And that the room now occupied as the private
office of the Clerk of the House be assigned to tho
Committee on Banking and Currency.
The whole of this, the western side of the
lobby of the Hall, is devoted now to the Clerk
and his employes. The room in the southwest
corner of the building is now used as the pri-
vate office of the Clerk. It is a much larger
room than the one which the Committee 011
Banking and Currency have below stairs. Tlio
room below stairs of which I speak has two
glass doors on one side leading into the bath-
room, with simply a single sheet of glass be-
tween us and what fumes come up from that
place. On the other side is the restaurant,
with whatever fumes are there. It is a very
small room, and in every way inconvenient for
the purposes of the committee. By nomina-
tion of the Speaker the committee has been
increased to ten, and it is with the greatest
difficulty that we can be accommodated now
when we have any delegations before us.
The pending legislation in regard to banks
and banking, the sixteen hundred banks and
banking associations of the country ready to
send delegations to be heard before the_ com-
mittee, and the additional work of the invest-
igation of the gold panic of September lasl,
which has been imposed upon the committee,
make it absolutely impossible for us to trans-
act our business with any degree oi cotnlort
I in that small room.
