1870.]
APPENDIX'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sbss.
the district of Oregon, situated above the junc-
tion of the Willamette and Columbia rivers,
and drained by said rivers and their tribu-
tary waters, is hereby constituted a collection
district, to be called the Willamette district,
whereof Portland shall be the port of entry ;
and a collector shall be appointed, for said
district, to reside at Portland; and said
collector shall be allowed a salary o? one
thousand dollars per annum, with the fees
allowed by law; such salary and fees not
to exceed in any one year three thousand
dollars.
Sec - 2. si nd be it further enacted, That the
master of every vessel entering the Columbia
river from the sea, and bound for Portland,
shall exhibit his papers to the collector of the
port of Astoria and deposit with him a sworn
copy of the manifest of cargo ; and if said ves-
sel be laden with domestic merchandise or
merchandise in bond for Portland, the col-
lector at Astoria shall permit her to proceed
to her place of destination; but if she shall
have dutiable merchandise on board not
bonded, he shall cause a customs officer to
proceed on board said vessel to Portland,
who shall see that no goods are landed from
such vessel before her arrival and entry at
the latter port. And the necessary expenses,
including the per diem of such officer and the
expense of his return to Astoria, shall be paid
by the master of such vessel to the collector
of customs at Portland, for the use of the
United States, before permit shall be given to
unload.
Sec. 3. And be it f urther enacted, That all
vessels clearing from Portland, and bound to
sea, shall on arrival at Astoria report to the
collector, and the master of every vessel so
reporting shall leave a copy of his -manifest,
including any additional cargo taken on board
after leaving Portland, with the collector at
Astoria, and thereupon shall be allowed to pro-
ceed to sea. And the master or other person
in charge or command of any vessel entering
the Columbia river from the sea, or clearing
from Portland and bound to sea as hereinto
fore described, who shall neglect to exhibit
his papers or to report to the collector or to
deposit his manifest as herein required, shall
forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred dol-
Sec.4. Andbe it further enacted, That when
a vessel shall arrive at Astoria from sea hav-
ing merchandise on board for that place and
also for Portland, such vessel shall enter at
Astoria and discharge such portion of her
cargo as is destined for that place, whereupon
the collector shall cause her hatches to be
closed and sealed, and shall then permit her
to proceed to Portland in charge of a customs
officer as hereinbefore provided.
ArpKOVED, June 14, 1870.
Chap. CXXVIII.— An Act to regulate Credits
to Prisoners for good behavior.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That prisoners who are
now or who may hereafter be confined in pris-
ons of any of the States, as punishment for
crimes of which they have been convicted and
sentenced by courts of the United States, shall
hereafter be entitled to the same system of
credits for good behavior as other prisoners
confined in the same prison. _ And hereafter
the act approved March two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, entitled " An act in relation
to persons imprisoned under sentence for
offenses against the United States, ' shall
only apply to such persons as are confined m
prisons where no credits for good behavior are
allowed.
Approved, June 14, 1870.
Chap. CXXIX.—An Act to provide for the
Appointment of an Assistant Treasurer of
the United States at Baltimore.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in addition to the
officers provided for in the fifth section of the
act approved August six, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, entitled "An act to provide for the
better organization of the Treasury, and for
the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue," there shall
be appointed, an Assistant Treasurer of the
United States, to be located in the city of
Baltimore, in the State of Maryland; and such
Assistant Treasurer shall be appointed in like
manner, for like time, and be subject to all the
provisions of law to which the other Assistant
Treasurers provided for in said fifth section are
subject. 1
Sec, 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be prepared within the custom-honse of
the city of Baltimore, in the State of Maryland,
suitable and convenient rooms for the use of
the Assistant Treasurer herein authorized, and
sufficient and secure lire-proof vaults and safes
for the keeping of the public moneys collected
and deposited with him ; and the said Assistant
Treasurer shall have the custody and care of
said rooms, vaults, and safes, respectively, and
of all the public moneys deposited therein, and
shall perform all the duties required to be per-
formed by United States Assistant Treasurers
in reference to the receipt, safe-keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursements of such moneys : Pro-
vided, That the rooms and vaults now used by
the United States designated depositary at -Bal-
timore, shall be set apart for the purposes named
in this section, as far as they may be applicable.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That upon
the appointment and qualification of said Assist-
ant Treasurer, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall revoke the designation as a United States
depositary of the collector of customs at Balti-
more, and shall direct the transfer of all the
books, accounts, vouchers, property, and pub-
lic moneys in the office of said depositary to
the office of said Assistant Treasurer.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Assistant Treasurer directed by this act to be
appointed shall receive a salary of five thousand
dollars per annum, to be paid quarter yearly
at the Treasury of the United States ; which
salary shall be in full for all his services, and
a sufficient amount to pay said salary until June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-oue,
is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
United States Assistant Treasurer herein pro-
vided for, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, may appoint the same num-
ber of clerks and messengers in his office, and
at the same compensation, as is now provided
by law for the office of the United States de-
positary in Baltimore; and all unexpended
balances of moneys heretofore appropriated,
or that may hereafter bo appropriated, for the
payment of the clerks and messengers in the
office of said depositary shall be applied to the
payment of the clerks and messengers appointed
in the office of the Assistant Treasurer under
this act.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That there
shall be appropriated and paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of one thousand dollars, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury in such repairs and additions
as maybe necessary to put in good condition,
for immediate use, the office, rooms, vaults,
and safes herein mentioned, and in the pur-
chase of any necessary additional furniture and
fixtures, and in defraying any other incidental
expenses necessary to carry this act into effect
Approved, June 15, 1870.
Ciiap. CXXX.—An Act to regulate the Salaries
of Chief Justices and Associate Justices in
the Territories.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act the salaries of the chief jus-
tices aud associate justices of the Territories
of New Mexico, Washington, Wyoming; Ari-
zona, Colorado, Montana, Idaho, Dakota, and
Utah, she^l be three thousand dollars each per
annum.
Approved, June 17, 1870.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act exempting from
Taxes certain Property in the District of
Columbia, and to amend the "Act to pro-
vide for the creation of Corporations in the
District of Columbia by general law."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Rex>resent,atives of the United Stales of Amer-
ica in Congress assembled, That from and
after the passage of this act all churches
and school-houses, and all buildings, grounds,
and property appurtenant thereto, and used
in connection therewith in the District of
Columbia, shall be exempt from any and all
taxes or assessments, national, municipal, or
county.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That sav-
ings-banks may be organized within the Dis-
trict of Columbia under the provisions of section
four of an act "to provide for the creation of
corporations in the District of Columbia by
general law," and thelimitation of twenty years
provided for in said section for the existence
of corporations created under and by virtue of
the provisions of said section shall not apply
to corporations formed only for the purpose
of life insurance.
Approved, June 17, 1870.
Ciiap. CXXXII.—An Act to provide for fur-
nishing Artificial Limbs to Disabled Sol-
diers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That every soldier who
was disabled during the late war for the sup>
pression of the rebellion, and who was furnished
by the War Department with an artificial limb,
or apparatus for resection, shall be entitled to
receive a new limb or apparatus as soon after
the passage of this act as the same can be prac-
tically [practicably] furnished, and at the expir-
ation of every five years thereafter, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by the Sur-
geon General of the Army: Provided, That the
soldier may, if he so elect, receive, instead of
said limb or apparatus, the money value thereof,
at the following rates, viz: for artificial legs,
seventy-five dollars; for arms, fifty dollars ; for
feet, fifty dollars; for apparatus for resection,
fifty doliars.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the
Surgeon General shall certify to the Commis-
sioner of Pensions a list of all soldiers who have
elected to receive money commutation instead
of limbs or apparatus, with the amount due to
each, and the Commissioner of Pensions shall
cause the same to be paid to such soldiers in
the same manner as pensions are now or here-
after may be paid.
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, Thatevery
soldier who lost a limb during the late war,
but from the nature of his injury was not able
to use an artificial limb, and consequently
received none from the Government, shall be
entitled to the benefits of this act and shall
receive money commutation as hereinbefore
provided.
Approved, June 17, 1870.
