1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5455
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution reported by the majority, as follows :
Resolved, That Joseph Segar is not entitled to aseat
as a Representative of the State of Virginia at large
in the Forty-First Congress of the United States.
The question was put, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
agricultural report.
Mr. CAIvE. I rise to make a privileged
report. I am directed by the Committee on
Printing to report the following concurrent
resolution:
Resolved hy the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed of the an-
nual lepoit of the Commissioner of Agriculture,
for the year 1869, two hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand extra eopios, one hundred and eighty thousand
of which shall be for the use of the Iiouse of Rep-
resentatives, twenty thousand for the use of the Sen-
ate. and twenty-five thousand for distribution by
the Commissioner of Agriculture.
On that resolution I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire, beforj the
previous question is seconded, to ask the gen-
tleman how this number compares willi the
number printed in former years.
Mr. CAKE. This resolution will give about
fifty copiesfewer to each member of the House
than the number printed last year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I look upon this as the
most valuable of all the reports printed by
Congress to the community at large; and it
appears to me that the number heretofore pub-
lished is small enough. I think the Iiouse
should this year have at least as many copies
printed as have been printed in former years.
Mr. CAKE. The number in this resolution
will give about seven hundred copies to each
of the members of the House. But the mem-
bers of the Committee on Printing from the
Senate say that the Senate will cut down this
number. It seems to me that if we can get it
through the Senate, it is large enough, and we
heartily hope to get that number through the
Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This number will not
uivu more than one report to every fifty voters
in the country. That is too small a distribu-
tion, and I ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to permit me to take the sense of the
House on an amendment increasing it.
Mr. CAKE. I assure the gentleman that
this is as large an edition as the House mem-
bers of the Committee on Printing hope to get
the Senate to concur in. I will allow the gen-
tleman, however, to offer his amendment, and
let the House determine.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I appeal
to the House to agree to the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri. It is the first time
1 remember his being found on the liberal side
of any question, and it must, therefore, be right.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. I am glad the gentleman
from Missouri is going for an increase. What-
ever he goes for I am willing to go two thou-
sand more. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAKE. 1 yield to the gentleman from
Missouri to offer his amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend by add-
ing fifty thousand to the number of copies to be
printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that he frame his amendment so as
to add that number to the number to be distrib-
uted by the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I accept the gentleman s
suggestion.
Mr. CAKE. I now move the previous ques-
tion on the resolution and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was first upon
agreeing to Mr. Benjamin's amendment.
°The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the concurrent resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION OE REFERENCES.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
votes by which bills and joint resolutions have
been referred and recommitted during to-day
and Saturday; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
delaware breakwater.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to report back
from the Committee on Appropriations the bill
(S. No. 888) to aid the Junction and Break-
water Railroad Company, in the State of Dela-
ware, to construct, in connection with said road,
a pier in Delaware bay, at or near Lewes, in
Sussex county, State of Delaware.
The substitute was read. It is as follows:
A bill to construct a pier at the Delaware break-
water, in the State of Delaware,
Tie it enacted, &c., That $225,000, orso much thereof
as may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated to construct a good and substantial
pier of stone or iron in the Delaware bay, at or near
Lewes, in Sussex county, in the State of Delaware,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, and to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War.
Sec. 2. And be xt further enacted, That it may and
shall be lawful for the president, directors, and com-
pany of the Junction and Break water rail road, in the
State of Delaware, to extend their railroad upon and
over said pier, and freely to use said pier in connec-
tion with their said road, subject to such regulations
and charges for maintenance and repairs as the Sec-
retary of War may adopt.
Mr. CULLOM. I make the point of order
that this bill contains an appropriation, and
must liave its first consideration in a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DICKEY. It is a Senate bill. I move
to suspend the rules to enable me to report
the amendment; and I would like to make a
statement, a very brief one, in regard to the
bill.
Mr. CULLOM. I object.
Mr. DICKEY. Just a moment.
Mr. WELKER. I object to any discussion.
The question was put on suspending the
rules so as to enable the substitute to be
reported ; and there were—ayes 72, noes 55.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. DICKEY. I withdraw the substitute
and ask that the Senate bill be put upon its
passage.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my friend from Penn-
sylvania will not attempt to put the Senate bill
through in its present form. I have voted with
him every time, but I am opposed to giving a
railroad company §250,000.
Mr. WELKER. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that that is not the report of the com-
mittee. I submit that the committee author-
ized the gentleman to report a substitute and
not the original bill, and I ask a ruling on that
point.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of fact,
as to whether this is or is not the report of the
committee, which the Chair will have to sub-
mit to the House.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask whether the House will
not hear me for a few moments on this ques-
tion as the only Representative of Delaware
here ?
Mr. WELKEIl. I object.
Mr. DICKEY. I move, then, to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the consideration of this bill.
Mr. WELKER. I raise the point of order
that the bill has not yet gone to the Committee
of the Whole; it is before the House on the
gentleman's motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The question has been
raised whether or not this is the report of
the committee, and it must, be submitted to
the House. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Welker] raises the point of order that this
bill is not a report from the Committee on
Appropriations, and that is a question that the
House will have to determine.
Mr. WELKER, I will ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if he was authorized to
report this bill and move to put it on its pas-
sage?
Mr. DICKEY. I was authorized to report
the bill with a substitute.
The SPEAKER proceeded to put the ques-
tion as to whether the House would regard the
report as a report from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and upon a division announced
that there were—ayes 48, noes 65.
Mr. BIGGS. I call for tellers.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know what
the question is. Nobody seems to under-
stand it.
Mr. DICKEY. It is whether we shall go
into Committee of the Whole on the bill and
the substitute.
Mr. WELKER. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know whether this bill has
been committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I understood that
the House refused to consider it.
Mr. DAWES. There cannot be a question
but that the bill and substitute, which both
contain appropriations, have been referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the question. The bill itself had
not been read, but the point of order was made
on the substitute that it contained an appro-
priation, which the Chair sustained. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania then, without objec
tion, withdrew the substitute, and the question
recurred on the Senate bill. The Chair holds
that the point of order can still be made on the
Senate bill,.inasmuch as it had never been read.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] then
raised the additional point of order that the
bill itself was not authorized to be reported by
the committee. The Chair was compelled to
submit that point of order to the House, and
the House sustained it. When the negative
vote was announced the gentleman from Del-
aware called for tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then the question is
whether the committee have authorized the
Senate bill to be reported?
The SPEAKER. That is just the question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe no one pretends
that they have.
Mr. DAWES. On what ground will the
House decide the question?
The SPEAKER. The House has decided
that the committee has not authorized the bill
to be reported.
Mr. DAWES. The House decided on that
question without hearing any member of the
committee.
Mr. DICKEY. I renew the substitute.
Mr. DAWES. I will inquire whether the
House has really decided the question without
hearing any member of the committee?
The SPEAKER. No member of the com-
mittee essayed to speak, and the Chair sub-
mitted the question to the House whether they
would regard the Senate bill as the report of
the committee; and the House decided they
would not.
Mr. DICKEY. The House decided without
hearing anybody upon that point at all.
Mr. BIGGS. As I am the only Represent-
ative on this floor from the State which is in-
terested in this measure, I ask leave to be heard
a few minutes upon the necessity of it. ^ The
House will bear me witness that I have hitherto
occupied but little of its time.
Mr. WELKER and others objected.
The SPEAKER. The question" before the
House is whether this Senate bill shall be re-
ceived as the authorized report of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not claim that it is.
The SPEAKER. Then there is no question
before the House.
