1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4511
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kuapp, Lawrence,
McCarthy, MeCrary, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Niblack, Orth, Paine, Palmer, Peek, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
field, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, William Smyth,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tan-
ner, Taylor, Tillman, Towns end, Van Horn. Van
Trump, CadwaladerC. Washburn, William B.Wash-
burn, Wheeler, Whitniore, Willard, John T. Wil-
son, "Winans, and Witeher—89.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Atwood, Ayer, Barnum,
Barry, Beck, Bennett, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bowen,
Boyd, Buck, Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cohum, Cox, Davis,
Dc-rcrier, Byer, Farnsworth, Gilfillan, llaldeman,
Hawley, Heaton, lloar, Iloge,^ Hooper, Jenckes,
Alexander II. Jones, Kellogg, Kerr, Lafiin, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch. McKenzie, Morgan, Morphis,
Myers, Stegley, Nowsham, Packard, Packer, Perce,
Peters, Piatt, Porter, Randall, Bice, Ridgway,Roots,
Sanford, Sloeum, Joseph S. Smith, William J.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stone, Twichell, Upson, Van Auken, Van Wyck,
Voorhees, Wallace, Ward, Welker, Wilkinson, and
■Williams—71
So the House refused to recede from its dis-
agreement and concur in the amendment of
the Senate.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ELA said : I rise to make an inquiry in
reference to the correctness of the roll-call.
Is the name of Mr. Bingham recorded as hav-
ing voted?
The SPEAKER. His name is recorded as
having voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ELA. I am very confident that he has
not been present in the House since the re-
call was commenced. I heard his name an-
swered to when it was called.
The SPEAKER. Doesthe gentleman know
who answered?
Mr. ELA. I do not; but I am very confi-
dent Mr. Bingham did not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg to
say that I came in with the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] after the roll-call was
finished.
The SPEAKER. The name of the gentle-
man from Ohio, on the statement which has
been made, will be excluded from the list of
gentlemen responding on the roll-call, lhe
Chair may state that "the name was recorded
on the side of the minority.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. X desire to
take this opportunity of saying that a very
vicious practice has grown up, which I wish to
see corrected, and the correction- of which
would injure a fuller house. The practice I
allude to is that of gentlemen leaving their
names and votes, and going out before their
names are called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he is 110 party to any such arrangement, and
that he has uniformly refused to recognize any
such vote, so far as it came under his observa-
tion. There is no authority for such a prac-
tice under the rules. In regard to the calling
of the roll, the Chair also begs to call attention
to another practice, that of gentlemen crowd-
ing around the Clerk's desk during a roll-call
when a close vote is pending. Ihe clerks com-
plain of this very much. It tends to cause
confusion, and is directly prohibited by the
rules. The Chair alludes to this matter now
because he may do so without reference to any
particular case, and he begs to say that it is a
practice to be honored in the breach rather
than in the observance.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to make
a remark on behalf of my colleague, [Mr.
Bingham.] The gentleman who raised the
question of order stated that somebody in the
Hall responded. That statement, of course,
frees my colleague from any possible imputa-
tion that he had left the Hall, leaving word to
have his vote recorded, in violation of the rule
to which the Chair has referred.
The SPEAKER. It relieves, also, the Clerk
from having committed any violation of the
rule. , .
Mr. BENTON. I see the gentleman Irom
Ohio in the Hall. I suggest that that gentle-
man may have something to say about this
matter.
Mr. BINGHAM. May 1 inquire what is the
question 1
The SPEAKER. The name of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] was recorded
on the roll-call as voting on the motion of his
colleague, [Mr. Schenck,] to recede from the
position of the House and agree to the amend-
ment of the Senate on the pension appropria-
tion bill. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Ela] raised the point of order that
the gentleman from Ohio was not in the House
during the roll-call, and that somebody must
have voted for him.
Mr. BINGHAM. I presume that must have
been the case. I was absent in the room of
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair takes the liberty
to say that whoever undertook to respond to the
name of the gentleman from Ohio committed
an act deserving the extreme censure of the
House. The Clerk has informed the Chair that
he distinctly hearda response in the affirmative
when the gentleman's name was called.
Mr. ELA. I also heard the response dis-
tinctly. And this is not the first occasion on
which I have heard the names of members
responded to during a roll-call when I could
not see the gentlemen themselves in the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I also can confirm what
has been stated. I distinctly heard the re-
sponse.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hopenoth-
will be said in the House hereafter against
New York voting.
Mr. ALLISON. New York may have re-
sponded.
Mr. STRICKLAND. I wish to suggest an
explanation of what has occurred. Sometimes
a gentleman does not respond at^he moment
and may respond when the Clerk is calling the
next name; so that when the name of one
gentleman is being called another gentleman
may respond. I presume, therefore, that what
has occurred in this case may possibly have
been the result of accident.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is no imputation on any member of the
House. The name of no gentleman has been
mentioned as having responded for the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. KERR. I desire to state that I was
not in the Hall when the roll was called.^ Had
I been present I would have voted " ay.''
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The question recurred on Mr. Kelsey s
motion, that the House insist upon their dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Senate
and agree to the further confereuce asked by
the Senate.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferees on
the part of the House, Mr. William H. Kelsey,
Mr. William E. Niblack, and Mr. Benjamin
P. Butler.
c. ii. pendleton and r. 1 . leaky.
- The SPEAKER announced that lie had ap-
pointed Mr. Archer of Maryland, Mr. Ferry
of Michigan, and Mr. Ketcham of New York,
conferees on the part ot the House, in regard
to the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
amendments of the House to the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 9G) to place the names of
Charles H. Pendleton and Richard P. Leary on
the Navy Register as lieutenant commanders,
active list.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, communicated a resolution re-
questing the House to return to (he Senate the
bill (S. No. 676) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States,'' passed August
18, 1865, and for other purposes, the bill having
been heretofore passed by the Senate and sent
to the House for concurrence.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, with amendments, in which the
concurrence ofthe House was requested, House
bills of the following titles: ■ :
An act (H. R. No. 1669)-for the relief of
Hsfrriet E. Parker ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1987) to define the duties
of pension agents, to prescribe the manner of
paying pensions, and for other purposes.
The message farther announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following title,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 874) to reimburse the State
of Kansas for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provisioning
militia forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion.
order of business.
Mr. DICKEY. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called, the first morning hour begins at half
past twelve, and reports are in order from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad. Two morn-
ing hours to-day have been assigned by order
of the House to that committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. What will be the effect on
the business reported by the committee of the
first morning hour expiring?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
shall have been seconded on any measure pend-
ing at the close of the first morning hour that
measure would have to be disposed of before
the second morning hour begins. The same
rule will apply to the two morning hours to-
day as would apply to two morning hours on
two separate days.
patrick woods.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wheeler,] who is now enti-
tled to the lloor for the purpose of making
reports from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, of which he is the chairman; I ask him
to yield to me to offer a resolution to authorize
the Sergeant-at-Arms to take Patrick Woods
before a court to testify in a murder case.
Mr. WHEELER. I understand the reso-
lution which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] desires to submit for consideraiion
at this time is one of public necessity. If it
will consume no time I will yield, although
I have refused a dozen other applications to
yield to members who had matters they desired
to bring before the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following reso-
lution, for consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-a,t-Armsof thi-' l!ou,-e,
or his assistant, John W. Le Barnes, be ordered to
take Patrick Woods, now in the custody of theScr-
geant-at-Arms, and being so held by order of this
House for a breach of the privileges thereof, to Rich-
mond, Virginia, there to testify in the court ot
hustings as a witness in the case of tuo Common-
wealth of Virginia against John Uurhiser, on Aton-
continue to keep   
shall immediately, after he shall have so testmeu,
return with said Woods to this House.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. kelsey] to
withdraw his objection, so that 1 may state the
necessity for this resolution.
Mr. KELSEY. I will hear the gentleman
if there is any particular reason to be given for
it; but I object to this man being taken around
the country on a pleasure excursion in the cus-
tody of the Sergeant-at-Arms while he is under
arrest for an assault upon a member of this
House. I do not see any particular necessity
for taking him to Richmond, unless it may be
that the object is to get him within the juris-
diction of some State court, so that he may be
released on a writ of habeas, corpus.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
hear my explanation. *
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly I will.
Mr. BINGHAM. The person, Gurhiser,
named in the resolution, is a soldier of the
United States, and is on trial for his_life_in
the court of hustings in Richmond, Virginia,
