3568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
inserted in the proper places, it cab certainly
do no possible harm, even if I am mistaken in
thinking the law is as I have stated; and it
will protect a great many innocent people and
prevent their being very much harassed and
annoyed.
You are creating here a great many new
offenses. You are creating offenses which will
be committed innocently; certainly on til your
law becomes generally and thoroughly known.
You are offering, as was said by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thobman] the other day,
rewards to persons to prosecute for them. Yoa
are making the public lynx-eyed in watching
the action of every person connected with
elections. You are dealing with a strong mo-
tive ; you are appealing to a strong feeling in
the human heart—the lust for money, for gain,
whether well or ill-gotten. Now I pray you
to put some protection over the innocent; let
them not be subject to be harassed and an-
noyed unless the man who goes to make the
charge dares say, "I charge yoa with com-
mitting that crime against the laws of the Uni-
ted States." That is all I want men to be
charged with before they are put on their trial.
Mr. President, on this subject the Senate
will pardon me for reading a few liues from
oue of our own authorities:
"In further confirmation of the general doctrine
of the intent may be mentioned the fact that no man
deems in his heart another guilty or deserving of
punishment unless the other has intended evil, or at
least was careless ooncerniag what hedid. Another
faot is, that whenever an individual is made to suffer
a punishment which the community does not con-
sider he deserves, so far from its placing on him the
mark of contempt, it elevates him to the seat of the
martyr. Another is, that even infancy itself spon-
taneously pleads the want of evil intent in justifi-
cation of whatever has the appearance of a wrong,
with the utmost confidence that the plea, if the troth
of it bo credited, will be received ae good. New
these facts are only the voice of Nature uttering one
of her immutable truths, this, then, is the doctrine
of the law, superior to all other doctrines, because first
in nature from whioh thelaw itself proceeds, that no
man is to bepunished as a criminal unless his intent
is wrong. To establish this doctrine requires not
judicial authority; to overthrow it can never be the
work of any right-minded power of eartji."—Bithap
on Criminal Law, book 4, chapter 17, section 372.
Now, Mr. President, I have stated all that I
have to say about these bills. I think it is
utterly unnecessary to pass any law on the
subject. I think the fifteenth amendment will
enforce itself. I think it weald be wise not to
pass any bill; but I am not opposed to a proper,
fair bill. If you would draw a bill which had
no other object in the world, ahd would reach
no further and do' no harm, but enforce the
amendment fairly as long as it is considered a
part of the Constitution of the United States,
every good citizen will see that it is enforced,
and assist in enforcing it.
But why pass any of these bills? Must the
President have authority to order the judges
of courts about as if they were his satellites ?
Must the judiciary be prostrated before the
military and executive power of the country ?
For the first time are you to lay violent hands
at last on the independence of the courts ? And
why, in connection with that, in close proxim-
ity, must armed bands for the first time by
Federal authority surround our polls? With
a prostrate judiciary, with armed men around
the polls, my distinguished friend, the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,] may see scenes
that he little dreamed of seeing when he came
to this country, coming, as many of his coun-
trymen have, to this laud, leaving their homes
that are still as dear to them, and dearer than
the hour they left, seeking what? Seeking
for personal liberty, for personal freedom.
They sing the songs of the fatherland still in
this country; they play the games of the father-
land. They came here, not that the skies are
brighter or the grass is greener here than in
the old country—they came here to seek con-
stitutional freedom, constitutional liberty, and
that they might claim that in the face of Heaveu
and beforeallmen ; and, Mr. President, while
I live, notwithstanding all that I have seen
since I have been in Congress, I intend to the
best of my humble ability to try to live a free-
man. And, sir, I can tell the Senators from
New England that they had better look back
at the history of their country and the motives
that actuated the settlers that came there.
They are very fond of talking to us of Plymouth
Bock. Let them remember what brought the
Mayflower across the ocean, and when they
think of it with pride, as they have a right to
do, let them not forget the principles that
underlay it.
1 have read and pondered on these inci-
dents; nor have I forgotten the battles that
took place in that cause. I was born on the
lawn of Princeton; I live on the banks of the
Delaware, where Washington crossed it on that
fearful night that turned the tide of that war
which was waged for local self-government and
personal liberty, and nothing else. I can think
of all these scenes, and when I think of them
and see our present condition they bring'back
to me nothing but sorrow at the rapid rate we
are traveling in a different direction. Now that
the civil war is over, now that gentlemen have
not that excuse which was so handy and so
ready in the maxim " salmpopuli suprema est
lex" for anything that might be done in time
of war, now in time of peace, for Heaven's
sake, let us get back to the institutions of our
fathers, get back at least so far as to preserve
our local self-governments a^d our personal
liberty.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to give notice of
an amendment that I intend to offer to the bill
at the proper time. I submit it now, and move
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
propose to indulge in much debate in regard to
this bill. I have not given it any very special
attention. What I wished to say is rather in the
nature of suggestions to the members of the.
committee having the bill in charge than with
any expectation of offering amendments my-
self.
I have fco doubt of the necessity of passing
this or some such bill. The fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments will not be enforced by
the simple operation of their own force as
amendments to the Constitution. The four-
teenth amendment has been the law, and the
supreme law of the land, for two years; and
yet it is violated in every one of eleven or
twelve States, and probably is violated in other
States than those lately in rebellion. The fif-
teenth amendment has also been in force some
months, aud it has been violated repeatedly.
My colleague says there is no occasion for any
bill, because the amendment has been acqui-
esced in. It has been mainly acquiesced in I
agree; but in some towns of our own State it
haa been repudiated and disregarded; and it
is now disregarded throughout the State of
California, as I am informed, by those who
live there, and is disregarded in other States.
In one of the principal cities of our own State
of Ohio the judges of election, whose duty it
was to allow all legal persons to vote, resigned
their seats on the Sunday before the election,
and irresponsible parties, irresponsible in every
way, Were allowed to hold their offices under
the provisions of the law, and refused to per-
mit a colored man to vote in the town of Cir*
cleville. We have the official statement made to
us by the parties aggrieved, and their complaint
has been referred to the proper committee.
There can be no doubt that there is an abso-
lute necessity for some law to enforce the fif-
teenth amendment
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague allow
me a moment? In the first place, I should
like to ask him if he knows of any other case
in Ohio?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have heard of one or
two other cases ; but I have no such authentic
statement as in regard to the case at Circleville.
Mr. THURMAN. I have heard of none.
And in the next place, if my colleague will invest-
igate that caBe he will find that it was a some-
I what serious question for the judges of election
! whether or not they could receive those votes
; without a change in the law of the State of
I Ohio; whether or not the fifteenth amendment
! operated ipso facto to overthrow the State law,
so as to authorize them to receive what they
were prohibited by the State law from receiv-
ing. I have no doubt that in the case he men-
tions the judges acted honestly, although they
may have acted erroneously.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that point a friend
has handed me an extract from a Democratic
paper in the State of West Virginia.
Mr. BOREMAN. The leading Democratic
paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I will not stop to
read it, because it takes the ground 
Mr. BOREMAN. Read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I will read it.
"This is what we do mean: that as long as the
constitution of any State remains unchanged it is
compelled to be respected and enforced in all its
provisions by its officers until they have official noti-
fication from proper authority that they are to dis-
regard it. In other words, the fifteenth amendment,
having been adopted as a part of the Constitution
of the United States, though in truth by fraud and
violence, is of no effect whatever in any State until
the Legislature makes its constitution and laws con-
. form to it, or until Congress enacts laws to enforce it."
This introduces the very point I wish to make
to the Senate, and I submit it to all members
of the Senate. It is whether there is not a
good deal of plausibility in the construction
put by the courts of California upon the fif-
teenth amendment itself, and whether it does
not imply at least by its language that before
it shall be enforced in the courts some legis-
lation should be passed by Congress. Here is
the amendment itself:
"Abticle XV.
" Section 1. The right of citizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
United States, or by any State, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
"Sec. 2. The Congress shall have powerto enforce
this article by appropriate legislation."
That is, this right to vote shall not be denied
by any State. " Shall not be denied" may re
late back and repeal all acts, all constitutions,
and all laws that were in existence at that time ;
but the grammatical language of the fifteenth
amendment does not necessarily do so. It says
that no State shall deny to people the right to
vote on account of color, and then it provides
that Congress may enforce this stipulation by
appropriate legislatioa. It is therefore mani-
fest that the framers of the fifteenth amend-
ment contemplated that some law should be
passed by Congress to enforce it, and that
without it it would not have the full force and
sanction of law. At least there is such a doubt
about it that it is our imperative duty before
we leave here to pass suitable laws to enforce
the fifteenth amendment in every State of the
Union. Otherwise, Democratic judges, men
who are governed by prejudice, by party feel-
ing, and especially the subordinate judges who
enforce the election laws in the different States,
will cover themselves under this construction
of the Constitution, and the fifteenth amend-
ment will be practically disregarded in every
community where there is a strong prejudice
against negro voting. This shows the abso-
lute necessity of the passage of some law on
this subject, and I am willing to vote for any
law constitutional in itself that will tend to
enforce the fifteenth amendment; and here is
where the difficulty occurs to me.
The first section of the amendment proposed
by the Senate Judiciary Committee I do not
see any objection to ; on the contrary, in view
of the construction that may be put on the fif-
teenth amendment, I think it is wise to declare
in general terms that nobody shall hereafter be
excluded from voting on account of his color,
notwithstanding any constitution or law or reg-
ulation of any State. This at least gives an
official force and sanction and carries into effect
the words of the fifteenth amendment.
The second and third sections I have read
carefully, and 1 think they are too vague and
