2624
THE OOJSTG-RESSION-AL GLOBE.
April 12,
state of things was of course greatly in favor
of the Democratic part}', and it was availed of
by holding numerous barbecue and other po-
litical meetings all over the State, and by the
general exhibition and increase of kindness in
everyway in which it can be manifested in the
conduetofapoliticalcampaign toward negroes.
Numerous political meetings were held in
which both parties participated, before which
addresses were made both by white and colored
orators, at which both classes partook of food,
sometimes from the same table, sometimes
from opposite sides of the same table, some-
times from different tables, and always cooper-
ating in a spirit of entire kindness and freedom
from coercion or intimidation or any degree of
fear. The negroes in many respects had been
badly treated by the strangers and political
adventurers in their business relations; cheated
out of their wages and sometimes of their cot-
Ion, and there was a natural and extensive
loss of faith in them. Their promises of lands,
mules, and money to the colored people had
not been redeemed, and they were therefore dis-
satisfied, and many other circumstances tended
to leave them in doubt as to the propriety of
longer following the leadership of sueh njeii,
In reference to this general cortdititfrg'.-of
things, before J proceed further I will S§fc the
Clerk to read an extract from a report cov-
ering this period of time, made uot long ago
by General Halleek, then in command of the
department of which the State of Louisiana
constituted a part. The report has been
published.
The Clerk read us follows;
'"Aft.cr a earofnl examinationof all (lie ovidenoo I
have been able to colled, ironi oilieial reports mid
the statements of oihoers and citizens, unbiased by
partisan toelhiK-, 1 urn foiced to (hoconclusion that
Itio amount ot crime committed in the several
States of the division is very little greater than
beturo tho rebellion, and certainly no greater than
was reasonably to bo expooted at tho cl030 of an
embittered and prolonged civil war, when largo
numbers of lawless and desperalc characters, both
at tho North and in tho Booth, were turned looso
upon sooiety without any legitimate means of sup-
port. Certain districts of country may, and prob-
ably do, form exceptions to this general remark; hut
even of these exceptional cases very few have any
partisan character or political significance. Those
who minder a.ml rob do sojsimply as murderers and
robbers, influenced by the motives which ordinarily
incite men to commit theso crimes. Ono of tile
worst desperadoes in Kentucky served in tho Union
Army during the war; but lie anil his band now rob
arid murder rebols and loyalists alike, as may best
suit their purposes, at one timo claiming to bo Ku-
klux, and at another to bo nnti-Kuklux. Although
tlicrouiay bo special organizations of outlaws in
particular localities under tho nauio of Kuklux, X
am of the opinion that no such general organization
now exists in tho southern brutes, it is probable,
however, tliat outlaws not unlroquently assume this
name in order to intimidate (.he weak and credu-
lous,especially when calculated to increase their own
importance."
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, my own judg-
ment, after the most thorough examination of
this testimony, concurs entirely in that judg-
ment of General Halleek, who was then, as f
have said, in command of that department. I
must now advert to the statements of my col-
league, with reference to the condition ofthings,
as t.i peace and order generally prevailing in
the State. We are told that, there was proscrip-
tion used by the white people against tho colored
people. It should never be forgotten that the
white people in the State of Louisiana are the
owners ofthepropertvinthatState. They own
the lands as a general thing, and most of tho
personal property, they are the employers ;
they need the labor; they give employment to
the field hands, the cotton raisers, the sugar
growers ; they sustain precisely the samerela-
tion to the laboring classes in Louisiana that
wealthy people of New iSngland, the wealthy
people of the North generally, the wealthy peo-
ple m all parts of the country sustain toward
the laboring element, in all their respective
communities. Their relations are precisely the
same: they are governed by the same consid-
erations, by the same motives, by the same
impulses, by the same interests, by the same
considerations of local and of public policy.
And it is not just, it is not fair in argument,
it is not a fair construction of this evidence to
place greater stress on that condition of things
there than on a similar condition of things in
other sections of the country. In this reason-
able and just view the situation in Louisiana
was not extraordinary, except in so far as the
degree of poverty and dependence there was
somewhat greater than elsewhere on the part
of the laborers. The extent to which the suf-
frage was controlled there was no greater than
elsewhere, taking into consideration the dif-
ferences that exist between the people, in their
intelligence, in their property, in their capa-
city, in all those things that go to makeup the
elements that control political organizations.
In the determination of what will be just in
this case all of these things should bo con-
sidered, and any judicial mind that excludes
any of them does discredit to itself as well
as injustice to the case. But my colleague
on the committee tells you that there were
organized in the State of Louisana, numerous
societies called ''K. W. C." or "Knights
of the White Camelia." There was such an
organization in Louisiana. It was quite num-
erous. It existed probably to some extent iu
each parish iu tho State. But to that extent
only can I, while acquitting my own eon-
science and telling the truth, indorse any of
the statements of^my colleague with reference
to that organization. When he charges that it
embraced the whole Democratic party, his state-
ment is wild and wholly nnsustaincd and un-
justified by the record. It contained perhaps
less than one fifth of it,. When ho says that it
was distinctly political in its character, 1 say
that tho evidence wholly fails to sustain his
allegation. When he says it was an armed
organization,! say that the evidence emphatic-
ally and overwhelmingly contradicts him, and
I defy the production of five out of the four
hundred witnesses whose testimony is contained
in this record, who will sustain a declaration
of that sort, and who are worthy to be believed
at all. On the other hand, every single man
who was put upon the witness stand and who
was himself a K. W. C,, excepting possibly
two or three—and a great many men of as high
and spotless honor as any man upon this floor
were put upon the witness stand who were
members ot that order—and who unbosomed
themselves with entire and unqualified unre-
serve, told the committee and placed it upon
our record what were the purposes and plans
and aims and oaths and obligations of that
socicty, and they completely and triumphantly
acquit tho organization of any of the criminal
purposes charged upon it by my colleague. 1
am amazed that he should make a statement
of this kind in such unqualified and ill-consid-
ered terms.
It is not true that the obligations of this
society bind its members to participate in any
way in the conduct of political campaigns or
political matters in the State of Louisiana. It
is triumphantly in proof that these societies
did not control political action in that State,
that they did not constitute the committees
and organizations of the Democratic party,
and that they did not even cooperate in direct-
ing and regulating the conduct of the political
campaign. It is true that the membei"s of the
Organization were to a very great extent mem-
bers of the Democratic party, and as such,
but in that capacity alone, participated in the
election. The organization as such was never
an armed band and it was stated by all its
members with a uniformity that was entirely
unbroken, that it was never taught in its ritual,
in its lodges, or in its oaths or obligations, that
any of its members should do any unlawful
thing or that they should deny civil and polit-
ical rights to any class of persons, or that they
should deny participation in political power to
tho colored men, so far as they were entitled
under the laws of the country to enjoy and exer-
cise that participation. That is what the tes-
timony shows and it is all it shows, and 1 have
no fear but that my statement will be fully sus-
tained by every fair and judicial mind that will
examine the ease.
I will cite here the testimony of Mr. Edwin
L. Jewell, an exceedingly intelligent man, of
unquestioned truthfulness, the. editor of the
New Orleans Bulletin. It is to be found in
volume two, page 233, and fully states tho
character and purposes of the order. lie
states the general purposes of the order to be
to maintain the purity and superiority of the
white race, and then says:
" To avoid these evils, therefore, wo take tho obli-
gation to observe a marked distinction between the
two races, not only in tllo relations of public affairs,
but also in tho more intimate dealings' and inter-
course of private life, which, by tho frequency of
their occurrcncc, aro moro apt to liavo an influence
on tho attainment Of tho purposes of tho order.
" Js'ow that 1 have laid before you tho objeots of
this association lot mo charge you specially in rela-
tion to ono of your most important duties as ono of
iu members. Our statutes make its hound torespeet
sedulously tho rights of the colored inhabitants of
this llepublic and iu every instance to-givo to til em
whatever lawfully belongs to them. It is an act of
simple justice not. to deny them any of the privileges
to which thoy aro legitimately entitled; and wo can-
not better show the inherent superiority of our race
than by dealing with them in that spirit of firmness,
liberality, and impartiality which characterizes ail
superior organizations. Besides, it would boashamo
for us to undertake to restrict them to tho narrowest
limits as to the oxorciso of certain rights, without
conceding to thomat the same timo thefullestineas-
uro of those wbioh we recognize as theirs; 'and a fail-
construction of a whito man's duty toward them
would bo, not only to respect and. observe their
acknowledged rights, but also to see that those firo
respected and obscrvoil by others.
".From the brief explanations which I have just
given you you must have satisfied yourselves that
our association is not a political party and 1ms no
connection witli any of tho organized partios of tho
day. Noi will it lend itself to tho personal advance-
ment of individuals or listen to the cravings of any
partisan spiril. It was organized in order to carry
out cortaiu great principles, from which it must,
never swerve by favoring private ambitions and
political aspirations. These, as well its all senti-
ments of pnvato onmity, animosity, and other per-
sonal feelings, wo must leavo at the door before we
enter this council. You have mot hero congregated
together men who belong to all tho political organ-
izations whioh nowdivido or havedivided this coun-
try; you see some whom embittered feuds and irrec-
oncilable hatred havo long and widely hoparatcd;
they liavo all cast away these rankling feeling-; lo
unite cordially and '/.oalously in tho labors of our
great undertaking. Let their oxamplo bo to you a
useful lesson of tho disintorostcdness and dovotod-
ness whioh should characterize our joint efforts for
tho success of our cause."
.This is a full statement of the aims of the
order by one of its officers, and is unquestion-
ably true, lie and others also prove that long
before that election the order ceased to be
active or potential for any purposes, and had
substantially gone into decay, had ceased to
hold regular meetings, and that most of its
members became persuaded that it could riot,
be made to accomplish any great good or
effective results, and acted accordingly.
It is also said that General Rousseau stated
during the heated canvass which preceded the
November election of 18(58, that he had no
power at his command by which ho could
maintain tho peace in the city of New Orleans,
or that, these political organizations were so
powerful that he could not cope with them.
There is some testimony from the mouths of
some of these witnesses to whom I have re-
ferred, produced by the Republican claimant
for this seat, that in a slight degree justify a
statement of that kind; but many of the lead-
ing, most intelligent, high-toned, honorable
public men of New Orleans wore brought be-
tore the committee, and by all their state-
ments, by all the facts they presented, it is
proven conclusively that General Rousseau
could not have made any such statement,, and
I do not believe he ever did make any such
statement. I do not believe there ever was
one moment during that canvass when General
Rousseau did not feel strong in the conviction
that he could maintain peace and order, and
in liis determination to do it at any cost to
himself or his command. The testimony shows
that General Rousseau feltas much apprehen-
sion of danger, difficulty, and disorder from the
imprudent, reckless, and inflammatory conduct;
and appeals of the Radical clubs and their lead-
