5456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. DICKEY. I was authorized to report
the substitute ; that I will sti<5k- to. I renew
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on the substitute which I was authorized to
report by the unanimous vote of the Committee
on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] withdrew the sub-
stitute.
Mr. DICKEY. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] reports from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the Senate bill and
substitute, which have been read; and as they
contain an appropriation they will be referred
to the Committee of the Whole, and placed on
the general Calendar.
Mr. DICKEY. And now I move that the
rules be suspended and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENOK. If we go into Committee
of the Whole at this time, will it not be neces-
sary to lay aside all special orders before this
bill can bo reached?
The SPEAKER. It will be necessary to lay
aside all the special orders, and all the bills on
general Calendar, to reach this bill, for it is
at the foot of the Calendar.
Mr. SCHENCK. When we go into Com-
mittee of the Whole I shall insist upon pro-
ceeding with the special order, being the bill
to create a department of revenue.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole and to lay aside all special
and general orders for the purpose of consider-
ing this bill.
Mr. ALLISON". All except the bill repeal-
ing the duty on coal. [Laughter.]
Mr. DICKEY. No, sir; no exceptions.
The SPEAKER. The usage of the House
has been by a vote of the House to order that all
special orders in Committee of the Whole shall
be laid aside ; but after the House shall go
into Committee of the Whole the committee
disposes of the business on the general Cal-
endar by laying it aside without action, or
considering it and laying it aside to be reported
to the House.
Mr. PAINE. Is not the substitute which
the gentleman now introduces to be consid-
ered as his own individual proposition, and not
as the report of the Committee on Appropri-
ations?
Mr. DICKEY. No, sir; it is the unanimous
report of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey,] that all special orders in Com-
mittee of the Whole be laid aside for the pur-
pose of considering the bill and substitute
reported by him from the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 81, noes 83.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. PETERS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Welker and
Mr. Dickey were appointed.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. WELKER. I want to ascertain from
the Chair whether the original Senate bill was
ever allowed to be reported from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and if not, is it before
the House at all?
The SPEAKER. The point of order is
made too late; the bill is not before the House,
but is in Committee of the Whole. The ques-
tion is upon laying aside all special orders in
Committee of the Whole, so that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Commit-
:ee of the Whole it may proceed at once with
the general Calendar, the business on the gen-
eral Calendar to be disposed of as it is reached,
by being laid aside, or otherwise disposed of.
Upon this question tellers have been ordered
and appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 88, noes 72.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. AMBLER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentlemanwillstateit.
Mr. ALLISON. Must not the general orders
in Committee of the Whole be disposed of one
by one as they are reached ?
The SPEAKER. If the House votes to
dispense with the special orders, and then goes
into Committee of the Whole, the bills on the
general Calendar will be taken up and disposed
of seriatim by the reading of the title and with-
out debate, until some bill is reached which the
committee shall desire to consider.
Mr. ALLISON. Each one laid aside by a
majority vote ?
The SPEAKER. By a majority vote, with-
out debate, and without interfering with their
relative position on the Calendar.
Mr. MAYNARD. We would not be able
to get at this bill before the middle of the next,
session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask unanimous consent to
have published in the Globe remarks which I
have not been allowed the opportunity to make
on the bill reported by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey.]
Leave was granted. [See Appendix.]
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 87, noes 38.
Mr. CONGER. I call for the yeas and nays.
It is only a little after four o'clock, and there
is public business which ought to be transacted.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to ; and
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. in.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DEGENER: The petition of citizens
of Dimmit county, Texas, for frontier protec-
tion.
By Mr. DIXON: The petition of John G.
Perry, for extension of patent.
By Mr. PAINE : The memorial of the Mar-
ble Dealers' Association of Wisconsin, in oppo-
sition to an increase of the tariff on foreign
marble.
By Mr. PALMER: A petition of inhab-
itants of Iowa, for a recognition of God in the
language of the Constitution of the United
States.
By Mr. STONE : A bill to repeal certain pro-
visions of an act entitled " An act to incorpor-
ate a company for making certain turnpike
roads in the District of Columbia," approved
April 20, 1810.
By the SPEAKER: The memorial of Cyrus
W. Field, a citizen of the United States, in re-
lation to telegraphic communication between
the United States and the West India Islands.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: The petition of Gor-
don B. Barnes, for arrears of pension.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 12, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was partly read,
when
Mr. ALLISON moved that, the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had insisted upon its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House to the bill (H. R. No.
1533) making appropriations for the naval-ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1871; had
disagreed to the amendments of the House to
other amendments of the Senate ; had agreed
to the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon ;
and had appointed as conferees on the part of
the Senate Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Drake,
and Mr. Stockton.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 154) for the relief of Jane
Dean Bishop.
The message furthor announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested: .
An act (S. No. 510) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Sioux City,
Iowa, to Columbus, Nebraska;
An act (S. No. 533) to relinquish the interest
of the United States in certain lands to the
city and county of San Francisco, in the State
of California;
An act (S. No. 622) granting a pension to
Nancy E. Ammons;
An act (S. No. 878) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and declare the railroad
and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and
Chattanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter
constructed, a post road, and for other pur-
poses,'' approved March 2, 1868; and
An act (S. No. 881) to amend the act to
incorporate the National Academy of Sciences.
order of business.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] to lay aside
all pending special orders in Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union to take up
the bill to construct a pier at the Delaware
breakwater.
Mr. DICKEY. I withdraw that motion.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. The Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom were referred Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2082) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes, have directed me to submit a written
report.
The Cierk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Appropriations, to whom the
bill (H. R. No. 20S2j making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June30,1871,
and for other purposes, together with the Senate
amendments thereto, was referred, having consid-
ered the same, beg leave to report as follows:
They recommend concurrence in the first amend-
ment of the Senate.
They recommend concurrence in the subsequent
amendments of the Senate, with an amendment, as
follows:
Substitute in lieu of said Senate amendment the
following:
Sec. 2. And beit further enacted,Th&t the President
be, and ho is hereby, authorized and directed, on or
before the 1st day ot July, 18il, to reduce the num-
ber of enlisted men in the Army to thirty thousand,
and thereafter there shall be no more than thirty
thousand enlisted men in the Army at any one time,
unless otherwise authorised by law.
Sec. 3. And beit further exacted,That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized, at hi3 discretion,
honorably to discharge from the service of the Uni-
ted Stales officers of the Army who may apply there-
for on or before the "1st of January next; and such
officers so discharged under the provisions of this act
shall be entitled to receive, in addition to thepay and
allowances duo them at the date of their discharge,
one year's pay and allowances.
Sec. 4. And be ^/urt/ierercaefed.ThatthePresident
be, and he is hereby, authorized, at his discretion, to
place on the retired list of the Army, on their own
application, any commissioned officers who have
been thirty years in the service, and the officers who
may be retired by virtuo of this section shall bo
entitled to the same pay and emoluments as are
now allowed, or may hereafter be allowed to officers
retired from active service.
Sec. 5. And ha it farther enactcd, That the proviso
of tpe sixteenth section of the act approved August
o, lool, limiting the number of officers on the retired
list to seven per cent, of the whole number of exist-
ing officers, be and tho same is hereby, repealed;
and hereafter the number of officers who may bo re-
tired m accordance with existing laws shall be in the
