666
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 17,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CXXXIII.—An Act to establish _ a
Police Court for the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be estab-
lished in the District of Columbia a court to be
called the police court of the District of Co-
lumbia, which shall have original and exclusive
jurisdiction of all offenses against the United
Slates committed in the District of Columbia,
not deemed capital or otherwise infamous
crimes, that is to say, of all simple assaults and
batteries, and all other misdemeanors not pun-
ishable by imprisonment in the penitentiary;
and of all offenses agaiust any of the ordinances
of the city of Washington, or of the city of
Georgetown, or law.? of the levy court of the
county of Washington. It shall be composed
of one judge, who shall be a man learned in
(he law, and who shall be appointed by the
President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall
hold his office for the term of six years. Before
entering upon the duties of his office he shall
take the oath prescribed for judges of the courts
of the United Slates.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
salary of said judge shall be three thousand
dollars per annum. The said court shall have
power to appoint a clerk at a salary of two
thousand dollars per annum, who shall hold his
office during the pleasure of said court. He
may appoint one deputy, with the consent of
the court, if tlie business shall require it, t,o be
paid such compensation as may be allowed by
the court, not exceeding one thousand dollars
per annum. Said clerk shall give bond with
surety, and take the o-itli of office as prescribed
by law for clerks of district courts of the United
Stales, lie shall have power to administer oaths
hihI affirmations, and in his absence his deputy
may administer the samp.
Sue. 3. Andbeit further enacted, Thatpros-
ocutions in said policecourtshail be by inform-
ation under oath, without indictment by grand
jury or trial by petitjary; botany party deem-
ing himself aggrieved by the judgment of said
court may appeal to the criminal court hold by
tt justice of the supreme courtofthe District of
Columbia, and in such case the appeal shall be
tried on the information filed in the court below,
certified to said criminal court, by a jury in
attendance thereat, as though the case had
originated therein.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That said
police court shall hold a term on the first Mon-
day of every month, and continue the same from
day to day its long as it may be necessary for
the transaction of its business. Said judge shall
have power to issue process for the arrest of
personsagainst whom information maybe filed,
or complaint under oath be made, to compel
the attendance of witnesses ; and said court
may enforce any of its judgments or sentences
by fine or imprisonment, or by both. Jn cases
arising out of violations of any of the ordinances
of either of said cities, or of the laws of said
levy court, such process shall be directed to the
chief of the Metropolitan police of the District
of Columbia, who shall execute the same, arid
make return thereof, in like manneras in other
cases; but in eases now cognizable in the said
criminal court the process shall be directed to
the marshal of said District, except in cases of
emergency, when it may be directed to said
chief of the Metropolitan jjolice; and for his
services the marshal shall receive the same fees
prescribed for like service in said criminal
court, to bepaidasprovidedforiiisection four-
teen of this act. Such process shall be under
the seal of said police court, and shall bear a
teste in the name of said judge, and be signed
by the clerk. And in cases of sickness, absence,
or disability of said police judge, either of the
justices of the supreme courtofthe District of
Columbia shall designate some justice of the
peace of said District to discharge the duties
of said police judge, until such disability be
removed, who shall take the same oath as is
prescribed for said judge of the police court,
and shall receive the sum of tea dollars per day
for the time he shall serve, to be paid in the
same manner as the salary of said police judge
is paid.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said
police court shall have power to punish con-
tempts, and to issue all process necessary for
the exercise of its jurisdiction, and shall have
& seal. But said court shall not have nower to
naturalize foreigners.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, That said
police court may appoint bailiffs, not exceed-
ing two, who shall receive for their services
three dollars each for every day's attendance
upon said court, to be paid as provided for in
section fourteen of this act, upon certificate of
said service by the judge of said court.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be no fee charged for any service
by the clerk of said police court. The wit-
nesses shall receive the same fees as are
allowed- for similar service and attendance in
the criminal court, and paid by the local juris-
diction in which the offense shall be committed.
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, That in
all appeals from said police court, the party
applying for appeal shall enter into recogniz-
ance, with sufficient surety to be approved by
the judge, for his appearance in the criminal
court then in session, or at the next term there-
of, if said criminal court be not then in session
session, there to prosecute said appeal and to
abide by the judgment of said criminal court;
said recognizance so approved and the inform-
ation or complaint shall be immediately trans-
mitted to the clerk of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia. Upon such recog-
nizance being given, all further proceedings
in said police court shall be stayed, and "the
judgment in said criminal court shall be final
in the case.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
bailiff's of said court may act as dejjuties for
the marshal of said District of Columbia, for
the service of process issued by said court.
Sec. 10. Andbeit further enacted, That said
police court shall be provided with a suitable
place for the holding of its sessions at the ex-
pense of the District of Columbia, to be appor-
tioned as provided for in section fourteen of
this act. Said court shall have power to do all
acts which may be necessary to the exercise
ot' its jurisdiction hereby conferred.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
upon the failure of any party appealing from
the judgment of said police court to the crim-
inal court, to enter into recognizance, as pro-
vided for in section eight, he shall be com-
mitted to jail to await his trial upon his appeal,
and said trial shall be had in said criminal
court as though said recognizance had been
entered into. In every ease of appeal the court
below shall send up the information or com-
plaint, filed in the cause, and a copy of the
ieeord of all proceedings duly certihed in the
criminal couit.
Sec. 1 '2. And be it further enacted, That
said police court shall have power to take the
acknowledgment of deeds and to administer
oaths and affirmations to public officers.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
said police court shall have power to make
such rules and regulations as may be deemed
necessary and proper for conducting business
therein. Contempts may be punished by fine
and imprisonment, or by either ; but the fine
shall in no case exceed twenty dollars, nor the
imprisonment be for a longer time than forty-
e!ghf hoiivs.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
salaries of said judge and clerk of the said
police court, the compensation of said deputy
clerk and bailiffs, and the fees of the marshal
of said District, shall be paid quarterly by the
proper authorities of the cities of Washington
and Georgetown and the levy court of the
county of Washington; eighty per centum
thereof to be paid by the city of Washington,
twelve per centum by the city of Georgetown,
and eight per centum by the levy court afore-
said.
Sec. 15. And beit further enacted, That a!!
fines, penalties, costs, and forfeitures imposed
or taxed by said police court shall be collected
by the marshal aforesaid, or by the chief of the
Metropolitan police, as the case may be, on
process ordered by said police court, and by
him paid over to the proper authorities of
said cities and levy court, in the same propor-
tion as aforesaid. But the fines, penalties,
costs, and forfeitures, arising from the viola-
tion of the ordinances of said cities and the acts
of the levy court, shall be paid to the proper
authorities of said jurisdictions, respectively,
wherein the violation was committed.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the attorneys of said cities
and of said levy court or their assistants, to
attend to the prosecution in said police court
of all offenses arising from violations of any
of the ordinances of said cities, or of the acts
of said levy court respectively; and for their
services they shall be paid by their respective
authorities ; and it shall bo the duty of said
cities and of said levy court to levy and col-
lect, yearly such taxes as may be necessary to
defray the expenses incurred under this act.
Sec. 17. And he it further enacted. That it.
shall be file duty of the United States attorney
for the District of Columbia, in person or by
one or more of his assistants or deputies, to
attend to the prosecution in said police couit
of such offenses as have heretofore been cog-
nizable in said criminal court, for which ser-
vice he shall be paid the same fees as are now
allowed for such service in said criminal court,
under the first section of the act of Congress
approved February twenty-six, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three. Hereafter it shall not be
lawful for the Attorney General of the United
States to allow any compensation to the United
States attorney for the said District of Colum-
bia for any permanent assistant or deputy; nor
shall said attorney of the United States for
said District be allowed any sum by the Secre-
tary of the Interior or Attorney General for
his office expenses, clerk hire, fuel, stationery,
or other incidental expenses ; but said attorney
for said District shall hereafter pay to his depu-
ties or assistants not exceeding in all four thou-
sand dollars per annum, also his clerk hire not
exceeding twelve hundred dollars per annum,
office rent, fuel, stationeiy, printing, and other
incidental expenses out of the fees of his office,
taxed and allowed under the provisions of said
first section of said act of February twenty-six,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, which said
fees shall be paid to him quarterly at the Treas-
ury of the United States, on the first tlays of
January, April, July, and October in eac-h year,
upon a return in writing made to the Secretary
of the Treasury in such form as lie shall pre-
scribe, embracing all the fees and emoluments
of his office under the oath of said attorney
for said District and the certificate of a judge
of or justice of the court wherein the services
may have been rendered, that the services for
which said fees are charged have been per-
formed ; and so much of the third section of
said act approved February twenty-sixth, eight-
een hundred and fifty-three, as relates to the
compensation of the United States district
attorneys, and the allowance of their office
expenses, clerk hire, or other incidental ex-
