1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter molion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I submit the
following as a question of privilege:
Resolved, That the room now occupied as the pri-
vate office of the Clerk of tlio House bo assigned to
the Committee on Banking and Currency.
In order that the Clerk of the House may
have an opportunity to be heard on the sub-
ject, I will not ask for its consideration until
to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw it for the present and offer the resolution
to-morrow, as it is a question of privilege and
in order at any time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well, thei).
message j?rom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate of
theUnited States, by Mr. McDoxald, itsChief
Clerk, notifying the House that that body ha'd
passed House bill No. 134, to establish a land
district in Wyoming Territory, and for other
purposes, with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills and joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was asked:
An act (S. No. 83) to define the limits of the
collection district of Teche, in the State of
Louisiana, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 286) to amend existing laws
relating to internal revenue;
An act (S. No. 95) in relation to the Hot
Springs reservation in Arkansas ;
Joint resolution (S. B. No. 74) to extend
the port of entry of the collection district of
New Orleans; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 84) authorizing
the President to strike from the rolls of the
Army the names of certain officers.
tariff.
Mr. DAWES moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the President's annual message.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr.
Kelsey in the chair.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have more
than once endeavored to impress upon Con-
gress the fact that fire is the material force or
nervous power, and iron and steel the muscles
of our more modern civilization. The trip-
hammer, with its wonderful power and more
wonderful precision and delicacy of stroke, has
supplanted the sledge-hammer, and circular
and gang-saws do in a day the work at which
the hand-saw labored for months. Machine
tools, such as lathes, drills, planers, and shaping
machines, impelled like the trip-hammer and
the saws of which J have spoken by the unwea-
rying steam engine, itself a mere embodiment
of coal andiron ore, increase theperfectionand
amount of the artisan's product and relieve him
of the exhausting toil which shortened the life
of his father and made him prematurely old.
Nations, too, are subject to these new con-
ditions. However free their institutions may
be, a people who cannot supply their own
demand for iron and steel, but purchase it from
foreigners beyond seas, are not independent;
nor is their dependence merely commercial;
they are politically dependent; and if the nation
on which they depend for these essential ele-
ments of modern warfare be arrogant and
treacherous, as England proved herself during
our late civil war, they must endure contumely
and outrage with unresisting humility._ Com-
merce and war both demand iron ships ; we
tell the weight of our guns, whether of steel
or iron, by the ton, and that of our steel-pointed
shot by the hundred weight; and while we
depend upon her for the material of which to
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 24.
construct ships, guns, and shot, the statesmen
of England know they can trifla with and post-
pone' the settlement of the Alabama claims.
Able as we were to crush with irresistible power
a gigantic rebellion, they know that until we
shall have furnaces, forges, rolling-mills, ma-
chine-shops, and skilled artisans enough to
produce and fashion a supply of iron and steel
sufficient for our wants in peace' and war, we
cannot engage in war with England because'
we depend on her for these primary essentials
to successful modern warfare.
I am impelled to renew these suggestiohs'by
the report of David A. Wells', esq., Special
Commissioner "of Revenue, which abounds in
propositions inimical to the best interests of the
country", and which if adopted by Congress will
compel us to occupy a subordinate position
among nations, though our population may
equal that of all Europe, as our territory already
does that of the whole family of European
Powers. As I read page after page of this ex-
traordinary paper I became more earnestly
anxious to detect the full force of its sugges-
tions, and, if possible, to divine the motive or
spirit that prompted them. As an expression
of the opinions of Mr. Wells this paper can do
but little harm, but its circulation in Europe
under the sanction of Congress will impair our
credit and arrest the tide of emigration now
flowing in upon ug in unprecedented volume.
It is in the nature of a notice to the capitalists
of Europe that as a people, notwithstanding
the amazing expansion of our country, we are
tending toward bankruptcy; and to the op-
pressed laborers of other lands, that our work-
ing people are becoming not only relatively
but absolutely poorer from' year to year, and
that this is therefore not the country to which
poor but aspiring men should emigrate. It
demonstrates to the satisfaction of Mr. Wells's
admirers and clients that though our wealth
increased during the last decade one hundred
and twentysix per cent., its utmost increase
during this decade can be but sixty-five and
eight hundredthspercent.; and that instead of
the census of 1870 showing, as it is universally
conceded it will, largely over forty-three thou-
sand million dollars, that the grand total can
by no possibility be over $23,400,000,000.
Time will not permit me to point out the
fallacies in this portion of his report, as I would
gladly do; and I proceed at once to invite the
attention of the committee to points which seem
to require more special animadversion. But,
before turning to these, let me request gentle-
men from Massachusetts, Ohio, Indiana, and
New York, if they have not already done so,
to turn to pages 24 et seq., and learn how rap-
idly their respective States are sinking into
poverty, and how'much poorer their people are
per capita than they were in 1860. The sug-
gestion will doubtless surprise them; yetso cun-
ningly does Mr. Wells present it that foreigners
who are not familiar with the truth so patent
to every observer will be deceived by it and
feel they had better—
" Bear those ills they have,
Than fly to others that they know not of."
One of the processes by which Mr. Wells
sustains his theory, though not wanting in
ingenuity, is very simple. It is to assume that
everything is now worth from thirty-five to
thirty-nine per cent, less than it was at the
time with which he proposes his comparison.
We know that wheat and flour and every
variety of cotton and woolen goods are cheaper
now than they were in 1860. But Mr. Wells's
theory is, that as there is a difference in the
market value of gold and greenbacks, commodi-
ties of domestic production ought to be dearer;
and applying this theory to such facts as he
sees fit to present, he assumes that they are,
and so establishes the melancholy warning to
all persons proposing to emigrate that this .is
not the country to which they should come.
No demonstration of the falsity of his theory
or of its absurdity induces him to halt, but in
spite of these he presses onward and applies it
in every case. When examining his last annual
report I confronted, him with the large accu-
mulation of deposits in the savings-banks as
evidence that the workingmen of the country
were not then, as he asserted,'' growing poorer
while the rich were growing richer," and, after
a year's reflection, he answers my array of facts
in this wise:
"Again, the returns of savings-hank's are often re-
ferred'to as showing a highly prosperous condition
of the masses, Properly considered, however, they
indicate a very different state of tilings. Thus, the
first and almost the only fact which attracts the at-
tention of a mere superficial observer in examining
these statistics is a large apparent increase in depos-
its from I860 to 1863 or 1869. But an intelligent ex-
amination will at once show that a very great part
of the apparent accumulation referred to is mere
inflation. For example, let us take the case of Mas-
sachusetts, whero the conditions for increase would
seem to be most favorable:
In 1860 the savings-banks deposits in this State wore,
in round numbers  $45,000,000
In January, 1869, in currency, $95,000,0Q0,
or in gold at 133  71,000,000
Increase in eight years  $26,000,000
or $6,000,000 less than the aggregate deposits of 1860
would have amounted to in the samo time at a com-
pound interest of seven per cent.; or in other words,
the doposits of 1860 were not made good in 1869,with-
out reference to the increase of population, even if
we reckon only their natural increase at compound
interest. It is evident, therefore, that some cause
has eaten into the accumulation which existed eight
years previously, and has occasioned the withdrawal
of a portion of that accumulation."
If this statement be fair the deposits in the
savings-banks of the country fluctuated fearfully
on the 24th of September last, when gold ranged
from 128 to 165 in an hour, and such of the
depositors as were in that end of the New York
gold-room where it was selling at 135 were
vastty richer than those who were at the same
moment in the other end at which Albert Spires
was buying it for J 80. A story told in connec-
tion with Mr. Spires's operations on that occa-
sion seems to me to illustrate the value of Mr.
Well's theory. It is said that a young man
without capital who had found his way to mem-
bership of the gold exchange, but had been
bankrupted even of credit by the operations
of the preceding day or two, stood near Mr.
Spires, and as that gentleman cried "One sixty
for one million," tapped him on the shoulder
and said, "Taken." "Same price for two
millions more," cried Spires. " Taken," said
the young bankrupt; and so until Spires had
bid, and he taken his bids for $13,000,000.
They then separated, and the young bankrupt
drawing aside, with a pencil upon the back of a
letter calculated his profits, and turning to a
friend triumphantly exclaimed, "I have just
made$750,000outofoldSpires." "Why,"said
a by-stander, "you do not expect to get any
of it, do you?" "No; certainly not," said he,
"but, blast him, I thought I would give him
gold enough." This operation between a luna-
tic and a bankrupt, neither of whom owned a
dollar of gold, and by which neither forfeited
a cent, had about as much relation to their
fortunes as the market price of gold has upon
the price of domestic commodities, or deposits
in the "banks to which Mr. Wells applies it.
In further proof of its absurdity I invite at-
tention to the fact that if his theory be correct
the depositors in the savings-banks of Massa-
chusetts have since the preparation of his re-
port, by no effort of their own, without increase
of industry or unusual economy on their part,
but ;by his magic power, acquired more than
$3,000,000, as gold is now not at 133 but at
120; and that they will, if they do not make
haste and withdraw their deposits, and we go
on as we have gone for the last two or three
months under the financial management of
Grant and Boutwell, soon make $15,000,000
more in the same easy, and, I fear, unhallowed
way; for when gold comes to par even Mr.
Wells, with all his ingenious effrontery, will not
deny that having been able to maintain a deposit
of but $45,000,000 in 180(5, they
years become able to maintain one of ^
000, which amount they will be able to drav
