1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4513
minutes after two o'clock to call tlie previous
question, so that this may not run into the sec-
ond morning hour. As far as my time is con-
cerned I will endeavor to distribute it between
' the opponents and fiiends of the measure.
The bill was read. The preamble declares
that whereas the Western Pacific railroad, the
western link in the chain of railroads connect-
ing the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, is now
completed to Oakland, opposite San Francisco,
and it is important that the western terminus
of said railroad should be as near as possible
to San Francisco, and should have sufficient
accommodations for the travel and commerce
passing over said road; therefore the bill goes
on to provide that the island of Yerba Buena,
or Goat Island, in the bay of San Francisco,
California, is hereby granted to the West-
ern Pacific Railroad Company, its successors
and assigns, for a terminus for its railroad,
provided that one half thereof shall be re-
served by the United States for fortifications
and military purposes, to be selected within
six months from the passage of this act, by
or under the authority of the President of
the United States; provided further, (and this
grant is upon the express condition,) that the
Government of the United States hereby re-
serves the free use of any and all other portions
of said island for military purposes during
war; provided further that nothing herein con-
tained shall destroy or impair any lawful or
equitable rights or claims of private parties,
if such exist, to the said island, or any part
thereof. And the said Western Pacific Rail-
road Company are hereby authorized to locate
and construct their railroad and telegraph line
from their present terminus at Oakland to said
island, and there establish the western terminus
of said railroad and telegraph line ; provided
that this extension shall be subject to the char-
ter, laws, and conditions which now govern the
construction and existence of the Western
Pacific railroad; provided further that said
railroad shall reach said island with its track
and occupy its designated portion thereof within
three years from the passage of this act; pro-
vided further that the trestle or pile work over
the channel shall be open work, so as to obstruct
as little as possible the flow of the water, and
shall be constructed under direction of the
engineer department of the United States; pro-
vided further that any and all railroad com-
panies shall have the right to run their cars
from the mainland over the track of the Western
Pacific Railroad Company to said island, under
such rules as to time-tables and other necessary
railroad regulations as shall be prescribed by
the said Western Pacific Railroad Company;
but each company availing itself of this privi-
lege shall first pay to the Western Pacific Rail-
road Company an equal proportion of the cost
of the improvements on said island, and the
expenses incurred in reaching the same from
the main land.
Mr. WHEELER. The grand project of
uniting by iron bands the two great oceans
bounding the Republic is an accomplished fact.
It now remains for us so to utilize this great
work as to secure its full advantages. In cal-
culating the success of the Pacific railroad one
important fact must be constantly kept in mind,
and that is that for the greater part it runs
through a country entirely destitute of popula-
tion, and must depend mainly upon through
travel and traffic for its earnings, until at least
such portions of the country as are available
become settled and developed. This being
conceded, the duty and interest of the Govern-
ment to aid the road to establish through travel
and traffic and to furnish facilities for foreign
commerce must also be conceded. -To accom-
plish these objects the great need to-day of the
Pacific road is a convenient, available term-
inus in the bay of San Francisco, opposite the
city of that name, at which terminus goods
bound East or West, may be transferred di-
rectly from cars to vessels, or vessels to cars,
41st Coxa. 2i> Sbss.—No. 283.
without taking them out of bond, without fre-
quent transhipment, unnecessary delay in hand-
ling, breakage, lighterage, and cartage. To
every one who has personally examined this
road and bay, as I have, this proposition needs
no demonstration. !
The Western Pacific, the last link in the
chain, now terminates at Oakland, opposite the
city of San Francisco, and about eight miles
therefrom. There can be no railway connec-
tion between Oakland and San Francisco ex-
cept by passing around the entire bay, a dis-
tance of one hundred and five miles. At
Oakland the road receives and discharges all
freights and passengers. Adjoining Oakland,
and reaching out from the entire eastern shore
line of the bay a distance of several miles, are
large shoals, which prevent vessels of any con-
siderable draught from approaching the main-
land, and necessitate the lighterage of all
freight going to or from the road, thus imposing
an additional tax upon commerce. Charts be-
fore me from the Coast Survey office, which
gentlemen are invited to examine, show the
existence and position of these shoals.
It is an incontrovertible fact that this road
can never establish its depots upon the Oak-
land shore without greatly delaying, impeding,
and enhancing the taxes upon commerce. To
fill in these shoals and erect upon them the
necessary buildings to accommodate the com-
merce of two continents would involve a labor
and expenditure to which even the men of
iron nerve who have carried this road across
the continent are unequal, and from which they
would shrink.
Whoever has personally inspected the bay
of San Francisco, or carefully examined charts
thereof, cannot fail to see that nature has un-
erringly indicated the terminus of the Pacific
road in that bay. This terminus is Yerba
Buena, or Goat Island, directly opposite San
Francisco, and three and three quarter miles
distant from Oakland. It is approachable at
all stages of water by vessels of the largest
tonnage, and is for the most part a high, rocky
elevation, having, by estimate of the Coast Sur-
vey office, an area of about one hundred and
thirty acres. The bill under consideration
grants one half of this island for a railway
terminus.
And here I diverge for a moment to notice
the statements made in a pamphlet repeatedly
laid upon our desks last winter to show that
this island is individual property. Without
going into this question in detail, it suffices
my present purpose to state that this subject
was carefully considered in I8GG by the late
Secretary of War, Mr. Stanton, and the result
is shown in the following letter addressed to
the President of the United States:
War Department,
Washington City, October 0,1833.
Sib: I have thelionortorequest thatYerbaBuena
Island, may bo designated as an exception to_ the
relinquishment of land to the city of San Francisco,
California, which was authorized by the act of Con-
gress approved July 1, ISIil. The island being of
importance for defensive purposes, has been surveyed
by the Government, and batteries hare been pro-
jected for its occupation. It is the opinion of the
United States district attorney for the northern dis-
trict of Caliiornia, that while the act above cited
transfers Yerba Buena to the city of San Francisco,
it yet clearly gives to the Government the right to
secure tho property and except it from the transfer,
at any time within one year a iter a ccrtam plat shall
have been deposited in the General Land Office, by
the following provision, being part ot the act itself:
"There being excepted from this relinquishment
and grant all sites or oilier parcels ef Janus which
have been, or now7 are, occupied by the United States
for military, naval, or other public uses, or sueu other
sites or parcels as may hereatter be designated by the
President of the United States within one year after
the rendition to the Geneial Land Office oy the sur-
veyor general ot any approved plat, of the. exterior
limits of San Frauei.-co, as recognized in tins section
in connection with tile lines ot the public surveys.
It has been ascertained that tho plat thus referred
to has not as yet been transmitted to ttie General
Land Office.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
EDWIX M. STAXTOX,
;S'eeretanj ot 11 nr.
The President.
Upon the receipt of this letter the President
made the following order :
Executive Mansion,
Wasiiixuton City, October 12, 1886.
Whereas tho island of Yerba Buena, in the Bay of
San Francisco, is needed for defensive purposes, and
has been surveyed by the Government, and batteries
projected and planned for its occupation ;
The within application is approved and referred
to the Secretary of the Interior, with directions to
except and reserve tho island of Yerba Buena, in
the Bay of San Francisco, fiom the relinquishment
and grant to the city of Sa,n Francisco, California,
authorized by the act of Congress approved July 1,
1801, and to designate the said island as so excepted
and reserved; and it is ordered that tho said island
be retained by the United States for military uses.
AHDfibff JOHNSON.
The Government is now in full possession
and control of the island. The memorial of
the alleged individual owners has been fully
considered in the Senate at its present session
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad;
and in a written report drawn by the chair-
man, the honorable Senator Howard, they
thus state their conclusion :
"The committee arc of opinion that this island
belongs exclusively to the United States, and that
there is no legal individualeiaiinintorvening. They
therefore recommcnd that the bill and memorial be
indefinitely postponed."
But, for the purpose of argument, admitting
the existence of private rights, they are fully
protected by that part of this bill which pro-
vides—
That nothing herein contained shall destroy or
impair any lawful or equitable rights or claims of
private parties, if sueli exist, to the said island or
any part thereof.
Let us look at the practical questions in-
volved in this measure. Will this grant con-
flict with any use the Government may desire
to make of the island? The only govern-
mental use must be for military purposes, for
which, as I have just shown, the island was re-
served. To meet this demand the bill reserves
absolutely one half, or sixty acres, (an amount
pronounced by eminent military authority to
be ample,) to be selected by the President of
the United States within six mouths after the
passage of this act. Ill addition the bill re-
serves the free use by tho Government during
war of any and all other portions of the island
for military purposes.
From the conformation of the island and the
situation of the bay the uses of the Govern-
ment and of the railroad cannot possibly con-
flict. The island is longest from east to west,
the western portion pointing toward the Golden
Gate and commanding the entire harbor. Here
would be erected any necessary fortifications.
Vessels cannot lie here in safety, owing to the
heavy seas and tides coming in through the
Gate. The eastern side of the island, fronting
Oakland, is sheltered from these heavy seas and
tides, and here the railroad must locate its
station, grounds, and buildings.
A second practical question is, ought the
road to pay the Government for the portion
of the island taken? The committee think not,
because, independent of the claims of the rail-
road, it is the duty and interest of the Govern-
ment to furnish all necessary facilities for com-
merce. This duty is as strong and binding
toward the harbor of San Francisco as toward
any one of the multitudinous harbors, for the
improvement of which we annually appropriate
from the national Treasury millions of dol-
lars. Indeed, the claims and inducements are
stronger, for the commerce of San Francisco is,
and is to be, largely foreign, yielding a direct
revenue to the Government; whereas many of
the inland harbors improved by us yield not a
dollar of direct revenue. In the absence of
Goat Island, if it were practicable to remove
these shoals, who doubts for a moment that
Government, with a just regard to the wants
of commerce, would make the necessary appro-
priations?
This island, when reached by the railroad,
will answer every demand of a first-class har-
bor for all through commerce passing over
the Pacific road, and that without a dollar of
