1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
Laws of the Unipd States.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
penses, sball not apply hereafter to said attor-
ney for said District of Columbia: Provided,
That the compensation of said district attor-
ney shall not exceed six thousand dollars per
annum.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That
the said attorney of the United States for the
District of Columbia, and every assistant or
deputy by him duly appointed, shall be, and
is hereby, authorized and empowered to ad-
minister oaths or affirmations to witnesses in
criminal cases, and in all cases where a justice
of the peace is authorized to do so ; and if any
person to whom such oath or affirmation may
be administered as aforesaid shall willfully and
falsely swear or affirm touching any matter or
thing material to the poinf"in question whereto
lie or she shall be examined, he or she shall
lie deemed guilty of perjury, and upon convic-
tion thereof shall be sentenced to suffer im-
prisonment and labor in the penitentiary, for
(he first offense for a period not less than two
[n]or more than ten years, and for the second
offense for not less than five [n]or more than
fifteen years.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That no
justice of the peace in said District of Colum-
bia shall hereafter exercise any jurisdiction
over crimes and offenses committed in said
District, either for examination to commit or
hold to bail, or for tinal judgment; except
that any justice of the peace may, on com-
plaint under oath or actual view, issue war-
rants against persons accused of such offenses,
which shall be returnable to the said police
court, and he sball make a record of his pro-
ccedings in every case, in a book to be kept
for that, purpose. And all acts of Congress
authorizing justices of the peace to sit at the
uspeetive station houses to hear charges
ng.iitist persons who may be arrested and ear-
ned thereto, and fixing compensation thereto,
lire hereby repealed.
Seo. 20. And be it further enacted, That the
judges of said police court may examine and
commit, or hold to bail, in all offenses, whether
cognizable in said police court or in the crim-
inal court of said District.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That
hereafter the marshal of the District of Colum-
bia, in all civil cases, may demand and receive
payment of his fees before serving any process
therein, except, in cases in which the United
States may be a party, or of fieri facias, or
where the court or any justice thereof may
order suit to be instituted without prepayment
of costs.
Seo. 22. And be it further enacted, That
this aet shall go into operation within ten days
after the approval by the President; and all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
But the provisions of this act shall in no wise
affect the proceedings in any case pending
in the said criminal court of the District of
Columbia at the time when this act shall take
effect, but the same may be prosecuted to final
judgment and execution the same as if this
act had not been passed.
ArruovED, June 17, 1870.
Chap. CXXXIV.—An Act to Incorporate a
Zoological Society in the City of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
L'onc/rcss assembled, 'Ihat Henry D. Cook,
C,u)vge\\T. Riggs, James C. Kennedy, Spencer
F Baird, General 0. 0. Howard, T. W. Bart-
ley, Joseph Casey, Horace Caproti, James C.
McGuire, and George Taylor, of the city of
Washington, District of Columbia, and their
associates and successors be, and are hereby,
mcorpwated and matie a bodj-cbrpor.ae by
the name of the Washington Zoological Soci-
ety, and by that name may sue and be sued,
plead and be impleaded, in any court of law
or equity of competent jurisdiction, and be
entitled to use and exercise all the powers,
rights, and privileges incident to such corpora-
tions for the purpose of establishing and main-
taining a zoological garden in the city of Wash-
ington, and that they, the said corporators,
may purchase or lease any real or personal
estate required for the purpose aforesaid; and
after the said zoological garden shall be estab-
lished, the said company, for the purpose of
paying the expenses of the same, may charge
and receive a fee of entry thereunto, not ex-
ceeding twenty-five cents for each and every
person over the a.ge of twelve years, and ten
cents for each and every person under said
age: Provided, That said society shall, for at
least one day in each and every week, open
said garden to all classes for a charge not
exceeding ten cents each.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said society may from time to time import into
this country from foreign countries, free of
duty, all birds and animals necessary for the
establishment of said garden; and in considera-
tion thereof the said society shall do all in
their power to introduce valuable animals,
poultry, and birds, and furnish the same to
persons or societies requiring the same at the
least possible cost.
Sec. 3. And be it f urther enacted, That the
said society be, and is hereby, authorized to
use, under the direction of the water register
[registrar] of the city of Washington, without
charge, the Potomac water for the purpose of
hydrants, ponds, and fountains in said garden.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, 'That the
government, and direction of the affairs of said
society shall be invested in said corporators;
and that they sball have full power to make
and prescribe such by-laws, rules, and regula-
tions, as may become proper and necessary
for the management of the property and in-
terests of said society not contrary to this
charter or the laws of the United States.
Sec. 5. And beit f urther enacted, That Con-
gress shall have the right to amend, alter, or
repeal this act at any time.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Ciiap. CXXXV.—An Act to Incorporate an
Association for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That N. P. Chipman, J.
P. Newman, B. Peyton Brown, John A. L.
Morrell, Mathew G. Emery, Joseph H. Brad-
ley, senior, William 11. Woodward, E. Whit-
tlesey, Warren Choale, Andrew B. Duvall, A.
8. Solomons, W. G. Metzerott, Alexander R.
Shepperd, S. J. Bowen, 11. M. Sweeney, Ben-
jamin E. Gittings, William Tucker, Charles II.
Lane, W. Burris, William McPheeters, E. P.
M. Faehtz, J. L. Gatchel, John It. Elvans,
Edgar I. Booraem, L. H. Hopkins, Thomas P.
Keene, W. D. Blackford, F. H. Day, J.Sayles
Brown, William Lar.born, E. L. Corbin, N. A.
West, John II. Arrisoti. W. A. Farlee, Benja-
min P. Fuller, liobert A. Slater, Alonzo Bell,
A. T. Kinney, John J. Jett, A. M. Scott, A.
C. White, A. E. Newton, A. S. Taylor, William
H. Howe, liobert Ileyburn, W. IT. Slater, John
U. Parker," William J. Wilson, S. S. Baker,
A. Jones, S. II. Bond, John F. Cook, D. W.
Anderson, George A. Hall, Charles H.^Moul-
ton, John Edwin Mason, Allison Nailor, junior,
David A. Burr, T. C. Grey, R. Jtl. Marsh,
Thomas Perry, George F. Gulick, and Theo-
dore F. Gatchel, all of the District of Colum-
bia, and such other persons as may be asso-
ciated with them in conformity t<5 this dtt, and
their successors duly chosen, are hereby con-
stituted and created a body-corporate in the
District of Columbia, to be known as the Asso-
ciation lor the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals.
Sec. 2. An$ be it further enacted, That the
officers of said corporation shall consist of
a president, five vice presidents, one secre-
tary, one treasurer, an executive committee
of eleven members, and such other officers as
shall from time to time seem necessary to this
society.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
foregoing officers shall be chosen from among
the members of the society.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
said society, for fixing the terms of admission
of its members, for the government of the
same, for the election, changing, and altering
the officers above named, and for the general
regulation and management of its affairs, shall
have power to form a code of by-laws, not
inconsistent with the laws of the District of
Columbia, or of the United States, which code,
when formed and adopted at a regular meet-
ing, shall, until modified or rescinded, ba
equally binding as this act upon the society,
its officers, and members.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
police force of the District of Columbia shall,
upon application of any member of the'asso-
ciation, who shall have viewed any violation of
the law or ordinances of the city for the pre-
vention of cruelty to animals, arrest, offending
parties without a warrant, who shall be taken
by such police officer before a justice of the
peace for trial; and the proper evidence of
such membership to a police officer shall be
the exhibition of a badge or certificate of mem-
bership.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That one
half of all the fines collected through the instru-
mentality of the society or its agents, for vio-
lations of such laws, shall accrue to the benefit
of said society, and the other half to the school
fund of said city or district in which the offense
is committed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of this act shall be general within
the boundaries of the District of Columbia.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress shall have power to alter, amend, or
repeal this act at any time.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Chap. CXXXVI.—An Act amendatory of Act
approved February fifth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, and Joint Resolution ap-
proved March twenty-ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, relative to Judges and
Commissioners of Election in the Cities of
Washington and Georgetown, District of
Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thatthe actapproved Feb-
ruary fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
entitled " An act to punish illegal voting in
the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses," and joint resolution approved March
twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, entitled a "Joint resolution relative
to the payment of expenses incurred by the
judges of election for the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, District of Columbia,"
be, and the same are hereby, amended so as
to prevent any officer or employ6 of the cor-
poration of said cities of Washington ami
Georgetown from serving either as a judge
or commissioner of election; and no pet-
son who is a candidate for office at the time
shall serve, as judge or commissioner of elec-
tion.
Ai'pedveDj June 21, 1870.
