1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5457
discretion of thoPresident: Provided, That the whole
number on the retired list shall at no time exceed
three hundred.
Skc. 6. And be it further enacted, That the offices
of General and Lieutenant General of the Army
shall continue until a vacancy shall occur in the
same, and no longer; and when such vacancy shall
occur in either of said offices, immediately there-
upon all laws and parts of laws creating said office
shall become inoperative, and shall, by virtue of this
act, from thenceforward be held to be repealed. #
Sec. 7. Atidbe it further enacted, That no appoint-
ment to the grade of major general shall be made
uuui the number of officers of that grade is reduced
below three, after which the number of major gen-
erals shall not exceed three.
Sec. 8. Andbe it jurther enacted. That no appoint-
ment to the grade of brigadier general shall bo made
until the number of officers of that grade is reduccd
below six, after which the number of brigadier gen-
erals shall not cxcecd six.
Skc. 9. And be it further enacted, That the grade of
regimental commissary in the several cavalry regi-
ments is hereby abolished ; and the lieutenants nc*w
holdm, the appointments of regimental commissary
may be a&sigiied tor duty to companies of their regi-
ments, and shall fill the first vacancies that, may
occui m their respective grades ot first or second
lieu tenant in the regiments to which they now belong; j
and nothing herein contained shall affect their rela-
tive rank with other lieutenants of their grade.
Sec. 10. And be it further macted, Thrtt the grades
of roguriMtifji! comin^sary seigennt find regimental
hospital stewaid are hereby abolished. The number
of corporals in each company ot cavalry, artillery,
and infantry shall uo reduced to four; and the said
non-eommis&ioned officers shall have the privilege
of receiving an honorable dischaige, with lull pay
and allowances to the actual date^ thereof, if they
shall feo elect, in preference to remaining in the ser-
vice in such other grades as may be assigned to them
by the Secretary of War.
Sec. 31. Andbe it further enactcd, That the General
ot the Army and commanding officers of the several
military departments of the Army shall, as soon as
practicable alter the passage of this act, torwaid to
the Stererai y of "War a list of otficersserving in their
respective commands deemed by them unlit for the
proper di-chaige or their duties from any cause ex-
cept itijunes in«*uircd or disease contracted in the
hne ot ibeir duiy, setting forth specifically m each
<-".^e the cause ot Fuch unfitness. Tiio Secretary of
War i& hereby authouzed and directed to constitute
a board, to consist of one major general, one brigadier
general, and three colonels, thiee of said officers to
oe selected trom among those appointed to the reg-
uhu Army, on account ot distinguished ser\ices in
the volunteer force during the Lite war, and on rcc-
oinmeiii'alien of such board the Presidtnt shall mus-
ter out of tiie service any of the said olticeis so
reported, with one year's pay. Lac bueh muiter-out
shall not be ordered without allowing such officer a
hearing before such board to show cau- e against it.
Sp.o. 12. Andbe -it fdi ther enacted, That toe President
thereby authorized totran>£ r office* s trom the regi-
ments Ot cavalry, artillery, and mlautry to tho list of
supernumeraries, and all vacancies now existing, or
which maj occur prior to the 1st day oi January next,
in the cavalry, aitiilcry, or infantry, by reason ot
such transfers, or irom other causes, shall be filled in
due proportion by the supernumerary officeis, having
reference to rank, senioiity, and fitness, as provided
in existing law regulating promotions m the Army.
Ana if any supernumerary officers i-hali remain af'.er
the l-l day oi J auuary next they shall be honorably
mustered ^ut of the service with one yea' 's pay and
allowances: Proviifed, That vacancies now existing
in the grade of second i.eu'enaprs, or which ma>
occur prior to said date, may bo titled by the utsi^xi-
ment of tuperuuLicraiy iirst lieutenants or ouicero
of higher grades, who, when so a-:^u;iied,_sUai[ rank,
as second lieutenants, providing f-uch officer shcdl
prefer to be so assigned instead of hemg mu?teied
out under the provisions of this section; and officers
so assigned shall take rank from the datejjt their
original entry into the service: Provided, JSTo chap-
lain be appointed to posts or regiments until those
on waiting orders are assigned.
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That the profess-
ors of the United States Military Academy, whose ser-
vice in the Army and at the Academy exceeds thirty-
five years, shall have the pay of colonel, and those
whotc like service is less than thirty-five, but ex-
ceeds twenty-five years, shall have the pay of lieu-
tenant colonel; and all other professors shall have the
pay of major; and hereaftei there shall be allowed and
paid to said professors ten per cent, of their current,
yearly pay for each and every term of five yeais
continuous service: Provided. That such addition
sh'ill in no case exceed forty per cent, oi said yearly
pay; and said professors are hereby placed upon the
same footing as regards retirement from active ser-
vice as officers of the Army.
Sec. 1-1. And be it further enacted, That the pny ?nd
allowances of the enlisted men of the Army snail re-
main as now fixed by law until the 30th of June, 1871;
and it shall be unlawful for any officer to uso any
<- niisted man a< a servant in any case whatever.
" bee. 1">- And be it further enacted, That section two
ol' the net entitled "Ail act making appropriations
tor Ihcsn.iport ot the Army for the year enrtiilt; .Juno
18:3, ;uid for other purpose;," approved March i,
3.' -.7, 1>>\ and the same is hereby, repealed.
"c •(' ]') Ami he U fuither enactcd, That oil military
in the quprterinasler's and ordnance
.inner Is and ail medical storekeepers snail be
i i'm •< ted out of tlie scrviee on tlieli-t day ot Jauuary
iiexl, <uid >ii,ill receive the additional payand ftllow-
ances piov-s.UV. i;i Ellis act for other otlieers mastered
41st Oonu. 2d Sess,—No. 342.
out ; and the offices of military storekeeper and med-
ical storekeeper shall bo abolished after said date.
SEC. 17. And be it further enacted, That hereafter no
officer shall be entitled to wear any uniform other
than that of his actual rank on account of having
been breveted. Nor shall he be addressed in orders
or official communications by any title other than
that of his actual rank; and in no case shall brevet
rank be construed to be actual rank, or entitle an
officer to any pay, allowances, or assignment to duty
under the same.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, Tnat the Presi-
dent of the United States be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to drop from the rolls of the Army for deser-
tion any officer who is now, or who may hereafter be.
absent from duty three months without leave; and
any officer so dropped shall forfeit all pay and allow-
ances due or to become due, and shall not be eligible
for reappointment.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatno onicer
of the artillery coips below the grade uf iieid officer
shall hereafter be promoted to a higher grade before
having passed a satisfactoiy examination before a
board oi three artillery ofhceis senior to him in rank,
to be appointed by the Secretary of "War.
Sec. 20. And be U ju> tlicr enacted, That it shall not
be lawful lor any officer of the Army of the United
States to hold any civil office, whether by election or
appointment, and any such officer accepting or exer-
cising the functions of a civil oiiice shall at once cease
to bean officer oi the Army, and his commission shall
be vacated thereby.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
this act shall be construed to prevent the assignment
to duty as additional second lieutenants of the grad-
uates of the Military Academy.
Sec. 22. Andbeit jurther enacted, That the Secretary
of War shall prepai e a system or geneial regulations
tor the admiaistiation of the affiirs of thoArmy,
which, when approved by Congress, shall be in force
and obeyed until altered orievoked by the same
authority; and said regulations shall be reported to
Congress at its next session: Provided, That said
regulations shall not be inconsistent with the laws
of the United States.
Sec. ^3. And be zt furthei enact td, That the Seere-
taiies oi War and the Navy be, and tney are hereby,
authorized and directed so to arrange the course of
studies and the older ot recitations at the Military
and Naval Academies that the btu tents in said insti-
tutions will not be required to pursue their studies
on Sunday, nor shall they be required to take part
in drills or parade* on that day.
Sec. 2i. And be it Jurther enacted. That from and
after the passage of this act tne Secretary of War be,
and lie is hereby, authorized to permit on 3 trading
establishment to be maintained at any military post
on the frontier not in the vicinity of any city or town,
when in his judgment such establishment is needed
lor the accommodation of emigrants, freighters, and
other citizens; and the persons to maiutaki such
trading establishments shall be appointed by him:
Provided, Thatsucti traders shall be under protec-
tion and military control as camp-followers. The
joint resolution approved arch 80, 3867, to author-
ize the Commanding General of the Army to permit
traders to remain at certain military posts is hereby
repealed.
hi;c. 25. And be it further enacted, That any retired
ofiicer may on his own application be detailed to serve
a-; profe-sor in any college; but while so serving such
oiheer sh ill be allowed no additional ct mpensation.
Si:c. 26. Andbe it Jurther enacted, That the pay of
the officers ol the Army shall be asiollows: the pay of
the (xenci'c'l shall be $i2,CU)a veur; Lieutenant (■*en-
era I Khali be irlU.lXXJayear; I he pa v ol major general
shall bo!?7,0v0; the pay of brigadier general shall be
^5,000; the pay of colonel shall be the p.cy of
lieutenant colonel shall be £ d,000; the pay uf major
biiall be $2,.ka)U; the pay of captain, mourned, i-hall
bo ^2.000; the pay of captain, not monnleu, shall be
r„l,y00; the p ty ot adjutant shall be olsS()0; the pay
of regimental quartermaster snail be -<1,SU0; the pav
of liisL lieutenant, mounted, shall be k;l,G00: the pay
oihrct lieutenant, not mounted, shall be^l,5U0_, jtiiu
pay of occond lieutenant, mounted, shall be >>I,oOU:
the pay of'sccond lieutenant, not mounted, snali be
t-1,40'1: the pay of chaplain shall bo^l.-itM: the pay
of aid-de-camp to major general shall be per
annum in addition to the pay or bis ransc; the pay
of aid-de-camp to brigadier general shall be $150
per annum in addition to pay of his rank; the pay
of acting assistant commissary shall be $100 in addi-
tion to pay of his rank; and there shall be allowed
and paid to each and every commissioned officer below
the rank of brigadier general, including chaplains
and others having assimilated rank or pay, ten per
cent, of their current yearly pay for each and every
term of five years of continuous service: Provided,
That the total amount of such increase for length of
service shall in no case exceed forty per cent, on the
yearly pay of his grade as established by this act:
And pro aided further. That the pay of a colonel shall
in no case exceed S4.50J per annum, nor the pay of
a lieutenant colonel S-i,0u0 per annum; and these
sums shall be in full of all commutation of quarters,
fuel, forage, servants' wages and clothing, longevity
rations, and all allowances of every name and nature
whatever, and shall be paid monthly by the pay-
master: Prowled, That fuel, quarters, and forage in
kind may be furnished wh*n necessary to olticeis by
the quartermaster's department, _as now allowed oy
law and regulations: And provided Jurther, That'
when any oifi ccr shall travel under orders, and shall
not be furnished transportation by the quarter-
master's department, or mi a conveyance belonging
to or chartered by the United States, no oliail be
allowed ten cents per mile, and no more, for each
mile actually by him traveled under such order, dis-
tances to be calculated according to the nearest post
routes; and no payment shall be made to any officer
except by a paymaster of the Army. Officers retired
from active service shall receive seventy-five per
cent, of the pay of the rank upon which they are
retired.
Seg. 27. Andbe it futher enacted, That every private
soldier and officer who htis served in the Army of
tho United States during the rebellion for ninety
days and remained loyal to the Government, and
every seaman, marine, and officer, or other person,
who has served in the Navy of the United States, or
in the Marine corps or revenue marine, daring the
rebellion for ninety days and remained loyal to the
Government, shall, on payment of the fee or com-
mission to any register or receiver of any land office
required by law, be entitled to enter one quarter
section of land, not mineral, of the alternate re-
served sections of public lands along the lines of
any one of the railroads or other public works in the
United States, wherever public lands have been or
may be granted by acts of Congress, and to receive
a patent therefor, under and by virtue of the pro-
visions of the act to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the public domain, and the acts amendatory
thereof, and on the terms and conditions therein
prescribed; and all the provisions of said acts, ex-
cept Hi herein modified, &ball extend and be appli-
cable to entries under this act; and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Offico is hereby author-
ized to prescribe the necessary rules and regulations
to carry this &cction into effect, and determine all
facts necessary therefor.
Mr. DICIvEY. I desire to explain to the
House that the Committee on Appropriations
have instructed me to substitute forth© Senate
amendments to the Army appropriation bill
the bill approved by this House; that is, to
substitute the report of the committee of con-
ference of the House and Senate adopted by
the House on the bill for the reduction of the
Army, and to adopt that as a substitute for the
Senate amendments to the appropriation bill,
with an additional section which has passed
boih Houses, and which is included in the
Senate amendments, allowing homesteads to
soldiers. I now yield to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. X desire to say just one word.
When the Senate amendments to the Army
appropriation bill were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations there were three
propositions to be considered by the committee.
The first was, whether we should strike off all
the amendments relating to the reorganization
of the Army, and confine this appropriation
bill to its proper sphere, that is, making pro-
vision for the expenditures of the Army. That
was one proposition. The nvxt one was,
whether we could, if we desired to secure a
reorganization of the Army, permit that to be
put on an appiopriation bill in order to secure
its passage and if so. the third Question was,
whether we would take it as it Came from the
Senate or take the report of the comEnitlee of
conference which h?d been submitted to the
House and adopted by a large majority. The
committee were anxious to secure, if possi-
ble, some reduction and reorganization of the
Army and its expenditures, and therefore they
assented to the first proposition and agreed to
ingraft upon the appropriation bill some pro-
vision for the reorganization of the Army.
Under these circumstances, after the dis-
cussions which arose here on the bill presented
from the Committee on Military Affairs cub
initiating in the conference committee's report,
which has been thoroughly explained here and
adopted by a large majority, there was nothing
left for the Committee on Appropriations but
to say that if they agreed to having ingrafted
on the appropriation bill anything like a reor-
ganization of the Army they must take this
conference report
Mr. DJCKKY. I now yield to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs,
[Mr. Logax.]
Mr. LOGAN. I desire, if tli3 House will
give me its attention for a few naoments, to
explain the differences which exist between
the Senate amendments to the Army appropri-
ation bill and the substitute now offered by the
Committee on Appropriations of this House.
It will be recollected that early in tho session
this House passed by almost a unanimous vote
what was known as the bill for the reduction
of the Army. That bill went to the Seriate,
