1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2625
ers, in public and private, and feared that by
theirlawless and disorderly demonstrations they
would beget troobs and riots inthis city, and bring
about collisions that might lead to the most un-
fortunate and fatal results. The conduct of the
white leaders of the colored men in the city and
elsewhere-occasioned more real cause for alarm
and danger than that of anybody else. The
colored people would have conducted them-
selves much better but for the wicked counsel
of their leaders. To this effect is the testi-
mony of Mr. Macon, of General Steadman, and
numerous others, men of the highest standing.
But before I proceed to read any of their testi-
mony I will invite attention to what General A.
L. Lee said on this subject, to show that even
the testimony of a witness called by the op-
posing party does not sustain the position of
my colleague [Mr. Stevenson] in his report.
He was asked this question:
"Question. Youstatedyouhadaconversation with
General Rousseau in which you stated that it was
probable that the Republicans would not consider it
safe to vote on election day, and that he was pleased.
Did he give any advice in relation to Republicans
not voting ?
. "Answer. No, sir; I don't think he did. He said
it was not for him to advise, but he thought it was
the wisest thing they could do."
And then he testified, upon my examination,
as follows:
" Question. Did he frequently indulge in such
advice ? Did he give any advice like that publicly ?
"Answer. X don't think he gave any advice; he
did not to me. When I said they would not vote he
took me by the hand and said, ' It is not a thing for
xne to advise, but I think it is the wisest thing for
you to do. You cannot achieve anything by voting,
any way.'"
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. Has the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kep.r] read all
of that answer?
Mr. KERR. Certainly; I have read all the
answer that General Lee said was made by
General Rousseau, and that is what I set out to
read. I mean the part marked as quoted in
the words of General Rousseau.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. The gen-
tleman has not read all the answer, I think.
Mr. KERR. I do not propose to read the
whole of the testimony of General Lee. The
testimony of numerous witnesses who were in
daily and almost constant fntercourse and as-
sociation with Generals Rousseau, Steadinan,
and Buchanan, and the different officers in
command there, shows that by the uniform
tenor and course of their conversation, their
declared purposes, their wishes, and their in-
tentions, it is impossible that General Rousseau
could have made any statement to this effect,
and much less in words like those. The House
should also remember that at the time this testi-
mony was given General Rousseau was in his
grave, and had no voice by which he could vin-
dicate himself against those aspersions upon
the propriety of his official conduct and actions.
So far as these statements are made by this
witness, and they affect the character and offi-
cial conduct of General Buchanan, the prede-
cessor of General Rousseau—it is also due to
him to say that he was as high-toned and hon-
orable a military officer as ever entered the
service—General Buchanan has most unqual-
ifiedly and emphatically denied their truth,
over his own signature.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Steven-
son] tells us that the Republican party in New
Orleans and in the parish of Orleans did not
vote at that election, and that they did not vote
because they deemed it unsafe to vote, because
they thought itwould be inefficacious for any re-
sults, and might excite riot, turmoil, and blood-
shed. And thereupon my worthy colleague
works himself up into arhapsody of eloquence
over the fear which his political friends felt dur-
ing that campaign in the city of New Orleans,
and he undertakes to make this House believe
that the Democratic leaders there were prepared
under oath to say, and that many of them_ as
witnesses upon the stand in this examination
did swear, that the negroes could not haye
~ " ■ gone to the polls and voted, and that in
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 165.
case of any contest there or attempt by the
.colored people to exercise their legal rights
negroes would have had to go to the wall.
Now, in the sense and for the purpose for
which those remarks were made by my col-
league on the committee [Mr. Stevenson] I
take most direct and palpable issue with him.
I say that no Democrats in this investigation
have sworn that it would not have been safe
for the Republican voters to vote there freely,
peacefully, and without interference. On the
contrary, they have all said—and their testi-
mony is weightier and more valuable in its
intrinsic results and truthfulness than the testi-
mony produced on the other side—that it would
not have been unsafe, dangerous, improper, or
inadvisable for any elector in that city or parish
to go to the polls in a peaceable or orderly
manner and cast his vote as he pleased.
The very contrary is proven to have been
true on the day of the election and for several
days before. It is in evidence that even Dem-
ocrats—and it was an extraordinary thing for
Democrats to do it—actually interested them-
selves to induce Republicans, individually and
collectively, to organize and go to the polls on
the 3d of November, and to give every vote to
which they were entitled, and cast them just as
they pleased. They wanted these people to vote;
they wanted them to show by actually casting
their strength what their strength was; they
wanted to be able to come here and to answer
this cry of intimidation, fraud, and outrage
which they anticipated would be raised for the
purpose of disfranchising them and depriving
them of their representation in this Congress.
Mr. Speaker, it is in proof, and I assert it
as a fact, that before this election day came
round—while the canvass was going on, while
the registration was being perfected in all the
parishes of the State, and before a vote was
cast—it became absolutely certain to all the
well-posted politicians of Louisiana of both
political parties that the Republican party in
that State was defeated before a vote had been
cast. The political organization on each side
was so complete and the poll of the State,
man by man, white and black, was so thorough
and exhaustive that all the well-posted poli-
ticians of the State knew what the result
would be. There were sagacious, cunning
men amon^ the Republican leaders as well as
among the Democratic leaders, and they knew
that the result would inevitably be against
them. They knew that by no possibility at
any fair election could their party secure a
majority of the legal electors in any congres-
sional district in the State of Louisiana.
Let me call attention, Mr. Speaker, to an
impressive collation of figures which will con-
firm what I say. Prior to and as a preparation
for that election the whole registration in the
State embraced 146,398 voters ; and the total
vote cast for President and Vice President was
114,270. Of those, therefore, who did notvete
the number was 32,128 for the entire State of
Louisiana. Conceding now, if gentlemen on
the other side please, that every one of those
non-voting electors would have voted for Grant
and Colfax, their vote would still have been
but 66,428. Seymour and Blair's vote, then,
was, in fact, by the legal returns 79,970, leaving
a clear Democratic majority in the State-at-
large of 13,542.
Now, the rule of law, well established in all
cases of this kind, is that the election shall not
be declared invalid unless the number of voters
excluded by intimidation would have been suf-
ficient, if they had voted, to change the result
of the election. It was in pursuance of this
well-settled principle in the law of the land
that in the joint session of the Senate and the
House in this Hall, when the result of the count
of the electoral votes was declared, the State
of Louisiana was treated as having been one of
the States voting for President and Vice Pres-
ident in 1868. And her votes were counted for
Seymour and Blair. Thus the Congress of the
United States in that solemn manner have
declared and adjudged that election-valid and
legal, and by that decision this House ought
now to hold itself bound.
In this connection, I will make a further
statement, which will not be denied, that dur-
ing this entire campaign, from its inception in
the registration to its close at the polls, every
registration officer in the State and every elec-
tion board was ©onstituted under Republican
authority, was appointed by Republican offi-
cers and under their control, so that it lies
with poor grace in the mouth of that party to
come here now and say that through the agency
of these, their own chosen organs, there was
perpetrated such general, indiscriminate frauds
throughout the State. It is a poor compliment
to their character and conduct. I submit that
these charges approach the absurd. They are
not fit to be believed. They are not sustained
bv the evidence; they are not sustained by any
facts in the general condition of that State.
There is no pretense that there were any fraud-
ulent votes cast, or that any kind of frauds were
committed upon the ballot-box or in the returns
to the injury of the sitting member.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in this connection I want
to invite attention to another matter. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] lays
down in his report aud in his argument a rule
which is alike extraordinary and unprece-
dented. He assumes that it is competent for
the House, where disorder has prevailed in any
parts of a district at er several days before an
election, to reject from its consideration in the
adjudication of a contest all the disorderly parts
of the district and decide the right alone by the
count of the votes in the orderly parts. He
says in his report that—
"The rule applicable is well expressed in the act
of Congress known as the first reconstruction act,
passed March 2,1867, section five, where it is provided
us one of the essentials of a valid election that it shall
appear 'that all the registered and Qualified elect-
ors had an opportunity to vote freely and without
restraint, fear, or the influence of fraud.' "
But there is nothing in this part of the re-
construction law to justify any such construc-
tion of it, if it were in full force to-day. That
law was itself intrinsically vicious, and ought
not to be appealed to for guidance in anything.
But, bad as it was, it gave no countenance to
this theory. The section from which my col-
league quotes, provides:
"Sec. 5. That if according to said returns, the
constitution shall be ratified by a majority of the
registered electors qualified as herein specified, cast
at said election (at least one half of all the registered
voters voting upon the question of sueh ratification,)
the president of the convention shall transmit a copy
of the same, duly certified, to the President of the
United States, who shall forthwith transmit the same
to Congress, if then in session, and if not in session
then immediately upon its next assembling; and if
it.shall, moreover, appear to Congress that the elec-
tion was one at which all the registered and qualified
electors in the State had an opportunity to vote
freely and without restraint, fear, or the influence of
fraud, and if the Congress shall be satisfied that such
constitution meets the approval of a majority of all
the qualified electors in the State, and if the said
constitution shall be declared by Congress to be
in conformity with the provisions of the act to which
this is supplementary, and the other provisions of
said act shall have been complied with, and the said
constitution shall be approved by Congress, the State
shall be declared entitled to representation, and Sen-
ators and Representatives shall be admitted there-
from as therein provided."
Thus it appears that that law directly con-
demns his rule, because it expressly requires
that "at least one half of all the registered
voters shall vote upon the question. But
under this rule the House is asked to reject for
alleged disorder over one half of all the voters
in the district, and to consider only a minority
of the district in deciding the right to the seat.
In other words, by his rule to disfranchise the
majority and permit a minority which has voted
to suit the majority here, to be counted alone
to give them a Representative, to establish tho
vicious and revolutionary doctrine that the
minority shall elect members. If it is com-
petent on this theory to count out just so much
of a district or constituency as may promote
the partisan ends of the majority in this House,
and to say that such parts shall not betaken as
