1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
not examined; and no claim so allowed shall be
paid until the money shall be specifically appropri-
ated by Congress for that purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall I answer the Sen-
ator?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose that the third
section reserves a power equivalent to that
which we have reserved over the Court of
Claims by the provision that as to all judg-
ments exceeding a certain sum the money shall
not be actually paid until Congress so directs.
It is that sort of administration which belongs
to an appellate tribunal having power, error
being pointed out, to reverse a judgment. I
should think that was giving a pretty broad
construction. If a case comes here in which
we are able to discover that a mistake has been
made, that a fraud has been practiced, that
something or other has occurred which takes
it out of the category of contemplated cases,
then and in that event we should have the power j
to say, " No; in this particular case we arrest ■
this judgment, because here is error; this party
was disloyal; here is an error of fact, a fraud,
a surprise, something or other of which a court
of equity would take notice; and we will not
in this case consent that this judgment shall
stand."
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, I will
not have any dispute with my friend from New
York about the interpretation of this bill. The
committee intended to give to Congress pre-
cisely that appellate jurisdiction, or that revis-
ory jurisdiction which it formerly exercised,
not which it exercises now, over the judgments
of the Court of Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I think Congress exer-
cises revisory power now in regard to judgments
over a certain amount.
Mr. HOWE. I was not aware that it had
any such power.
Mt. CONKLING. We passed an act within
a year reserving it, according to my impression.
1 remember certainly that it was proposed.
Mr. HOWE. I was not aware that there was
any such power reserved to Congress now; but
formerly no judgment of the Court of Claims
could be paid until it had been reexamined and
the money appropriated by Congress; and the
committee intended to give Congress the same
control over these judgments and decisions or
allowances of the Quartermaster General.
But now, with regard to claims of this identi-
cal character from every State in the Union
which did not undertake to secede from the
Union, and from the State of Tennessee, which
did undertake to secede, the law is that the
Quartermaster General and the Commissary
General can adjudicate them, and they are paid
out of general appropriations made for that
purpose; and there is no rehearing' here at all;
they are never reexamined, and the evidence is
never sent here. The committee did not see
fit to go as far as that ; but the committee
thought it was important to do two things; first
l.o provide some tribunal in which the nature
and the amount of these claims could be investi-
gated, so that Congress might authoritatively
know what was the extent of our liabilities. It
will be remembered that during a memorable
debate which transpired here a year ago the
amount of these liabilities was estimated all the
way from fifty millions up to fifty thousand mil-
lions, I think. I believe my friend from Califor-
nia stopped at about fifty thousand millions, or
perhaps something less than that. He did not
stop until he had exhausted the enumeration
table, if I remember aright. My estimate dif-
fered very much from his, and I think it will
stand. 1 went to work to ascertain what the
amount of these liabilities is.
Mr. SUMNER. What do you put it at?
Mr. HOWE. It is not worth while for me
to say. Judging from the facts furnished by
the Quartermaster General and the Commissary
General I have no doubt that $5,000,000 will
cover all these claims in all these States. But
I thought, Mr. President, it was of the utmost
importance if we were going to repudiate that
we should, first, above all things, repudiate
a respectable claim in amount, and that we
should not be running away from an ignoble
and inconsiderable claim; that if we were going
to be bankrupts we should be a high style of
bankrupts.
Mr. SUMNER. On a grand scale!
Mr. HOWE. Yes. Another thing: the com-
mittee thought it was important that we should
fix a time within which these claims should be
presented, that we should give notice to all
claimants that they must appear within a given
time. Men are dying, ideas are changing,
witnesses are falling on every side of us, facts
are fading out of the memory of men, and we
can investigate the character of these claims
now better than we can at any later day. The
committee, therefore, thought it was best to
make a statute of limitations and say to the
holders of these claims, "prefer them within
a given time or be foreclosed." These are the
two objects which this bill undertakes to accom-
plish. If my friend from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] thinks that we shall be obliged to pay
these claims just as they are audited by the
Quartermaster General and the Commissary
General he is genius enough to frame an
amendment which will give to the act the con-
struction which the committee meant to give,
and it will save us from that necessity. I invite
him, on behalf of the committee, to offer such
an amendment. I will give it my support; I
am sure the committee will, and then we shall
so end that matter.
Mr. President, one thing more was said by
the Senator from California, and that was that
it is very easy to mistake the loyalty of a man.
We have been mistaken a great many times in
this respect, I know; but after all is it an
honest reason to urge against paying a loyal
man? I know my friend from California means
to be actuated by the best motives. I know
if I presented him \fith a note in which he had
promised to pay me money, he would not get
around it by saying that it is all right, that he
would be glad to pay it, and it was fair that I
should have it, but he did not dare to set the
precedent of paying because some person
might demand money of him whom he had
not promised to pay, and the safest way was
to pay nobody 1 But he does say that it will
not do for us to set the precedent of .paying
our loyal friends, deciding upon the question
of their loyalty ourselves, because if we once
establish such a precedent, by and by we shall
begin to pay them all, whether the claimant
chanced to be loyal or disloyal; that if we
say Brown was loyal, by and by we may be
called upon to say Jones was, and pay him
also. If we reserve to ourselves the right to
discriminate as we please between those who
are and those who are not loyal I think we
ought to be safe with that security, not that
we shall not be fooled sometimes, bat we had
better take our chances. I would not refuse
to step for fear we may stumble sometimes;
we are all likely to do that.
The Senator says that we are liable to make
mistakes as to loyalty, and he illustrates by
referring to that memorable debate on the bill
for the relief of Sue Murphey. He says that
her loyalty was vouched beyond all question,
and yet that in the course of the debate it
turned out that she was disloyal. In that prop-
osition the Senator is mistaken. The com-
mittee did not avow that she was loyal, nor
did they recommend the passage of the bill.
The situation of the lady was presented over
and over again, and the debate originated with-
out any recommendation of the committee.
During the debate the question of her loyalty
was mooted, was doubted, and her loyalty
having been doubted the claim was recom-
mitted ; and upon that question no evidence
has yet been clear. The claim is now before
the committee.
Mr. COLE. I think it is within the recol-
lection of the Senator from Wisconsin that
many Senators vouched for her loyalty on the
floor of the Senate during the discussion. That
is my recollection, though I am not able now
to designate the specific Senators who did it.
Mr. RICE. I have a word to say in regard
to this bill; and first, in regard to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Virginia.
There are cases that will be covered by that
amendment which are very meritorious. To-
ward the close of the war buildings in various
towns where the troops were gathered together
were taken possession of, generally under
contract as-to the rent to be paid, and vouchers
were given for the amount; but owing to an
act of Congress that soon followed those vouch-
ers were never paid, and are still on file in the
War Department, or in the hands of the per-
sons owning the real estate. So far as that
amendment covers that class of cases I think
it ought to be adopted.
As to the bill itself, it is not what the South
would like ; it is not as good, it is not as broad
a measure as we should like to have. It has
guards around it, and too many of them, I
think, as is the case in regard to most of the
provisions for satisfying claims against the
Government, so that it generally takes about
one half or two thirds of the claim to induce
any one to put it through the different Depart-
ments and through Congress. If these guards
were more simple I think it would be better.
But anything that tends in the direction of
settling these accounts is better than to have
no bill at all. We prefer this to having no bill
passed, because it gives the people an oppor-
tunity to perfect their proof and get it before
the Departments in some legal shape, so that
the meritorious men can eventually get their
money. They ought to have as much as any-
body living anywhere else. Their sufferings
certainly have been as great as those of the
citizens of any other section of the country,
and their sufferings were because of their loy-
alty; and therefore what is justly due the in
they ought to have; and they ought to havG the
right now, before the witnesses die or are out
of the way, to make out their proof, to make
it in such shape that in any investigation Con-
gress may hereafter require their proof can be
used to establish their claims. Therefore, so
far as the bill tends in that direction, it is a
good bill, and I am for it, in the absence of
anything else.
Mr. WILSON. I think the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Virginia ought to be
adopted for this reason: I think this question
ought to be settled, and settled as speedily as
possible. It will be a matter of economy to have
these claims settled and settled speedily. I
think myself that it has been a mistake that
they were not settled some time ago and closed;
but it was determined that we would not settle
them until these States were restored to their
practical relations. That workis nearly accom-
plished; and I have entire confidence in leaving
this matter where the bill places it. That con-
fidence is, based on the action of the Quar-
termaster General and the Commissary Gen-
eral. Millions of dollars of claims of this kind
have already been presented, and these officers
have had them carefully scrutinized; at least
four fifths of them have been rejected. Prob-
ably a large mass, perhaps nine tenths of the
claims that have been made and will be made,
are false and never ought to be paid. Still, we
ought to commence this work and make a
thorough examination and close the question,
and close it forever.
I think the Quartermaster General is just the
officer to examine claims for the use of build-
ings, or lands, or anything that concerns real
estate. That matter belongs to the quarter-
master's department of the Army, and may
just as well be examined by the Quartermas-
ter General as claims for quartermasters' stores.
That department ought to be authorized to make
this examination. I think the Quartermaster
General better qualified than anybody else we
can authorize to do it; and it ought to be done
