1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4515
The question was put on the motion to
adjourn ; and there were, on a division—ayes
38, noes 65 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. Tlie gentleman from In-
diana will please repeat the remark he made
before moving that the House adjourn. The
Chair believes that the gentleman is under a
misapprehension as to what will be the effect
of the adjournment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that if the
House adjourns, the pending question being
the consideration of this bill, before the pre-
vious question is seconded, as the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad has its two morning
hours to-day and is not entitled to a morning
hour to-morrow, the effect of the adjournment
will be to postpone the bill indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana is uuder a misapprehension. The com-
mittee is entitled to two morning hours, the
first of which has not yet expired. And inde-
pendently of that consideration this bill would
remain in the morning hour until the end of
the session unless previously disposed of. Any
bill reported regularly from a committee in the
morning hour must hold the morning hour
until it is disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I withdraw my motion
to adjourn. I now move to lay the bill on the
table ; and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes thirty-five ; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—'.yeas 65, nays 99, not voting
66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Amhlcr, Archer, Arnell,
Banks, Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Bird, Burr, Cessna,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Dickinson,Duval,Ela, Eldndge, Finkelnburg,
Fox, Haight, Hambleton, Iiaiaill, Hawkins, Hay,
Holman, Thomas L. Jones. Kerr, Knott, Lawrence,
Lewis, Marshall, MeGrew, MeNeely, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Orth, Packard, Paine, Reeves, Rice,
Scofieid, Shanks, John A. Smith, Stiies, Strader,
Strong, Swann, Sweeney,Tyner, Upson, Van Trump,
CadwaiaderO. Washburn, Weiker, Wells, John T,
Wilson, Wmans, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Axteii, Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bennett. Blair, Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bufhuton, Burchard,
Benjamin F. Butler.Cake,Churchill, William T.Clark,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conger. Covode, Cowles, Cullom,
Dawes, Dixon, Dockory, Dox, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fisher, Filch, Gibson, Gilfiilan, Hamilton,
Hays, IIill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg. Kelsey, Ketcham,
Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Maynard, McCarthy,
MeOrary, MeKee. MeKenzie, Milnes, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore. Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Neglcy, Newsham, Niblack, O'Neill. Palmer, Peck,
Phelps, Poland. Pomeroy, Grosser, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Staikwcaiher, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe,
Tanner, Tillman, Town3end, Twiehell, Van Horn,
Wheeler, Whirmorn. andEugrene M. Wilson—99.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Atwood, Barnum, Ben-
ton, Biggs, Boles, Bowen, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Davis, Degener.
Dickey, Donley, Dyer, Gaifieid, Getz, Griswold,
Haldeman, Hale, Harris, Hawley, Heaton, Heflin,
Hoar, Hoge, Jenekes, AlexauderH. Jones, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Mayham, McCormick, Mercur, Wil-
liam. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Packer,
Perce, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Potter, Randall, Kidg-
way, Rogers, Sanford, Schenck, Schumaker, Sherrod,
Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stone, Taylor, Trimble, Van Auken. Van Wyck,
Voorhees, Wallace, W.nd, William B. Washburn,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, and Witcher—00.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The first morning hour
to which the committee is entitled has expired.
The bill goes over to the second morning hour,
which now begins, at twenty minutes past three
o'clock.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question on the bill
and pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was first on Mr.
Knott's amendment, as follows :
Amend by inserting after the word "assigns," in
line five, the words "upon the payment into the
Treasury ot the United States by said company of
the sum of $2,000,000."
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a question of
order. I think the Chair was evidently under a
misapprehension in determining when the first
morning hour expired. When I gave way to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to
submit a matter which he stated was pressing
for action, it was with the distinct understand-
ingthatthe time occupied by that matter, which
was eight minutes, should not. come out of the
morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the gentleman is
mistaken. The gentleman proposed that ar-
rangement, but no consent was given to it.
TheSPEAKER. Such an arrangementcould
only be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. WHEELER. I made the statement at
the time, that I yielded to the gentleman from
Ohio if unanimous consent should be given that
the time he occupied should not come out of
the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not be
able to enforce an arrangement of that kind
between two members of the House.
Mr. WHEELER. I made no arrangement.
It was an arrangement made by the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] says that he objected.
Mr. WHEELER. I did not hear the gen-
tleman from Indiana say so; and the point I
make is that nobody made any objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. The question was not sub-
mitted to the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York must see that unless a proposition of
that kind was submitted by the Chair it could
not be considered as assented to.
Mr. WHEELER. I acquiesce.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the gentlemau from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Knott.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 76, nays 91, not voting
63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Bunks,
Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird. George M. Brooks, Bur-
chard, Burr, Cleveland, Amasa, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Du-
val, Ela, Eldridge, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fox, Gar-
field, Haight, Hambleton, llamill, Hawkins, Hay,
Ilolman, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr,
Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, Mayham, Me-
Grew, McNeely, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungcn, Nib-
lack, Orth, Packard, Paine, Reeves, Rice, Sanford,
Shanks, Sherrod, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
Stiles, Strader, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor,
Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Weiker. WelU, John T.Wilson, Winans,Win-
chester, Wood, and Woodward—To.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Axteii, Ayer, Bailey, Beaman, Bennett,
Blair, Booker,Boyd, Back, Buckley,Bulfniton, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William
T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Covode, Cowles,
Dixon, D ockery, Donley, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fisher,
Fitch, Gibson, Gilfiilan, Harris, Hays, Hoar, Hooper,
Ilotch kiss, Johnson, ICelley, Kellogg, Kclscy, Ketch-
am, Knapp, Lash, Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Crarv, MeKenzie, Milnes, Eliakim II. Moore, Jesse
H. Moore, Daniel J. Morrell. Negley, Newsham,
O'Neill, Palmer,Peck, Perce. Phelps, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Porter, Proper, Roots, Sargent, Sawyor, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith,
William Smyth. Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Taffe. Tanner, Tillman. Townaend,
Trimble, Twiehell,Van Horn, "William B.Washburn.
Wheeler, Whitinore, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson,
and Witcher—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs Adams, Barnum, Barry.
Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Boles, Bowen, James
Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Sidney
Clarke, Caliom, Davis. Degener, Dox, Dyer, Getz,
Griswold, Haldeinon. ilale. Hamilton, Hawley, Hea-
ton, Ilcflin, Hill, Hoge, Ingtsrsoil, Jenekes, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Laflin, Loughridge, Lynch, McCor-
mick, M^Kee, Mercur, William Moore, Morphis,
Samuel P. Moiull, Myers,Packer,^ Peters, Piatt,
Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace, Ward, Willard, and Wil-
liams—63.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was nextuponthe amendment
offered by Mr. Maystard, as follows:
Amend by adding to the bill the following proviso:
Provided further, That if at any time the wants of
commercc shall require it, upon the direction ot the
President of the United States, the said Western
Pacific Railroad Company shall erect a draw-bridge
over such portion of the channel as the engineer
department of the United States shall direct.
Mr. WHEELER. Iacceptthatamendment,
so far as I have the power to do so.
Mr. ARNELL. I object to the amendment
being accepted ; and desire to have a vote
upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for theyeas and nays
on Mr. Mayxaud's amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 154, nays 3, not voting
73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Atwood, Axteii, Bailey, Binks, Beaman, Beattv,
Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Blair, George M.
Brooks. Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard. Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler. Cake, Calkin, Cessna, William
T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb*
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Courier, Cowles, Cox, Ciebs*
Cullom, Dawes, Dickey, Donley, Dox, Duval, T)yer«
Ela, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch.
Getz, Gilfiilan, Griswold, llaight, Hambleton, Hamill.
Hawkins, Hay, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Keliey,
Kellogg. Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott,
Lallin, Lash, Lawrcnce, Lewis, Logan, Marshall,
Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, Mclvce, MeKenzie, McNeely, Mer-
cur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore,
Moigan, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Negley,
Niblaok, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Pros-
ser, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sher-
rod, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William J.
Smith, William Smyih. Starkweather, Stiles, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland. Strong. Swann,
Sweeney, Taffe. Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Towirsend,
Trimble, Twiehell, Tyner. Upson, Van Horn, Van
Trump, Cadwalader C. Wash burn, William B.
Washburn, Weiker, Wells, Wheeler. Whitmore,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, Win-
chester, Witcher. and Wood—151.
NAYS—Messis. Ayer, Booker, and Sanford—3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ames, Archer.
Armstrong, Barnum, Barry, Bennett, Benton, Biny-
ham. Boles, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks. Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb, Co-
vode, Davis, Dcgoner, Dickinson, Dixon, Dockory,
Eldridge,Farnsworth, Fox, Garfield, Gibson, Halde-
man, llale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley, Hays, I-Ica-
ton, llcfiin, Hoar, Hoge. Ingersoll, Jenukcs, Alexan-
der H. Jones. Loughridgc, Lynch, Jesse 11. Moore,
Morpbis, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Myers, New-
sham, Packcr, Peters, Piatt. Poland, Randall, liido:-
way, Schenck, Schumaker, Scofieid. Shober, Slocum,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone,
Van Auken, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace, Ward,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, and Woodward—<3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the bill and
pending amendments be laid on the table; and
upon that motion I call for theyeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were thirty-seven in
in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the
lost vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 9P>« not voting
Gi; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Banks,
Beatty, Beck, Bigg3, Bingham, Bird, Burchard, Burr,
Cessna, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Dickinson, Donley, Duval, Ela, Ferry, Fin-
kelnburg. Fox, Garfield, Getz, Haight, Hambleton,
Hamill. Hawkins, liay, Holman, Thomas L. Jones,
Judd, Kerr. Knott,Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, Mc-
Cormick, McGrew, McNeely, Mercur, Eliakim H.
Moore, Morgan. Morrissey, Mungen, Orth, Packard,
Paine, Potter, Reeves, Rice, Shanks, John A. Smith,
Stiles. Strader, Strong, Swann, Swocnov, Taj lor,
Tvner, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Weiker, Wells, JohnT. Wilson,Winans, Winchester,
Witcher, Wood, and Woodward—73.
NAYS—Messrs Allison, Amos, Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood,Axteii,Ayer, Bailey, Bariy, Beaman,Benja-
min, Bennett, Blair, Booker, GeorgeM.Brooks,]>nek,
Bucklev, Ballinton, Cake, Churchill, William T.
Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Covode, Dawes
Dixon, Dox, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fisher,
Fitch, Gibson, Gilfiilan, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, Hill.
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Julian, ICelley, Ivol-
logc, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Logan,
MeCaithy, MeKenzie, Milnes, Jesse H.Moore, Dan-
iel J. Morrell, Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Pernor,
Peck, Perco, Phelps,Poland, Pomeroy, Portei, Pres-
sor, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer. Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Shober, Joseph b. Smith,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stokes Stoughton, Strickland, Tafle, Tanner, III -
man, Townsend, Trimble, Twiehell, Van Hfim. jj..
liam B. Washburn, Wheeler, Wlatmore, Wilkmsun.
and Eugene M. Wilson—93.
NOT voting—Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Benton,
Boles, Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Burdett, Bert-
