1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an
the dove. It is plausible in its minute classi-
fication. It would, had it been honestly
named, have been entitled a bill to prohibit the
manufacture of steel in the United States.
It is, however, entitled " A bill to amend an
act entitled 1 An act to increase duties on im-
ports, and for otberpurposes,' " approved June
30,1884." It furnished Mr. Wells his schedule;
and that gentlemen may see how completely
he has adopted it, how entirely his views on
this important subject are in accord with those
of the steel monopolists of England, whose
interest it is to hold us in commercial and
maritime dependence, I will ask the reporters
to put the two schedules in parallel columns.
It is, perhaps, due to Mr. Wells, in this con-
nection, that I should mention the fact that he
so far exercised his own judgment in making
this recommendation as to modify two or three
unimportant rates and to change the order from
that in which the items stand in the bill; and
that to malce the comparison easy for the read-
ers of the Globe, I have arranged them in the
order chosen by Mr. Wells:
Walk's schedule. Sheffield bill.
On scrap steel, i cent On scrap steel,
per pound. _ _ _ per pound.
On blister steel in bars
broken up for melting, 1 i
cents per pound.
On German steel in
bars, 2 cents per pound.
On shear steel in bars,
2J cents per pound.
On cast-steel ingots and
on all rough, and unfin-
ished castings in steel, 1
cent per pound.
On castings in steel,
drilled, bored, or ham-
mered cold, 1? cents per
pound.
On cast-steel in bars, 21
cents per pound.
Oncastor German steel
in plates to 16 wire gauge,
inclusive, 2 cents per
pound; from 17 to 24, H-J
cents per pound; above
24. 3 cents per pound.
On cast or German steel
in form of wire and sheets
which are drawn or rolled
cold to 16 wire gauge, 3
cents per pound.
Thinner than 16 wire
gauge, 3i cents per pound.
cent
On blister steel in bars
broken up for melting, li-
cents per pound.
On German steel in
bars. 2 cents per pound.
On shear steel in bars,
2j cents per pound.
On cast-steel ingots, 1
cent per pound.
On castings in steel with
holes drilled or bored,
hammered or turned or
planed in parts, but in no
cane hammered or worked
hot, cents per pound.
On cast-steel in bars, 2i
cents per pound.
On cast or German steel
in sheets or plates to Wo.
23 wire gauge, 2} cents
per pound.
On east or German steel
in form of wire or strips
which are drawn orrollcd
cold to 16 wire gauge. 3
cents per pound.
When drawn or rolled
smaller than 16 wire
gauge,cents per pound.
On cast-steel tires for
rolling - stock for rail-
roads, 2 cents per pound.
On east-steel straight-
axles, piston, connect-
ing and coupling - rods,
crank - pins, slide-bars,
and general forgings to
pattern only, li cents per
pound.
If forged to shape and
rough-turned or planed.
14- cents per pound.
If iinished ready for
use, 2 cents per pound.
On cast-steel crank-
shafts, if forged to shape
only, lr cents per pound.
On cast-steel crank
shafts, if forged to shape,
rough - turned, planed,
and slotted, 14 cents per
pound.
On cast - steel crank
shafts, if forged to shape,
finished ready for use, 21
cents per pound.
On cast-steel rails, 1
cent per pound.
On steel or manufac-
tures of steel, not other-
wise provided for, 21- cents
per pound.
It will be observed that the for.egoing sched-
ules are, as I intimated, not absolutely iden-
tical, but they are 3o nearly so as to prevent
Mr. Wells from denying that they sprang from
the same brain and pleading the possibility of
coincidence—I do not say the probability, but
the possibility of coincidence—on so many
points of rate and general and technical
phraseology. And it will be further noticed
that where the slightest departure in rate occurs
in any one item, as is the case in two or three
unimportant instances, it is immediately com-
On cast-steel tires for
rolling-stock for rail-
roads, 2 cents per pound.
On cast-steel straight
axles, shafts, piston-rods,
and general forgings to
pattern,lcent per pound.
Do. do. rough-turned,
li cents per pound.
Do. do. finished ready
for use, 2 cents per pound.
On cast-steel crank
axles forged to shape,
only It cents per pound.
On cast - steel cranlc
axles, forged to shape,
rough - turned, planed,
and slotted, li cents per
pound.
Do. do. finished ready
for use, 2 cents per pound.
On cast-steel rails, H
cents per pound.
On steel not otherwise
provided for, 2 cents per
pound.
pensated for in the next item by a correspond-
ing change the other way. Thus, Mr. Wells is
more generous to his countrymen in the matter
of Bessemer rails than their Sheffield rival
would be. He proposes to kill them instantly
by putting the sate at one cent a pound; while
Mr. Wells is willing to give them breathing time
in which to put their houses in order by letting
them die slowly at one and a half cent. And
in the next item the Englishman proves the
more generous; for be proposes two and a half
cents on all steel and manufactures of steel not
provided for, and Mr. Wells would crush his
countrymen instantly by making the duty on
those articles but two cents.
I cannot leave this branch of the subject
without saying that I believe gentlemen gen-
erally who compare these schedules will agree
with me in thinking that Mr. Wells's Sheffield
employers have treated him badly, scurvily.
Having induced him to father their project, so
prejudicial to his country and so destructive to
the business of many_ of his countrymen, they
violated faith with him when they made their
paternity of the scheme known by sending a
copy of the bill to official quarters in this coun-
try in advance of the publication of his report.
PIG-IRON'.
With all the zeal of a new convert or coun-
sel laboring to'secure a contingent fee, Mr.
Wells applies his assumption that a protective
duty is necessarily a tax on the consumer to
pig-iron, and by the plausibility of his argu-
ment would make innocent and inexperienced
people believe that he really hoped to secure
cheap pig-iron by reducing the duty on that
article from nine dollars a ton to three dollars.
Could he close our steel works, as the accept-
ance of the Sheffield schedule recommended by
him would do in three mouths, and arrest the
progress we are making in the increased pro-
duction of pig-iron, he would do more to retard
the progress of his country toward commercial
prosperity and national supremacy than Davis,
Lee, and all the heads of the rebellion accom-
plished. I cannot conceive the single cause
that would do more to depress and impoverish
our people and retard the growth of our coun-
try than the sudden prostration of these great
interests at a time when the English or con-
tinental manufacturer will purchase none of
our grain for which he has to pay a penny in
advance of the price for which he can buy
from the peasants of Austria and Russia.
But this recommendation with reference to
pig-iron is consistent with the rest of the report,
throughout which the desire is manifest to make
the United States as commercially dependent
on and tributary to England as though they
were still part of her North American colonies.
He cites pig-iron, coal, salt, and lumber as
illustrations of a class of cases where excessive
and unnecessary duties have been imposed and
maintained "with a view of enhancing the cost
of articles indispensable to many other branches
of production"; and elsewhere says that the
only reply offered to his assaults upon this great
and essential interest "is that a continuance
of the present duty on pig-iron is necessary to
insure employment to American labor."
I pause to notice his assertion, that Con-
gress in the midst of a great war imposed un-
necessary exactions in order to increase the
cost of an article so essential as iron to the
life of the nation, simply to remark that such
an intimation is worthy the man who can sap
and mine the great interests of his country as
Commissioner Wells is doing. The present
duty on pig-iron was imposed for two pur-
poses, both of which were patriotic. The first
was to raise additional revenue, and the other
to stimulate the conversion of ore, coal, and
limestone, of which in almost every part of the
country we have inexhaustible supplies, into a
material the increased production of which
was a prerequisite to the general extension of
our industries and the maintenance of the
dignity and rights of the nation, which were
then being violated by the armed cruisers of
the country to which we looked for a supply
of pig-iron and Bessemer rails. And, sir, I
am happy in being able to show that it has
accomplished both these objects, and that if
permitted to stand for five years it will, while
contributing largely to the reduction of our debt,
insure us not only a home supply of pig-iron,
but such, ample means of producing it as will
enable us to enter the markets of the world in
competition with England.
What has it done as a revenue measure?
During the year that ended on the 30th of June,
1868, we derived from this duty $1,011,109 96;
in the suceediug year, closing on the 30th of
June, 1869, $1,199,762 55; and in the current
fiscal year will give us a still larger income, with-
out in the slightest degree impairing the revenue
derived from our consumption of foreign iron in
more advanced condition. This is shown by
the following statement of the quantities of the
various kinds of iron and steel exported from
Great Britain to the United States during the
ten months ending October 31, of the years
1868-69, in tons of 2,000 pounds:
1868. 1869.
Iron, pig and puddled    84,061 132,491
Iron, bar, angle, bolt, and rod  38,200 51,738
Iron, railroad, of all sorts 255,462 294,368
Iron castings  1,213 1,677
Iron hoops, sheets, and boiler plates, 15,999 31,292
Iron, wrought, of all sorts  4,020 7,364
Total 399,458 518,930
Steel, unwrought  14,847 15,612
Has not the duty of nine dollars per ton on
pig-iron been eminently successful as a revenue
measure? Ithinkithas; but its most abundant
success has been in its power to increase the
supply, improve the quality, and lessen the
cost of domestic pig-iron. The Commissioner
raises no question as to the relative quality of
British ana American iron, and does not, as I
remember, state the quantity of our annual
production, except that in one of his hypo-
thetical calculations of the values realized from
different departments of industry, to state
which he was required to assume some quan-
tity, ho places the annual product for 1869 at
1,725,000 tons, or just about 175,000 tons below
the ascertained production of that year. That
the average quality of American pig, bar, and
railroad iron is superior to the average of the
same descriptions of English iron is an almost
universally-conceded fact; but to blazon this
to the world would not serve the interest of the
Commissioner's British friends, and heis there-
fore silent upon this aspect of the question also.
He tells us with much elaboration what he has
been told has been the cost of production per
ton at several points in this country,* and the
*This portion of tho Commissioner's report has
elicited the following memorial:
To the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled:
In the Into report of Hon. David A. Wells, Special
Commissioner of the Revenue, the following para-
graph apccars:
" In the valley of the Cumberland and in tho an-
thracite districts of Pennsylvania, and at Scranton,
the Commissioner is informed by those conversant
with the business that the average cost of manufac
turo in the case of furnaces favorably situated, under
good management and with coal at ordinary prices,
is not in excess of from twenty-four to twenty-six
dollars per ton, and in some instances is much less
than this figure. These estimates, furthermore, it
should be observed, include a liberal interest on the
capital invested, which is turnedon an average from
two to three times per annum."
Your memorialists, representing thirty-seven fur-
naces in the Lehigh, Schuylkill, and Susquehanna
regions, producing annually in the aggregate. over
270,000 tons of pig-iron, respectfully express their be-
lief, based upon personal knowledge, that the abovfe
statement of tho Commissioner will befound upon a
critical examination erroneous, and if accepted by
Congress a most dangerousguide to legislation. Upon
the authority of our personal knowledge we beg leave
to state that the average cost per ton at the furnaces
wo represent, exclusive of any interest on capital
and the expenses of moving product .from tae iur-
naces, in the year 1868 was $29I6£, and in tie first six
months of 1869, $29 63; while we believe the cost toi
the last six months will not materially vary there-
from, these prices being the average cost of the
