1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
two, page 519, minority report adopted by the
House. In the first-mentioned case the com-
mittee say:
"We have now to consider the question whether
the election is void by reason of riot and intimida-
tion. The specification is, that in all the wards bands
of men conspired to exclude and obstruct legal voters
who intended to vote for the contestant, and did, in
fact, assemble at and near the voting places armed,
and by threats intimidated, and by violcncc ob-
structed and drove away thousands of legal voters,
and deterred many from approaching the polls.
"That statement, considered as an allegation of
facts, woich, if proved, avoid the election in point
of law, is wholly insufficient. Itnowhereinakesthe
formal allegation that the law requires; either that
the election was arrested and broken up in every
ward, or that so many individuals were excluded by
violence and intimidation as would, if allowed to
vote, have given the contestant the majority. Either
of those grounds if stated and proved would have
been in law decisive of the case; but neither is stated
in the specification, and neither is proved by the
evidence.
The case attempted to be made is one wholly dif-
ferent from either, and wholly unknown in the an-
nals of election law. It assumes that an election is
necessarily void at which 2,000 voters are prevented
by violence or threats of violence from voting, though
the election was never arrested, and though 20,000
may have been cast, and all for one candidate, which
is absurd.
"It is therefore apparent that there is no case
stated to avoid either the whole election or any part
of it. It is notstated that the combination anywhere
arrested the election, nor anywhere made such a dis-
play of force as ought to have intimidated men of
ordinary firmness."
In the case of Preston vs. Harris the com-
mittee express similar views, and say:
"The committee refer here to the law upon the
subject of election riots. The only cases in which
elections have been set aside for this cause are when
there was riot at the polls or such tumult as inter-
fered with the election and prevented an ascertain-
ment of the result.
" Now, it is very clear from the evidence that no
such condition of things existed in the case under
consideration. At every one of the polling places
in the district of the sitting member the election
was uninterrupted; the votes were all quietly can-
vassed; the judges signed the returos; they were
transmitted, as the law requires, to the Governor ot
the State; the Governor made proclamation of the
result and transmitted to the sitting member a cer-
tificate of his due election."
In the case of dements, of Tennessee, the
committee say:
" The committee are also satisfied that on the day
of election there was no armed rebel, force present
in this district preventing or restraining the voters
from the exercise of the elective franchise, and tliat
though a violent and bitter public sentiment ex-
isted, calculated to overawe and intimidate, yet the
rebel forces had not up to that time so taken posses-
sion of the district as to prevent such voters as chose
to do so from depositing their rotes for a Repre-
sentative in this Congress."
Notwithstanding this state of things the
committee in their report, which was approved
by the House, came to the conclusion "that
on the day of election no armed force pre-
vented any considerable number of voters in
any part of said district from going to the
polls/' and thereupon they sustained the valid-
ity of the election.
In the case of Bruce vs. Loan the minority
of" the committee, whose report was adopted
by the House, say:
" The undersigned trust that the presence in a few
of the precincts in this seventh district ot Missouri oi
a few loyal State troops, acting under the orders ot
the State authorities, in guarding the polls will not
be considered more dangerous to the free exercise
of the elective franchise than was m Tennessee the
presence of rebels in arms."
It will be observed that these several eases
were founded on allegations of riot, violence,
public disorder, intimidation, and^ interfer-
ence with voters on the day of election and at
the polls, and it was sought in each case to
void the election in whole or in part; but the
committee and the House, finding that the
proceedings at the election were not inter-
rupted, and the result had been duly ascer-
tained, declared the election in each case valid,
thus sustaining the rule aforesaid; and yet,
with these former decisions by the committee
and the House before them, and directly in
point of the case now under consideration, the
majority of the committee report that, because
of riot and disturbance of the public peace,
not on the day of election and at the polls, but
several days before the election, during the.
political campaign in the eity of New Orleans,
the election in the five wards aforesaid should
be considered void, and that too, not because
the proceedings at the election were inter-
rupted or the result not ascertainable, but
because a large number of Republican electors
pretended that they could not vote with per-
sonal safety, notwithstanding on the day of
the election no violence, threats, nor intimida-
tion operated to give even color to such pre-
tense.
As my colleague has well said, the popula-
tion of New Orleans and other parts of this
district is peculiar; like every other community
in this country or in any other country it is in
many respects peculiar. It has its own indi-
viduality, its own characteristics, its own way
of conducting political campaigns. Bat I have
failed to discover that these facts are to be re-
membered as crimes against those people, or
as depriving them of any rights. They are a
proud, high-spirited, brave, and generous peo-
ple, and whatever peculiarities of disposition
or temper they may possess which are not in
themselves wrong, and theirs are not, ought to
be considered as mitigating, not as aggravating,
anything that happened during or characterized
the conduct of that election.
Making due allowance for all these facts and
considerations, I say, Mr. Speaker, and I say
it with entire confidence, that in the city of
New Orleans and parish of Jefferson, preced-
ing that election, there did not exist such an
extraordinary or unprecedented condition of
confusion and disorder as can at all justify the
rejection of their votes. It was substantially
what under the circumstances might have been
expected by reasonable men, and was in great
5art the logical and bitter fruit of your own
awless policy of reconstruction. But it was
in fact not so great a condition of confusion
and lawlessness as characterized elections in
many parts of this country during the reign of
Know-Nothingism. It did not approximate in
bitterness and intensity of political feeling and
violence of political conduct and demonstration
what prevailed in Baltimore, or New Orleans,
or Louisville in 1855 and 1856 ; yet from each
of those sections there eame to this Hall mem-
bers claiming to be admitted to seats here who
had been chosen to seats in Congress by the
direct aid of the violence and outrages of that
order. Need I call the attention of members
upon this floor to the fact that one of the most
intellectual and able men who ever held a seat
in this House, Henry Winter Davis, was elected
in the midst of that confusion and revolution
by the people of Baltimore ; and the same thing
was true of several other gentlemen, and yet
every one of them was admitted tohis seat here.
It is further established law in this country,
sustained alike by reason, legislative prece-
dents, and judicail decisions, that whatever of
violence shall be relied upon to defeat an elec-
tion and to justify the electors in staying away
from the polls and not discharging their duty
as citizens shall take place and exist on the
very day of the election. Not a week, or any
length of time before the election; but it must
be a present and absolute, an imminent and
potential danger that the individual electors
cannot overcome after a reasonable and fair
attempt so to do. Yet in this case, when the
Republican leaders of Louisiana, and espe-
cially of the parishes of Orleans and J efferson,
had been convinced by the facts elicited by the
registration that they were defeated at any
then they determined, in a spirit of cowardly
betrayal of their colored followers, that they
would advise them not to vote. My colleague
[Mr. Stevenson] states in his report that they
did so advise them, and he now justifies them
in so doing. 1 say to the House and to the
country that that conduct is cowardly. It was
not justified by the condition of things which
prevailed; it was not justified by the conduct
of the Democratic party.
It is alleged that there was disorder and out-
ragQ in the parish of Jefferson. There was
some lawlessness in that parish, and it resulted
in two or three deaths and a felv-personal out-
rages. But most of the personal wrongs and
encounters had no connection with the polit-
ical canvass. They were such as too often
spring up in all parts of the country, and espe-
cially in the southern States, where bvyonr
wicked policy the foundations of society nave
been so much disturbed. The government you
have forced upon those people is unworthy the
respect or confidence of good men, because it
is meanly partisan, intensely selfish, uniformly
proscriptive toward the best citizens, oppressive
in its exactions,and scandalously corrupt,venal,
and extravagant. It is also administered often
in a mean spirit, and often by the vilest and
worst of men. A very great part of all the trouble
in Louisiana arose out of these facts, and the
bad conduct and unjust measures of the Repub-
lican party and officers. This is true of the
troubles in Jefferson parish. The Republican
party, for partisan reasons, attempted to set
aside and supersede the rightful local author-
ities and municipal officers and police, and to
substitute usurped authority and incompetent
and offensive officers. Hence arose some col-
lisions. They at length got into the courts and
finally into the supreme court, a Republican
tribunal, and by the unanimous judgment of
that court the conduct of Governor Warmoth
and the Republican party in that matter _was
judicially condemned and the old authorities
sustained. To these conditions may be cred-
ited much of the disordeisin that parish.
The same thing is true of New Orleans in a
great measure, and out of it grew many of the
troubles there and some of the collisions and
bloodshed. There was a state of general dis-
quiet, with occasional riotous conduct and dem-
onstrations for a few days during the canvass,
in which generally both parties were more or
less to blame ; and it is true of all the general
disturbances in that city, that they were begot-
ten and promoted by the indiscreet or wicked
conduct of bad men or reckless men in both
parties. The perverse and partisan folly of
the Republican State authorities in forcing an
utterly inefficient, undisciplined, and in great
part colored police organization upon the city,
gave almost universal dissatisfaction to people
of all classes, and offered security neither to
the persons nor property of the people. It was
confessed by men of both parties, as the testi-
mony shows, to be wholly unfit and incompe-
tent to maintain order, and by most it is con-
ceded to have been one of the most efficient
causes of trouble and disorder. The white
citizens felt no security under it and believed
it was organized in a merely partisan spirit.
Out of these complications arose one of the
most serious disturbances that disgraced the
city.
As to the others, they were of such a char-
acter, so confused and indistinct in their origin
and progress, that no human sagacity or in-
quiry can with confidence or certainty fix their
responsibility either upon parties or individ-
uals. It is safe and distinctly just to say that
the entire blame cannot, as to any one of the
general disturbances, be charged to any par-
ticular party. The conduct of the leaders of
the Republican party in their secret meetings
with the colored men, in their lodges and
leagues, was inflammatory and calculated to
lead to trouble. The colored people in their
political demonstrations on the streets were
much more disorderly generally, and J?ore
noisy and ungovernable than the whites. Then
tliey were generally followed in their public
displays by vast numbers of their women ana
children, giving additional occasion, by crowd-
ing up the streets and sidewalks, for difficulties
and collisions. Out of these circumstances
also arose troubles of an individual charac-
ter, sometimes excited by a word, a rude
jostle, or an impudent act. So these troubles
arose, and it is impressively unjust for my col-
league to so far forget the facts and testimony
as to charge them to either party. The truth
