1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5459
Senate appointed to confer with us, they, after
an interval of five or six weeks, take up the
subject and adopt such a concern as this. Ican-
not denominate it by any other name. To
send such a measure to us is, I think, tamper-
ing with this body. I would rather have no
bill at all than this which they have sent to us,
being a double concern which no man can
understand.
If the Senate cannot consent to take the
measure now reported by the Committee on
Appropriations, then let there be a conference
committee that will agree to something which
will be respectable and do some credit to the
parties making it, which will show some knowl-
edge of the subject legislated upon. I have no
ambition, except to secure the adoption of a
measure which shall be. consistent and intelli-
gible, which Congress and the country can
understand. I have stated the differences be-
tween the two bills. I hope the House will
adopt this report of the Committee on Appro-
piiations with the same unanimity with which
it stood by the report of the committee of con-
ference 011 the Army bill. If the Senate choose
to take the responsibility of defeating this meas-
ure, let them do so.
If the report of the conference committee on
the Army bill had been agreed to by the Sen-
ate it would have reduced the expenses of the
Army more than four million dollars per an-
num. The only reduction in the measure the
Senate has sent to us is a reduction by muster-
ing out, private soldiers, and in no other way.
I ask the House to agree to this amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations,
so that if the Senate does not agree to it we
may have another conference committee, and
get, if possible, a bill which will be at least
intelligible.
Mr. DICKEY. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van Wyck.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, I regret
an attempt should be made to place upon this
appropriation bill a measure for the reorgan-
ization of the Army. I think we had better
let (he Senate stand upon its own action, and
not attempt to force or dragoon a coordinate
branch of the Government into the support
of any measure which it disapproves. If I
understand the difference between the House
and Senate it is particularly in reference to
the salary of a few of the highest ollieers of
the Army; and I submit to the House whether,
for the sake of reducing their pay, it is proper
to insist on placing this measure upon the
appropriation bill; whether for the sake of
carrying out the views which, I admit, have
been strongly enforced by the majority here,
we shall produce this look between the two
Houses.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is mistaken ;
that is not the material point of difference at
all. He is very much mistaken. The differ-
ence on the pay bill is this, as 1 have staled :
not as to the amount, but as to the manner,
because the Senate bill provides for the pay-
ment of one half by commutation and the other
lialf by fixed salary. To that we object.
But that is not all. The difference is also in
reference to the manner of the muster-out of
officers, the muster-out of storekeepers, and an
additional lieutenant to each company, and so
on. There are several material points of differ-
ence.
The gentleman from New York is very much
mistaken, and if the gentleman undertakes to
insinuate to this House that I on account of
the pay of one or two officers have defeated
a gxeat measure, he insinuates that which he is
not justified in doing from anything in my con-
duct heretofore or from my conduct at this
time; for, sir, I say to this House that that is
not the great point of difference. I would pre-
fer to-day that you should put any amountyou
have a mind to in this bill as paid to these
men, so that we should have salaries fixed by
law instead of leaving these officers to be paid
by commutation. When that is done we will
then know what we are doing. It is not as
the gentleman states it, and any insinuation of
that kind against me is unfounded and ungen-
erous.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I have made no insin-
uation against any member of this House, nor
against the House itself; and I am surprised
that the gentleman from Illinois should for a
moment suppose I was reflecting on his con-
duct, much less his motives. But he must
allow members to differ with him in opinion
without supposing1 'insinuations'' are intended.
I rose, Mr. Speaker, to state what I did, and
I think the gentleman's explanation has sus-
tained me in the assertion, that the groat point
of difference was as to the amount of pay to be
given to certain officers. If not, why is it pro-
posed to commence pay from colonel down
with one kind of compensation, and from col-
onel up with another, except it be that the
Senate desires certain officers of the Army shall
retain the same amount of compensation and
salary which the present law gives them, and
the House are determined to reduce it? If I
understand the gentleman from Illinois, there
must be some reason for this discrimination.
Plainly, then, the difference between the two
branches is, one wishes to retain the present
pay while the other wishes to reduce it; and
in saying that I reflect neither on the motives
of the chairman of the committee on Military
Affairs, nor on the motives of any other mem-
ber of this House.
Mr. Speaker, I merely rose at this time to
enter my protest against any effort to reduce
the pay of any Army officer. I merely wish to
place myself on the record on this subject, so
that there shall be at least one voice in this
body beseeching that the sin of national ingrat-
itude may not be crystalized in a legislative
enactment toward some of the greatest mili-'
tary heroes whose deeds have illustrated and
adorned, and will for the ages to come, the
pages of our own and all nations where the
contest for human rights and universal liberty
is read, admired, and sought to be imitated.
I do not desire any change. Some days ago,
when there was an effort to do justice to our
soldiers by equalizing the bounty, the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
DawesJ figured on paper how much it would
cost, while the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] tells us that the Treasury is full to
overflowing, and is searching diligently for ways
and means to reduce the revenues. When a
proposition was asked to increase the pensions
of widows and orphans, to whom we give
scarcely a pittance to sustain life, we were
met with the amount it would take from the
Treasury.
To what better uses can the money collected
from the nation be expended than doing jus-
tice to the soldiers who fought our battles,
doing justice, and thereby gladdening the hearts
of the widows and orphans of those who lie
buried in the moat and under the fortress wall.
There was a time when such questions did not
agitate the American Congress. It was not
after the disastrous day of Bull Itun; it was
notwhen your Army was falling in the svvamps
of the Chickahominy, and were perishing in
the everglades s>nd bayous of the South; not
when, amid shot and shell, they trampled the
rebel banner under foot, and threw out in vic-
tory the starry flag far above the clouds on
Lookout mountain ; not when they circled the
hosts of treason with a line of fire at Atlanta;
not when they heroically marched to death in
the Wilderness. No, sir; no expert arithme-
tician then stopped to figure the cost of war.
This body was then full of promises of rewaid
for the living, gratitude and competence for
the families of those who fell. Alas, how has
that promise been kept? Ask the soldier who
lives to die by degrees on his crutches. Ask
the widow and orphan who eat the bread of
poverty because the father and husband now
fill a soldier's grave, who feel the stings of pov-
erty more keenly because the national promise
has not been kept; who moisten the humble
meal with bitter tears, bitterer by reason of
the neglect and forgetfulness of the nation
which owes them so much. Sir, this House
mistakes. The people ask for no such unjust
and illiberal policy. Such economy will'blast
and impoverish a nation. You are liberal in
giving millions of acres of the public domain
to a few wealthy corporations, valuable fran-
chises which add to the well-filled coffers .of
those now rolling in riches.
The people want reform and economy, but
not here. They ask us to interpose no misei-'s
plea when the crippled soldier, the widow and
orphan, ask for bread. They are not begging
you to reduce the pay of the Army from the
rates heretofore fixed. To monster corpora-
tions and men sitting in the vestibule of the
Capitol, already gorged with plunder, we show
the spendthrift's reckless extravagance ; while
toward those to whom we are indebted for the
life of the nation—ail that we have and are—
we reckon to the last farthing, and grudgingly
count dollars where they lavishly gave com-
forts, home, and blood.
■ Now we are asked to reduce the pay of a few
general officers in the Army, and we are told
the precise amount which would be saved to
the Treasury. Did any one think of that when
Sherman cut loose from his base to make his
march from Atlanta to the sea? Did any one
think of that when Sheridan in the Valley
rushed against the tide of defeat and rolled it
back in waves of victory ? Did any one then
suppose that in a few short years the American
Congress would be locked, one striving to de-
feat the other in an attempt to reduce their
pay? Were the Senate asking an increase the
case would be different, but they only desire
there shall be no reduction.
No, sir, let us wait a little longer ; death is
fast leveling down one and another of the gal-
lant men whom your economy strikes.
Since this day's session commenced, in the
meridian of his days, in the full flush of health,
in a moment, literally in the "twinkling of an
eye," in the midst oi'his fame and usefulness,
Admiral Dahlgren has been gathered to his
fathers. At this time how forcibly am f
reminded of the last conversation I had with him
in his own house at the navy-yard. He was
talking of this very atlenipton the part of Con-
gress to strike at the old otficers in the Army
and Navy anu to reduce the pay. lie alluded
to the fact that when the war commenced,
although he had been many years in the ser-
vice, he gathered the savings of those many
j ears to leave for his family should he be slain
in war. Anditwasbut a few hundred dollars,
lie also spoke of Captain Williams, who might
have saved his life but would not, m the heioic
chivalry of a noble nature, preferring to go
down with his ship and perish in the same
waters with bis crew, adding another to the
many inspiring deeds of that. Navy, which,
though young in years, can challenge in daring
exploits and individual heroism the oldest navy
of the world. He gave to our flag what money
could not buy; yet Congress hesitated over a
few dollars to his family, and this very day,
he said, officers of the Navy are giving from
their salaries their mite to the necessities of
Catitam Williams's orphans.
Admiial Dahlgren said after all it was not
the amount that Congress reduced thyir pay,
but the consciousnebs that a great nation not
only were willing to forget those who had
borne the flag in battle, but grudgingly awaided
their compensation. And as I bade iiirri good
by on the door-stone he gathered around him
his sweet, smiling children, yet in the prattle
of infancy, he said, us a tear started from his
eye, " It is not a pleasant reflection that these
little ones may be one day as were the orphans
of Captain Williams, receiving charities of
others than olhcers in the Navy.'' lie little
thought a few more lisings and settings of the
sun, and he too would ''take his chamber iu
the silent halls of death," that his spirit would
