2628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
is, the blame was general, mutual, and often
equal, and they afford no excuse in fact, rea-
son, or law for the conduct of the Republicans
on the day of the election.
But, Mr. Speaker, in addition to these facts
it ought never to be forgotten that there were
many electors there who did not want to vote,
and many Republicans who did not want to
vote the Republican ticket because they did
notliketlie Republican candidates. They were
discontented with the Republican organization;
they were not satisfied that it had at heart the
welfare or the interest either of the community
at large, or even of the Republican party.
So far as this is true it ought not to be held
by this House that the sitting member is en-
titled to count as having voted for him, or as
those wlio would have voted for him, men who
did not want to vote for him. I hope I may
have the attention of members while I read a
few short extracts from the evidence.
I will first read from the testimony of Alex-
ander Walker. He is a man of great intelli-
gence and large influence in the city of Nov/
Orleans, and is the chief editor of the New
Orleans Times, a leading newspaper of that,
city. It was not distinctly a Democratic paper,
but during that campaign it was in the interest
of the Democratic party. The following is his
testimony:
"Question. Bo you know, or did you ovor know,
any causo that would prevent any doctor from going
to the polls on that day and voting in safety, accord-
ing to his sentiments?
"Answer. I saw none in the world. I frequently
met Republican gentlemen, with many of whom 1
am acquainted, and they concurred with me in that
idea. X remember on the day of elcotion mooting
lir. J. M. U. Parker, and calling his attention to the
fact that his party was not voting. lie said that ho
had voted, but that Warmoth and his gang had a
game to play, and had kept their party from going
to the polls. XIo himself, a week before, had bot
with a Domocrat that the Radical party would not
poll 500 vote4* in the city of Now Orleans.
"Question. State wfcotheryouloiowanyrcason why
Republicans did not vote more numorously on that
day?
"Answer. I know of no reason except this doelared
policy, that by abstaining from voting tlicy wouid
furnish some confirmation of that general assertion
that the colored pcoplo were menaced. It was dis-
tinctly announced to me, as a part of their policy,
when they found that tho registration w against
them, to keep the negroes from going to tho polls.
Tn fact, the organ bftlie colored people (I mean tho
NewOrleans Tribune) eamo eut and denounced Gov-
ernor Warmoth aud his party for using thoir influ-
ence for that purpose."
Some persons were sent before our commit-
tee to testify who were of the African race.
They were not called by me; and I will do the
chairman of the special committee [Mr. Ste-
vensoj.*] the justice to say that they were not
called by him. I believe they were sent to him
with the request that they should be examined;
they were sent by some Republican organiza-
tion in the city of New Orleans, the name of
which I do not now remember. Butitia enough
for me to say that they were men of the highest
respectability of their class, and hadgreatinflu-
ence, and some of them were men of wealth,
of large business capacity and of large and
extended business relations. One of them was
named L. A. Rodriguez, an intelligent man
and a Republican member of the reconstruc-
tion constitutional convention in 18G7-68. In
answer to questions by my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Stevexson] Rodriguez testified as
follows:
" To Mr. Sravenbost :
"Ireside in New Orleans. X was born here. Iam
forty-two years of ago, and have lived here all my
life. I was in the war, In the Federal Army. I
was in this city during the last presidential canvass.
I did not vote. I belong to the Radical party. I
did not vote because X knew that we could not elect
Grant. I had seen it announced in tho Republican
newspaper that there would not be any voto cast by
the Republicans, aud that tho Republicans should
keep away from the pells; and I knew very well that
thero would not be enough votes polled to elect
Grant here. I had seen it from the beginning of the
canvass. There was ho can vass for tyrant, and there
was no determination to elect him. Thero was no
effort made to elect him, and I knew that my voto
would be a last one.
" Question. What did the Republican newspaper
say? , „
"Answer. For thefepeople to keep away from the
polls, and not to vote, as far as I recollect, I do not
reoolloct the number of the paper that stated so;
but it was reported among all my friends, who said
that they were not going to voto because tho Repub-
licans would not vote, and thero was no use in a few
going to vote; so I had no interest in going to vote.
I was confident that we oould not eloot Grant. That
was the reason that induccd me not to vote.
" Question. Bid you have any apprehensions of
danger to yourself?
"Anmer. Not the loast in the world. 1 was out
on the day of oleotion. I wont to several of tho
polls just to see if everybody could voto. X saw
there was but a partial, slim voto; so I did not voto
at all.
" Question. Wero the white Republicans of tho city
under any apprehension ?
"Answer. I do not know. I cannot say.
" Question. Do you know whether tho froodmcn
wero under any apprehension V
" Anmer. Not that X know of. Evory one with
whom I conversed was of tho same opinion with
me; that Grant was going to be beaten in this State,
and that it was no use in our taking any interest in
tho canvass. We wero certain that tho northorn
people would elect him.
"Question. To urhat class of citizons do you
belong?
*" Aimocr. I am a colored man. I was born freo.
I am an hereditary freeman. My parents w.oro free.
I had no slave ancestors at all that I know of. I
am only a fourth African and three fourths French.
" Question. Was thero not some rioting hero?
" Answer. Y es; there wero two or three riots.
Thero was one about five or six or ton daysprevious
to tho oloction.
"Question. Do you think that it would have been
practicable for the Republicans generally, of all
classes, to have gone to tho polls on election day
ancl voted peaceably?
"Answer. Ihavo good reason to supposeso.becauso
many did vote. Several told me that morning that
they had he en to tho pollsand voted freoly, andthat
no ono said anything to thorn. For my part, I knew
that X was as safe in voting that day as any other
day. Tho reason why I did not vote was as I told
you. and my frionds wore of tho same opinion—X
mean those whom I associated with—men of all
colors. My associations aro white and black and
yellow, aud all colors.
Then, in answer to some inquiries put by
me, he testified as follows;
" Question. Did you go about the oity much on the
day of the Novombor election?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I was at several of tho polls
that day.
"Question. Did you sco anything which rendered
it unsafe for mod of any color or politics to go and
vote freely?
"Answer. No, sir; not anything at all.
" Question. Why was it that colored men did not
generally voto on that day? Do you know any other
causo than tho one you have mentioned?
"Answer. From what I could find out they wero
taught in all tho clubs not to vote; that that was
the best, way; that tho oloction would bo contested,
and that thero was a hotter chance of gotting in by
contesting the election than by running any risk of
getting beaten. They wero told that that would be
better than to try to win tho race.
"Question. Was there any attempt mado to carry
tho election by the Republicans for any of tho lower
candidates?
"Answer. I heard that several of the candidates
went out into the districts and tried to carry tho
olection thoro. I know of several meetings in the
districts where tho members ran, but I never took
any interest in thom, bccauso I did not favor the
gentlemen who wanted to represent us."
Here is a leading Republican; a man of
recognized influence among his race; a man
as white apparently as any one_ of us here,
though he lias African blood in his veins. He
said he did not vote because ho did not like
their candidates. He further testified :
"Question. State now whether your people wero
satisfied with the candidates of your party who wero
running for Congress at that oloction.
"Answer. No. sir; tho honest men of the party
whom X conversed with did not believe in them, i
very seldom camo across a man who whs not against
those Representatives, except in tho lower class of
people who knew nothing about them, and who
probably would be for them; but every man who
knows thom personally is opposed to thom.
"Question. To whom do you refer as candidates?
"Answer. To Mr. Sypher and Mr. Sheldon. I
know that they aro strongly opposed by tho people
here who know them."
And what I now say relates to the Hots
which prevailed in the city of New Orleans,
and which fact was called out by the chairman
of the select committee:
"Question. It was just a day of general alarm and
disturbance ?
"Answer. Yes; I always had it in my own opinion
that that riot was exclusively for one thing ; that it
was on account of the police."
The Republican party had taken charge of
the city of New Orleans; had turned out the
old, experienced, and competent police force
of white men who could maintain order there
against all persons, and had organized a new,
inexperienced, offensive, and odious police
force, consisting in great part of negroes
wham the people did not respect, did not fear,
whom the people hated, and whom they knew
to be cowards. These disturbances grew out
of the appointment of this partisan police, as
this colored witness testifies.
Mr. Rodriguez further testified:
" Question, You wore not pleased with the nom-
inees for Congress?
" -Answer. No, sir.
" Question. And you aro still not pleased with tho
arrangement of tho Republican party?
" Answer. Not with tho way it is managed, becauso
it is not managed by men whom I would like to see
manage it. I would like to see a nice organization,
but I do not liko to seo this ring. I do not like to see
nei sons working not for the party, but for a ring.
This we always opposed, because wo think it will
break up tho whole party and disgust tho people
with it, j ust as it is doing to-day.
" Question. What is the namo of your club?
" Answer. Tho Equal Rights Republican Commit-
tee.
" Question. That committee is composed princi-
pally of persons of your own way of thinking ?
" Answer. -We want to have ns many honest men
to cooperate with the honest Republicans of tho
North as may bo possible.
" Question. I mean that you are dissatisfied with
the present management of tho Republican party?
"Answer. Yes, sir; with the management of the
State party hero. Everybody who knows it has the
same view.
" Question. You are one of tho witnesses whom tho
committee has subpenaed at the request of that
club ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; I am."
Ill view of such testimony as this from the
citizens of the sitting member's own district,
with what justice can. the House count such
votes for him?
I have not time to read further from the tes-
timony of this witness. I will only state that
there were three other witnesses, colored men,
of like character and like' relations' to the
colored population, who testified to the same
effect.. Tlieir names were R. Mary, A. Dumas,
and Dr. Itoudeney, the latter being one of the
proprietors of the colored Republican paper in
New Orleans, the Tribune. They testified to
the same effect. They were men of influence
and high standing; one of them was worth
over half a million dollars, one of the most
respectable men in the city of New Orleans.
Another of thein, Mr. Mary, during the last six
weeks has been mado the Republican candi-
date for mayor of the city of New Orleans.
Thus it is shown, beyond all controversy,
that the Republican party were npt satisfied
with their leaders, and their candidates for
Representatives here, and did not want to voto
for them ; that if the election bad been ever so
free, without any intimidation or hinderance,
hundreds and hundreds of good and true Re-
publicans either would not have voted at all,
or would have voted against those candidates.
For that reason, again I say it is impossible,
by any process of figures into which any man
can enter, to show that Mr. Sheldon ever did
or ever could have obtained an actual major-
ity of the legal voters of the second congres-
sional district of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I am not willing to take my seat
without replying to another point made by my
colleague on the committee. In speaking of
the general condition of riot and disorder that
pervaded the Stato of Louisiana he refers, as
if to characterize the whole State as being iu
the same condition, to a certain riot that sprung
up at one time during that campaign, about six
weeks before the election, in the parish of St.
Landry and in the vicinity of the town of Ope-
lousas. Now, the gentleman will not question
the truth of what I say when I tell him and the
House that upon his own theory of this invest-
igation the leader in that riot, the man who
aboveall othersineitedifcj conductedit, directed
its infamies, so far as infamies were committed
there, was one James M. Thompson, Colonel
Thompson they call him; and the witnesses
produced by my colleague on the committee
referred uniformly to this Thompson as the
. leader of that riot, the leader of the outlaws iu
