6*70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[.T-ino 24,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
eighth volume of said Opinions, published by
Robert Farnham, ia the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, which volumes shall contain
proper head-notes, a complete and full index,
and such foot-notes as the Attorney General
may approve. Such volumes shall be distrib-
uted in such manner as the Attorney General
may from time to time prescribe.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That
this act shall take effect and be in force from
and after the first day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy.
Appboveb, June 22, 1870.
Chap. CLI.—An Act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a .Register to the
Schooner "Cavallo Marino."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep ■
resentativesof the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to issue a regis-
ter to the schooner "Cavallo Marino," a vessel
now lying in the harbor of Indianola, Texas,
and owned by Samuel Marx.
Approved, June 22t 1870.
Ciup. CLII.—An Act to Incorporate the
National Mutual Life Assurance Associa-
tion of Washington, D. C.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House Rep-
resentative* of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Almon M. Clapp,
Ezra B. French, Stephen J. W. Tabor, II. B.
Donaldson, William A. Richardson, Jedediah
H. Baxter, James M. Austin, Henry P. II.
Bromwell, Aaron 1<\ Randall, John Jl. Thomp-
son, Dolson B. Searle, Joseph 1<\ Evans,
Thomas L. Tullock, Amos L. Merriman, Ed-
ward Downey, L. M. Sanders, J. \V. Grilfiri,
John W. Boteler, George S. Montrouse, Wil-
liam Wilkinson, James O. Conner, and B. B.
L'Vench, and their successors, are constituted a
body-corporate, by the name of "The National
Life Assurance and Trust Association," and
by that name may sue and be sued, plead and
be impleaded, have a common seal, and have
ill the rights, privileges, and immunities neces-
sary for the purposesof the corporation hereby
created: Provided, That the said company
shall be limited to the Distric'. of Columbia in
die transaction of its business, and shall not
istablish any agency in any Slate except in
pursuance of the laws of said State.
Siiu. 2. And be U further enacted, That the
sorporatiou above named shall, within one
fear after the passage of this act, meet and
elect such officers as may be necessary to per-
fect tlieorganization, and thereupon, or as soon
thereafter us may be practicable, shall open
Books for the enrollment of members.
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted. That the
objects of this association shall be the mutual
insurance of the lives of the members, and the
investment of premiums in trust for the benefit
sf the person paying the same, or some other
person designated by him, upon the endow-
ment plan. At any meeting of the incorpor-
ators, or aihajority of them, they may prescribe
Such rules and by-laws for the government of
theirassoeiation, and the transaction of its busi-
ness, fix such rates of insurance and premium?,
and provide for the payment of losses, in such
manner as may be necessary to carry into effec t
the objects of the incorporation : Provided,
That such rules and by-laws shall not conflict
ivith the Constitution of the United States, nor
with any laws in force within the District of
Columbia; which rules and by-laws maybe
ihanged at any regular meeting of the board
af trustees of the association by a majority vote
Df the members of such board present.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it
iball be lawful for the said association to pur-
:hase, hold, and convey real estate, as follows :
tot, such as shall be requisite for the imme-
diate accommodation of its business; or, sec-
ond, such as shall have been mortgaged to it in
good faith by way of security for loans pre-
viously contracted, for money due ; or, third,
such as shall have been conveyed to it in satis-
faction of debts previously contracted in the
course of its dealings; or, fourth, such as shall
have been purchased at sales npon judgments,
decrees, or mortgages obtained or made for
such debts.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
number of trustees to manage the business of
said corporation shall be twenty, a majority
of whom shall be residents of the District of
Columbia; and the first board shall be elected
from among the corporators herein named,
and any vacancy existing or occurring by death,
resignation, or otherwise, in said office of trus-
tees, shall be filled by ballot at such time as the
by-laws shall prescribe; and that said trustees
shall elect one of their uumber to be the presi-
dent of the said board, who shall also be the
pi-esident of said association, and shall elect
two of their number as vice presidents, one of
their number as secretary, and one of their
number as treasurer of the same.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
president, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer,
and the subordinate officers and agents of the
association shall respectively give such security
for their fidelity and good conduct as the board
of trustees may from time to time require, and
the board shall fix the salaries of such officers
and agents.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLIII.—An Act to authorize the Settle-
ment of the Accounts of Officers of the Army
and Navy.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized, in the settlement of the
accounts of disbursing officers of the War and
Navy Departments aiising since the commence-
ment of the rebellion, and prior to the twentieth
day of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
to allow such credits for oyer-payments, and
for losses of funds, vouchers, and property, as
they may deem just and reasonable, when rec-
ommended under authority of the Secretaries
of War and Navy, by the heads of the military
and naval bureaus to which such accounts
respectively pertain.
Sbc. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
accounts of military and naval officers, whether
of the line or staff, for Government property
charged to them, may be closed by the proper
accoun ting officers whenever, in their judgment,
it will be for the interest of the United States
so to do: Provided, That such accounts origin-
ated prior to the twentieth day of August, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six: Provided, That no
settlement shall be made by the officers of the
Treasury under this act which shall exceed
the sum of five thousand dollars, and only of
such officers of the Army and Navy and of the
pay department in whose accounts there is no
apparent fraud against the United States: And
provided further, That this act shall remain in
force for two years from and after its passage
and no longer.
Approved, J\me 23, 1870.
Chap. CLXIV.— An Act to pay Loyal Citizens
in the States lately in Rebellion for Services
in taking the United States Census of eighteen
hundred and sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hotise of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A merica in
Congress assembled, That the claims of loyal
citizens in the States of Alabama, Arkansas,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, aud Virginia,
for services rendered as United States mar-
shals and their assistants in taking the eighth
census in the year eighteen hundred and sixty,
may be paid out of any unexpended balance
of any moneys hitherto appropriated for the
payment of United States marshals and their
assistants for services rendered in taking the
eighth census in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty : Provided, That no money shall be paid
on account of any such claim until proof, satis-
factory to the Secretary of the Interior, of the
loyalty to the United States throughout the
late rebellion of the person by whom said ser-
vice is alleged k> have been performed, shall
have been furnished, among which proofs shall
be the oath of the person alleged to have per-
formed the said service, if such person be liv-
ing : Provided, That satisfactory evidence shall
be submitted to the proper accounting officers
that the claimants under this act have never
received compensation for their services from
any source whatever.
Approved, June 24, 1870.
Chap. CLXV.—An Act to amend an Act
Incorporating the National Junction Rail-
way Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the second section of
" an act to incorporate the National Junction
Railroad Company," approved March twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred aud sixty-nine, be
so amended that the said corporation be,
and is hereby, authorized and empowered to
survey, locate, lay out, construct, collect toils
upon, maintain, and enjoy a railroad line, with
appurtenances and machinery necessaiy for one
or more tracks, within the District of Colum-
bia, either upon the route specified in said sec-
tion, or in the following manner, to wit: com-
mencing at the northern terminus of the Aque-
duct bridge, in the city of Georgetown ; thence
in an easterly or northeasterly direction, by
the most feasible route, to Rock creek ; thence
along said creek, or parallel thereto, to its
junction with the Potomac river ; thence along
said river bank, or parallel thereto, to the foot
of Twenty-sixth street of Washington cily ;
thence on the south side of the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal, to its terminus ; thence by the most
directand eligible route,southerly of and avoid-
ing the public grounds, to the intersection of
Virginia avenue and South Capitol street, con-
forming to the grade of such streets and ave-
nues as the road may pass over ; thence to the
eastern branch of the I'otomac river, at or near
the navy-yard, at a point to be indicated by the
Secretary ofthe Navy. Together with a branch
road from the main line, commencing at the
intersection of Virginia and Delaware avenues ;
thence to a point on First street east, on city
grade; thence under said street, by an under-
ground excavation or tunnel, to a junction of
the Metropolitan and Washington branch of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroads. Also the
privilege of location and construction of an
union depot on the main line of said road ; the
power to condemn ground for the location of
the same, granted in the seventh section of
said act, being hereby restricted to two acres
in area. Also a depot at some convenient
point in Georgetown near the aqueduct.
Sec. 2. Aud be it farther enacted, That
whenever the said railroad shall cross the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal, or the Washing-
ton canal, or branches or connections of either
of them, such bridges shall be constructed by
said railroad company so as not to impede or
obstruct the navigation of said canals or either
of their branches.
_ Sec. 3. And.be it further cnacted, That the
right of way hereby granted shall be so located
as to coincide with the grade of any railroad
