1684
THE CONORESSlON A l, GLOBE.
March 4
-J
I ten say that the honorable chairman of thd
Committee on Claims Would be better able to
answer it than myself. I have no doubt; how-
ever, that they took it for granted, on a certain
description of evidence before them, that she
was a very loyal young lady. That, however,
turned out in the end to be a very great mis-
take. She was the reverse of that. The com-
mittee have that proof now in their possession.
Mr.CONKLING. ThecaseofSueMurphey
is so recent that every Senator here then must
remember that for days the battle for Miss Sue
Murphey was waged, everybody assuming her
loyalty; and when a letter was sent to the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] drawing it seriously in question, and
he caused it to be read, there was not only a
sensation, but, I am historically right when I
say, an indignant sensation toward the writer
of that letter very generally in the Senate, so
far beyond question up to that time had the i
loyalty of Miss Sue Murphey been placed. j
Mr. SUMNER. And one of the Senators I
from Alabama made haste to vindicate it. >
Mr. CONKLING. So my recollection is;
and that was, as the Senate will remember, in i
the very last of a long debate. Now, Mr. Pres- |
ident, that fact is valuable, as the Senator from S
Oregon suggests, when weconsider these words, ■
to which 1 beg to ask the attention of the Sen- '
ate. Onlyloyal people are to be paid; andlook ;
at the measure of loyalty: !
No claim shall bo allowed except for property I
properly designated as quartermasters' stores, of ;
which the United States has had the use, nor unless ,
due proof shall be presented of such conduct or of !
such speech of the party from whom such stores were
taken or received as shall establish the fact of his
loyalty during the late rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Why, sir, it was in former times, it was for
a thousand years a rule that a patty could not
prove his own declarations in his own behalf.
But here is a measure by virtue of which a
party maycome ex parft into court, come with
no citation to his adversary, and make proof
of what he himself has said, and thereby estab-
lish one of the substantive facts of his case 1
As I said, I did not rise to debate this prop-
osition at length. I will not do so. I leave
it by saying that, if it is to be adopted by the
Senate, we ought to look in the face the fact
that we are inaugurating a proceeding to be
carried on in the interests of claimants against
the Government of the United States, with no
provision for the protection or vindication of
the Government. We ought to look in the face
the fact that the test) the discrimination hinted
at of disloyalty is to be a mere snare and a
delusion. The easiest, the most formal, most
matter-of-course part of all this proof will be
the proof of such conduct or speech of the
claimant as establishes loyalty* We ought also
to look in the face the fact that we are waiving,
once for all, that question which, as fkr as it
has been decided up to this time, in either
Honse of Congress, has been decided adversely
to claimants of this sort, namely, the question
in general terms whether, during a war such
as the one from which we have just emerged,
the individual loyalty of a claimant domiciled
in the hostile country, gives to him a right
against this Government. For one, I am pre-
pared to accept, neither t>f these three incidents
ofthe bill; and certainly, whatever the machin-
ery may be, I am not prepared without delib-
eration to waive the question whether upon any
presentation of facts the Government is liable.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I take it for
granted that al some time we snail examine
and adjust these claims from the lately disloyal
section of the country. It may be that I am
mistaken in this; but I have no doubt of it.
I did believe when the war closed that the
wisest thing the Government could do would
be to have an immediate examination; that the
claims were smaller then than they would be
at any other time. I have no doubt that mil-
lions have been added to tfaem within the last
two or three years. So believing, I reported
a bill two or three years ago dividing the coun-
try into localities, and appointing a commis-
sion to go on the ground and make the exam-
ination, make it thoroughly, and report the
results to Congress; bat it was thought best to
do nothing of the kind until after these States
should be restored to representation. That
work i3 done substantially; and now it is
simply proposed by this measure to extend the
same policy over these States that we extended
over the loyal States and over the State of
Tennessee.
I am for the examination now for the sake
of the Treasury of the country, and I want to
do justice to really loyal men who have suf-
fered. I think they have a claim upon our
Government. I think they had a claim to its
protection, and as the Government could not
protect them I think they have a claim for what
they furnished to their country in the hour of
! its trial. I have no sympathy whatever, and
i shall not have any, with any attempt of any-
body whose loyalty to this country was doubtful.
One reason I am for the bill, and for the
! amendment of the Senator from Virginia, is
| this: I have the utmost confidence, far more
j confidence than in any committee of Congress
| or in the Court of Claims, in the quartermas-
ter's department and in the commissary de-
partment of the Government. I do not think
I any Sue Murpheys would have imposed on the
! quartermaster's or commissary department.
1 do not believe those departments quite so
susceptible as we were here in the Senate on
; that question.
j Another this^; look at the evidence, look
at the facts. There hate been presented to
the commissary department over five thousand
claims amounting to nearly three million dol-
lars—over two million nine hundred thousand
dollars. Many of these claims have been ex-
amined; a large timount of them have been
rejected, and less than a Quarter of a million
dollars in the Commissary department have
been paid in the loyal States out of $3,000,000
"of claims. Next look at the quartermaster's
department. Over Seventeen thousand claims
have been made to that department. They
have examined many of them, and rejected
many. The aggregate amount of claims pre-
sented was $14,000,000, or, in both depart-
ments, $17,000,000; and the quartermaster's
department have paid less than half a million
dollars. A little more than seven hundred
thousand dollars has been paid out by both
departments on $17,000,000 claimed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Are all the others re- !
jscted? |
Mr. WILSON. Millions of dollars of them 1
have bfeen rejected; others have not been j
finished. I venture to say that of those $17,- |
OOOiOOO of claims there will never be $2, ,500,- !
000 paid, and never ought to be. Everybody
knows that fraud and false swearing have been
used and every effort has been made to cheat
the Government. In examining these claims
these departments have used the knowledge
obtained from the reports ofthe officers ofthe
Army made during the war; and where they
had doubts they sent officers into the section
of country where the claims originated, who
investigated and examined the facts and made
their reports. They were not disposed to be
imposed on; and the men who had charge of
the examinations there knew very well the
truly loyal tnan from the rebel. It is because
they do know loyal men from rebels that I
want these departments to have the examin-
ation. I would trust them a thousand times '
before I would trust any committee we oould 1
make here, or any court we have in this country.
There will be claims made from the States
that have been in rebellion, amounting to mil-
lions of dollars; I do not know how many mil-
lions. In the loyal States we have seen that ;
claims to the amount of $17,000,000 have been
presented; I take it no more will be presented !
from those States. Twenty two thousand claims
and more have been presented, amounting to |
over seventeen million dollars. Less than
three quarters of !i million has been paid on
them. X suppose there will be many hundreds,
probably some thousands, of claims from the
States that have been in rebellion. I have do
doubt that there are many of these claims which
are just, and some which are partly so. They
ought to be scrutinized and examined ; and the
sooner that work is done the safer it will bo for
this country. Every day we postpone it allows
selfish, unscrupulous men to trump up claims
against the country, and the evidence for the
Government will be disappearing; and we shall
have them presented in other times and forced
upon the country. I want to see all these claims
settled, and this bill, I see, provides that they
shall all be presented within the next two years.
Let them be presented; let them be examined ;
let them be reportedhere not binding on us, and
we shall know the facts of the cases, and 1 have
not the slightest idea that they are going to
amount to tens of millions of dollars. Prob-
ably not one twentieth of the claims ever ought
to be paid in the world, or ever will be paid if
we examine them and take the testimony and
act while we have the opportunity.
I have entire confidence in the quarter-
master and commissary's departments, and
I want to submit the whole question to them.
Therefore, I shall vote for the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Virginia, be-
cause I do not know any tribunal that will
understand better the matter of rents or claims
for the use of buildings or the destruction of
buildings, or the use of real estate of any kind
or description. That matter, it seems to me,
belongs legitimately to the quartermaster's
department of the Army of the United States.
Mr. COLE: Mr. President, the question, I
believe, is on the amendment of the Senator
f?om Virginia, to which allusion has just been
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, and
which is to the effect that claims for rent, for
the use and occupation of real estate, may be
brought forward under the bill. To that I am
decidedly opposed, for the reason that it opens
a door for claims that have not heretofore been
recognized or considered—claims for trespass
upon real estate; claims for temporary or con-
tinuous use of real estate during the war. Why,
sir, it is notorious that branches of our Army
were occupying portions of the rebellious States
mentioned in this bill during the whole period
of the rebellion, sometimes occupying portions
as permanent camps, and again only occupying
them for the purposes of a inarch or a night's
encampment. This amendment would render
the Government liable, if this principle were
acted upon, for all descriptions of occupation
of real estate by the Army if it should happen
to be the land or real estate of a loyal peraon.
It wonld open the door for claims for damages
during the whole march of Sherman through
Georgia, for every ocen patio* by any portion
of the Army in the State of Virginia; and we
are all aware that portions of the Army were
occupying different localities in that State
during the whole period of the rebellion.
While I am up I shall be allowed to say a
word or two upon the merits of the bill itself.
It is stated by the chairman of the committee
that the liability under the bill will not exceed
as it stands $5,000,000. He may be correct
in that; and I will agree with him that the
just claims of this nature against the Govern-
ment would not exceed $5,000,000. 1 have
no expectation that the balance of such just
claims would in any eveot exceed $5,000,000,
and in my judgment the sum would tall much
short of that; but it -is at the same time
a firm opinion of mine tliat the amount of
such claims, just and unjust, that will be pre-
sented will amount to many millions. Why,
sir, many of these claims have been paid dur-
ing the progress of the war. The officers of
the Army, officers in the commissary and the
quartermaster's departments recognized these
claims and gave receipts for them, and they
have been paid.
