4516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
j.imin E. Butler, Roderick K. Butler, Calkin. Sid-
ney Clarke, Coburn, Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dege-
ner Dickey, Dookery. Eldridgo, Griswold, Halde-
iaaa, Hale, Hawley, Iloaton. Hcflin. Iloar, Iloge,
Ingersoll, Jenekes, Alexander H. Jones, Louph-
ridge, Lynch, Mayham, Maynard, M'jCrary, Mo-
Ivee, William Moore, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Newsham, Packer, Peters, Piatt, Randall,
Jlidgway. Sclienek, Schumaker, Scofield, Sherrod,
Slocuin, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stone, Upson, Van Auken, Van Wyck. Voorhees,
Wallace, Ward, Willard, and Williams—64.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Burr, to insert after the word
" company," in line twenty-six of the printed
bill, the words "for the government and con-
trol of its own affairs."
Mr. WELKER. I ask the Clerk to read the
clause to which it is proposed to add those
words.
The Clerk read the clause, as follows:
Provided further. That any and all railroad com-
panies shall have the right to run their oars from tUo
mainland over the track of the Western Pacific Rail-
road Company to said island, under such rules as to
time-tables and other necessary railroad regulations
as shall be prescribed by the said Westeru Paeilio
Railroad Company.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon this question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirty-five in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 80, not voting
75 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer. Arnell,
Aspcr, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Biggs, Bmgham,
Bird, Burchard.Burr. Cessna, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
C )ok, Conner. Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickey. Dickin-
son, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ecrry, Finkelnburg,
airfield, Getz, Gillillan, Haight. Harableton, Haw-
kins, tiny, Ilolman, Thomas h. Jones, Julian, Kerr,
Lewis. Marshall, Mayham, McCormiek, McNeely,
Murcur, Eliakim II.Moore,William Moore,Morgan,
Morris&ey. Niblack, Ortli, Packard, Paine, Potter,
'Icoves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Shanks, John A.
-umh. William J. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Swann,
>->n-ecnoy, Taylor, Tyner,Van Trump, Welker,Wells,
Vrhiimoro, Winans, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
V ild—70.
A'AYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Atwood,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Barry, Beaman, Benjamin,
Blair, Booker, Boyd,George M. Brooks,Buck.Buek-
ley. Buffmton, Burdett, Cake, Churchill, William T.
Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Covode, Cowles,
Dawes, Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Eernss, Fisher,
latch, Harris, Hays, Hill, Hooper, Johnson, Kelley,
Kellogg. Ivelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Lallin, Lash,
Logan, McCarthy, McCrary, McKenzie, Daniel J.
Morrcll, Negley, O'Neill. Palmer, Peck, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Sanford, Sawyer,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland,Taffe,Tanner, Tillman, Townsend.Twieh-
ell, Van Horn, William B.Washburn, Wheeler,Wil-
lard, Eugene M. Wilson, and Witcher—80.
NOT VOTING- — Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Beek,
Boles, Bowen. James Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleve-
land, Davis, Degener, Donley, Eklridgc, Fox, Gib-
sou, Griswold, Ilaldeman, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton,
Ilawley, Ileaton, Hellin, Iloar, lloge, Hotchkiss,
Ingersoll, Jenekes, Alexander II. Jones, Judd,
Xvnott, Lawrence. Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard,
McGrew, MeKoe, Milnes, Jesse II. Moore, Morphis,
Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Myers, Newsham,
Packer. Perce, Peters, Piatt, Randall, Ridgway,
Roots, Sehenck, Schumaker, Scofield, Sherrod, Sho-
ber, Sloeum, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Ste-
venson. Stone. Strong, Trimble,Upson, Van Auken,
Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace, Ward, Cadwalader
0. Washburn, Wilkinson, Williams, and John T.
Wilson—75.
So the amendment moved by Mr. Burr was
not agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ARNELL. Has the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. The second morning hour
expired eight minutes since ; but the previous
question is now operating.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on ordering this bill to be engrossed.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were thirty-four in
the affirmative.
"So (the affirmative being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 77, not voting
58; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Allison, Ames. Armstrong, Asper,
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Barry, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bennett, Blair, Boles, Booker. Boyd, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bufiinton,
Burdett, Beniamin F. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Co.vode,
Cowles, Cullom, Dixon, Dox, Dyer, Ferriss, Fisher,
Fitch, Gibson, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, Hill, Hosr,
Hooper, llotchkiss, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Ketohain, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Logan,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, McKon-
zie, Milnes, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell. JNegley,
O'Neill, Palmer, Peek, Phelps, Poland. Pomeroy,
Porter, Prosser, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Joseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tan-
ner, 'Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Van Horn, Wil-
liam B.Washburn, Wheeler, Whitinore, and Eugene
M. Wilson—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Bailey, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird,
Burchard.Burr, Cessna,AmasaCobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickey, Dickinson, Donley,
Duval, Ela, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fox, Garfield,
Ilaight, Hambleton, llamill, Hawkins, Hay, Hol-
niu.ii, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence,
Lewis. Marshall, Mayham, McGrew,McNeely, Mer-
cur, Ehalnm II. Moore, William Moore, Morgan,
Morrissey, Niblack, Oith, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Potter, Reeves, Riee, Scofield, Shanks, Sherrod,
John A. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney, Taylor, Tyner, Upson, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Welker, Wells, John T.Wilson, Winans,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Bowen,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Sidney Clarke. Cleve-
land, Davis, Dawes, Dogener, Dockery. Eldridge.
Farnsworth, Get?., Gillillan, Griswold, Haldeman,
Hale, Ilawley, lteaton, Ileflin, Hoge, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Loughridge,
Lynch. McKco, Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill,
JIungen, Myers, Newsham, Perce, Peters, Piatt,
Randall, Ridgway, Schenck, Schumaker, Shober,
Sloeum. Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stone, Trimble,Van Auken, Van Trump,Van Wyck,
Voorhees.Wallace, Ward, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams, and Witcher—58.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
The bill being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I appeal
to my friend from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
to withdraw that call, and allow me to bo heard
for fifteen minutes; that is all I ask. The
opponents of this bill, as the House well
knows 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York |_Mr. Wheeler] withdraw liis call
for the previous question?
Mr. WHEELER. I do not. I wish to make
a brief explanation. I said to the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] that after
the previous question was ordered upon the
third reading of this bill I would yield to him
for fifteen minutes. I also said that I would
yield a portion of the hour to which I would
be entitled to other gentlemen who desired
to be heard. But the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin was not satisfied with that, but chose to in-
dulge in these dilatory motions, which was his
1ISMr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
not made any dilatory motion.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman may not
have made any himself, but he has voted for
them, and for the yeas and nays upon them,
and that, too, in face of the protest, oa my
part, that by doing so he would lose his oppor-
tunity to speak for fifteen minutes; and his
reply to me was that if that line of action
resulted in the defeat of this bill it would suit
him as well. I now insist upon the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the call for the previous
question should not be sustained, will the bill
then be open to debate?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should not be seconded, this bill would go over
to the morning hour of Tuesday next.
The question was then taken upon seconding
the call for the previous question ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 87, noes 79.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wheeler
and Mr. Holmak were appointed.
The House again, divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 88, noes 65.
So the previous question was seconded. ^
The question was, Shall the main question
be now put?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, upon
that question I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House now
adjourn j and upon that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the House should now
adjourn, what effect would it have on this bill ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded, should the House now
adjourn this bill would come up to-morrow
immediately after reading the Journal as un-
finished business; and the first question then
would be, Shall the main question be now put?
which would be upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. WOOD. Would it be in order for me to
offer $2,000,000 for this island, which it is now
proposed to give to this corporation? If such
a proposition would be in order, then I make
that offer to the Government.
Mr. MUNGrEN. I will " see" the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wooi>,] and go
$500,000 better, if I can have ten hours to go
to New York to make arrangements for the
money.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
ordering the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were
thirty-four in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being oae fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 11-t, nor, voting
G5; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arnell, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Bird, Burr, Amasa C<>bb, Cook,
Conner, Cos, Crebs, Dickinson, Ela, Garfield, Getz,
Haight, Hambleton, liuixull. Hawkms, H iy. ilolnian,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lewis, McNeely,
Eliakim Ii. Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Packard, Beeves, Rice, Sberrod, William. J.
Smith, Stiles, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Tyner, Van
Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Weils, Wman;-,
Winchester,Wood, and Woodward—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Aliison.Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks. Barr>,
Benjamin, Bennett,Bingham. Biair, Bole*. Booker.
Boyd, G-eorge M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley. Buffinum,
Burfhard, Burdett, Cake, Ce^na.Cuurcnin, William
T. Clark, Clint,on L. Cobb. Coburn, Conger, Covode,
Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Donley. Duval, Fumsworrh,
Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelaburs, irVner, Ene>). Gibson,
Grilfilion, Harrife, Hay?, iloar, Hooper,
johnson. Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellocr^, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Knapp. Lallin, Lash. Lawrence, Logan,
Mayham, Mj.wiaid,M<*Car£ii>\ McCormick,McCj'arj ,
McGrew, McKee, MeKenzi'\ Mercur. Milnes, Je^<e
H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrcii Xof?ley,
O'Neill, Urth, Pame, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, I'roisei, Rogers, lluots,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scolield, Lionel A. Siieidon. Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith. Josepn S. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stoke?, Stoug-hton, Strong,
Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twicheli,
Upson, Van Horn, William B. WTa-shburn, Welker,
Wheeler, Yv'hitmore, Eugene M. Wiibon, and
Witcher—114.
NOT VOTING—Mcssr;?. Barnum. Benton. Bcvcn,
Jaines Brooks, Benjamin E. Butler, Roderick ii. But-
ler, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Cowles. L'al-
lom, Davis, Degener, Dockery, D.>x, D/er. Etdridge,
Fox, Griswold. ilaldoman. Hale. Hamilton, Hawley,
Heaton, Heflm, Hill, Hoge, In^civoii. j enekei, Alex-
ander 11. Jones, LoughridvrcN Lynch, Marshall, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Mor^ssey, Myers, Newt-ham, Packer,
Peters, Piatt, Porter, Randall, Ridgway, Santord,
Schcnck, SoiiuLiaker, Shank--, Sao ber, Sloeum,
Worthington Smuh, fctevens, Sfcvenvon, Stone.
Strickland, Ta<i>, T-jyior, V;u Alike:;. Van Wyk,
Voornecs. Wallace, Ward, Wilknitou, Willard. Wil-
liams, and John T. WiL-on—
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Il the House should now adjourn when
will this question next come up?
The SFEAICEU. Immediately after the
reading of the Journal to-morrow morning.
Mr. WHEELER. And it will remain before
the House until disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It must do so, the pve-
viuus question having been seconded.
Mr. ALLISON. To-morrow ia Friday.
