6480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julyi^
join that of the gallant Williams, and his chil-
dren be among the nations' orphans.
Let us pause by his opening grave. In a
short time Sherman, and Sheridan, and others
whose salary you seek to reduce, like Dahl-
gren, whom this clay the nation will mourn,
will be gathered->among the great heroes who
have shed luster on our arms and illustrated
the glory of the flag "on the land and on the
sea." On behalf of such men I appeal that
here and now no injustice shall be done.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me just another
moment.
Mr. DICKEY. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire just a moment to
say, for the benefit of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Van Wyck]—and he needs some-
thing now because he is very feeble, and this
will help him—if the Senate opposed thepay bill
of the Army on account of the salaries of 'eer-
tain oflicers, why did not the Senate make these
officers salaried officers, and put the salaries
they receive at the amount they get now by com-
mutation ; hence I stated what we did in order to
show that that was not the dispute, because if
that is what they demand, why did they notfix
the salaries at the amount of compensation
they actually get? But my objection is that of
two modes of paying officers of the Army—>
although, of course, I am in favor and always
have been in favor of a reduction of the pay-—
I prefer any rate of pay by salary to pay by
commutation. That is the difference precisely.
And the gentleman loses his pains when he
rises from his seat and with that immense
voice of his undertakes to eulogize those
whose eulogy has already been pronounced by
men whose eloquence is so far above his that
one of the least thoughts that have emanated
from their minds would not be caught up by
himself because of his inability to compre-
hend it.
Mr. DICKEY. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. The amendment now
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
contains the substance of the Army reduction
bill as it came from the Committee on Military
Affah:s of the House; and its general effect is
to reduce the number of enlisted men and offi-
cers of the Army and to reduce the pay of the
officers of the Army, so as to effect a saving
of about four million dollars annually. In my
judgment the salaries of some of these offi-
cers might be reduced somewhat. But con-
sidering the view which is entertained at the
other end of the Capitol on this subject, and
the opposition of the Senate to any reduction
of the officers of the Army, I believe that these
provisions are the best that can be got, and that
they ought to be adopted by the House.
I do not desire to discuss the general features
of tiie Army reduction provisions of this bill,
but particularly to call the attention of the
House to the last section of the bill. On the
10th of January last I had the honor to intro-
duce in this House a bill to amend the home-
stead act. providing that every officer and sol-
dier of the Army and Navy might take one
hundred and sixty acres of land in the alter-
nate reserved sections along the railroads, in-
stead of eighty acres, the quantity to which
they are limited by law now. That bill passed
the House without one dissenting vote. It
went to the Senate, received the sanction of
the Committee on Public Lands of the Senate,
and was put upon the Calendar for favorable
action there. But it being doubtful whether it
would be acted upon for want of time, the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands bad it put on as an
additional section to the Army reduction biil
in the Senate. As the Committee ou Appropri-
ations and the Committee on Military Affairs
of this House are opposed to that Army reduc-
tion bill of the Senate, the Committee on Ap-
propriations, at my suggestion and on my
motion, have added this bill as an additional
section to this Army appropriation bill J and
as this is the only chance for the HouSe and the
Senate to act this session upon this bill, and
as it has received practically the sanction of
both branches of Congress, I hope that, along
with the other salutary features of this amend-
ment) it may receive the sanction ef every
member of this House*
This is but simple jastide, and only a portion
of that justice Which Congress o\Ves to the sol*
diers of the Republic. It is well kn6*h that
the Committee on the Public Lands are opposed
to giving land warrants to the soldiers, because
unless made inalienable by sale they would
beeondr© of but little value and be the means of
enabling speculators to absorb still more of the
public lands at merely nominal prices. But
the section which I have proposed will enable
the soldiers to obtain homes, and while we are
disposing of the public lands with a liberal
hand let us not forget the soldiers of the Unioti
Army, who have done more for the country
than all the railroads in it, for the construction
of which so many million acres have been given.
I need not remind the House that these soldiers
saved the Republic, and now let us reward
them, and at the same time lay broad and deep
the foundations on which our Republic may
endure forever. To make it enduring we must
provide education for all at the public expense,
secure homes within the reach of all inalienable
by judicial process for debt, and guaranty equal
political privileges for all. These are to be
made enduring features in our political system,
and this is a step in that direction.
Mr. DICKEY. I nowyield five minutes to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] j
Mr. BUI'LER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, 1 would not trouble the House if this
matter stood upon the mere question of a re-
duction of pay, however much I may deem, as
I do deem, that a reduction of pay as proposed
by the bill of the committee of conference
adopted by the House is proper. The House
will remember that 1 was opposed to the bill
reported by the committee of conference, hut
it was far, very far preferable to this bill. But
this question goes deeper. It is a question of
the rights and privileges of this House. The
Representatives of the people desire to reduce
the Army of the United States. They passed
a bill for that purpose and sent it to the Sen-
ate. The Senate disagreed with that reduc-
tion. They then sent us their views. We
met them in conference, and our conference
committee agreed as to what should be done.
We passed their report with unanimity, and
then it went over to the Senate simply to be
slaughtered, and a bill objectionable in every
feature is put upon an appropriation bill as an
amendment and sent to us with this implied
threat, that we must either pass this bill they
send us or we will get no appropriations for
the Army. 1 am ready to meet that issue—no I
pay, no play. If the Arinv want to bring that
issue between the Representatives of the peo- i
pie and themselves, let it come. I propose
that the House shall stand by the bill which
we have twice passed as amended by the con-
ference committee ; that we shall stand by our
privileges and our right to say what shall be
the expenditures in regard to the Army.
Now, sir, one word as to this pay bill. This j
pay bill is objectionable in this, that it gives '
two different features of payment—one pay <
and allowances, and the other pay by salary.
Now, if the system of pay and allowances is a
bad one we ought not to adopt it for general
officers. If it is a good one we ought to apply
it to lieutenants and captains and majors. We
ought not to make fish of one and flesh of the
other.
Now, I can remember, although I am not
the oldest member of the House, when the
General and Lieutenant General were captains
and lieutenants. " Upon what meats do these
our Caesars feed that they have grown so great,''
that they cannot stand in the same category
with men who were colonels and majors and
captains when they were subalterns? I hope
the Hotise will assert its rights and privileges
to maintain the appropriations for the Army
as they desire thetn.
Mr. DICKEY. Having allowed everybody
who wanted to talk about this bill to t&lK, I
propose to Say about a doztirt words myself.
Thfe Committee oB Appropriations do riot pfO :
fVsa to be learned in military matter, but thb
House of Representatives having twieeadopted
a bill for the Afiiiy, *6 thought we tfoilld
adhere to the action of the House. Th&t was
the motive Whieh Induced the Cotnaiittee On
Appropriations to adopt this substitute for the
Senate amendments, believing, at the same
time, that neither that substitute nor the Senate
amendment Was appropriate or property be-
longed to ah appropriation bill. "Bat as it
seemed to be necessary to do something With
reference to this matter the eomihittee thought
they would adopt the action of the House and
report this substitute to the House, and ask the
House to adhere to theif action on this subject.
I now move the previous question.
The previous questitm was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment Of the Senate was
concurred in, with an amendment.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion Was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I offer the following resolution, which
is usual at this stage of the session :
Resolved by the House of Representatives^ (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That thesixteenth and seventeenth
joint rules be suspended during the remaining
of the present session of Congress.
Every gentleman will understand that.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Let the rules be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"17. No bill that shall have passed one House shall
be sent for concurrence to theother on either of the
three la,-fc days of the session.
"IS. No bill or resolution that shall have passed
the House of Representatives and the Senate shall
be presented to the President of the United States
tor his approbation on the last day of the session."
The resolution was agreed to, two thirds
voting in favor thereof.
SCHOONER S. L. DAYIS.
Mr. DAWES. The Senate have by mistake
put an amendment on a bill of the House, from
which I understand they will recede if we non-
concur in the amendment. I ask, therefore,
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2209) to carry into effect a decree
of the circuit court of the United States for the
southern district of New York in the case of
the schooner S. L. Davis and her cargo.
Mr. JUDD. I call for the regular order.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. JUDD. I insist upon the regular order.
pay of contestant.
The SPEAKER. _ The Hon se yesterday
passed a resolution giving §2.000 to Mr. Zeig-
ier, contesting the seat of Mr. Ricn, of Ken-
tucky. The wording of the resolution was
copied from the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Elections, that he '• should be paid.''
1 he Clerk ot the House desires that the reso-
lution shall be put in the imperative form,
"shall be paid." Tf there be no objection
that change will be made.
No objection being made, it was ordered
accordingly.
IXSCIIAKCB COMPANIR?, KTC.
^Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee of
W ays and Means.reported back, with an amend-
ment, a joirstresojution (S. No. 20o) to determ-
ine the construction of an act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government, and
for other purposes, approved Jane 30, 1804.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro*
