1870,
THE OONGBIBSIO^AL GLOBE.
5461
vides tha$ the p.eX tl©4 f£An act to provide
interna} revenue to support the Qovernmeut,
and for other purposes,'1 approved June 30,
1864, and the several amendments thereunto,
shall not hp copstriipd so as to impose a tax
qp spjy undistrif>ut$ble suna adc(ed to the con-
tingent funds of any fire, marine, inland, health,
life, accident or iil^e insurance company, on
any premium or premiums received for risks
assured by those companies.
The amendment reported froip the Commit-
tee of Ways apd Means was to add to the joint
resolution *or anymoneys paid by mutual life
insurance companies to their policy-holders."
Mr- SCGFl&LD. I should like to haY£
spme explanation of this joint resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK, The object is simply to
give a construction to the law in relation to
insurance companies, so that they shall not be
charged as upon dividends for money which
they pay back to their policy-holders after the
risks have expired.' 1 now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to a third reading; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid pn tjie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FUNDING I5ILL.
Mr. SCHENCIv submitted a report from a
committee of conference ; which was read, as
follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho bill (S. No. 3S0j to
authorise the refunding and consolidation of the
natiQn&l debt, to extend banking facilities, and to
establish specie payments, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend to their respectiveHouses, as follows:
They recommend that theSenate recede froip their
disagreement, to the amendment of the House to said
Senate bill, and agrpetothe same with the following
amendment; strike out all of said amendment and
insertin lieu thereof the following :
That the Secretary'of tho Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to issue, in a sum or sums not exceeding in
the aggreate $200,000,000, cpupon or registered bon^s
of the United States, in such form as'he may pre-
scribe, and of denominations of fifty dollars, or some
multiple of that sum, redeemable in coin of the pres-
ent standard value, at the pleasure of the United
States, after ten years from the date of their issue,
and bearing interest, payable semi-annually in such ;
coin, at the rate of five per cent, per annum^ also
a ?um or sums not exceeding in the aggregate &300,-
000,000 of like bonds the same in ail respects, but
payable at the pleasure of the United States after
■fifteen years from the date of their issue, and hearing
interest at the rate of four and a half per cent, per
annum; also a sum or sums not exceeding in the
aggregate $1,000,0 0,000 of likebonds,thc same in all
respects, but payable at the pleasure of the United
States for thirty years from the date of their issue,
and bearing interest at the rate of four per cent, per
annum; all of which said several classes of bonds,
and the interest thereon,shall be exempt from the
payment of all taxes or duties of the United States,
as well as from taxation in any form by or under
State, municipal.br local authority; and the said
bontfs shall have set forth and expressed upon their
face the above specified conditions, and shall, with
their coupons, be made payable at the Treasury of
the United States. But nothing in this act. or in any
•other law now in force, shall be construed to author-
ize any increase whatever of the bonded debt of the
<CTnifced States.
Sec. 2.'And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to sell and
•dispose of any of the bond3 issued under this act, at
not less than their par value for coin, and to apply
the proceeds thereof to the redemption of any of the
bonds of the United States outstanding, and known
as five-twenty bonds, at their par value, or he may
exchange the same for such five-twenty bonds, par for
par; but the bonds hereby authorized shall be used for
no other purpose whatsoever. And a sum not exceed-
ing onp half of one per cent, of the bonds herein
authorized is hereby appropriated to pay the expense
of preparing, issuing, advertising, and disposing of
the same.
Sec. 3. And&c-it further enacted, Thatthe payment
of any of the &onds hereby authorized after the ex-
piration of the said several terms ot ten, fifteen, and
thirty vear.*, shall be made in a,mounts to be determ-
ined from time to time by the Secretary of theTreas-
ury at fris discretion, the bonds so to be paid to bo
distinguished and described by the dates and num-
bers, beginning for each successive payment with
tlie bonds of e ach class last dated and numbered, of
the time of which intended payment or redemption
the Secretary of the Treasury shall give public notipe,
and the interest on the particula-r bonds so sslsctsd
at any time to be paid shall cease at the expiration
of three months from the date of such notice."
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatthe Sacre.-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorised with any
coin in the Treasury of the United States which he
may lawfully apply to such purpose, or which may
be derived from the sale of any of tho bonds, the
issue of which is proyided for in this act, to pay at
par, and cancel any six per cent, bonds of the Uni-
ted States of the kind known as five-twenty bonds,
which have become or shall hereafter become re-
deemable by the terms of their issue. But the par-
ticular bonds so to be paid and canceled shall in all
eases be indicated apd specified by class, cjate, aj}d
number, in the prder of their ipimbers and issue,
beginning with the first numbered and issued, in
public notice to be given by the Secretary of tne
Treasury, $nd in three months after the date of such
public notice the interest on the bonds "go selected
and advertised to be paid shall cease.
Sic. 5. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasur-y is hereby authorized, at any
time within two years from the passage of this act,
to receive gold coin of the United States on deposit
for not less than thirty days, in sums of not less than
$100, with the Treasurer, or any Assistant Treasurer
of the United States authorized by the "Secretary of
the Trcasusy' to receive 'the samp, who shall issue
therefor certificates of deposit, made in such form as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, and
said certificates of deposit shall bear interest at a
rate not exceeding two and a half per cent, per an-
num ; and any amount of gold coin so deposited may
be withdrawn from'deposit at any time after thirty
days from the date of deposit, and after ten days'
notice and on the return of said certificates: Pro-
vided, That the interest on all such deposits shall
cease and determine at the pleasure of the Secretary
of the Treasury. And not less than twenty-five per
ccnt. of the coin deposited for or represented by said
certificates ofdepositssha.il be retained in the Treas-
ury for the payment ot said certificates; and the
excess beyond twenty-five per cent, may be applied,
at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to tho payment or redemption of such outstand-
ing bonds of the United States heretofore issued and
known as the live-twenty bonds, as he, may designate
under the provisions of tho fourth section of this act;
and any certificates of deposit issued a* aforesaid
may be received at par with the interest accrued
thereon in payment for any bonds authorized to bo
issued by this act. _
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the United
States bonds purchased and now held in the Treas-
ury in accordance with the provisions relating to'a
sinking fund, of section live oi the act entitled "An
act to authorize the issue of United States notes, and
for the lcdemption or funding thereof, and for fund-
ing the floating debt of the United States," approved
February 25,18G2, and all otherUuited States bonds
which have been purchased by the Secretary of the
Treasury with surplus funds in the Treasury, and
now held in the Treasury of the United States, shall
be canceled and destroyed, a detailed record of guoh
bonds so canceled and destroyed to be first made in
the books of the Treasury Department. Any bonds
hereafter applied to said sinking fund, and all other
United States bonds redeemed or paid hereafter by
the United States shall also in like manner be re-
corded, canceled and destroyed, and the amount of
the bonds uf each class that have been canceled and
destroyed shall be deducted respectively from the
amount of each class of the outstanding debt of the
United States. In addition to other amounts that
may be applied to the xedemptionor payment of the
public debt, an amount equal to the interest on all
bonds belonging to the aforesaid sinking fund shall
be applied, as the Secretary ot the Treasury shall
from tunc to time direct, to the payment of the pub-
lic debt as provided lor in section five of the act
aforesaid. And the amount so to be applied is here-
by appropriated annually for that purpose out of the
leceipts fur duties on imported goods.
Skc.7. And be it fv) ther enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act the Treasurer of the United
States shall receive no other than registered bonds
issued under the provisions of this act as security for
the circulating notes of national banking associations
issued under the act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof/' approved Juno 3, 1864, or any
act supplementary or amendatory thereof.
They further recommend thatthe title be amended
so it will read "An act to authorize the refunding
of the national debt."
Aiad the House agree to the same.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
SAMUEL HOOPER,
Managers on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
CHARLES SUMNER,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on tho part of the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that section two of the bill as now proposed
makes ail appropriation, and that the meas-
ure must therefore go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The section will be read.
The Clerk rr-ad the second section.
The SPEAKEIl. The Chair overrules the
point pf oyde?. The elauge of the bill on
whiph the gpptleraan raises the point appro-
priates phoney hereafter to come into the
Treasury j \t dqe? not take out of the Treasury
$ny money now there. The transaction has
reference to the future. Hence the bill is not
po the point pf oi^&r.
Mr. SCHENCJv* Mr. Speaker, J think I can
explain jp very few minutes what the com-
mittee pf conference has donp. The Senate bill
provjdep for the issue of bonds of the Uni-
ted St^es t-fi the amount of $1,200,000,0Q0—
$40G,Q0f),Qf)0  t five percent., $400*000,000 at
fQpr and & h&lf per pent, and $400,000,000 at
fop it per.c^p^., payable at much shorter dates
than the ijosse proposed. The proposition of
the fIoi)se w$s to put upon the market a long
bond $t a loyer rate of interest. This policy
of the House in opposition to that of the Senate
was presented by a proposition to issue $1,000,-
000,000 payable at the pleasure of the Govern-
ment after thirty years, and to be made accept-
able by exemption from taxation and by the
stipulatjop tl^t the principal and interest should
alike be paid in coin.
There w%s apqther point of difference between
the Senate and the House. I speak now of
principal differences and leading features of
the two bills as contrasted with each other.
The Senate proposed all the banks iu the coun-
try, organized under the national banking law,
should be compelled to take the new bonds,
exchanging those they now hold for them or
getting rid of those they pow hold and substi-
tuting the new bonds as the basis of their cir-
culatioq. The House left out from their prop-
osition all that related to the banks in that
direction.
Now, sir, in conference the Senate conferees
have agreed to adopt thp House bill as the basis
of the report we novy present, and they take it
with certain modifications, which I will explain.
They accept the proposition for $1,000,000,-
000 of bonds, payable after thirty years, at
four per cent. The Senate conferees held out,
claiming to be backed by the Senate in that,
as I will show they were, for a long time, for
bonds at a higher rate of interest, tor bonds at
five per cent, and for bonds at four and a half
per cent. The difference was finally accom-
modated by an agreement that if the Senate
would accept the $1,000,000,000 in long bonds
payable after thirty years, at four per cent,,
we would agree they might have $200,000,000
payable after ten years, at five percent., and
$300,000,000 after fifteen years, at four and a
half per cent. Thus the bill now reported by
the conference committee, in the shape of a
modification of the House bill, proposes three
classes of bonds—$200,000,000, to be payable
after ten years, bearing five per cent, interest;
$300,000,000, payable at the pleasure of the
Government after fifteen years at four and a
half per cent., and $1,000,000,000, payable after
thirty years, at the pleasure of the Govern-
ment, at four per cent., thus leaving, by giving
$500,000,000 more, a chance of paying and
exchanging for a larger portion of five-twenty
bonds, independently of the provision of the
last $1,000,000,000 of them, by means of the
four per cent, bonds. The committee was
satisfied that it was the opinion, not only of
capitalists themselves, these mixed bonds will
be taken, the four per cent, as well as the five
and four and a half per cent., but the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is confident from the
information he has, whatever doubt he might
have of the practicability of a loan based on
four per cent, bonds, he has none at all, with
the aid of these smaller classes at shorter dates
at five and four and a half per cent., that he
will be able to float the others after a time to
meet the market. The bill therefore, as nearly
as may be, accommodates the views of the
House, of the Senate, and of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and I believe all are much better
satisfied than they expected to be.
One of the modifications to which we con-
sented to our bill was to a part of the fifth sec-
