1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3573
district courts of the Territory are authorized
to issue writs of quo warranto, on the inform-
ation of the district attorney or other person
interested, to test the right of any one discharg-
ing the duties of or claiming the right to any
office in the Territory; and the judges of elec-
tions are authorized to examine under oath all
persons who may offer to vote as* to their quali-
tications and rights so to do, and every person
appointed or elected to office in the Territory,
before entering upon the duties of such office
and before being entitled to any salary or other
emoluments thereof, is to take anc| subscribe
one of the following oaths or affirmations, to
wit: 'I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that I have uevervoluntarily borne arms against
the United States since I nave been a citizen
thereof; that I have voluntarily given no aid,
countenance, counsel, or encouragement to per-
sons engaged in arined hostility thereto; that I
have neither sought,nor accepted nor attempted
to exercise the functions of any office whatever,
under any authority or pretended authority in
hostility to the United States; that I have not
yielded a voluntary support to any pretended
government, authority, power, or constitution
within the United States hostile or inimical,
thereto, or, I do solemnly sweat (or affirm)
that I have been relieved by an act of Con-
gress, as provided for by the third section of
the fourteenth article of the amendments to the
Constitution of the United States;) that I am
not living in or. practicing bigamy, polygamy,
or concubinage; and I will not hereafter live
in or practice the same; and I do further swear
(or affirm) that to the best of my knowledge
and ability I will support and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States against all ene-
mies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear
true faith and allegiance to the same; that I
will obey all of the laws of the United States,
and will not counsel, advise or encourage any
other person to disobey or violate the same;
that I take this obligation freely, without any
mental reservation or purpose of evasion, and
that I will well and faithfully discharge the
duties of the office on which I am about to
enter: so help me God." And the oath, when
taken and subscribed, is to be Certified by the
officer before whom the same was taken and
subscribed, and the oath so certified is forth-
with to be forwarded to the secretary of the
Territory, who is to place the Bade on file, in
his office.
The eighteenth section provides that in the
absence or in case .of sickness or disability of
any of the judges of the Territory, or for any
cause whatever which readers it necessary, it
shall be competent for either of the judges to
hold court in any of the judicial districts of the
Territory, and it is made the duty of thejudges,
upon the request or .direction of the Executive
of the Territory,, in writing, setting forth the ,
reason and necessity of. such request or direc- j
tion, to proceed to the district designated and !
to hold the terms of court therein until such |
necessity shall cease. I
The nineteenth section provides that the i
probate judges, justices of the peace, judges
of all elections, notaries public, and all sheriffs
in the Territory, shall be appointed by the
Governor, be subject to removal by him, and
shall hold their offices for the term prescribed
by law, unless sooner removed, or their suc-
cessors shall before then be appointed.
The twentieth section allows an appeal by
any party aggrieved from all final decisions,
orders, judgments, or decrees of all inferior
courts in the Territory to the district court of
the district in which the proceedings before
such courts are had, and in correction ofthe
proceedings of such inferior courts of the Ter-
ritory ; and to prevent and correct abuses by
them, the district courts of the Territory are
authorized to issue writs of error, certiorari,
mandamus, prohibition, and quo warranto ;
ami in all cases of appeal from one court to
another, where a bond or other security is n6w
jregmred to be given by the party appealing, it
is not to be lawful to demand or exact of such
party the payment of costs adjudged or taxed
against him until the appeal shall be finally
disposed of by the appellate court, and the
supreme court of the Territory may make rules
and regulations as to the mode and manner of
taking and perfecting appeals from one court
to another in the Territory, and the security,
if any, to be given in such appeals, so that the
just rights of the parties may be secured and
preserved.
By the twenty-first section marriages in the
Territory are to be solemnized only by justices
of the supreme court, by justices of the peace
duly appointed and qualified, and by any priest
or minister of the Gospel regularly ordained
and settled or established as such in the Ter-
ritory, between parties competent to enter
into the marriage contract. Marriage in the
Territory is declared to be a civil contract,
to which the consent of parties, capable in
law of contracting, is essential. No man, a
resident of the Territory, is to marry his
mother, his grandmother, daughter, grand-
daughter, step-mother, grandfather's wife,
son's wife, grandson's wife, wife's mother, wife's
grandmother, wife's daughter, wife's grand-
daughter, nor his sister, his half sister, broth-
er's daughter, father's sister, or mother's sister.
No woman is to marry her father, grandfather,
son, grandson, step-father, grandmother's
husband, daughter's husband, grand-daugh-
ter's husband, husband's father, husband's
grandfather, husband's son, husband's grand-
son, nor lier brother, half brother, brother's
son, sister's son, father's brother, or mother's
brother. No marriage is to be contracted while
either of the parties has a former wife or hus-
band living in the United States or elsewhere,
unless the marriage with such former wife or
husband shall have been legally dissolved.
All persons within the degrees of consanguin-
ity within which marriages are herein prohib-
ited to residents of the Territory, and hereby
declased to be incestuous and void, who shall
intermarry with each other, or who shall com-
mit adultery or fornication with each other, are
to be punished by imprisonment at bard labor
in the penitentiary of the Territory not more
than twenty years, and be fined not more than
$1,000.
The twenty-second section makes it unlaw-
ful in all cases of election by ballot for any
person to put Kny ttUotber, figure; or device
upon esch ballot, whereby any person may fee;
enabled to ascertain by whom the ballot was
given ; and any violation or attempt to violate
this provision is to be deemed and taken to be
a crime, and upon conviction thereof the per-
son so offending may be punished by fine not
exceeding $600, or by imprisonment in the
penitentiary not exceeding one year, or by both
I fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the
i court. And at all elections none but male
citizens of the United States over twenty-one
years of age, residing in the precinct or elec-
tion district, and not disqualified by conviction
of crime by any of the provisions of this act or
otherwise, are to be competent Voters.
The twenty-third section authorizes the pro-
bate courts in their respective counties _ in
the Territory to hear, try( and determine civil
causes wherein the debt or damages claimed
do not exceed $500, and in oriminal matters
to exercise jurisdiction as committing magis-
trates, and the twenty-ninth section of an act
of the territorial Legislature of Utah, confer-
ring general ttnd unlimited jurisdiction on the
probate courts, both in ciyil and criminal cases,
entitled "An act in relation to the judiciary,
approved January 19, 1852; also the second
section of an act entitled "An act for the reg-
ulation of attorneys," approved February 18,
1852; and also an act entitled "An act PPJ1"
taining provisions applicable to the laws of the
Territory of Utah," approved January 14,1854,
are disapproved and repealed.
The twenty-fourth section allows the court
in all oases in which the marshal of the Terri-
tory is a party to the suit, or in anyway inter-
ested or otherwise disqualified to act, toappoint
some one to act as marshal therein.
The twenty-fifth section gives to the district
courts of the Territory exclusive original juris-
diction in all suits for divorces or alimony.
The twenty-sixth section disapproves and
annuls all laws and parts of laws of Utah Ter-
ritory which in any way interfere with the pri-
mary disposal of the soil, or the possession
thereof, of the United States.
The twenty-seventh section makes it, a mis-
demeanor for any person not qualified to vote
to vote or offer to vote at any election, or for
any qualified voter to cast or offer to cast at
any election more than one vote for the same
office or officers, and upon conviction thereof
before any court having jurisdiction he is to
be punished by fine not exceeding $500, or by
imprisonment in the penitentiary not exceed-
ing one year, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment, at the discretion of the court.
The twenty-eighth section provides that when-
ever by the provisions of this act an oath is
required to be taken, if the person taking the
same shall knowingly swear falsely to any mat-
ter or statement contained in the oath or in his
testimony given in pursuance of it, such per-
son is to be deemed guilty of perjury, and upon
conviction thereof is to be sentenced to im-
prisonment for a period not exceeding five
years nor less than two years, and the district
courts of the Territory are to have jurisdiction
of such offenses.
The twenty-ninth section provides that this
act shall take effect from and after its passage;
and repeals and disapproves all acts and parts of
acts of the United States or of the Legislature
of Utah not consistent with it.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, the record
ofthe Republican party is already glorious and
immortal, but its mission is not yet completed.
At its first national convention in 185G the
following resolution was adopted as a part of
its platform of principles:
" livtolved. That the Constitution confers upon
Congress sovereign power orer the Territories ot
the United States for their government; and that in
the exercise of thiB power it is both theright and the
duty of Congress to prohibit in the Territories those
twin relics of barbarism, polygamy and slavery."
Since that time slavery, one of " those twin
relics of barbarism/' has not only been pro-
hibited in the Territories, but has been abol:
ished in the States; and four million bond-
men now stand up clothed and dignified with
the rights of American citizens. This barbar-
ism was deep rooted and firmly bound, and it
required the iron grasp of war to tear it from
the soil.
Ten years ago we only claimed the right to
prohibit slavery in the Territories and confine
it where it then existed, hoping that the irre-
sistible power of public opinion, united to a
loftier moral principle, would peacefully over-
come the demands of avarice and brutality,
and finally extirpate the evil by checking its
growth. But slavery became more arrogant
and aggressive in it8 demands. It claimed that
property in man was guarantied by the Consti-
| tution, and that the policy of the fathers in
j prohibiting its extension was unconstitutional
and wrong. It asserted itself to be a national
institution, and the corner-stone of the Repub-
lic. It was, as is well known, the source of
the most unscrupulous political power at one
time in the country, and unifying the interests
of its adherents in all sections, fashioned and
controlled the policy of the Democratic party
irrespective of all minor issues. At its bidding
Democrats everywhere fell into line and hur-
ried to execute itscopimanda. No master was
ever more implicitly obeyed, no lawgiver more
jealously enthroned behind constitutional bul-
warks. At last, when it saw the scepter about
to fall from its grasp in the election of the
immortal Lincoln, in its mad and wicked ambi-
tioa it determined to destroy the Union and
erect a sjaveholding aristocracy upon its ruins.
To.accomplish this it raised the standard ot
