1870.
TJIE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
The average price of skilled and unskilled labor
at the iron-works in England does not exceed is a
day.
At the coal and iron works of Creed & Williams, in
Belgium, tho wages paid in 1866 were as follows;
n . , Per <&*;'•
Common laborers  Is. 2d. to 3s. 6d.
Loaders of eoal  2 6 to 2 11
Wood-cutters  2 0 to 2 11
Wood or tree-setters  3 1 to 5 0
Miners  2 11 to i 2
Exceptional men  5 0 to 6 0
At the Blast Furnaces.
Fillers  1 1 to 2 1
Box fillers  1 4 to 1 8
Common laborers  1 5 to 1 8
Furnace-keepers  2 1 to 2 11
fa the Rolling-Mill.
Puddlers  4 2 to 5 0
Helpers  2 3 to 3 1
Rollers  4 2 to 5 10
Helpers  3 4 to 4 2
Shearers  1 10 to 2 6
Common laborers  1 5 to 2 1
In all other European countries wages are lowor
than in England.
These figures are worthy of the study of the
workingmen of this country, whom Mr. Com-
missioner Wells is persistently striving to array
in hostility against those whose interests, for
the present at least, are identical with their
own—the men who have embarked their capi-
tal in an attempt to make the United States
commercially and politically independent of
Great Britain, and who, if sustained in good
faith, will not only accomplish this, but enable
us to meet her in the markets of the world
with pig, bar, and sheet-iron, with steel in all its
forms, including cutlery, and with iron ships
carrying a commerce as extended as her own
upon every sea.
Having shown that the experiment of nine
dollars per ton has been successful as a rev-
enue measure, now let us see what effect it
has had in stimulating production without
diminishing the wages of labor. When it was
adopted English iron-masters saw that with
our inexhaustible fields and rich varieties of
coal and ore we must soon become competitors
with them for our home market, and at no dis-
tant day a formidable rival in the general mar-
kets of this continent. This it was their inter-
est to prevent if possible, and though their
increase of production had been less than
100,000 tons per annum for the preceding nine
years, they added 500,000 tons the next year,
and in 1865 produced nearly 900,000 tons more
than they had ever done before. I have shown
the production of the two countries from 1854
to 1862. The Morrill tariff, which raised the
duty to $6, went into effect in 1801. In 1864
the duty was raised to $9. The results have
been as follows:
United
England. States.
186 3  4,510,040 947,604
186 4  4,767,951 1,135,497
186 5  4,819,254 931,582
186 6  4,523,897 1,350,943
186 7  4,761,028 1,461,626
186 8  - 1,603,000
186 9  - 1,900,000
I regret my inability to ascertain the Eng-
lish production for 1868 and 1869 ; but in view
of the average of the five years quoted, and the
fact that the production*of 1865 exceeds so
largely the years that succeeded as well as those
that preceded it, it is fair to assume that it
has not been in excess of that year in either
of those omitted. These figures confirm the
impression that England has attained her
maximum production ; while her increase since
1803 has been scarcely appreciable, ours has
increased about one hundred and ten per cent.
In view of all these facts I think that it appears
again in the matter of pig-iron, as it did in that
of cast-steel and Bessemer rails, that a protect-
ive duty has not been, as Mr. Wells asserts, a
tax on, but a boon to the American consumer.
COAT, AND THE BRITISH NORTH AMERICAN COLONIES.
I have said that the report is devoted to the
Sromotion of the interests of England and her
"orth American colonies, and have, I think,
shown that if its suggestions were carried into
effect it would arrest the rapid increase we are
making in the production of iron and steel and
remand us to commercial and political depend-
ence on our haughty and faithless rival. 1 pro-
pose now to illustrate Mr. Wells's palpable de-
sire to promote the interests of England's North
American colonies—the new dominion, that
asylum of our foes in war and base of illicit
operations against our revenue gystem in peace.
The sea board provinces, whether on the
Atlantic or Pacific ocean, are suffering discon-
tent that is rapidly becoming chronic. From
1854 to 1866 the colonists were more than con-
tented, they were proud and joyous; emigrants
flowed in and settled among them. They con-
trasted their condition with ours and plumed
themselves upon their superior prosperity.
Their clip of wool and crops of cereals increased
annually, their fisheries were increasingly prof-
itable, and their coalmines yielded unparalleled
profits—in one year one coal company having
paid its stockholders the almost fabulous profit
of one hundred and seventy-five per cent. They
were more than hopeful of the future; they were
confident and arrogant. With them the southern
confederacy was a foregone conclusion, and with
it as an ally and England as their sponsor they
saw the near approach of the day when this triple
alliance should hold the Yankee States as in a
vice and crush or strangle them at pleasure.
This was in 1864. Their tone is less joyous
now. Indeed, it is sad unto wailing. Listen
to one of them, a Nova Scotian, as he pours the
story of their wrongs and sufferings through
the columns of Lippihcott's Magazine for July
last:
" But the petition of three hundred thousand good
subjects was treated with indifference, and even an
inquiry into their grievances was refused. Then it
was, in the bitter sorrow and indignation that iilled
us at that time, that we turned our eyes to the great
nation beside us for assistance'. But even there no
help wa$ to be had. Thoreciprocfty treaty had been
abrogated in return for the sympathy and assistance
which Canada had given to the South; and the only
thing which could support our commerce and on-
eourage our industries'under the heavier duties of
Canada was thus denied us and continues to be de-
nied us. At the present moment we are in a sad
case. The duties and taxes of the Canadian admin-
istration boar heavily upon us; our oommerce is
languishing, our industries are all but paralyzed.
Thfe markets which nature intended for us, and which
commerce had marked out for her own, are closed to
us, and in consequence we fish less, mine loss, manu-
facture less, export loss. Our political position is as
bad as perplexing. We will not continue in orir
present union with Canada if we can help it. We
have laid our grievances before England. England
refers us to Canada; Canada refers us to England.
England trusts to our loyalty, Canada to our cupidity
or our fear, to keep us in the union. If even we
succeed in getting repeal ice cannot stand alone with-
out a treaty wilk the united States. Jf that is denied
us—end who can doubt it?—wo must even seek our
own good in transferring our allegiance."
This is a faithful portraiture of the condition
of the British provinces on the Atlantic coast;
and that of British Columbia on the Pacific and
Puget sound is quite as hopeless. It was once
the base of an extended system of smuggling
over our borders, but the provincial Goy,em-
inent being unable to support itself by internal
taxes was compelled to raise revenile by a
tariff almost as heavy as our own. This de-
stroyed the profitable business of smuggling
across our borders, and brought Victoria, the
city which it had been fondly hoped would be
the commercial rival of San Francisco, to
absolute despair. It is a deserted city. In July
last, asmy colleagues on the Committee of Ways
and Means can attest, more than half the build-
ings within its limits were tenantless and for
rent or sale, and at high noon its streets were as
deserted as though pestilence had scourged it.
Let me pause, Mr. Speaker, to ask what has
wrought this wondrous change, and why more
than one hundred thousand of the people of
the provinces during the last year came to
dwell among us and share the burdens of our
great war debt? These results are the legit-
imate consequences of wise and patriotic
legislation by Congress. Commissioner Wells
understands it .as well as the rest of us. He
knows as well as the Nova Scotian I have just
quoted that the repeal of the reciprocity treaty
wroughtthe ruin of the provinces. That treaty.
which was forced upon us by our old southern
masters, was designed especially to promote
the prosperity of the British North American
provinces at the cost of the northern S,tates pf
the Union. It was specially de$gnm6Jtlie
planters of (he South as a blow at'tjtyvro^pef&i
of the farmers and stock-breeders ojttie nqr^h-
west. It went into effect in June. 1854, and
expired, or I may properly say was rescinded
by Congress, in March, 1866. • It was.admira-
bly adapted to accomplish its purpose, ancfthe
period of its duration was that of the greatest
growth of Britain's power jlong o,ur bordprs.
That gentlemen who represent .the g^jn-grpw-
ing States may not suspect me oi misstatipgtfie
object of the reciprocity p^ovepsent, I be^ llave
to invite their attention to q, fe^ Fopds from
pages 95 and 96 of that remarkable book called
Cotton is King, the politico-economical text-
book of the authors of the late rebellion:
' This is the present aspect [1858] of the provision
. lestion as it regards slavery extension. Prices are
approximating the maximum i>oint beyond which
ourprovisions cannot be fed 'to slaves unless there is
a corresponding increase in theprioeof cotton. Such
a result was not anticipated by .southern statesmen
when they had succeeded in overthrowing the pro-
tect,ive policy, destroying theUnitedStatesBank, and
establishing the sub-Treasury system.
" And why hafj this occurred ? The mines of Cali-
fornia prevented both the free-trade tariff stod tho
sub-Treasury scheme from exhausting thecoun'try of
tho precious metals, extinguishing the circulation
of bank notes, and reducing the prices of agricultural
products to the specie value. At "the date of the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill the multiplication of provis-
ions by their more extended cultivation was the only
measure left that could produce a reduction of prices
and meet tho wants of the planters.'' The Canadian
reciprocity treaty, since secured, will bring the prod-
ucts of the British North American colonies, free
of duty, into competition with those of the United States
when prices with us rule high, and tend to diminish
their cost."
But this treaty has been rescinded. Why
refer to it? Does the Commissioner propose
to renew it? No, sir; that would be Tr^ijk,
and not in accordance with his practice. "He
moves stealthily toward his sinister objects.
He is a protective free-trader, a free-tnj.de pro-
tectionist, a -disciple of Henry Glay'but an
advocate of the free-trade .dogmas of Jql}n C.
Calhoun. He does not propose a renewal of
the reciprocity treaty ; but asserting that all
customs duties are taxes and increase the price
of the article on which they are levied, he de-
mands cheap fuel, food, andbeer, and proposes
to secure these desirable objeefs by removing
all duties from articles the production of the
North American provinces. Nor does he do
this in terms. Taking the leading staples of the
provinces separately he submits specious but
false reasons for the removal of all duties from
each of them. He would give the people of the
provinces the benefits they derived from the
reciprocity treaty without stipulating for any
of the few benefits it brought his countrymen.
To adopt his recommendations in this behalf
would bg to pay from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States annually to the colonists from six
million to ten million dollars as a consideration
for their continued submissipn to British legis-
lation and colonial policy. They are tending
toward the Union. They were alien enemies
during the war, but millions of them now de-
sire to be friends and fellow-countrymen, and
the way to promote this consummation so de-
voutly to be wished is to let them know that the
avenue to free trade with us is through annex-
ation. This accomplished they would share our
prosperity and our responsibilities, und their
country would cease to be a base of hostilities
as it now is in peace and war.
Let me not be suspected of misrepresenting
the position of Mr. Wells. The principal arti-
cles the provinces export are lumber, wool,
coal, barley, and the other cereals, and from
these he would remove all duties though tkey
yielded during the year which ended Jjine
1868, $4,352,770 49 in gold, or about six n>il-
lions in currency. It is true ?oma of th,e wool
which contributed to this ampjipt came from
other countries, andsomeofth.ec.oal from Eng-
land, but in order to restore prosperity, to the
trade of the provinces lie wjuld admit their
