4518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
realizing that they had taken a higher position
in their country and were elevated in the scale
of' humanity to the position of live, active,
tree agents in the management of their own
affairs, tradition tells us that the patricians,
fearing that the king was about to lay down
his kingly power and establish a still more
liberal government under the consular form,
and desiring to regain their ascendency and
power, joined with others in a conspiracy to
assassinate the man who had proved himself a
benefactor of his countrymen. In the midst
of his glory, shed upon him by the light of his
own good deeds he was beaten and stricken
down by the blind instruments of selfish, am-
bitious, and wicked men, determined upon
power at the expense of the people's rights.
Before his death Servius Tullius extended the
boundaries of that ancient city, and surrounded
it with a stone wall called after his own
name.
The days of Rome's greatest splendor and
power have passed away. It is the fate of
nations to rise, flourish, and fall. Since the
days of Rome many nations have risen, grown
great in power, controlled the civilization of the
ages in which they flourished, and at last, fol-
lowing the common fate of all, gone into decay.
Otheis, still in the vigor of youth, are on the
upward march, passing through conflicts fierce
and irrepressible, but which, by the courage of
the people and the blessing of God, will result
in the elevation of man. America, proud and
prosperous as she has been, is no exception to
the rule; with a Declaration of Independence
announcing to the world thatall vnen are created
equal and endowed by their Creator with cer-
tain inalienable rights, among which are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; with her
banners proclaiming freedom, the nation for
long years protected within her borders an
oppression flagrant and wicked in the enslave-
ment of a race of four million people, thereby
denying in fact what the fathers had proclaimed
in theory. When the Constitution was adopted,
though slavery existed in the country, yet it
was believed by the fathers to be an evil, and
not to be of long duration. The founders of
the Government did not expect slavery to long
endure, but that it was in process of ultimate
extinction. As time passed the monster op-
pression which had been allowed to remain
under the protection of the Constitution and
Government of the country fastened its fangs
more deadly upon the body politic, and instead
of the hope of the fathers of the Republic being
realized in after years and slavery being placed
in process of ultimate extinction, the time
seemed to be rapidly approaching when slavery
and oppression were to be the rule, and liberty
and equality the exception. The fire of justice
begin to kindle. The people became aroused
to the condition of affairs and they determined
to arrest the further spread of slavery and place
it where the " public mind should rest in the be
lief that it was in the course of ultimate extinc-
tion." The conflict increased in fierceness and
proportions. The time approached in which
some master spirit should be called forth from
the walks of the common people to lead the
hosts of freedom on to victory. The people
called not in vain. A leader came forth—a man
humble in origin; a man with a conscience
guiding him in every act of life ; a man great
without vice ; a statesman without its common
deceits; a man whose convictions of duty
raised him above the common plain of party
politics and fitted him for a great work in the
interest of humanity. That man was Abraham
Lincoln. The stoi m raged and excitement ran
wild; a steady hand and a clear head were
necessary to guide the storm and save the ship
of State and turn the sui ging tide to the advan-
tage of all on board. The great leader speaks.
Mr. Lincoln says to the people:
"If wc could first know where we are and whither
wo arc tending we could b ■ttor judse what to do and
how to do it." * * "A bouse divided
against itself cannot stand. I believe this Govern-
ment cannot endure permanently half slave and half
free. I do not cxpect the Union to bo dissolved. I
do notexpeottho house to fall; but I do expect it
will ccaso to bo divided. It will become all one thing
or all the other. Either the opponents of slavery
will arrest the further spread of it and place it where
the public miDd shall rest in the belief that it is in
the course of ultimato extinction, or its advocates
will push it forward till it shall become alike lawful
in all the States, old as well as now, North as well as
South."
Thus Mr. Lincoln spoke to the people as the
hosts began t.o marshal under the banner of
freedom ; and from that time forward it beeame
more and more apparent to all that slavery or
liberty should perish before the conflict should
ccase on American soil.
Mr. Lincoln became the leader of the hosts
of freedom not only as he enunciated great
truths which became the life of the Republic,
but he was soon placed at the head as the stand-
ard bearer of the Republican party which
becamc the great Union and liberty party of
the country. The people in 18G1 placed him
at the head of the nation, according to the
forms of the Constitution. Great responsibility
rested upon him, greater, to use his own lan-
guage, than had devolved upon any other man
in America since the days of Washington. As
Mr. Lincoln journeyed from his home toward
the capital of the nation to assume the duties
of the office to which the people had called
him, passing through Philadelphia he was taken
to old Independence Hall, and there called
upon to speak to the admiring people. Re-
ferring to what had been said to him he said:
" I can say in return that all tho political senti-
ments I entertain have been drawn, so far as I have
been able to draw them, from tho sentiments which
weic originated and given to theworldfromthishall.
I have never had a fooling, politically, which did
not spring from the Declaration of Independence."
■" * "It was not the mere matter of
separation of tho Colonics fiom the mother land, but
that sentiment in tho Declaration of Independence
which gave liberty not alone to the people of this
country, but I hope to the world for all future time."
*" ! * "This is the sentiment embodied
m tho Declaration of Indcpendenco. Now, my
friends, can this country be saved upon this basis?
If it can I will considor myself one of the happiest
men m the world if I can help save it." s *
^ * "But if this country cannot be saved with-
out giving up that prineiplo, 1 was about to say I
would rather be assassinated on this spot than sur-
render it."
I refer to tiicse passages from the declar-
ations of Mr. Lincoln to show that his life and
energy and soul were full of a determination
to carry out the principles of the Declaration
of Independence, and thereby place slavery in
process of ultimate extinction and save the
Republic from the vortex of destruction.
The great work set apart by the God of jus-
tice, for which Abraham Lincoln had been
raised up by an all-wise and overruling Prov-
idence, was before him. The task was not
light nor the prospect inviting, but with a firm
determination to "do the right as God gave
him to see the right," he went forward in the
discharge of his duty, never doubting the re-
sult. He leaned upon the people. lie felt
that the Government " which he presided over
was the Government of the people, and by the
people, and for the people, and that he was
sworn to see that it did not perish from the
earth." When he took the oath of office he
said that "this country, with its institutions,
belongs to the people who inhabit it." And
with such a sentiment leading and controlling
him in all his actions his triumph was sure, i
Rebellion at once reared its hydra head ; war !
ensued, terrible war ; blood flowed as a river ; |
"the very earth wavered as the storm-tossed I
sea," and yet Lincoln, leaning upon the stron" '■
arm of justice and invoking the blessing of the
great Ruler of men and nations, moved for-
ward with steady step, and the people who
were not in rebellion supported him in every
measure.
The time came in the providence of God to
strike off the shackles which bound in slavery
four million of American people, and the proc-
lamation was issued. In that great act which
above all, made his name immortal, he "in-
voked the considerate judgment of mankind
and the gracious favor of Almighty God." The
rebellion was at last overcome ; the cause of
it was swept away ; freedom became the rule
in fact as well as theory, and the country was
saved. The great work assigned to him had
been accomplished ; he had saved the nation
and elevated to the dignity of freemen a raee
of people long in abject slavery. His work was
done, and while the nation was all ablaze with
the light of victory, and the oppressed were
marching forth as freemen, and agrateful people
were breathingnpon him benedictions of praise,
as in the days of Rome, a conspiracy was formed,
instigated by the leaders of a wieked but ex-
piring rebellion, to assassinate that great bene-
factor. Tho instrument was found aud the
deed was done, the blind bigot that did the deed
ciying aloud as the fatal shot was fired, " Sic
semper tyrannis," and adding, "The South is
avenged."
Thus, Mr. Speaker, passed away Servius Tul-
lius of Rome and Abraham Lincoln of Amer-
ica, the sixth king of Rome and the sixteenth
President of the United States. They both
died because they dared to defend the rights of
the common people.
Before the death of Mr. Lincoln, and after
his second election by the people, the lovers
of liberty in that ancient city of Rome, wish-
ing to testify their appreciation of the great
work in which Mr. Lincoln bad been engaged,
took from the wall of Servius Tullius, extend-
ing around that ancient seven-hilled city, a
stone, andsentittohiin, with a Latin inscription
upon it, which, translated, read3 as follows:
"To Abraham Lincoln, President for the sec-
ond time of the American Republic, citizens
of Rome present this stone from the wall of
Servius Tullius, by which the memory of each
of those brave assertors of liberty may be asso-
ciated. Anno 1SG5."
The resolution which I have offered, Mr.
Speaker, proposes to place that stone, taken
from the wall of Servius Tullius, associated as
it is with the memory and noble deeds of the
man for whom the wall was named, in the mon-
ument now being erected by the loveis of lib-
erty in the New World to the memory and noble
deeds of Abraham Lincoln. Is it not a fitting
work to be done? Let the stone be placed
there by the hand of a saved and regenerated
nation ; and may the people, as they visit that
sacred place where rest the remains of that
good and great man, study to carry on the work
of elevating the great body of the people to a
higher plane of enjoyment and usefulness.
It is said that Crossus, King of Lydia, while
entertaining Solon, the great philosopher, after
showing him all his wealth and treasure, asked
him who was the most happy man he had
seen. Solon replied, "Tellus,"the Athenian.''
Crcesus, astonished at his answer, pressed him
to explain the reason why he should extol the
happiness of Tellus. Solon replied, "Tellus
lived in a well-governed commonwealth."
A well-governed Commonwealth should ba
the study of all the people, and especially
those placed in authority, whose duty it is to
providethe mode and character of government,.
A well governed country is not the one whose
ruler fills his treasury with gold for personal
show aud ambition. A well-governed Com-
monwealth is one whose laws are just toward
all the people aud are executed in a just wjy
by those intrusted with authority.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to dwell
upon the philosophy of government in ihese few
1 emarks which lam permitted by the indulgence
of the House to make. Let us turn our thoughts
again to the sepulehers of the eminent dead.
It is said that '• sorrow for the dead is the onlv
sorrow from which wo refuse to be divorced,
the only wound which we seek not to heal"
Ihe moving hearse is never seen without emo-
tion bv young or old, rich or poor.
1 lake your boys to the churchyard, sir,"
said an old woman to a gentleman whoso sons
