2630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
prosecute the case against him. That is the
head and front of William Baker's offending..
And the facts establish that the Democratic
successor of Mr. Baker as street commissioner
expended more money in one municipal dis-
trict in New Orleans than Mr. Baker expended
within a corresponding period in the whole
city, and he did not keep that district as cleau
as Baker had kept the whole city for much
less money. I say it is an outrage to assail
William Baker thus before the country.
And the gentleman has selected the Governor
as another object of attack. The Governor
and myself have not always agreed, and no
man knows this better than he does. Bat, in
justice to the Governor—and the country ought
to know it—I would say that no man has ever
been placed in a position of greater difficulty
in this country than that which is filled by
Henry C. Warmoth. 1 ask the attention of'
the House to this one circumstance. There is
in New Orleans the Mite of the lost confed-
eracy. It is the great city of the South. And
it happens to be the fact there, as elsewhere
through the country, that the worst elements
of the Know Nothing party went over to the
Democrats. Another fact to be borne in mind
is that generally the Federal office-holders
were Andrew Johnson men. The military
commanders were, every one of them, our
enemies, our outspoken enemies, men that
worked against us in every possible way, in
the grossest violation of their duty. Henry
C. Warmoth found himself in that situation,
with fifteen thousand armed Knights of the
White Camelia in the city of New Orleans,
determined to overthrow the government of
the State. Is it not an easy thing for a man to
accomplish what he has done and maintain
himself in such a situation? Ah, but they say
people speak ill of him. You may all have
seen that within the last six weeks a committee
of distinguished Democrats of New Orleans
went to Governor Warmoth and protested
against the frauds of the Legislature. The
Governor told them they must stop the bank
presidents from bribing the Legislature.
Mr. Speaker, were you or any other man
upon this floor who is not a Democrat in the
city of New Orleans you might be as pure as
the Saviour of mankind, and yet you would be
denounced as a thief and a vagabond if you
believed in the supremacy of the Government
of the United States and in the equality of all
men before the law. That is the trouble. I
have been assailed myself, but to a very slight
extent, and I do not, therefore, brag much of
ray Republicanism, from the fact that I have
not been more assailed.
Thegentleman has read from Mr. Rodriguez.
Now, Mr. Rodriguez and that crowd do not
happen to live in my district. I do not know
one of them by sight, and I do not think that
they know me. 1 would like to refer to the
testimony of Mr. Macon, chairman of the Dem-
ocratic central committee, and of Mr. Bacon,
editor of the Picayune, in which they speak
of me in very complimentary terms, and as I
desire to be courteous I will say that they are
high-toned gentlemen; but I must get down to
some of the facts of the case, because I do not
wish that anybody shall be deceived.
And, first, thegentleman from Indiana says
that the Knights of the White Camelia were
not a political organization. Well, now, upon
that I take issue. The testimony is that they
were, and I will do almost anything the gen-
tleman may ask of me if he will show me one
among the members of that order who was
not a Democrat. The chairman of the Dem-
ocratic central committee swears that he was
a member of that organization. General Stead-
man was a member of it, although he says that
he forgot it as soon as he could, as he did not
like it very well; but he was a member of the
organization, and if any gentlemen want to
know the political character of the organization
I commend to them the perusal of these two
volumes of testimony.
But the gentleman says there were not ten
men killed in the city of New Orleans. Mr.
Speaker, I want to call attention to some tes-
timony on that point. One witness, Charles
L. Pox, Swears that he saw ten or twelve dead
persons, killed by the mob, between Julia street
and Delord street. Another witness, John P.
Keating, swears he saw nine killed in another
place; and Rev. J. W. Healy, five dead men in
the station-house. General Hatch swears to
five in still another place. And you may go
on and sift this testimony and you will find
that the statement of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] is more than borne out as to
the atrocities perpetrated against human life.
General Hatch says in his report that two hun-
dred and eighty-nine men were killed in Orleans
and the adjoining parishes in the months of
September and October, and a still greater
number were wounded and maltreated.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must pass on, as I want
to present to the House this precise question.
The gentleman says that seven per cent, of
the registered voters stay away from elections
on all occasions. It so happens that in the
parishes of St. James and La Fourche and St.
John and St. Charles and Terre Bonne and
that portion of Jefferson parish outside of Jef-
ferson city and the village of Gretna, more
than ninety-five per cent, of the registered
voters voted, and in the parish of St. Charles
more than ninety-eight per cent. Wherever
we were permitted to vote we voted our full
strength.
But the gentleman says that we were "cow-
ardly." I know the gentleman meant nothing
personal so far as I am concerned. But there
we were in the presence of fifteen thousand
armed men, whose arms where purchased
with money forced from the bankers and mer-
chants, in many cases against their will, and
we were without arms and the military authori-
ties were against us. I deny that it was cow-
ardice. The gentleman from Indiana or any-
body else would have acted in the same way. It
would have been wrong for us to have asked the
people to go to the polls to be slaughtered.
Now, whether they would have been slaugh-
tered or not I cannot say. We can only judge
of the future by the past. The city of New
Orleans had been in a condition of disorder
and mob for eight days: every Republican
club-room in the city had been entered and
plundered. The houses of many Republicans
had been sacked and the inmates killed and
wounded. At least a hundred men in that city
had been killed, and yet they say we should
have gone to the polls, right on the eve of all
those disorders, and still further gratified this
appetite for blood. Is that the gentleman's
proposition ?
The gentleman says that because the day of
election was peaceable therefore the election
is to be held as valid. Sir, an epidemic some-
times ceases for want of material to operate
upon; and it was precisely so in this case.
Let me illustrate the gentleman's proposi-
tion. Suppose that he and I are aspirants in
the prize-ring. We have an engagement for
to-morrow, with a wager of $1,000 on a side,
to determine the question of championship.
To-day I fall afoul of him with bludgeon and
knife, and wound him and disable him. Then
to-morrow morningl go tohim and say, "Well,
let us have this fight out on the day named in
our agreement, and it shall'be a fair fight."
The gentleman, of course, would accept the
proposition, and if he did not come would con-
sider that I had a right to take the money; for
that is precisely his proposition.
Now, I claim that not only have we a right
to vote, unopposed by violence and murder,
but we have a right to vote peaceably, unde-
terred by fear; and unless we can have that
right in this country, then I say that our liber-
ties are gone, that the right of the ballot is gone.
It may be that the infusion of the Know-
Nothing element into the Democratic party of
New Orleans carried with it the same princi-
ples which governed the Know-Notliing party
before the war. It it is said that, to use their
own expression, "they would knock the devil
out#f the Dutch and Irish a few days before the
election, to prevent them from voting." That,
at least., was the principle of the Know-Noth-
ing Democrats, and the fact is that a great
portion of the Democratic electors were before
the war members of the Know-Nothing organ-
ization as it then existed.
Now, whether we ought to have voted or
not, whether or not there was reasonable cause
for fear, ought to be settled, it seems to me, by
reference to the opinions of General Rousseau,
who was their friend. General Lee has testi-
fied differently from wliat the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] read to the House. I
say that gentleman did not read all the answer
of General Lee in regard to the opinions of
General Ronssean. Now, it is a rule of law
and of morals that the suppression of the truth
is equivalent to the suggestion of falsehood.
And I charge the gentleman from Indiana with
the suppression of truth in this case. I will
read from the book the truth and the whole
truth. Here is the answer of General Lee:
"Idon't think ho (General Rousseau) gave any
advice; he did not to me. When I said they would
not vote, botookmo by the hand and said, 'Itisnot
a thins; for mo to advise, but I think it is the wisest
thing for you to do. V'ou cannot achieve anything
by voting, any way.'"
There the gentleman from Indiana stopped,
though that is but half of the answer. The
rest of the. answer is as follows :
"Andhu expressed his gratification Ihattholtcpub-
licans would not pross their right to vote; that with
the assurances ho had from the Democrats with whom
hehad consulted, and that with this thing, bethought
that the hour of peril was past, and that he should
tido the thing over it'the Republicans did not vote."
That is what General Lee swears to; and
what has the gentleman to say about the char-
acter of General Lee? He was a man dis-
tinguished in the military service of the United
States ; a man who would be regarded in any
country as one of character and capacity.
Dr. South worth and Governor Warmoth
swear to the same thing; and I am willing to
risk the whole case upon this evidence of what
was the opinion of General Rousseau. He had
command of two regiments of infantry, one
battery of artillery, and one company of cav-
alry. He also had a revenue cut ter moored
before the city of New Orleans, which he had
sent for in order to keep the peace and pro-
tect his headquarters, when his second in com-
mand advised him that he would be justified
in retiring from New Orleans upon the same
principle that a general in the field would be
justified in retiring before a superior force.
But it so happens that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerb] does not at all deny that
there was violence. I challenge any one to
examine these two volumes of testimony, and
find one word of denial of what we allege in
regard to the existence of violence there.
This, then, presents the question to which I
wish to call the attention of the House. Now,
the gentleman, as I have shown, has been
guilty of a suppression of the truth. I state
farther, that he has been guilty of presenting
to this House incorrect figures. The registered
vote of the second congressional district was
39,840. Mr. Hunt claims to have received only
18,341 votes ; and when you turn to the returns
of the boards of supervisors you will find that
he lacks 7,000 of receiving one half the regis-
tered vote. Those returns, I concede, a.re not
altogether correct, because two polls are omit-
ted ; but on referring to the returns of the com-
missioners of elections it will be found that
Mr. Hunt still lacks 6,662 votes of receiving
one half the registered vote.
Now, these are the facts as exhibited in the
testimony, the gentleman's figures to the con-
trary notwithstanding. Why, sir, he has gone
so far as to try to take advantage of a little
misprint in regard to the parish of Terre Bonne,
making a difference of about 100 votes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
