1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
quartermaster stores foe their use and support,
if they were fed and sustained day by day from
the hands of loyal citizens, why should those
citizens not be paid for it? They were paid in
Tennessee; they were paid in Missouri; they
were paid in my State. What has the State of
Mississippi, or the State of Louisiana, or the
Stateof Arkansas done that loyal citizens there
canuot be paid ? When it comes to the point
that a loyal citizen in one State has rights and
privileges that a loyal citizen in another State
has not, it shows that there are inequalities
here that ought to be remedied ; and the earlier
we proceed to remedy them the better.
Mr. President, let me say again that if this
question is to be determined on its merits, as
to what is right and wroug between citizens
Jiving in different sections of the country, let
us endeaver to discriminate against those men
who fired in the rear, living in Ohio, Kansas,
and other northern States. If it is to go on that
ground, let it go against a class of citizens and
uot against a locality. It is time we had ceased
legislating against localities, and if we want
to hit classes of citizens, let our legislation
apply equally to all the States and shut outmen
from my State, from Ohio, and every other
State.
Now, Mr. President, let me say in conclusion
that this bill should be pressed to a vote with
this object in view, in my opinion: to place the
loyal citizens, those unquestionably so, living
in the States lately in rebellion, on the same
footing, restoration having taken place, as the
citizens of my own State are. I should feel
demoralized if I had to go home to my own
people and say that I asked for them what I
would not grant to the loyal citizens of another
State. It is high time, I think, if thd restor-
ation and equality of the citizens has been made
perfect iu all the States, that we should remove
the obstacles in the way of the prosecution of
their claims, so that they can go before the
Departments, go into the courts, and get a just
and fair compensation for their losses.
Mr. STEW ART. I am opposed to any unjust
discrimination against any people. I will be
as generous to the people of the South as the
Senator from Kansas. I am willing to remove
their political disabilities quite as rapidly as
any Senator upon this floor, I believe, on our
side of the House. I am quite as liberal in
that view as any Republican here. I want to
treat them as kindly as possible; but I am
unwilling to tax the loyal people of the North
for the purpose of paying claims of this kind
to all persons in the South who we cannot
prove affirmatively were rebels.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me ask the Senator
if the loyal people in the South have not to
pay their share of the taxes; and the disloyal,
too? Everybody that pays taxes pays his
share.
Mr. STEWART. I am opposed to taxing
the loyal people of the South or of the North
for the purpose of paying rebels for what they
lost in this war. They went into the war, and
I want them to stand the result fairly. They
have lost, and I do not propose to compensate
them.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not in this bill.
Mr. STEWART, Let me go on. There are
some difficulties in discriminating between the
loyal and disloyal. This is a proposition to
abandon the general principle that this was a
war, to be treated as a war. If it was a war,
we are not bound to pay for damages commit-
ted in the enemy country. Why abandon the
general principle of law that controls wars? On
that principle these losses are to be regarded
as calamities incident to the war. It should
stand upon the same basis of international law
that all wars do so far as property is concerned.
, There is no reason for abandoning the prin-
ciple ; but if you are to abandon it, and if you
are to attempt to compensate people in the
rebel territory for looses, or for commissary
stores, or for anything else; if you are going
to attempt to compensate them iu any way, you
should be perfectly sure that you have adopted
such machinery that none but the loyal people
can avail themselves of it. You mu3t be cer-
tain on that point if you are to enter on it at
all. It is dangerous ground. One step leads
to another. If you pay for commissary stores
you will soon get to pacing rent, as proposed
by the Senator l'rom Virginia; and if you com-
mence paying rent you will soon commence
paying for houses that were blown down or
torn down, and for damages in cutting down
trees and gettiug fuel. The whole series of
injuries follows immediately when you have
| the wedge fairly entered. I say it is dangerous
! ground to tread upon at all, because it is against
| the general principle, which is well established,
! that it is impossible to compensate for damages
done in an enemy country.
i Mr. HOWE. Now, I see that if we go on in
| this.kind of way we shall take as long as we did
j last year. I want to call the attention of the
Senator from Nevada to the bill and the prin-
ciple involved in it, and I want to take the issue
right here. There is not a country on God's
' earth, and unless you dethrone the Almighty
Himself there will not be a country allowed to
remain on this earth long, which establishes the
doctrine for whieh my friend con tends here now,
that because a portion of your people make
war on your Government, therefore your Gov-
ernment can make war on its friends, the peo-
ple who do not make war upon it. There is
no civilized country now that makes war on
alien territory but what pays its enemies there
for every dollar of property it takes for the use
of its army, unless for peculiar reasons of State
policy they sometimes levy contributions upon
the whole people. Our legislation has gone
upon this principle throughout. Now, before
my friend from Nevada asserts again the gen-
eral principle which he says this bill is at war
with, I want him to tell us where his general
principle was asserted, and when, and by whom.
Mr. STEWART. I believe the general prin-
ciple that I stated is well maintained, that for
the damages done in an enemy country while
making war you are not liable ; for the sup-
plies you take you are not bound to pay in an
enemy country.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator where he
finds his authority for that last proposition ?
Mr. STEWART. I am not going to hunt
np the authorities now; the books are full of
them; that has been settled over and over
again. But it is sufficient for my purpose that
you are not bound to pay the damages. You
treat the people as enemies and the damages
as the result of their hostility.
Gentlemen say you must make compensation
for what you took in an enemy country. I
think that is a new proposition altogether.
When you start to compensate for anything
in an enemy country you are treading upon
dangerous ground, requiring peculiar investi-
gation ; and if you are to treat fairly the few
loyal men in the South independent of inter-
national law at all you run the risk of paying
them at the expense of paying a hundred times as
much to rebels. 11 seems to me you will thereby
do a greater injustice than you do justice under
this bill. I will guaranty that those who were
"all things to all men," and generally on the
rebel side, will get ten dollars where a loyal
man will get one dollar, and I may say $100
•to the loyal man's one dollar, under this bill.
The loyal men's property was destroyed at once
by the rebels; they were sacrificed in the rebel
country, as everybody knows. Every conspicu-
ous loyal man was robbed at once by the rebels.
They were victims; they were not left there
with their property when the Union Army got
there, or but very few of them. They were
sacrificed before. I would rather to-day com-
pensate those who were sacrificed on the altar
of their country by the rebels, and whose prop-
erty was taken in that way, than I would pay
the class who will be provided for under this
bill. . .
But if payment is to be made there should
be some investigation, and there should be
some means of investigation. If loyal men
whose property was taken are to be paid we
should have some means or machinery of in-
vestigation whereby we can ascertain that
fact. _ The Senator from Kansas complains that
Shat is a discrimination. Would you not give
the Government a chance to call witnesses?
Would you not have the facts ascertained ?
Would you tax the loyal people to pay for the
property of the disloyal before you would have
that fact ascertained? Would you not give the
Government an opportunity to call witnesses?
Would you have an ex parte investigation ?
Would you trust to the affidavits and state-
ments of the disloyal when the loyal do not
know of the application ever being made? I
appeal to my friend from Louisiana, [Mr.
Kellogg.] Suppose a claim is filed in the
Department, and your loyal friends in Louisi-
ana do not know that that claim is pending,
how can they establish the party's disloyalty ?
It is determined by his friends and neighbors,
who are in the same boat and have claims.
There is no means of investigation. He goes
to the Department, files his evidence, probably
his own affidavits. The whole thing is ex parte.
Does not the Senator apprehend that some will
be paid who ought not to be? Would he not
prefer to have an investigation in the courts ?
Would he not prefer to have an attorney inter-
ested on behalf of the Government to call loyal
witnesses to ascertain the facts? Would he
like to trust to all the rebels in Louisiana to
put in ex parte claims that his loyal friends
linew nothing of, and take the chances ? Does
he believe they are so much better than other
men that they would not stretch truth a little
to get affidavits favorable to themselves and
put the thing through ? Does he think that
would be entirely fair to his loyal friends ? Not
quite. If we are going to step over this line to
make this investigation I want an investiga-
tion on both sides, and I want the cases tried.
It may be that our friends who have been in
the rebellion are so purified by that operation
and rendered so entirely unselfish, rendered so
pure and so much above ordinary mankind,
that they can be trusted to make their owu
representations as to the fact of loyalty; but
it would be very strange if they did not think
they ought to be compensated out of the Treas-
ury. If they" have an ex parte chance to get
something out of the Government, it would be
very strange if they did not make a good case.
Now, I propose to advocate this kind of
discrimination. If these claims are to be paid
they ought to be paid after a judicial investiga-
tion. I prefer that the investigation should
first take place in the Departments, and none
but good claims be sent to the Court of Claims,
and then that there shpuld be ample notice
given and a chance for the hearing of all the
questions involved. Then we have so me guards
about it that may give the Government some
chance; but in the Departments they have not
the means of obtaining ithe evidence.
Mr. WILLE Y. Mr. President, so far as the
machinery of this bill is concerned I desire,
with every other Senator, to see it made as
perfect as it can be to prevent frauds and to
secure the ends of justice, and if the discus-
sion had been confined simply to that matter
I do not know that I should have felt it my
duty to say a word on the subject; but having
had occasion to examine, the position which
the Senator from Illinois, the Senator from
New York, and the Senator from Nevada have
avowed with so much confidence on this floor,
to wit, that Aere is no obligation on the part of
the Government to pay for property taken from
a loyal man in an enemy's country, I propose
to ask the indulgence of the Senate for a short
time while I discuss, as well as I may be able,
that proposition.
Now, sir, what does this bill propose to
accomplish ? What is the object of the bill ?
It is that" all claims for quartermaster's stores
actuall v famished to the United States" within
