2632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Mr. POLAND. I would like to know in
what consists the difference between this case
and the case of Menard, who sought o, seat
for the same district in the last Congress?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The difference
is very simple. It consists in this: that the
question .in Menard's case • turned on there
having' been a redisricting, so that the election
was for another district than that in which the
vacancy had occurred. If I draw a line down
the center of this paper, marking the one side
No. 1 and the other No. 2, No. 1 would show
the district as it stood when the old election
took place. But there had been a new redis-
ricting which brought in only a little corner
of No. 1, and left all the rest to go to form a
new district. In the case of Menard there
were but ninety-three voters, if I remember
rightly, left him in the district, according to
the districting under which we were then act-
ing. It was an utter change of districting, and
the case was entirely different. Mr. Sheldon
was elected under the new districting for this
Congress, and the state of circumstances which
applied to Menard does not at all apply to him.
That is the whole difference.
Mr. STEVENSON. There was another
point, I will say to the gentleman from Ver-
mont, in Menard's ease: it was a question
whether there was a vacancy existing at all,
and the committee held that a vacancy did not
exist.
Mr. POLAND. It is true that there had
been to some extent a change in the district,
but I do not understand that the question was
at all affected by that change. There was a
vacancy, for Mr. Mann, the sitting member,
had died. The election to fill the vacancy was
held on the same day and under precisely the
same circumstances as the election now in
question was held, and Mr. Menard received
the certificate for the vacancy and Mr. Sheldon
the certificate for this Congress. The cases
were identically alike.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My friend will
allow me to say that Mr. Menard claimed to be
elected to fill a vacancy occasioned by death,
but he was not elected by the same constituency
that elected his predecessor, because that con-
stituency belonged to an eld district. Mr.
Menard ought to have been elected by the same
constituency that elected Mr. Mann, but Mr.
Sheldon ought not to have been.
Mr. KERR. Is the time occupied by this
colloquy to be charged to me ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Louon-
judge in the chair.) The Chair supposes so.
Mr. KERR. It ought not to be. Tliero has
been great latitude allowed on the other side.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman allow
me two minutes ?
Mr. KERR. I am willing to allow the gen-
tleman a few minutes, but 1 hope the House
will then give me my full twenty minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there is no
objection that will be the understanding.
No objection was made.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that there
had been a change in this district to some
extent. The territorial limits of the district
were not precisely the same, but my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is entirely mis-
taken when he says that the question upon
which the validity of the election depended
was affected at all in the slightest degree by
that change of district, and my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] on the Committee of Elec-
tions was altogether mistaken in saying that
the previous contest had not been disposed of.
The Committee of Elections took up the prior
contest. Mr. Jones contested the seat of Mr.
Mann, who had been the sitting member and
who had died. The Committee of Elections
took up the claim nf Mr. Jones, that he was
entitled to be the sitting member during the
remainder of that Congress, and disposed of it,
before they took up the case of Menard vs.
Hunt. Now, as I understand it, precisely the
same question is before this Congress in the case
of Iluntw. Sheldon that was before the last Con-
gress in the case of Menard es. Hunt, and the
last Congress decided by a vote of more than
two to one that Menard was not entitled to the
seat. I say that there is no substantial differ-
ence between the case of Menard that w«s
decided in the last Congress and the ease of
Sheldon in this Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The districts
are different.
Mr. POLAND. There had been a change
in the boundaries of the district to some ex-
tent, but the question in relation to whether
the election should stand, or whether it should
be set aside on the ground that there had been
intimidation and violence in some parts of the
district, and which the last Congress decided,
was precisely the same identical question that
the House have before them to-day for their
consideration.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My friend will
allow me to say that^ at that very time I pre-
sented to the House a sketch of the districts
and made my opposition only on the ground
that it was a different district, and that Menard
had not been elected by the same constituency
that elected the man whose place he hoped to
AH.
Mr. POLAND. My friend is entirely mis-
taken. My friend himself voted to admit
Menard to his seat. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no, not on
the merits. My vote was on the prima facia
case. Menard had the certificate.
Mr. POLAND. I appeal to the Globe to
sustain what I say.
Mr. STEVENSON. I now yield twenty
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] and then I propose to occupy ton min-
utes myself.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the sitting mem-
ber has made an issue of fact between himself
and me. I stated what I understand the facts
to be, and what I can demonstrate them to be
by this evidence. He has taken issue with
me. It is impossible for me now to go into a
detailed examination of these returns, but I
say to the House that the gentleman's state-
ment is utterly untenable upon the evidence
and the returns. The evidence shows that
Mr. Hunt received a clear majority of the
votes cast of 10,826, and a majority of all the
votes cast after giving to Mr. Sheldon all the
registered votes that were not cast in the alleged
disorderly parts of the district.
We are at variance on aether most material
point: that if Mr. Sheldon is permitted to
occupy this seat upon the votes cast in what
is called the orderly portion of the district it
will not be possible for him to do so as the
result of an election at which a majority of the
people of the district voted.
Sir, the record shows that there were regis-
tered 13,647 voters in the orderly parts of the
district out of an entire registration in the dis-
trict of 89,860; and the record further shows
that the total number of votes cast in that
orderly part of the district was 12,510, of which
4,582 were cast for Mr. Hunt, the contestant,
and 7,717 were cast for Mr. Sheldon, the sit-
ting member. Of the whole number of regis-
tered votes in that orderly part of the district
1,037 did not vote at all Those 1,037 con-
stituted about seven and a half percent, of the
whole registration in the orderly part of that
district. That completely sustains the position
I assumed at the outset, that the House ought
in justice to assume that at least seven per
cent, of the entire registered vote of the district
would sot have voted under the most favorable
circumstances. That would make it a phys-
ical impossibility that the sitting member could
in any state of the case have received a majority
of the registered votes or could have been fairly
and legally elected. Let the House remem-
ber, too, that in no part of this contest is it
anywhere claimed that any votes that were oast
for the contestant were illegally and fraudu-
lently cast, or that there was any fraud perpe-
trated upon the ballot-box in any way, or that
the officers were dishonest, or that the returns
were tampered with, or eleqtprs compelled to
vote against their consent for him. There is
no issue of that kind in the case.
This case will then stand upon the plain and
simple fact that if you permit the sitting mem-
ber to retain his seat hers it will be upon a
minority, a clear minority of the votes legally
cast, making a member of this House of one
who could not in any possible event, even with
tho utmost order at the polls on the day of
election, have obtained a majority of the votes
of the district. It will result, therefore, if he
be permitted to retain his seat, that he will be
elected a member of this House by the votes of
this House, and not by the votes of the people
of his district. The second congressional dis-
trict of the State of Louisiana did not elect him;
it did not want him here, and he will be recre-
ant to his manhood if he consent to hold the
seat on such conditions.
To further explain the error into which the
sitting member has fallen, unintentionally or
otherwise, I here present a tabulated explana-
tion of the discrepancy in his statements:
Mr. Hunt states that he received of the votes
cast in the whole district -19,340. Mr. Shel-
don states the number Mr. Hunt received to
be 18,328. Difference, 1,012.
Explanation.—Number of votes returned to
the secretary of State as cast for Mr. Hunt is
18,328. These are the figures Mr. Sheldon
takes. The votes cast at three polls in New
Orleans, which were returned by the commis-
sioners of election but did not reach the sec-
retary of State, were put in evidence before the
committee and appear in the printed testimony,
are legal votes and ought to be counted. Of
these votes Mr. Hunt received 1,012; Bhowing
the total, as Mr. Hunt states, of 19,840.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] has undertaken to come to the rescue
of his friend. I submit, with all respect to him,
that he has evidently done so without knowing
what he was doing ; he talks all at sea. He
has gotten up a chart or drawing by which he
attempted to captivate the judgment of mem-
bers on this floor, when he himself has not
examined this testimony and does not know
what he is talking about. This sort of ad
captandum argument, I submit, does not be-
come gentlemen who want to address them-
selves to the judicial mind of the House.
But the sitting member questions the pro-
priety of ray reference to the Republican party
in Louisiana. I want to say here, in justice
to him—for I mean no offense to him in a per-
sonal sense—that when I referred to his stand-
ing in the Republican party of Louisiana as a
candidate, or as a man unfit to be voted for, I
did so upon statements out of the mouths of
most respectable members of his own political
party. It was not my statement, but their state-
ments ; and upon them I stand, and this House
oughtto stand. His ovrn Republican voters in
Louisiana stood upon it and acted upon it, and
they were right. It is no issue between him
and mc, but between him and his own political
friends. There I leave it.
But tho gentleman undertakes to show that
the Army officers in command there did not do
their duty, that they were partisans, that they
were Democrats. Now, I do not think it
becomes that gentleman or any one else to
question the personal integrity of those Army
officers who were in command in New Orleans
in those troublesome times. It is conceded on
all hands that they conducted themselves as it
became soldiers to do. They did not go out,
os the bureau officers did, as General Hatch
and the other political friends of the gentleman
did, and undertake to make themselves politi-
cal partisans, to join in discussions at tho hust-
ings, and all that kind ofthing; butthey attended
to their military duties.
But an attempt is made to impeach the fair-
ness and propriety of conduct of General Rous-
seau. I desire to read from the testimony of
