674
APPENDIX TO TffE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
foreign and coasting trade on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States shall, before.the departure
of his vessel from a port in one collection dis-
trict to a port in another collection district,
present to the collector at the port of departure
duplicate manifests of his cargo, or, if he have
no cargo, duplicate manifests setting forth that
fact, which manifests shall be subscribed and
sworn or affirmed to by the master before the
collector, who shall indorse thereon his certifi-
cate of clearance, retaining one for the files
of his office; the other he shall deliver for the
use of the master. And in case such vessel
shall touch at any intermediate port in the
United States, and there discharge cargo taken
on board at an American port, or at such inter-
mediate ports shall take on board cargo destined
for an American port, the master of such ves-
sel shall not be required to report such lading
or unlading at such intermediate ports, but
shall enter the same on his manifest obtained
at the original port of departure, which he
shall deliver to the collector of the port at
which the unlading of the cargo is completed,
within twenty-four hours after arrival, and
shall subscribe and make oath (or affirm) as
to the truth and correctness of the same. And
the master of such vessel shall, before depart-
ing from a port in one collection district to a
place in another collection district, where there
is no custom-house, file his manifest and obtain
a clearance in manner aforesaid, and make
oath or affirmation to the manifest aforesaid,
which manifestand clearance shall be delivered
to the proper officer of customs at the port at
which said vessel next arrives after leaving the
place of destination specified in said clear-
ance: 1'rovided, That tho master of any vessel
with cargo, passengers, or baggage from any
foreign port or place shall obtaiu a permit and
comply with existing laws before discharging
or landing the same; And provided further,
That nothing in this section contained shall
exempt masters of vessels from reporting, as
now required by law, any goods, wares', or
merchandise destined for any foreign port:
And be it further 'provided, That 110 permit
shall be required for the unlading of cargo
brought from an American port.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho
master of any vessel enrolled or licensed as
aforesaid, destined with cargo from a place in
the United States, at which there may be no
custom-house, to a port where there may be a
custom-house, shall, within twenty-four hours
after arrival at the port of destination, deliver
to the proper officer of the customs a manifest,
subscribed by him, setting forth the cargo laden
at the place of departure, or laden or unladen
at any intermediate port or place, to the truth
of which manifest he shall make oath or affirm
before such officer: Provided, That if said
vessel have no cargo, the master shall not be
required to deliver such manifest.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That
steam-tugs duly enrolled and licensed to en-
gage in the foreign and coasting trade on
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers of the United States, when exclusively
employed in towing vessels, shall not be re-
quired to report and clear at the custom-house:
Provided, That when said steam-tugs shall be
employed in towing rafts or other vessels with-
out sail or steam motive-power, not inquired
to be enrolled or licensed under existing laws,
they shall be required to report and clear in
tho same manner as is hereinbefore provided i
in similar cases tor other vessels. I
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the I
manifests, certificates of clearance, oaths or !
affirmations, provided for by this act, shall be in !
such form, andprepared, filled up, and executed 1
in such manner, as the Secretary of the Treas- I
my may from time to time prescribe. j
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if i
the master of any enrolled or licensed vessel,
as aforesaid, shall neglect or fail to comply
with any of the provisions or requirements of
the foregoing sections of this act, such master
shall forfeit and pay to the United States the
sum of twenty dollars for each and every fail-
ure or neglect, and for which sum the vessel
shall be liable, and may be summarily pro-
ceeded against, by way of libel, in any district
court of the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That in
case the master or owner of any vessel shall
willfully and falsely swear or affirm to any of
the matters or facts herein required to be sworn
or affirmed to, said master or owner shall be
deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be liable
to all the fines and penalties imposed by exist-
ing laws punishing such offenses.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
from and after the passage of this act, the fol-
lowing fees shall be levied and collected from
the owners and masters of vessels enrolled or
licensed on the northern, northeastern, and
northwestern frontiers of tho United States,
and none other shall be received than those
herein specially enumerated:
For the admeasurement of any vessel, the
fees prescribed by section — of an act entitled
''An act  ," approved May six, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four.
For certificate of enrollment, including bond
and oath, one dollar and ten cents.
For granting license, including bond and
oath, if not over twenty tons, forty-five cents.
For granting license, including bond and
oath, above twenty and not over one hundred
tons, seventy cents.
For granting license, including bond and
oath, above one hundred tons, one dollar [and]
twenty cents.
For certifying manifest, including master's
oath, and grantmgpermit for vessel to go from
district to district, under fifty tons, twenty-live
cents.
For certifying manifest, including master's
oath, and granting permit for vessel to go from
district to district, over fifty tons, fifty cents.
For leceiving manifest, including master's
oath, on arrival of a vessel from one collection
district to another, whether touching at foreign
intermediate ports or not, under fifty tons,
twenty-five ccnts.
For receiving manifest, including master's
oath, on arrival of a vessel from one collection
district to another, whether touching at foreign
intermediate ports or not, over fifty tons, fifty
cents.
For certifying a manifest, including master's
oath, and granting permit to a vessel under fifty
tons, laden with a cargo destined for a port or
place in another district at which there is no
custom-house, twenty-five cents.
For certifying a manifest, including master's
oath, and granting permit to avessel above fifty
tons, laden with a cargo destined for a port or
place in another district at which there is no
custom-house, fifty cents.
For the entry of avessel of fifty tons or under,
direct from a foreign port, one dollar and fifty
cents.
For the entry of avessel above fifty tons,
direct from a foreign port, two dollars and fifty
cents.
For the clearance of a vessel of fifty tons or
under, direct to a foreign port, one dollar and
fifty cent.a.
For the clearance of a vessel above fifty tons,
direct to a foreign port, two dollars [and] fifty
cents : Provided, That vessels departing to or
arriving from a port in one district to or from
a port in an adjoining district, and touchingat
intermediate foreign ports, are exempted from
the payment of the entry fees.
For a port entry of such vessel, two dollars.
For permit to land or deliver goods, twentv
cents.
For a bond taken officially, not otherwise
provided for, fifty cents.
For permit to load goods for exportation
entitled to drawback, thirty cents.
For debenture or other official certificate not
otherwise provided for, twenty cents.
For recording all bills of sale, mortgages,
hypothecations, or conveyances of vessels, fifty
cents.
For recording all certificates for discharging
and canceling any such conveyances, fifty cents.
For furnishing a certificate setting forth the
names of the owners of any registered or en-
rolled vessel, the parts or proportions owned
by_ each, and also the material facts of any
existing bill of sale, mortgage, hypothecation,
orotherincumbrance; the date, amountofsuch
incumbrance, and from and to whom made, one
dollar.
For furnishing copies of such records for
each bill of sale, mortgage or other convey-
ance, fifty cents.
For receiving manifest of each railroad car
or other vehicle laden with goods, wares, or
merchandise, from a foreign contiguous terri-
tory, twenty-five cents.
For entry of goods, wares, or merchandise, for
consumption-warehouse, rewarehouse trans-
portation, or exportation, including oath and
permit to land or deliver, fifty cents.
For certificate of registry, including bond
and oath, two dollars [and] twenty-five cent.!.
For indorsement of change of masters on
registry, one dollar.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all
acts or parts of acts conflicting with this act
are hereby repealed.
Se<\ 9. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have authority
to ascertain the facts upon all applications for
remission of fines or penalties incurred under
the provisions of this act, where the amount in
question does not exceed one thousand dollars,
in such manner and under such regulations as
he may deem proper, and he may thereupon
remit or mitigate such fines or penalties, if in
his opinion the same shall have been incurred
without willful negligence or intention of fraud
in the person or persons incurring the same,
and all fines and penalties imposed or recov-
ered by this act shall, after deducting proper
costs and charges, be disposed of as provided
by section ninety-one, act of March two, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-nine.
AmiovEi), July 1, 1870.
Cn.u'. CLXXXVT.—An Act in relation to
Circuit Courts.
Be it enaetedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That nothing in the l,act
to amend the judicial system of the United
States,'' approved April ten, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, shall be construed to require a
circuit court to be held in any judicial district
in which a circuit court was not required to be
held by previously existing law.
Approved, July J, 1870.
Chap. CLXXXVJI.—An Act to define the
Intent of an Act entitled "An Aet to allow
Deputy Collectors of Internal Revenue act-
ing as Collectors the pay of Collector, and
for other purposes," approved March one,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ike United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the true intent and
meaning of an act approved March one, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, entitled "An act
to allow deputy collectors of internal revenue
acting as collectors, the pay of collectors, and
for other purposes," is as follows, to wit: that
any deputy collector of internal revenue who
