4520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
be lawful for any soldier to transfer, assign, barter,
or sell liis discharge, final statement, descriptive list,
or other paper, for the purpose of transferring, assign-
in4' bartering, or selling any interest in any bounty
under the provisions of this act; and all such trans-
fers, assignments, barters, or sales heretofore made
are hereby declared null and void as to any rights
intended so to be conveyed by any such soldier, sailor,
or marine.
Sec. 7. And ho it further enacted, That in any case
where a person entitled to receive payment of bounty
under the provisions of this bill shall make appli-
cation therefor, or where such application shall bo
made by the proper representative of such person,
being deceased, and the discharge of such person has
been lost, it shall be competent for the accounting:
officers to receive in lieu of the actual production of
such discharge proof of tho actual loss of the same,
andsecondary proof of its issueand contents, together
with proof of the identity of the claimant or person
deceased, undersueh rules defining tho character and
form of the evidenee as the Secretary of thcTrcusury
Department shall prescribe.
Before the reading of the bill was concluded,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I withdraw my de-
mand for the further reading of the hill. I
believe it is generally acceptable to the House,
and I trust there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the bill at the present time ?
Mr. AIINELL. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman reporting the bill what it would
cost ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee object?
Mr. ARNELL. I do not.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bu.timohe and potomac railroad.
Mr. GILFILLAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. "li. No. 2218) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to author-
ize the construction, extension, and use of a
lateral branch of the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad into and within the District of Colum-
bia," approved February 5, 1870; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred to-day; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order;
and I desire to say that the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] has put through a
bounty bill this morning, without objection on
the part of the House, which the chairman of
the Committee on Finance in the Senate [Mr.
Sherman] says will take S19,000,000 out of
the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked three
times in a loud voice if there was any objec-
tion to the bill, and none was made.
Mr. DAWES. I am not criticising the
Chair; I am only stating a fact to the House.
I now give notice that I shall call for the reg-
ular order immediately after the reading of
the Journal each morning from this time until
the end of the session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Wasthe gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] in his seat
this morning when the bill was passed?
Mr. DAWES. I was not, or I would have
objected to it, as I did when the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] asked leave to
present it the other day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was aware that
the bill had been objected to on a former occa-
sion, and asked for objection.
Mr. DAWES. I am not criticising the
Chair, for I myself heard the Chair ask for
objection; but as the bill was not read I did
not know what it was.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holmas] called for the reading of
the bill, and the reading was commenced.
After the first section had been read the gen-
tleman from Indiana rose and said lie with-
drew his call for the reading of the bill, and
hoped it would pass, as he thought there could
be no objection to it. The Chair then asked
three times in a distinct voice if there was ob-
jection to the bill, and none was made. The
question was then put on the passage of the
bill, and the announcement made by the Chair
that the bill liad passed, and that the motion
to reconsider would be laid on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I disclaim any intention to
criticise the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Members are well aware
that each day as soon as the Journal is read,
unless the regular order is then called for, it
is the universal practice of the House to enter-
tain business to which there is no objection.
Of course any member can cut off all such
business by calling for the regular order.
Mr. WARD. The House never did anything
better than to pass that bill.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair does not say
anything about that.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Does the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] object
to the bill itself, or to the taking so much money
out of the Treasury at this time?
Mr. DAWES. I could tell better if I knew
what the bill was. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Cobb] tried to get the bill in with-
out my knowledge.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. The gentleman
is mistaken. Idid not try to do any such thing.
] knew the gentleman had objected to the bill
three times, and I knew he would again if he
had the opportunity. I can only say that I
am glad he did not observe what was goingon.
The SPEAKER. Theregularorderis called,
which is the unfinished bill of yesterday, being
the Yerba Buena bill.
Mr. COBB, of'Wisconsin. Is not this Friday?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. And private bill
day V
The SPEAKER. It is; but the Yerba Buena
bill comes over from yesterday as unfinished
business under the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I desire to say
in this connection that as we have received
notice that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] will hereaft.er insist on tho reg-
ular order every morning, he may find that is
a game which several can play at. And I give
liini notice that there are others here who may
feel it to he their duty to insist on the regular
order even when he asks, as he often does, for
unanimous consent for some bill which he
desires to have passed.
Mr. LOGAN. As an attack has been made
on the Committee on Military Affairs for re-
porting the bounty bill which has just passed,
I desire to say a few words. I have heard
statements made here which are not correct.
This bill which gentlemen say will take so much
money out of the Treasury is merely a bill
equalizing bounties; to give each man entitled
to bounty eight dollars and a little more each
month he was in the service, instead of giving
each man $100, no matter what may have been
the length of his term of service. It is not an
additional bounty bill, but one to equalize
bounties.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is not this the same
bill the House has passed heretofore?
Mr. LOGAN. It is the same bill which has
passed the House several times, almost by
unanimous consent.
Mr. IIOLMAN. And everybody under-
stood the bill.
The SPEAKER. This debate is not in
order. The bill which gentlemen are discuss-
ing has been passed, and the motion to recon-
sider its passage has been laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holmast] asks unanimous consent
to make a statement. Is there objection?
Several members objected.
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes, as
unfinished business, the consideration of the
bill (IT. R. No. 2214) relating to the Western
Pacific railroad. The pending question is,
"Will the House order the main question on
the passage of the bill?"
On the question, there were—ayes G6,
noes 05.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holm ax an d
Mr. Wheeler were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 64, noes 68.
Mr. WHEELER called for the yeas and
nays.
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in tho affirmative—ayes 77, nays 74, not voting
79; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Asper, Atwood, Axtcll,
Aycr, Bailey, Barry, Beaman,Bennett, Blair, Boles,
Booker, Boyd, Buck, Buckley. Burdett,, Benjamin
1?. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, William X.Clark, Con-
ger, Cowles, Dixon, Doekery, Dyer, Farnsworth,
Ferriss. Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, Hamilton, Harris,
Hays, liooper.IIotchkits, Jer.ekcs, Johnson, Kelloss,
Iteisey, Ketcliain, Knapp. Lntiin, Lash, Logan, -Mc-
Carthy, McKenzic, Jesse H. Moore, Nesley, Palmer,
Peck, Perec. Piatt, Poland. Porter, Rogers, Roots,
Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
Joseph S. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stokes, Sioughton, Strickland, Talk-. Tanner, Till-
man, Townsend, Trimble, Twicheli, Van Horn,
Wheeler, Wliitinorc, Eugene M. Wilson, and
Witehei—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam?, Ambler, Archer, Bonks,
Beatty, Bcck, Benton, Bikss, Bird, Butlinton, Bur-
chard. Buir, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conner,
Cox, CuUoin, Dickinson, Donlev, Duval. Ela, Eld-
ridge, Ferry, Fox, Garfield, Haijrht, llambleton,
Ilamtl, Hawkins, llay, Iiolman, Tnomas L. Jones,
J nil an, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis. Marshall, May hum,
MeCormick, McKec, MoNeely, Mercnr, Eliakim H.
Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Alun-
gen, Niblack, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Phelps,
Potter, Reeves, Scbumuker, Shanks, Sherrod, John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Strong,
Sivann, Sweeney, Tyncr. Upson, Van Trump, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Weiker, Wells, John 'X. \Vii -
son, and Winchester—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Arneil,
Barnum, Benjamin, Bingham, Bowen, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Roderick K, Butler, Cake,
Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Covode, Urebs,Davis, Dawes, Degener,Dickey, Dox,
Finkelnburg, Get'/., Gilflllan, Griswold, Haldeman,
Hale, Hawlcy, Heaton, Hetlin, Hill, Hoar, Hose. In
gersoll, Alexander IX. Jones. Judd, Kelley, Kerr,
Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew,
Milnes, Morphia, Daniel J.MorrelJ, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Myers, Ncwsham. O'Neill, Peters, Pomeroy,
Prosser, Randall, Rico, Ridgway, Sanford, Sehenek,
Scofield, Shober, Slocum.Worthinirton C.Smith, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stone, Taylor, Van Auken, Van
Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace, Ward. William B. Wash-
burn, Wilkinson, WiUard, Williams,Wmans, Wood,
and Woodward—70.
So the main question was ordered.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. FINKELNBURG. On this question I
am paired with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Keller. If he were here he would
vote "ay," while I should vote in the negative.
Mr. AIINELL. I am paired on this question
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr.
Moekell, who, if here, would vote "ay,''
while I should vote " no."
Mr. McGrREW. Upon the votes on this bill
I am paired with General Cake, of Pennsyl-
vania. li' he were present he would vote in
the affirmative, and ! should vote in the nega-
tive.
Mr. DICKEY. I am paired upon this bill
with my colleague, Mr. Covode. If he were
here he would vote " ay," and [ should vote
" no."
Mr. PROSSER. Onthisqnestioulam paired
with tho gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr.
Taylor, who, it' he were present, would vote
"no," while I should vote "ay."
Mr. COX. I desire to announce that my
colleague, Mr. Wood, has been called home
by sickness in his family. As members ate
doubtless aware, from his course yesterday, he
is opposed to this bill.
