1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2633
General Steadman,asbrave a soldier as ever bore
a sword, and one who during the recent war was
one of the ablest and noblest defenders of the
Union. He was the personal friend and con-
stant associate of General Rousseau, who com-
manded the district at the time of this election,
and he testifies as follows:
" Question. Did you over hear him express a desire
that the Republicans should not vote ?
"Answer. No, sir. On the contrary, ho expressed
a desire that they should vote. He said to me.
'Steddy,'(as he was in the habit of calling me,) 'I
am afraid that those Republicans are not going to
vote.' We discussed it considerably. I told him
that I thought they would vote. ' Well,' said he,' I
hope tbey will. I am very anxious that they should
vote. I would liketohave everybody vote.' Ithink
that was perhaps two days before the election. It
was immediately preceding the election."
Throughout the very lengthy testimony of
General Steadman, he speaks in the utmost
detail of the conduct and bearing, the wishes,
the feelings and purposes of General Rous-
seau, all of which were in favor of a fair, equal,
just, and legal election. General Rousseau
never tolerated or desired any other kind ; and
it is an unjust aspersion upon the character of
a dead soldier to charge or intimate any such
thing.
Mr. Speaker, the sitting member has ven-
tured to assert of General Hancock, another
of the most honorable and illustrious soldiers
that our country or any other nation has pro-
duced, that he is a mere political trickster. In
reply to this, it is only necessary for me to say
that such a slander from such a source cannot
injure General Hancock.
I understand, Mr. Speaker, it is being in-
dustriously whispered on the other side of the
House that my estimate of the returns from
this district involves some fundamental error
of a thousand or more votes, and that there-
fore I am not justified in my conclusion. If
gentlemen had given attention to my remarks
and to the statements of facts which I have
made, no such doubts could now disturb their
minds. But as usual in such cases as this, the
majority in this House are not anxious to hear
the truth and master the facts in the case. It
is no time now for me to go into any further
discussion of those details; but I challenge
the successful contradiction of a single item in
my tabulated statement of the returns. It was
made in a fair, candid, judicial spirit; I desired
to reach no result but a fair and legal result.
But if I were in error to the extent of 1,000
or 2,000 or 5,000 votes, I do not believe the
House ought to permit the sitting member to
occupy the scat, because it is the duty of this
House on the law of this case, on the facts and
history of this political canvass, to base its
judgment and its action upon the conceded
majority ©f the votes that were cast in the en-
tire district. You have no right to reject the
precincts in the city of New Orleans and the
parish of Jefferson. The elections there were
fairly held-; they were perfectly peaceful. No
election with which this House has had. any-
thing to do was ever more absolutely uninter-
rupted by disorder or confusion than was this
election in the city of New Orleans. It is con-
ceded on the other side that in all the district,
with the exception of a few precincts, the elec-
tion was peaceful and legal. And in those
parts of the district which my colleague pro-
poses to reject no scintilla of disorder is shown
by the evidence.
Peace reigned throughout the city of New
Orleans and the parish of Jefferson on the day
of the election. Why, then, will you attempt
to reject the votes of these parts of the district
because disorder existed a week before the elec-
tion? The Republican party of Louisiana,
knowing that they were defeated boyond all
hope, chose to ignore their obligations unner
the laws, to retire to their homes, and say, We
will not vote, because we are beaten now upon
the registration and by the canvass. _ We will
let the election go by default, staying away
from the polls, and then we will raise the hue
and cry of intimidation, disorder, bloodshed,
murder, and all that kind of stuff." Here we
have the case presented just as it was predicted
it would be.
Mr. Speaker, there is no justice in it. It is
a pretext that can always be gotten up. It is
a subterfuge by which it is within the power
of political tricksters to claim a seat in Con-
gress. I appeal to the House not to suffer
this kind of trick to be successful.- I appeal
to the House not to decide this case on the
ground of passion or sympathy, or anything
else but the strong, high, andhonorable ground
of legal propriety and right. The object of
every contest in this House should be to de-
termine whom the electors have chosen, not
whom the partisans in this Hall may desire to
retain.
I hope before the House establishes a pre-
cedent of this kind it will remember that it
will bo the first example in the history of the
country. It will be the first time the House,
after grave consideration and deliberate and
fall examination, gave a seat to a man who did
not have and could not have had a majority of
the votes cast or that could have been cast.
It will be the first time the House, seeking to
seat one of its political friends, has with full
knowledge defied the law and itself elected a
member whom his constituents notoriously
refused to indorse or elect.
Mr. Speaker, it is not with pleasure I at any
time discuss questions of this kind in this House.
My experience during the time I have been a
member of Congress has persuaded me, not-
withstanding the late declaration of this House
in reference to the judicial determination of
these cases, that they are never determined
judicially by the majority here, and I am com-
pelled to adopt the judgment of a former
chairman of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Dawes,] that they are decided on grounds of
mere partisan character and wishes. You suffer
no barriers of fact or law to defeat the accom-
plishment of your ends. I deplore it, bat I
believe it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope the House in the
determination of this case this day between the
sitting member and the contestant will be
governed by what are the real facts, and that
each member, upon his conscience and oath,
will take the record, look at this evidence,
and determine as it becomes him, as a judge,
whom the people have elected, and him admit
to the seat, ana rebuke the attempt of any other
person to force himself upon the House or that
unhappy constituency either by fraud, false
clamor, or partisan appeals.
fHere the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I have
no time nor do 1 propose to follow the gentle-
man from Indiana in his many assertions of
fact upon which I differ with him. He makes
a point, and dwells on it, upon the compara-
tive number of votes cast for Mr. Hunt to those
registered. In the first place, I have to say
he differs from me in that, and differs irom
the record. In the report of the committee
the number of votes cast in the whole district
for Mr. Hunt was 18,341. He did not receive
a majority of the registered vote, but according
to the gentleman's theory, if the registered
vote all over the district had been cast in the
same proportion as it was cast in the peace-
able districts against Mr. Hunt, Mr. Sheldon
would have received a majority of the registered
votes. ,
This is a question of fact to be determined
from the record. My attention is called to the
fact that this assertion is made in the minority
report. The majority report was made first,
as majority reports generally _ are, and was
printed aweekbefore the minority reporteame
out. The error has been corrected in the de-
bate by the sitting member, [Mr. Sheldox,]
who is familiar with the figures, and knows
the whole of the facts better than any other
gentleman on this floor. I believe his state-
ment to be correct. But suppose that the
assertion lam referring to were true, why, can
you believe that in a city like New Orleans,
where only a hundred and twenty-four men
dared to go and vote for their candidate; many
were not compelled to vote against their can-
didate? The testimony shows that in the
rural districts of Louisiana men were com-
pelled to go to the polls with arms held on their
bodies, and compelled to vote the Democratic
ticket. The testimony shows that men's liveli-
hood, their property, the peace of their fami-
lies, and their own lives depended on their
voting the Democratic ticket. Colored men
were seen voting the Democratic ticket with the
tears streaming down their faces. I say it was
no election in that part of the district. It was
a farce. It was worse than a farce, it was a
horrid tragedy that took place there. _ And
you have no right to count it at all. It is not
worthy to be counted even for the sake of
argument.
Mr. MUNGEN. The gentleman says that
a negro was seen voting the Democratic ticket
with tears running down his cheeks. I should
like to have the name of that negro, that it may
go down on the page of history.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have not time to go
into that just now. In another case—there
will be more instances of this kind for the
gentleman's satisfaction—the negro wept be-
cause he was compelled to vote the Demo-
cratic ticket. It was a bitter pill. He was
voting for his ancient hereditary enemy, and
therefore he wept.
And here I may remark that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] has chosen to abuse,
as ignorant and stupid, the negroes who ap-
peared before the committee. I acknowledge
that many of them are ignorant. I acknowl-
edge that as a race, alas I they are ignorant.
But who is to blame for that ? Who is to blame
but their old masters, who ground them down
beneath the heel of tyranny and made it a crime
for the white man to teach a black man ? A
witness was brought before us who had learned -
to read by stealth, and who when he undertook
to learn to write had his forefinger taken off,
lest he should learn to write. And yet, for-
sooth, we have champions of Democracy re-
proaching these people with their ignorance.
That, I think, is a glorying in their own shame.
But the dullest and most stupid negro who ap-
peared before the committee, one who thought
that Vicc President Colfax was black because
he had seen a dark-colored picture of that gen-
tleman, and concluded therefore he must be a
a black man ; that man had sense enough and
knew enough to justify before the committee
his voting, or wanting to vote, the Republican
ticket. He was asked what General Grant was
in favor of. " He said he was a good man who
wanted to give equal rights to all—the same
rights to the black man as he gave to the white. •
The most stupid negro who appeared before ua
as a Republican witness had that much sense.
He knew that the Republican party was the
party of liberty and of right, and that is enough
for any man to justify his vote for it.
On the other side there were some highly
intelligent men who had been hired to stump
for the Democracy. One of them said he was
a Democrat because his father was a Demo-
crat before him. Another said he was a Dem-
ocrat because his old master was a Democrat.
Another said he wanted to vote the Demo-
cratic ticket because Mr. Bailey, his friend,
was running on it. and that was all he knew
about it. .
Now, Mr. Speaker, this whole case lies in a
nutshell. The question is, and that is the
whole of it, whether the party having arms m
its hands, having the physical power, has the
right for a week before the election to murder
and to slay ad libitum, and then, when it has
conquered its political opponents, driven them
from the streets find driven them out of the
canvass, compelled them to seek shelter in
hiding-places so as to keep out of the way ot
the tengeance of marauders and murderers,
that it can then, having by the force of arms
