1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4521
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that I was
not in the House during the calling of the roll
just concluded. I can only say that if I had
been here I should have voted "ay."
Mr. REEVES. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I wish the Speaker to state
what portion of to-day is devoted to business
of the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule of the
House the whole of to-day, after two o'clock,
is assigned to that committee.
Mr. REEVES. I move that the House take
a recess till two o'clock.
On the motion there were—ayes 83, noes 81.
Mr. BURR. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion. I would like to make a sugges-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, [Mr. Wheeler,] if he will
hear me for a moment.
The SPEAKER. Is there unanimous con-
sent that the gentleman from. Illinois [Mr.
Burnt] may make a statement?
Mr. AXTELL. I object.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 25, nays 130, not voting
75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler. Archer, Beatty,
Beck, Burehard, Burr, Ela, Fox, Garfield, IXolman,
Thomas L. Jones. Kerr, Lawrence. McNeely, Mor-
phis, Morrissey, Mungen, Iteeves, Sherrod, John A.
Smith, Stiles, Van Trump, Cadwalacler C. Wash-
burn, and Winchester—25.
NAYS—Hcs rs. Allison, Armstrong, Aspcr, At-
wood, Axteli, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bcaman,
Benjamin, Benton, Biggs.Bird,Blair, Boles,Booker,
Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Cessna,
William T. Clark, Ciinton L. Cobb, OoBurn. Cook,
Conger, Conner, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Dickinson,
Bixon, Doekery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth,
Ferriss,Ferry,Finketnburg, Usher,Fitch,(Jots,Gib-
son, till ill! an, Griswold, Haiglit, Uambleton. Hamil-
ton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley. lias's, lloar, Hooper,
Ilotchkiss, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kellogg, ICel-
sey, Ketcham, Knapp, Baffin, Lasli. Lewis, Logan,
Marshall. Mayliam. McCarthy, JleCrary. McGrcw,
Mc'Kco, MeXenzie, Mercur, Fhakim II. Moore. Wil-
liam Moore, Morgan. Negley, Niblaek, On Si, Pack-
ard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peek, Perce, Phelps,
Plait, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rogers,
Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon
Porter Sheldon, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swaim,
Tafte, Tanner. Towrisend, Trimble, Twichell. Tyner,
Van Horn, Waid, William li. Washburn, Walker,
Wells. Wliitmore, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Wironis, and Witcher—130.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Barnum.
Bennett, Bingham,Bowen,Geor".eM. Brooks, James
Biooks, Benjamin i:'. Butler, Koderick II. Butler,
Cake, Calkin, Churchill, Sidney Ciarke, Cleveland,
Aniasa Cobb, Covode, Cox, Crebs, Davis, Degener,
Dickey, Dox, Eldridge, Haldeman, Hale, Iiamill,
Hay, lieaton, Heiiin, Hill, Hoge, Ingersoll, Alex-
ander H.Jones, Judd, Keller. Knott, Loughridge,
Lynch, Maynaid, McCormick, Milnes, Jesse 11.
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P.Morrill, Myers,
Newsham, O'Neill, Peters, Potter, Randall, Rice,
Iiidgway, Sanford, Schenck, Sehumaker, Scolield,
Siocum, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stone, Sweeney, Taylor, Tillman, Upson, \ an
Anken, Van W.vck. Voorhees. Wallace, Wheeler,
Willard, Williams,Wood, and Woodward—73.
So the House refused to take a recess.
coni'hhenca committee.
The SPEAKER announced that lie had op-
pointed as managers of the conference on the
part of the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on House bill No. 1987, to
delino the duties of pension agents, and for
other purposes, Mr. Benjamin, Mr. Bextox,
and Mr. Bird.
western pacific railroad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
navs on that proposition. I desire to state- 
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURR. Pending the motion to adjourn,
I move that when the House adjourns it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next, and on that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Twichell were appointed.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
twenty-four; more than one fifth of those
present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 27, nays 119, not voting
84; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs, Archer, Beatty, Beck, Benton,
Biggs, Burr, Coburn, Dickinson, Ela, Garfield, Gris-
woid, Ilambleton. IJay, Jloltnan, Thomas L. jones,
Kerr. Knott, Lewis, McNeely, Mungen, Keeves, Sho-
ber, Stiles, Sweeney, Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, and Winchester—27.
KAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, As-
per, Atwood, Axteli. Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry,
Benjamin, Bennett,Bird, Blair,Boles. Booker,Boyd,
^Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard.Burdett, Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb,
Ciinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowies, Caliom,
Dawes, Dixon, Doekery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Fer-
ris.-:, Ferry, Finkehiburg, Fisher, Fitch, Get®, Ilaight,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hays, Hooper, Iloteh-
kiss, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Keisey,
Ketehain, Knapp, Laflin, Lush, Marshall, Mayham,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, jVlcKenzio, Mercur, J esse H. Moore, William
Moore, Negley, Niblaek, Orfch, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Peck, Phelps. Piatt. Poland, Pome-
roy, Porter, Prosser, Rogers, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porcer Sheldon, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith. William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland, Strong, Swann, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman,
Townsend, Trimble, Twicheil, Tyner, Van Auken,
Ward, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore,
Bugone M.Wilson, John T. Wilson, W mans, and
W itcher—119.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arnell,
Barnum, Bearnan, Bingham, Bowen, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, llod-
erick 11. Butler, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Conner, Covode, Cox, Crebs. D avis. Degener, Dickey,
Dox, Eldndge, Farnsworth, Fox, Gibson, GiIfi!fan,
Haldeman, Hale, Iiamill, Hawley, lieaton, Jleflin,
Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones.
Jmid, Kellogg, Lawrence, Logan,Loughridge, Lynch,
McKoe, Millies. 10 li a. Id in 11. Moore. .Morgan, Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Jlorriil, Morris-
sey, My or;-, Newsham, 0'Areill, Porce, Peters, Potter,
ltaaidall, Kioe, Eidgway, Sanford, Schenck, Schu-
maker, Scoiieid, Sherrod, Slocum, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Taylor, Upson,
Van Trump.Van Wyek, Voorhees. Wallace, Weiker,
Welis, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, Wood and
W oodward—8-1.
So the House refused to adjourn over till
Monday.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement. I have voted for this bill
in every stage of it. I now ask that the minor-
ity have fifteen minutes, which, on account of
a misapprehension, they did not have at the
time when they had an opportunity of debating
the bill tor that length of time, and then let
the vote be taken and the fate of the bill de-
cided, unless the majority desire to answer, in
which case fifteen minutes ma-' be given to the
majority.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. So far as
I can speak for the minority, I will say that
we are perfectly willing to agree to that arrange-
ment, and that after the time the gentleman
states has been allowed for debate, the vote
shall bo taken.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman in charge of this bill whether he
will not allow an amendment to the effect that
the grant of the island shall be made upon the
payment in advance of such reasonable consid-
eration as the Secretary of the Interior may
ascertain and fix, so that the grant may be a
sale for a consideration and not a gift.
Mr. ROOTS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether be will be willing
also to require that the purchaser shall give a
guarantee that a railroad shall be built con-
necting the island with the main land.
Mr. FITCH. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts what assurance we have,
if bis proposition is accepted, that the filibus-
tering will not continue?
Mr. DAWES. Unanimous consent by the
House would give such an assurance.
Mr. BURR. What the minority desire is
that the reasons against the passage of this bill
should be put on record. The proposition of
the gentleman from Massachusetts will have
that effect. If the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] is permitted to have fifteen
minutes on behalf of the minority, 1, at all
events, will throw no further obstacles in the
way of having a vote on the merits or demerits
of the case.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the arrangement
will be entirely satisfactory to this side of the
House.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to say a word or
two before entering upon the general subject.
In the first place, 1 wish to put myself right in
regard to the gentleman from Wisconsin. It
was the understanding yesterday that when the
previous question was seconded by the House
the gentleman from Wisconsin should have fif-
teen minutes, and that other gentlemen should
also have some time, and I expected to have
time to close the debate. But when the dil-
atory motions began on the part of gentlemen
on the other side, I turned to my friend from
Wisconsin and said they were using up by these
motions the time in which, by arrangement, he
was to make his speech. I say this in regard
to the question of good faith between the gen-
tleman and myself. And now, as regards the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] if the gentleman from Wis-
consin is to have fifteen minutes, I also claim
fifteen minutes, because yesterday I had no
portion of the hour to which I was entitled to
close debate.
Mr. BURR. I think that is right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As that would leave less
than the hour which belongs to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions to-day between the time
this matter would be disposed of and the com-
ing up of the District of Columbia business,
I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object. It is for the gentleman who
has charge of the bill to say how he shall dis-
pose of the hour to which lie is entitled to close
debate. The gentleman from New York will
be recognized for that purpose, and may yield
what time he chooses to the gentleman from
Wisconsin.
Mr. WHEELER. I yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin on the distinct understanding
that after the gentleman shall have concluded
his remarks and I shall have concluded mine
there is unanimous consent that, without any
dilatory motions, the vote shall then be taken
on the final passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin and the gentleman from New York hav-
ing each fifteen minutes ?
Mr. WHEELER. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will understand
that by general consent, after fifteen minutes
have been occupied by each side, the vote shall
betaken on the question, "Shall the bill pass?"
With that understanding the Chair will enter-
tain no other motion.
Mr. AMBLER. Is it the understanding that
the amendment suggested by my colleague [Mr.
Garfiei.d] is to be considered as pending to
this bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill is not amendable
under the rules in its present shape, and the
Chair did not understand that that was a part
of the proposed arrangement. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wheeler] being entitled
to the floor to close the debate on this bill has
the right to yield, and the Chair understands
that he does yield for fifteen minutes to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to say, in justice to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wheeler,] that I attribute no bad
faith to him in this matter ; that he has acted
in perfect good faith. But 1 have so little time I
can waste none in compliments. What is the
question now presented to the House, and
which it is attempted to put through under the
gag of the previous question without giving
me the poor privilege ol filtecn minutes to
explain it? Sir, if the member from the
