1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
Laios of the United States.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
has performed, or may hereafter perform,
under authority of law, the duties of collector
of internal revenue in consequence of any
vacancy in the office of said collector-, shall be
entitled to, and shall receive the salary and
commissions allowed by law to such collector,
or the allowance in lieu of said salary and
commissions allowed by the Secretary of the
Treasury to such collector, and that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized to make
to the said deputy collector such allowance in
lieu of salary and commissions as he would by
law be authorized to make to said collector.
And said deputy collector shall not be debarred
from receiving said salary and commissions,
or allowance in lieu thereof, by reason of the
holding of another Federal office by said col-
lector during the time for which said deputy
collector acts as collector : Pi'ovided, That all
payments to said deputy collector shall be upon
duly audited vouchers.
Approved, July 1, 1870,
Chap. CLXXXVIII.—An Act to change the
Place of holding the Courts of the United
States for the Albemarle District of North
Carolina.
Be it enactedby the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the district court of
the United States for the Albemarle district
of North Carolina, now required to be held in
the town of Edenton, shall hereafter be held
in the town of Elizabeth City, in said State;
and no recognizance, writ, process, order, or
notice now returnable in said court, at Eden-
ton, shall be affected by said change, but shall
be deemed returnable at Elizabeth City.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CLXXX1X.—An Act to prevent the
Extermination of Fur-bearing Animals in
Alaska.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be unlawful
to kill any fur seal upon the islands ot Saint
Paul and Saint George, or in the waters adja-
cent thereto, except during the months of
June, July, September, and October, in each
year; and it shall be unlawful to kill such seals
at any time by the use of fire-arms, or use
other means tending to drive the seals away
from said islands: Provided, That the natives
of said islands shall have the privilege of kill-
ing such young seals as may be necessary for
their own food and clothing during other
months, and also such old seals as may be
required for their own clothing and for the
manufacture of boats for their own use, which
killing shall be limited and controlled by such
regulations as shall be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be unlawful to kill any female seal, or any
seal less than one year old, at any season ot
the year, except as above provided; and it
shall also be unlawful to kill any seal in the
waters adjacent to said islands, or on the
beaches, cliff's, or rocks where they haul up
from the sea to remain; and any person who
bhall violate either of the provisions of this or
the first section of this act shall be punished,
on conviction thereof, for each offense by a
fine of not less than two hundred dollars nor
more than one thousand dollars, or by impris-
onment not exceeding six months, or by such
fine and imprisonment both, at the discretion
of the court having jurisdiction and taking
cognizance of the o flense; and all vessels,
tackle, apparel, and furniture, whose crew shall
be found engaged in the violation of any of the
provisions of this act shall be forfeited to the
United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That for
the period of twenty years from and after the
passage of this act the number of fur-seals
which may be killed for their skins upon the
island of Saint Paul is hereby limited and
restricted to seventy-five thousand per annum;
and the number of fur- seals which may be killed
for their skins upon the island of Saint George
is hereby limited and restricted to twenty-five
thousand per annum: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may restrict aud limit the
right of killing if it shall become necessary for
the preservation of such seals, with such pro-
portionate reduction of the rents reserved to
the Government as shall be right and proper ;
and if any person shall knowingly violate either
of the provisions of this section, he shall, upon
due conviction thereof, be punished in the
same way as provided herein for a violation
of the provisions of the first and second sec-
tions of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That im-
mediately after the passage of this act the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall lease, for the rental
mentioned in section six of this act, to proper
and responsible parties, to the best advantage
of the United States, having due regard to the
interests of the Government, the native inhab-
itants, the parties heretofore engaged in trade,
and the protection of the seal fisheries, for a
term of twenty years from the first day of May,
eighteen hundred and seventy, the right to
engage in the business of taking fur-seals on
the islands of Saint Paul and Saint George,
and to send a vessel or vessels to said islands
forthe skins of such seals, giving to the lessee
or lessees ofsaid islands alease, duly executed,
in duplicate, not transferable, and taking from
the lessee or lessees of said islands a bond,
with sufficient sureties, in a sum not less than
five hundred thousand dollars, conditional for
the faithful observance of all the laws and re
quirements of Congress and of tho regulations
of the Secretary of the Treasury touching the
subject matter of taking fur-seals, and dis-
posing of the same, and for the payment of
all taxes and dues accruing to the United
States connected therewith. And in making
said lease, the Secretary of the Treasury shall
have due regard to the preservation of the seal
fur-trade of said islands, and the comfort,
maintenance, and education of the natives
thereof. The said lessees shall furnish to the
several masters of vessels employed by them
certified copies of the lease held by them re-
spectively, which shall be presented to the
Government revenue officer forthe time being
who may be in charge at the said islands
as the authority of the party for landing aud
taking skins.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That at
the expiration of said tenn of twenty years, or
on surrender or forfeiture of any lease, other
leases may be made in manner as aforesaid for
other terms of twenty years; but 110 persons
other than American citizens shall be permit-
ted, by lease or otherwise, to occupy said
islands, or either of them, for the purpose of
taking the skins of fur seals therefrom, nor
! shall any foreign vessel be engaged in taking
1 such skins; and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall vacate and declare any lease forfeited if
the same be held or operated for the use, ben-
efit, or advantage, directly or indirectly, of any
person or persons other than American citi-
zens. Every lease shall contain a covenant on
the part of the lessee that he will not keep, sell,
furnish, give, or dispose of any distilled spirits
or spirituous liquors on either of said islands
to any of the natives thereof, such person not
being a physician and furnishing the Same for
use as medicine; and any person who shall
kill any fur-seal on either ot said islands, or
in the waters adjacent thereto, without author-
ity of the lessees thereof, and any person who
shall molest, disturb, or interfere with said
lessees, or either of them, or their agents or
employes in the lawful prosecution of their
business, under the provisions of this act, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall
for each offense, on conviction thereof, be pun-
ished in the same way and by like penalties'
as prescribed in the second section of this
act; and all vessels, their tackle, apparel, ap-
purtenances, and cargo, whose crews shall be
found engaged in any violation of either of the
provisions of thi3 section, shall be forfeited to
the United States; and if any person or com-
pany, under any lease herein authorized, shall
knowingly kill, or permit to be killed, any num-
ber of seals exceeding the number for each
island in this act prescribed, such person or
comoany shall, in addition to the penalties and
forfeitures aforesaid, also forfeit the whole
number of the skins of seals killed in that year,
or, in case the stme have been disposed of,
then said person or company shall forfeit the
value of the same. And it shall be the duty
of any revenue officer, officially acting as such
on either of said islands, to seize and destroy
any distilled spirits or spirituous liquors found
thereon: Provided, That such officershall make
detailed report of his doings to the collector
of the port.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the
annual rental to be reserved by said lease shall
not be less than fifty thousand dollars per an-
num, to be secured by deposit of United States
bonds to that amount, and in addition thereto
a revenue tax or duty of two dollars is hereby
laid upon eachfnr-seal skin taken and shipped
from said islands, during the continuance of
such lease, to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby empowered and authorized to
rhake all needful rules and regulations for the
collection and payment of the same, for the
comfort, maintenance, education, and protec-
tion of the natives of said islands, and also for
carrying into full effect all the provisions of
this act: Provided further, That the Secretary
of the Treasury may terminate any lease given
to any person, company, or corporation on full
and satisfactory proof of the violation of any
of the provisions of this act or the rules and
regulations established by him: Provided fur-
ther, That tho Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to deliver to the owners the
fur-seal skins now stored on the islands, on the
payment of one dollar for each of said skins
taken and shipped away by said owners.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the seventh and eighth sections
of "an act to extend the laws of the United
States relating to customs, commerce, and
navigation over the territory ceded to the Uni-
ted States by llussia, to establish a collection
district therein, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, shall be deemed to apply to
this act; and ail prosecutions for offenses com-
mitted against the provisions of this act, and
all other proceedings had because of the vio-
lations of the provisions of this act, and which
are authorized by said act above mentioned,
shall be in accordance with the provisions
thereof; and all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted,_ That the
Congress may at any time hereafter alter,
amend, or repeal this act.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Ciiai'. 0X0.—An Act to create a Port o
Delivery at Vallf-jo, California.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Vallejo, in the Stato
of California, shall be, and is hereby, consti-
tuted a port of delivery, within the collection
