4522
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
Brooklyn district of the State of New York
should come in here with a proposition to give
Governor's Island to the Long Island railway,
and to allow that Long Island Railway Com-
pany to bridge the channel between Long Island
ana Governor's Island, that proposition would
be identical with the one now beiore the House.
What is this Goat Island or Yerba Buena?
It is an island of some one hundred and ten or
one hundred and twenty acres in extent, lying
in the harbor of San Francisco, less than two
wiles from the city front of that city, and en-
tirely commanding it. This is an old acquaint-
ance of mine. There was an attempt madesome
three years ago by another company to get hold
of this island; and the attempt was resisted by
the engineer department of the Army. The
now President of the United States, who was
then Secretary of War, said, in the presence of
members of this House whom I could name,
that on no consideration should that island or
any part of it ever bo parted with by the Gov-
ernment. A commission of the ablest officers
of the engineer department, consisting of Gen-
erals Elliot, Mendell, and Alexander, was sent
there at that time to determine whether this
island or any portion of it could be parted with
by the Government. They made their report
at length, which I have here and will append
to my remarks. Tliey state most unequivocally
that it would be most disastrous to the Govern-
ment to part with it j that it was necessary for
the defense of the city of San Francisco and
i he harbor of San Francisco. That was the
ground upon which they based their opposition
to such a grant, as is now proposed; and at the
pauie time, writing from the city of San Fran-
cisco, they say:
"This island h regarded in this city as avery valu-
nhle piece of property. If tho public mind could bo
disabused of tho idea that it may be obtained, tor
railroad and commercial purposes by an act of C011-
prress, and if the Government were disposed to sell the
inland, and wero to putitur- at auction to be sold to the
highest bidder, it would probably bring $5,000,000.
This is the property which it is proposed we
shall give away to this railroad company, to
which wo have already given $55,000,000, be-
sides untold millions of acres of land. And
my friend from New York [Mr. Wheeler] has
referred to that as a reason for the passage of
this bill; that we had invested $50,000,000
already in this road, arid in order to make that
§55,000,000 available we should give the com-
pany $5,000,000 more.^ Now, I say to you,
that although we have given to this company
355,000,000 of bonds, with the understanding
that it was but a loan, yet, as I have said before
in this House, we shall have to pay every dol-
lar of these bonds. This company has not even
paid one dollar of interest on these bonds,
except a little that they have worked out at
extravagant rates for transportation of Gov-
ernment troops and Government supplies.
It is an unpleasant matter for me to appear
here as I do, and I do it only in obedience to
a sense of public duty. I know what I am
attacking here, the most powerful corporation
in the United States; a corporation that can
make Representatives and Senators, and I do
not know but they can make Presidents. But
I have a duty to perform here, and I propose
to perform it, and I care not who stands in my
way. Now, sir, General Humphreys, one of
tbe ablest engineer officers of the country, has
taken great interest in this matter. And since
] have been sitting here this morning he has
sent me a report which he made some three
years ago, to which he has appended a pencil
note, which I will read. The report was in
reference to a proposition to take possession
of this island by a former company. That vvas
a weak company, which only proposed to build
a railroad from Vallejo down to the Bay of San
Francisco, and to connect with Goat Island.
While that was pending General Humphreys
said of it:
"The bill proposes to relinquish four fifths of tlie
island, that is, about ninety acres, without any con-
sideration, to a company organized under general
laws, that proposes to build a railroad twenty-five
and one half miles in length, from Vallejo to the
harbor of San Francisco. Should so large a portion
of the island, or any large part of it, prove to be avail-
able for commercial purposes, its pecuniary value
would be great, and should inure to the benefit ot
the United States, or the State of California, m some
shape or other."
That is the opinion of an hone3t engineer,
that this property should inure to the benefit
of the United States. If it be proper that the
Government should part with this island, let it
be disposed of at auction to the highest bidder.
Let all the people have an opportunity to com-
pete for this property. Why should this com-
pany alone, with its untold wealth, l-eccive from
the Government the gift of this island ? If we
give them the right to bid for it, they have
then greater advantages than anybody else;
and that is quite as much as we ought to give
them.
Speaking further on this subject, General'
Humphreys says:
" The grantis an absolutofreegiftwithout a single
condition."
I admit that is not the case entirely with this
bill, because it gives away only one half the
island with conditionswhichpractically amount
to nothing. If we once let the railroad com-
pany take possession of the property we shall
never get them offi,  They will practically own
the whole island for all time; for the engineer-
ing officers who have examined the matter,
Major Elliott, Colonel Mendell, and General
Alexander, state that if any portion of the
island be given up it cannot remain effective
for military purposes.
General Humphreys continues:
"The value of this gift over and above the cost
of the work necessary to develop it must be many
million dollars."
In a pencil note appended to this commu-
nication, and sent to me this morning, he says:
" This company proposed to out down the small
part ot the island called 'tho log,' t,ho northeast
point, audform fifty acres of lots out of it. Thecostof
cutting down, building. A'/*., estimated at $1,000,000.
Fiftv acres is over two million square feet. Ground
in Washington is worth from two to five dollars per
square foot."
Gentlemen can judge from this statement
what that property upon Goat Island must be
worth. That island, as I have remarked before,
corresponds with Governor's Island in the har-
borof New York ; but for commercial purposes
it stands in tbe same relation to San Francisco
as Jersey City stands to the city of New York.
From this fact gentlemen may infer what the
property is worth. Think for a moment what
such an island, of one hundred and twenty
acres, within one and seven eighths mile from
the Battery in the harbor of New York would
be worth, and you will have some idea of this.
If gentlemen in this House wish to vote to give
away this property let them so vote, but let
them not dodge this question or try to get rid
of the responsibility by saying that they did
not understand it. I tell gentlemen that if
they do pass this bill they will be called to a
rigid accountability. The country is in no
condition now to give away property confessed
to be worth $5,000,000 while the people are
ground down by taxation. I caution gentlemen
to deliberate before voting upon this question.
There are three objections to this bill, either
of which should be fatal. The first is that the
Government needs this island for military pur-
poses. The second is that it is proposed to
give away this most valuable tract of land ; and
I say here, in no spirit of boasting, but well
knowing what I say and what I can do, that I
will within forty-eight hours put a million
dollars in the Treasury of the United Stares
for the same right of property which it is pro-
posed to confer as a free gift upon this railroad
company by this bill.
There is another objection far more import-
ant than any I have stated. When I noticed
the movement made in theSenatesome months
ago to give this island away, knowing as I did
its great value, and having become informed
in regard to it whenthe question was up before,
I addressed a letter to Professor Pierce, of the
Coast Survey, asking him to state the objections
there would be to this project, he having be-
fore stated to me in conversation that the im-
provement proposed to be made would have
a most disastrous effect upon the harbor ot San
Francisco. He h&s written me a lengthy reply
which I will append to my remarks. Professor
Pierce is one of the most scientific men,
I think I may safely say the most scientific
man in the United States j a man of the high-
est character, and actuated by none but the
purest motives. Charged as he is with the
Coast Survey, this is to him a matter of im-
mense solicitude. lie tells us that if we make
this grant to allow this railroad company to
bridge the channel between Yerba Buena
Island and Oakland, the effect upon the harbor
of San Francisco will be most disastrous. It
not the people alone of San Francisco who
are interested in that harbor, but the people of
the whole United States, your constituents and
mine; and it is our duty to maintain it intact so
far as we can.
The following is the very able letter of Pro-
fessor Peiree:
United States Coast Suevf.y Office,
Washington, March 19,1870.
Dear Sir: Tour note of February 16 relative to
bridging the channcl between Yerba Buena Island
and Oakland, in San Francisco bay, was duly re-
oeived, and I beg leave in answer to submit the fol-
lowing facts, with my views thereon: .
Section 1. The causes which have determined tbe
most general characteristics ot San Francisco bay no
longer exist, or are now inoperative. Ilie activities
which arc now modifying, in detail, the ancient fea t-
ures of the seveial basins and straits are probably
tho tidal currents, tho land waters, and those irreg-
ular movements of the sea due to violent or long-
continued winds. If we compare the submerged
contours with those of the dry land or with thoshoro
line we discover no parallelism. While upon the one
hand the currents have preserved, in part, the ori-
ginal depths along their pathways, all the sheltered
indentures of the coast are in a measure failed up
with deposits brought thither by the streams or
washed into them by the waves. We observe, also,
that tho broader portions of the bay havo performea,
in these latter times, the service of stilling-basins,
and that they have received deposits from the slack-
ening streams even in central portions.
Sec. 2. An artificial obstruction stretched out from
tho shore of a bay may induce deposits not only by
offering shelter, but also by increasing the stifling
tcndcncies of the basin, so that its effect may not
only be unfavorable locally but generally. Never-
theless, such effects may be so slow of development,
and really so small in comparison with the useful-
ness of the structure itself, that a community may
be justified in neglecting its consideration or feel
willing to pay the light penalty and leave the burden
to their posterity. Here is the problem: there is
something to pay in a long running account; how
much is it ? ^
Sec. 3. The Coast Survey chart of San Francisco
bay shows a channel immediately to the eastward
of Yerba Buena Island nowhere less than half a
statute mile in width, through which a depth of
twenty-four feet at mean low water can be taken.
The mean rise and fall of tidebemgthreeand a half
feet, the depth at mean high water will be twenty-
seven and a. half feet. The deep water of this channel
is carried close up to the oast shore of the island.
Sjsc. 4. The distance from high-water mark at
Oakland, (Gibbon's point,) to the same at the south-
east point of Yerba Buena Island, is a little more
than two and seven eighths statute miles. From low-
water mark, Oakland to Yerba Buena, two and three
eighths statute miles. Offthe southeast end of Yerba
Buena Island tho channel (having a greater depth
than eighteen feet between the eighteen feet curves)
is one mile wide. Off tho northeast end of the island,
between the same curves, thechannelis nearly three
fourths of a mile wide.
Sec. 5. Theeastorn side of the island is that upon
which vessels would be least exposed to the preva-
lent gales, and is but slightly more than half a milo
long.
Sec. 6. The distance from the southeast point of
Yerba Buena Island to the nearest wharf in San Fran-
cisco is but little less than ono and seven eighths
btatutc miles.
Sec. 7. From the same wharf to thedepth of eighteen
fret oil Gibbon's pcint, Oakland, is but little less
than two and seven eighths miles.
Sec. 8. Tne distance from a point back of Oakland,
at which a road to the southward could start (froiu
that running to (Jibbon's poinr) to San ]?iancis<o
wharf, by way of Yerba Buena Island, is ten miles.
From the same point to SaxiFiancisco (atSteamboat
point) by a road running up the bay, crossing near
llavenswood and joining San Jose railroad (now
built) just beyond, is lifiy-fuur miles, of whichlhiriy
miles would be new road.
_Sec. 9. Of the tidal currents in the part of San Fran-
cisco bay between San Francisco and Oakland the
flood runs up first betwen Yerba BuenaL<«iand and
San Francisco, the last of the ebb slillrunningdown
j between Yerba Biujua and Oakland.
< Skc. 10. The eiiect of a bridge across the channel to
