378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee) to
whom wasreferred a petition for a modification
of the laws governing medical practice in the
District of Columbia, instruct me to report it
backhand to ask that the Committee on the
Judiciary be discharged from its consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the proposal of George W.
Pascall to sell to Congress a number of copies
of Pas/sail's Annotated Constitution, instruct
me to report it back adversely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
tabic.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. Ii. No. 23) for setting apart a por-
tion of the Fort Snelling military reservation
for a permanent military post,.and the settle-
ment of all claims in relation thereto, reported
it without amendment.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
petition of William and Joseph E. Nourse,
praying for compensation for the services of
Michael Nourse while acting as Register of the
Treasury, submitted an adverse report thereon.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 379) to authorize the restoration of Gilbert
Morton to the naval service; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FUNDING AND BANKING.
Mr. SUMNER, in accordance with previous
notice, asked, and obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 380) to authorize the refunding
and consolidation of the national debt, to ex-
tend banking facilities, and to establish specie
payments; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move the reference
of the bill to the Committee on Finance, and
that it be printed. In making that motion I
wish to be heard in explanation of the object
and character of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I would suggest to' the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, if he is about to speak
on his bill, that it should first be read.
Mr. SUMNER. It is rather a long bill and
I shall explain itasl proceed. I am only afraid
that the reading would take up too much time.
My desire is to occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate aslittle as possible, and if I can have that
attention now I think that my remarks will
explain the bill.
Mr. President, I have already during this
session introduced a bill providing for the ex-
tension of the national banking system and the
withdrawal of greenbacks in proportion to the
new banknotes issued, thus preparing the way
for specie payments. The more I reflect upon
this simple proposition the more I am satisfied
ofits value. It promises to be as efficacious as it
is unquestionably simple. But it does not pre-
tend to deal with the whole financial problem.
The bill which I now introduce is more com-
prehensive in character. While embodying the
original proposition of substituting bank notes
tor greenbacks, it provides for the refunding
and consolidation of the national debt in such
a way as to make it easy to bear, while it brings
the existing currency to a par with coin. In
making this attempt I am moved by the de-
sire to do something for the business interests
of the country, which suffer inconceivably from
the derangement of the currency. Whether at
home or abroad it is the same^ At home values
;u-e uncertain; abroad commerce is disturbed
and outo/gear. Political reconstruction is not
enough. There must be financial reconstruc-
tion also. The peace which we covet must
enter into our finances. The reconciliation
which we long for must embrace the disordered
business of the country.
In any measure having this object there are
two things which must not be forgotten: first,
the preservation of the national credit, and
secondly, the reduction of existing taxation.
Happily there is a universal prevailing senti-
ment for the national credit, showing itself in
a fixed determination that it shall be main-
tained at all hazards. Nobody can exagger-
ate the value of this determination, which is
the corner-stone of financial reconstruction.
On the reduction of taxation there is at pres-
ent more difference of opiniop ; but I cannot
doubt that here, too, there will be a speedy
harmony. The country is uneasy under the
heavy burden. Willingly, gladly, patriotically
it submitted to this burden, while the Republic
was in peril, but now there is a yearning for
relief. War taxes should not be peace taxes ;
and so long as the present system continues
there is a, constant and painful memento of
war, while business halts in chains and life
bends under the load.
The national credit being safe, relief from
the pressure of existing taxation is the first
practical object in our finances. But so en-
tirely natural and consistent is this object that
it harmonizes with all other proper objects,
especially with the refunding of the national
debt, and with specie payments. As the peo-
ple feel easy in their affairs they will be ready
for the work of reconstruction. Therefore, do
I say, as an essential stage in what we all
desire, "Down with the taxes."'
The proper reduction of taxation involves two
other things : first, the reduction of the pres-
ent annual interest on the national debt, thus
affording immense relief, and, secondly, the
spread or extension of the national debt over
succeeding generations, for whom, as well as
for ourselves, it was incurred. The practical
value of the first is apparent on the simple
statement. The second may be less apparent,
as it opens a question of policy on both sides
of which much has been already said.
Nobody doubts the brilliancy of the move-
ment to pay off the national debt,—calling to
mind the charge of the six hundred horsemen
ridingintothejawsof death, so thatthe beholder
exclaimed in memorable words, " It is beauti-
ful; but it is not war." In other words, it
was a feat of hardihood and immolation, ab-
normal, eccentric, and beyond^ even the ter-
rible requirements of battle. In similar spirit
might a beholder, witnessing the present sac-
rifice of our people in the redemption of a debt
so large a part of which justly belongs to pos-
terity, exclaim : " It js beautiful, but it is not
business." Unquestionably business requires
that we should meet existing obligations ac-
cording to their letter and spirit; but it does
not require payment in advance, nor payment
of obligations resting upon others. To do this
is beautiful, but beyond the line of business.
President Lincoln, in one ofhis earliest prop-
ositions of Emancipation, before he had de-
termined upon the great Proclamation, con-
templated compensation to slave-masters, and
in order to commend this large expenditure
went into an elaborate calculation to show how
easy it would be if proportioned upon the giant
shoulders of posterity. Dismissing the idea
of payment by the existing generation, he pro-
ceeded to exhibit the growing capacity of the
country—how from the beginning there had
been a decennial increase in population of
34. GO per cent. —how during a period of seventy
years the ratio had never been two per cent,
below; or two per cent, above this average, thus
attesting the inflexibility ofthis law of increase.
Assuming its continuance, he proceeded to
show that in 18*70 our population would be
42,323,341, in 1880 it would be 50,967,216, in
1890 it would be 70,677,872, and in 1900 it
would be 103,208,415, while in 1930 it would
amount to 251,680,914. Nobody has im-
peached these estimates. There they stand in
that Presidential message as colossal mile-
stones of the Republic.
The increase in material resources is beyond
that of population. The most recont calcula- I
tion, founded on the last census, shows that
for the previous decade it was at the rate of
eighty per cent., although other calculations
have placed it as high as one hundred and
tweaty-six per cent. Whether one or the other,
the rate of increase is enormous, and unless
arrested in some way not now foreseen it must
carry our national resources to a fabulous ex-
tent. What is a burden now will be scarcely
a feather's weight in the early decades of th'e
next century, wheu a population counted by
hundreds of millions will wield resources
counted by thousands of millions. On this
head details are superfluous. All must see at
once the irresistible conclusion.
It is much in this discussion, when we have
ascertained how easy it will be for posterity to
bear this responsibility. But the case is strength-
ened when it is considered thatthe war was for
the life of the Republic, so that throughout all
time, so long as the Republic endures, all who
enjoy its transcendent citizenship will share the
benefits. Should thc}r not contribute to the
unparalelled cost? Recent estimates deemed
to be moderate and reasonable, show an aggre-
gate destruction of wealth or diversion of
wealth-producing industry in the United States
since 1861, approximating nine thousand mil-
lions of dollars, being the cost of the war, or
in other words, the cost of the destruction of
slavery. Iffrom this estimate be dropped Ihe
item for expenditures and loss of property in
the Rebel States, amounting to $2,700,000,000,
we shall have $6,300,000,000 as the sum-total
of cost to the loyal people, of which the exist-
ing national debt represents less than half.
Thus, besides precious blood beyond any calcu-
lation of arithmetic, the present generation has
already contributed immensely to that result in
which succeeding generations have a stake,
even greater than theirs.
_ Assuming, then, that there is to be no con-
siderable taxation for the immediate payment
of the debt, we have one economy. If to this
be added another economy from the reduction
of the interest, we shall be able to relieve ma-
terially all the business interests of the country.
Two such economies will be of infinite value
to the people, whose riches will be proportion-
ally increased. In ihe development of wealth
next to_ making money is saving money.
Bearing these things in mind, financial recon-
struction is relieved of its difficulties. It only
remains to find the proper machinery or pro-
cess. And here we encounter the propositions
of the Secretary of the Treasury in his animal
report, which are threefold:
1. To fund twelve hundred millions of six
per cent, five-twenty bonds into four and a half
per cent, fifteen-twenties, twenty-twenty-fives,
and twenty five-thirties.
2. To make our exports equal in value with
our imports and to restore our commercial
marine.
3. lo regard these as essential conditions
of reduced taxation and specie payments.
Considering these propositions with the best
attention I could give to them, I have been im-
pressed by their inadequacy as a system at the
present moment. I cannot easilv consent to
the postponement, which they imply. They
hand over to the future what I wish to see ac-
complished at once, and what I cannot doubt
with a firm will can be accomplished at an
eariy day. But beyond this capital defect, ap-
parent on the face, I do not find in the system
proposed any assurance of success. Will it
work? I doubt. Here I wish to be under-
stood as expressing myself with proper cau-
tion; anu I wish farther to declare my anxiety
to obtain the substituted loans at the smallest
rate of interest, and also my conviction, that
within a short time, at some slight preserU
cost, this may be accomplished.
Looking at this question in the light of bu&i-
ness, I am driven to the conclusion that twelve*
hundred millions of six-per-cents. cannot be
refunded either now or hereafter in four or
four-and-a-half per cents, without offering com-
