1870.
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3579
"Sitting as a committing magistrate, complaint
oftor complaint was made before me of mulders and
robberies. Among these I may mention as pecu-
liarly and shockingly prominent the murder of
Forbes, tho assassination of the Parishes and Pot-
ter. of J ones and his mother, of the Aiken party, of
which there were six in all; and, worst and darkest
in the appalling catalogue of blood, the cowardly,
cold-blooded butchery and robbery at Mountain
Meadows. At that time there still lay, all ghastly,
under tho sun of Utah, tho unburied skeletons of ono
hundred and nineteen men, women, and children,
the hapless, hopeless victims of the Mormon creed.
" The sceneof this horrible massacre at tho Mount-
ain Meadows is situate about throe hundred aud
twenty miles west of south from Great Salt Lake
City, on tho road leading to Los Angelos, in Cali-
fornia. J. was tho first Federal judge in that part of
the Territory after the occurrence. My district ex-
tending from a short distance below Salt Lake City
to the south end of the Territory, I detormiued to
visit that part of my district, and if possible expose
the persons engaged in the massacre, which I did in
the early part of the year 1S59. I accordingly em-
braced an opportunity of accompanying a small
detachment of soldiers who were being sent to that
section by General Johnston, having requested the
marshal of the Territory to accompany or to send a
deputy. He accordingly sent Deputy William 1J.
Rogers, who went with me.
"The command went as far south as the St. Clara,
twenty miles beyond the Mountain Meadows, where
we camped andremained about a week. During our
stay there I was visited by the Indian chiefs of that
section, who gavo me their version of the massacre.
They admitted that a portion of their men were
engaged in the massacre, but wore not there when
the attack commenced. One of them told me, in
the presence of the others, that after the attack had
been made a white man oome to their camp with a
piece of paper, which he said Brigham Young had
sent, that direoted them to go and help whip the
emigrants. A portion of the band went, but didnot
assist in the fight. He gave us a reason that the
emigrants had long guns and were good shots, lie
said his brother (this chief's name was Jackson) was
shot while running across the meadow, a distance
of two hundred yards from the corral where tho
emigrants were. He said the Mormons were all
painted. He said the Indians got a part of the
clothing; and gave the namesof John D. Lee, Presi-
dent Haight, and Bishop Higbee as the big cap-
tains.
" From our camp on the St. Clara we again went
back to tbeMountain Meadows, camping near where
the masacre bad occurred. The Meadow is about five
miles in length and one ia width, running to quite
a narrow point at the southwest end, being higher
in the middle than either end. It is the dividing
liue between the waters that flow into the Great
llusin. and those emptying into the Colorado river.
A very large spring rises iu the south end of the
narrow part. It was on the north side of this spring
the emigrants were camped. The bank rises from
the spring eight or ten feet, then extends off to the
north about two hundred yards on a level; a ran it c
of hills is then reached, rising perhaps fit'ty or sixty
feet. Back of these hills is quite a valley, which
extends down until it has an outlet three or four hun-
dred yards below the spring into the main meadow.
"The first attack was made by going down this
ravine and then following up the bed of the sprint-
to near it, then at daylight firing upon the men who
were about the eamp fires, in whieh attack .ten. or
twelveofthe emigrant* were killed and wounded, the
stock of the emigrants having been previously driven
behind the hill and up the ravine.
"The emigrants soon got in condition to repel tho
attack, shoved their wagons together, sunk the
wheels in the earth, and threw up quite an intrench-
ment. The fighting after continued as a siego, tho
assailants occupying the hill aud firing at nny of the
emigrants that exposed themselves, having a barri-
cade of stones along the crest of the hill as a protec-
tion. The siege was continued for five days, the
besiegers appearing in the garb of Indians. The
Mormons seeing that they could not capture the train
without making some saerifieo of life on their part,
and getting weary of the fight, resolved to accom-
plish by strategy what they were not able to do by
force. The fight had been going on for five days,
aud no aid was received from any quarter.
"Who can imagine the feelings of these men,
women, and children, surrounded, as they supposed
themselves to be, by savages ? Fathers and mothers
only can judge what they must have been. Far off
iu the liocky mountains,- without transportation, for
their cattle, horses, and mules had been run off,
not knowing what their fate was to be, we can poorly
realize the gloom that pervaded, the camp.
"A wagon is descried far up the meadows. Upon its
nearer approach it is observed to contain armed men.
Seel Now they raise a white flag 1 All is joy in the
corral. A general shout is raised, and in an instant
a little girl, dressed in white, is placed at an opening
between two of the wagons as a response to the sig-
nal. The wagon approaches; the occupants are wel-
comed into the corral, the emigrants little suspecting
t hat they were entertaining the fiends that had been
"This wagon contained President Haight and Bish-
op John I). Lee, among Others of the Mormon church.
They professed to be on good terms with the Indians,
and represented tho Indians as being very mad.
They also proposed to intercede and settle the matter
with the Indians. After several hours of parley,
they, having apparently visited the Indians, gave
the ultimatum of the Indians; which was, that the
emigrants should march out of their camp, leaving
everything behind theut, even their guns. It was
promised by the Mormon bishops that they would
bring a force and guard tho emigrants back to tho
settlements.
" The terms wore agreed to, the emigrants being
desirous of saving the lives of their families. The
Mormons retired, and subsequently appeared nt the
corral with thirty or forty armed men. The emi-
grants were marched out, the women and children
in front, and tlie men behind, the Mormon guard being
in tho rear. When they had marched in this way
about a mile, at a given signal, the slaughter com-
menced. Tho men were most all shot down at the
first fire from the guard. Two only escaped, who
fled to the desert, and were followed a hundred and
fifty miles before they were overtaken and slaugh-
tered.
" The women and children ran on two or three
hundred yards further when they were overtaken,
and with the aid of the Indians they wero slaugh-
tered. Seventeen only of the small children were
saved, the eldest being only seven years. Thus, on
thelOth day of September, 1857,was consummated one
of the most cruel, cowardly, and bloody murdors
known in our history. Upon the way from the
meadows a young Indian pointed out to mo the
place where tho Mormons painted and disguised
themselves.
" I went from the meadows to Cedar City; the dis-
tance is thirty-five or forty miles. I contemplated
holding an examining court there should General
Johnston furnish me protection, and also protect wit-
nesses, and furnish tho marshal a posse to aid in
making arrests. Whilo there I issued warrants on
affidavits filed before me for tne arrest, of the following
named persons: "Jacob Haight', presidont of the
t'edarCity Stake; Bishop John M. Higbee and Bishop
John D. Lee.Columbus Freeman, William Slade, John
Willis, William Riggs, Ingram, Daniel McFarlan,
William Stewart, Ira Allen and son, Thomas Cart-
wright.. E. Welean, William Halley, Jabez Nomlen,
John Mnngurn, James Price, John W. Adair,  
Taylor, Joseph Smith, Samuel Pollock, John Mc-
Farlan, Nephi Johnson. Thornton, Joel White,
 Harrison. Charles Hopkins, Joseph Elang, Sam-
uel Lewis, Sims Matheney, James Mangum, Harri-
son Pierce, Samuel Adair, F. C. MeDulange, William
Bateman, Ezra Curtis, and Alexander Lovoridge.
In a few days after arriving at Cedar City Captain
Campbell arrived with his command from the Mead-
ows. On his return he advised me that he had
reeeived orders for his command entire to return to
Camp Floyd, tho general having received orders
from Washington that the military should not be
used in protecting the courts or in acting as a pos3e
to aid the marshal in making arrests.
" While at Cedar City I was visited by a number
of apostate Mormons, who gave me every assuranco
that they would furnish an abundance of evidence
in regard to tbe matter so soon as they were assured
of military protection. In fact some of the persons
engaged in the act caiue to see me in the night, and
gave a full account of the matter, intending when
protection was at hand to become witnesses. They
claimed that they had been forced into the matter
by the bishops. Their statements corroborated what
the Indians had previously said tome. Mr. Rodgers,
the deputy marshal, was also engaged in hunting up
(he children, survivors of the massacre. They wero
all found in the custody of the Mormons. Three or
four of the eldest recollect and relate all the inci-
dents of the massacre, corroborating the statements
of the Indians and the statements made by the citi-
zens of Cedar City to me.
" These children are now in the south part of Mis-
souri or north part of Arkansas. Their testimony
could soon be taken if desired. No one can depict the
glee of these infants when they realized that they
were in the custody of what they called 'the Ameri-
cans.' for such is the designation of those not Mor-
mons. They say they never were in the custody of
the Indians. I recollect one of them, John Calvin
Sorrow, after he found ho was safe and before he was
brough t away from Salt Lake City, although not yet
nine years of age, sitting in a contemplative mood,
no doubt thinking of the extermination of his family,
saying, 'Oh. I wish I was a man; I know what I
would do; I would shoot John D. Lee; I saw him
shoot my mother.' I shall never forget how he
looked."
John D. Lee is the adopted son of Brigham
Young. Who iu this Senate will say that this
boy, now growing to manhood, would not be
justified in the sight of God in carrying out
that thought? None of the cowardly, blood-
stained villains have been arrested or hung, and
cannot be so long as the present state of things
continues in Utah. Many of them have added
new guilt to their souls by committing more
murders since that terrible day.
J. H. Beadle, late editor of the Salt Lake
Reporter, and who was recently nearly mur-
dered by the. Mormons, in a book entitled
" Life iu Utah; or, the Mysteries and Grimes
of Mormonism," now being published, says;
"The Mormons and Indians fell npon the women,
bit and tore the rings from their fingers and ears,
and trampled in the faces of the dying. One young
girl was dragged aside by President Haight, and
kneeling, implored him for life. He violated her
with shameful barbarity, then beat out her brains
with a club. Another young woman was taken out
of the throng by John D. Lee. He afterward stated
ho intended to save her life and take her to his
harem, but that she struck at him with a large knife,
when he immediately shot her through the head.
" The property was divided, the Indians getting
most of the flour and ammunition; but they claim
j| the Mormons kept more than their share. Much of
,| it was sold in Cedar City at public auction. It was
■' there facetiously styled " property taken at the siege
ij of Sevastopol;' and there is legal proof that the
clothing stripped from the corpses, spotted with
| blood and flesh and shredded by bullets, was placed
! in the cellar of the tithing office and privately sold.
| As late as 1862, jewelry taken at Mountain Meadow
|' was worn in Salt Lake City, and the sources it came
from not denied."
The testimony against the Mormons, and
that they were the guilty parties in this trans-
action, is perfectly overwhelming. Hon. J.
Forney, superintendent of Indian affairs, in a,
letter to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
dated Provo City, Utah Territory, March,
1859, says:
"Facts in my possession warrant me in estimating
that there was distributed, a few days after tho mas-
sacre, among the loading church dignitaries, S'30,000
worth of property."
In another letter to the Commissioner lie
says:
"From the evidence in my possession lam justified
in the declaration that this massacre was concocted
by white men, and consummated by whites and In-
dians. I commenced my inquiries without prejudice
or selfish motive, and with the hope that facts would
enable me to saddle the guilt exclusively on the
Indians; but unfortunately every step in my inquir-
ies satisfied me that the Indians actcd only a second-
ary part."
In another letter, after giving the names of
the leading Mormons engaged iu the massacre,
(the same names as given by Judge Cradle-
baugh,) he says:
"These were the cause of the massacre, aided by
others. I believe they were not only implicated, but
the hell-deserving scoundrels who concocted and
brought to a successful termination the whole affair.
It is to be regretted that nothing has yet been
accomplished toward bringing these murderers to
justice."
I say it is to be regretted! How long a
nation can prosper that suffers such crimes to
be committed within its borders, and the guilty
parties, well known, to go unpunished, is not
for ine to say.
General Carl eton some time ago visited the
place of this terrible massacre and erected a
monument to the memory of the dead. It was
constructed by raising a large pile of stones, in
the center of which was erected a beam twelve
oc fifteen feet high. Upon one of the stones
he caused to be engraved, " Here lie the bones
of one hundred and twenty men, women, and
children, from Arkansas, murdered on the 10th
day of September, 1857." Upon the cross-tie
on the beam he caused to be painted, " Ven-
geance is mine, saith the Lord, and I will repay
it." This monument is said to have been de-
stroyed the first time Brigham Young visited
that part of the Territory after its erection. But
the '' vengeance'' of the Lord he cannot destroy
or baffle, and it will sooner or later overtake
him.
The Mormons, composed largely of unmat-
uralized foreigners, are the sworn aud bitter
enemies of the United States. They curse the
Government and do everything in their power
to frustrate its beneficent desigus. They pub-
licly defy its laws, and boast that they have
violated them, and will continue to do so.
Sloan, the editor of the principal Mormon
organ, lately declared in a public meeting that
he had violated the laws of Congress in regard
to polygamy in the past and that he would do
so in future. He denounced the Government,
and denied that it had any right to make laws
for saints. Other leading Mormons said they
had done the same thing, and approved all
Sloan had said.
We must either pocket these insults and
defiance of law, and suffer this barbarism to
continue and increase, or we must grasp it
with a firm and strong hand.
The Mormon " endowment" oaths are most
frightful, involving penalties the most bar-
barous upon all parts of the body, from the
sole of the feet to the hairs of the head, if
they shall violate their obligations or reveal
