1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
to the Treasury and presents his gold-com-
manding coupons, and they are paid, punctu-
ally, scrupulously paid. Does anybody threaten
repudiation? A thousand honest voices de-
nounce the unworthy menace, properly de-
nounce it. Shoddy must be paid. No Portia
can be retained to circumvent this Shylock.
The honor of the Government stands pledged
for its obligations. They must be redeemed.
Yes, sir, Shoddy must be paid, paid to the last
farthing.
But here stands the poor southern loyalist
who did love his country. He did all he
could to preserve it; did so at the peril of his
life, amid obloquy and persecution. Perhaps
it was but little he had the power to do. Per-
adventure he furnished a horse, or a mule, or
a wagon, or food and forage for our troops, as
they passed down to give battle to the enemy,
or as they fled from some disastrous field. And
now he modestly presses his prayer for just com-
pensation from the Government he loved next
to his Maker, and to which he adhered with a
fidelity which no violence could overcome or
allurements corrupt. What is the answer which
Senators propose to give him? Why, sir; they
propose to tell him that he was a public enemy,
and is not entitled to our consideration. He
must stand aside as unworthy of the protection
of this great Government. International law
is invoked to interpose the dogmas of the Dark
Ages between him and the behests of justice.
But as for Shoddy, why, sir, our honor and
credit as a nation require that Shoddy shall be
paid! Shoddy was loyal! Shoddy was not a
public enemy!
But, sir, there is another personage to whom
I wish to ask your attention. I may appro-
priately call him Mr. F. He will hardly need
an introduction ; all will recognize him. For
years ppior to the outbreaking of the rebellion
lia used his influence to inflame the southern
heart and precipitate the conflict of arms;
and when the war commenced he was among
the first to nnsheathe the sword and tarn it
against the hearts of his countrymen and the
life of the nation. On a score of battle-fields
he trampled the flag of the Republic beneath
his feet as an unhallowed thing. A hundred
times he imbrued his bands in the blood of
our sons and brothers. He ravaged our fields;
he pillaged our houses ; he burnt onr towns;
he sacked our cities. He did all that skill and
courage and the rao6t malignant hatred of our
Government could accomplish to destroy the
nation. According to well-attested facts he
murdered our soldiers in cold blood after cap-
ture and surrender, and burnt others, wounded,
bleeding, and helpless, in the houses where
they had crept to die.
And yet, sir, that man lives to-day ; lives at
liberty, lives in the perfect enjoyment of every
civil right of the American citizen. Sir, where
in all the annals of history can you find the
parallel of such forbearance? It rises up to the
full measure of the sublime charities of onr
Christian civilization. It more than fills the
vision of England's great poet, and transcends
his immortal definition of the quality of mercy:
"The quality of mercy is not strained ;
It droppetb, as the gentle rain from heaven
Upon the pla.ee beneath; it is twiee blessed;
It blesseth him that gives, and him that takes:
'lis mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes
The throned monarch bettor than his crown:
His scepter shows the force of temporal power,
The attribute to awe and majesty, ,
Wherein doth sit the droad and lear of kings;
But mercy is above this seeptered sway,
It is enthroned in the heart of kings,
It ia an attribute to God himself:
And earthly power doth then sho-v hkest God s,
When mercy seasons justice."
Thus, sir, we have treated onr actual ene-
mies. How do we propose to treat our actual
friends ? May I be permitted to present one
of these latter to your notice? I do so with
some hesitation; for I fear from indications
quite apparent that he may not be well re-
ceived. Yet I will venture to do so. I know
him well. In the light in which I regard him
he possesses a nobility of character which chal-
lenges my highest respect and admiration. It
was in 1861 I became more intimately ac-
quainted with him; in those dark days when
in the locality where he lived he was forced to
decide between his section and his country;
between his State and his nation; between the
prejudices and prepossessions of his education
and the principles of an enlarged patriotism ;
between the ties of kindred and long-cherished
social relations, and practical banishment
from both; between fidelity to his flag and
denunciation, confiscation, and the dungeon.
But, sir, he never faltered. I have seen
him dragged from the bosom of his family and
carried away in chains to the military bastiles
of the traitor because he would not renounce
his allegiance to his Government. I have seen
him hunted like a wild beast and driven to the
mountains for a refuge from the fury of his
neighbors because he would not acknowledge
the insurrectionary authorities of the rebel-
lion. I have seen him standing by the grave
of his noble boy who had fallen in battle
beneath our own starry banner, and heard him
mingling with the utterances of a father's grief
thanksgiving to God that he had been per-
mitted to give a son to die for his country. I
have seen all this and more. It was he who
divided with the weary soldier of the Republic
who knocked at his door the scanty subsistence
which the rapacity of the enemy had suffered
to remain. It was he who guided the fugitive
prisoner who had escaped from the prison-pens
of the South around the sentinels of the foe
and passed him safely on to his family and
home.
Sir, how can you call such a man a public
enemy? After you have remitted to the active,
cruel, and bloody traitor his forfeited life, his
forfeited property, his forfeited civil rights, and
to a large extent equal political rights, how
can this great, just, and beneficent Government
withhold from such a citizenrjust compensation
for his private property taken for public use
upon the miserable plea that although person-
ally loyal and true, yet happening to live among
the disloyal and untrue he was technically a
public enemy? What sophistry can torture
such a citizen into any enemy to his country
in any sense of the word ?
And I beg leave to say, moreover, that there
is an important principle of policy involved in
this questiou. The utter want of justification
of the late war of the rebellion, to say nothing
of the lessons of history and our knowledge
of human nature, admonishes us that we may
reasonably expect future civil wars. What we
do to-day will pass into history. Loyalists in
the districts of these future revolts will read
it. Need I tell Senators what its effect on them
will be if we determine now that they are to
be regarded as public enemies, not entitled to
the benefit and protection of the guarantees of
the Constitution ? But I will not detain the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I think it would be well
to recommit this bill, and I should like to take
the sense of the Senate on the question whether
claims over five hundred dollars should not be
submitted to the Court of Claims after having
been passed upon by these Departments. I
think that would be advisable. I admire very
much the speech of my friend from West Vir-
ginia ; and if the bill were confined to those
persons in whose behalf he has spoken so elo-
quently and feelingly it would get my vote; but
the poor loyal men who were driven from their
homes by the rebels will get none of this money.
Their property was destroyed by the rebels long
before our Army reached there. The bill only
applies to those who retained property, and who,
if they were loyal, were sufficiently neutral not
to have their property destroyed by the rebels
before our armies got there.
In order that there may be a proper discrim-
ination made, and proper safeguards thrown
about it, I intend to move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Claims, with
instructions to so modify it that all claims over
five hundred dollars favorably reported on by the
quartermaster's department shall then be sub-
mitted to the Court of Claims, which court shall
have no power to increase the amount, but
may reduce it or reject the claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Claims with instructions.
Mr. STEWART. I should like, before that
is done, to call the attention of the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] to Kent, who
lays down some general propositions which I
believe the Senator questioned. I take the prin-
ciple he asserts in its mildest form. After he
has discarded all the hard rules in regard to
thegeneral principle, (which general principle
I do not propose to apply in this case, for if
you enter on the payment of these claims at
all, you abandon the general principle that I
think prevails,) Kent lays it down thus:
"Thegeneral usage now is not to touch privato
property upon land without making compensation,
unless in special cases diotated by tho necessary oper
ations of war, or when captured in places carried bj
storm and which repelled all overtures for capitula-
tion. Contributions are sometimes levied upon tho
conquered country in lieu of confiscation of property,
as somo indemnity for the expense "of maintaining
order and affording protection."
I want to call the attention of the Senator
from Wisconsin to my proposition. I said that
as a general rule in an enemy's country the
conqueror might take private property for the
use of his army; and Kent, after modifying
the general rule, says:
"The general usage now is not to touch private
property on land without making compensation,
unless in special cases dictated by the necessary oper-
ations of war."
Now, did our Army ever.take any property
in the South except in " cases dictated by the
necessary operations of war?" The author
goes on to say that the general rule is that it
maybe taken for gain, may be taken for profit;
but that was a harsh rule; and it is now mod-
ified so that it may only be taken for the neces-
sary operations of war. I believe that that,
without going into many books, will be found
to be the usage tolerated by all the most en
lightened countries, that an Army in passing
through a hostile country may take supplies
without compensation; but I did not intend to
make a point of it. I only made the general
statement that we were now entering upon dan-
gerous ground when we were attempting to dis-
criminate between our friends and our enemies
in the belligerent country, and that we were so
liable to be imposed upon that precautions are
absolutely necessary. I feel as friendly to, and
I feel as much sympathy for, those who were
hunted down by the rebels as any other man ;
and I wish this bill, instead of giving compen-
sation to those who stayed at home and retained
their property and were able to have some-
thing to sell to our Army, gave compensation
to those who were hunted down by the enemy.
It is not by any means the most meritorious
class that is to be benefited by this bill, not
the class of southern loyalists who are men-
tioned 
Mr. FOWLER. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. I think the Senator from Nevada is
slightly mistaken in one thing. That class to
winch he now alludes have generally received
their pay, those who ought not to have re-
ceived it.
Mr. STEWART. If our soldiers paid those
who ought not to be paid I am sorry for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator give way ?
Mr. STEWART. I will in a moment to a
motion to adjourn or for an executive session,
but I do not like to be interrupted just now.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, if the Senator gives
way I will move an executive session,
Mr. STEWART. I decline to yield.
Mr. FOWLER. I understand the Senator
from Nevada to take the position that loyal
citizens who were truly loyal in the southern
States, and furnished supplies to the armies,
and whose commissary stores were used prop-
erly by the armies, should be compensated.
