1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4523
the eastward of Yerba Buena Island would "be, of
coarse, to dimmish the cross-section by an amount
equal to the aggregate width of .the piers. Ibis
diminished width increases the velocity of that por-
tion of the tidal currents flowing between the piers,
in this ease principally the ebb, giving them greatly
increased scouring forcc. thereby scouring out the
mud, sand, &c.  from between the piers, and depos-
iting this material, as the current slackens, below.
Where a tidal or river basin has two deep outlets,
any transverse obstruction in one of them is likely
to augment the How through the other one, and in
much greater proportion than is usually conceived.
The obstruction, ever so slight, is a resistance which
muct be balanced by an increase of head, but this
increase of head is with difficulty acquired, because
it is disposed to run off in horizontal motion through
the other channel. A very simple transverse struc-
ture may, under some circumstances, wholly obstruct
the flow through one or two outlet channels without
essentially diminishing the section. The pile wharves
of the Bast river at New York were some of them
built open, to allow the river to flow through them,
but the river preferred to increase its speed in its [
channel-way ; the necessary head to overcome the
resistance among the piles could not be afforded.
Sf.c. 11. It is notprobable that a viaduct from (xib-
bou's point to Yerba Buena Island can be built with
the requisite foundations, without in great measure
closing the channel to the volumes ot water which
now pass through it- Ithas beenoiteu observed that
at tho outset a railway builds a simple bridge across
a tidal channel, but afterward finds it necessary to
dump in rubble to support the foundations.
v^KC. 12. The tendency of this channel,as shown by
the chart, is to form a bar across its northern end,
about two miles north northwest from the island.
This tendency would be greatly increased by the
effects of a bridge. . , . .
See. 13. A bar formed at that point or its vicinity
would, in addition to the obstruction ottered by a
bridge, greativ t- nd to throw tho ebb current to the
westward of Yerba Buena Island, interfering with
tho free run of the flood current, and thereby dis-
turb the law of tbefiow of the flood and ebb currents
as at present established, and which, as iar as we
have any data, follow the currentbestadapted to pre-
serve the existing conditions of the bay and harbor.
Sec. H. The anchorage along the front of ban
Fiancisco is inconveniently deep, so that voxels
getting under way must drift for considerable time
alter breaking ground before they can get then-
ground tackle out of water. If the channel eastward
of Yerba Buena Islandshonld beclosed or obstructed
by a bridge, with the thousands of tons ot rubble
which would certainly be thrown in before many
years to support tho piers, the rapidity of the cur-
rents in front of the city must be quickened and tho
liability of collisions between vessels weighing an-
chor and those at rest must be increased. Moreover,
vessels entering and leaving the city sups will lina
the stronger current a serious annoyance, requiring
delay for slack-watcr. The East river at New lor*
offers almost daily illustrations oi the dangers and
vexatious delays which result from a rapid tidal
stream. Again, the scour which an increase oi the
lidnl current will induce may injure the anchorage
by washing away the material which now constitutes
the good holding ground and leave exposed only a
hnrd bottom unsafe for anchorage.
r&c. 15. It is not, tidal and river currents only
winch induce scour; the wind plays a very important
part, although an indirect one, in the same opera-
tion. In sounds and shallow bays, whexc the depth
is insufficient to admit of free water motion, violent
winds drive the water forward in great volumes and
sometimes produce in a few hours as much change
in tho bottom as the tidal currents can efiect in Jong
periods. With strong gales from the southward ban
Francisco bay requires the two deep chanuels which
are her<\ under consideration to permit the eseapc
ot the great mass of water driven forward by tbe
wind, if you close the eastern channel, vessels m
the other channel during southwardly gales will bo
much more likely to drag or pait their chains than
they are in>w. , , e -p ,t
Sec 16. The bar outside the entrance of ban linn
cisco bay lias over it but a deptn of five tatlioms
(thirty leet) at ruuan low water, bpi'inging rapidly J
lium *0, depth of ten fathoms too sea breaks at times
with El-eat fury upon it, rendering it then too dan -
gorous to cross. It is evident tliat every- precaution |j
and the greatest possible care should bo taken to ,i
rn-cvent aWning of this depth. Any obstructions
to tile free flow and lxiass ot the flood a.nd ebb out |
rents (as bridges across great channels, tilling m i
Urgel - the ovcrllowed flats, &c.) would have a tend- l!
ency to affect tho condition ot tno outer bar, upon
the secure and permanent condition of winch de-
pend so greatly the welfare and prosperity ot ban
Sec'lT. Sections four and five show that the dis~
tance'from deep water on the Oakland eulo the end
of wharves for shipping on that frnm ^ho
cisco wharf is but one mile greatci the
southeast point of Y erba Buena Islancl. Thi^ sma
difference by water is surely not of.suffi
arme to justify the great expense oi a budge, and
which would produce effects inevitably tenuuig to
the iniurv of this great national harbor.
Ff.u 18. Section three shows that tho only ayail-
able iaco of tlie island whicii can afford secunt> .0
sliiVDUig is the eastern, but half a mile
twenty-seven hundred feet, room for only eight or
ten vessels alongside a whaif, without building out-
wharves, at right angles to the channel, from three
hundred to six hundred feel in length. .
Sec. 13. Section six «ives tho distance u-otn a point
back of Oakland to Sail Francisco across tlie. bay.™
be ten miles. From same point to bau Juunmseo, by
way of a road crossing the bay near Eavenswood,
thy distance is fifty-four miles, a difference of forty-
four miles; the less distance including a transfer to
a boat and crossing a bay for nearly two miles, (section
lour.) As the road by Bavenswood would be nearly
level for the whole distance, the time would not ex-
ceed seventy-five minutes for the forfy-four miles.
By the shorter route the transferto a boat and cross-
ing would not be less than thirty minutes. In this
last case passengers would he landed at a wharf; in
the other, in tho heart of tho city • so that, so far as
passengers are concerned, the time gained would not
exceed thirtv or forty minute's. |
Sf.o. 20, Wharveson Oaklandside would probably j
answer all required purposes, and the time gained I
from the island over that from these wharves would !
be scarcely appreciable; for although the steamboat |
would have a mile more to run, that would be the
middle mile when the steamboat would be at her
greatest speed; yet the train would be obliged to go
at the slowest rate over a bridge one mile long, built
in water averaging twenty feet in depth.
Sec. 21. A precedent of such a bridge as that pro-
. posed would be rapidly followed in such great and
! varied sheets of water as form San Francisco bay and !
I its adjuncts, until tho prosperity of that very com-
j merce, in whoso name these structures are built,
i would be periled by the deterioration of the harbor
1 upon whose stability that commerce depends for an
existence; as has been evidenced by Boston harbor
itself, which has suffered from similar causes.
Sec. 22. I do not object to all structures of the kind
proposed, for thevalue of aharbordependsuponthe
security and ex ten tot' its accommodations bo shipping
and commerce; but! would oppose the construction
of all such structures which in their nature have a
tendency to the injury of harbors, until all the sur-
rounding conditions could be properly investigated
and repoitcd upon by a board of qualified persons,
selected expressly for their fitness.
Yours, very PEIECE,
Superintendent United Slates Coast purvey,
lion. C. C. Wasuburx, House of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler] says
that it is necessary to have this, or otherwise
they will have to establish a depot at a great
distance from San Francisco. Professor Peirce
tells you there is no such difficulty. And these
engineers report:
"If this island were the only place for a railroad
depot, or if a cession of a portion of it would add i
greatly to the prosperity of tho city of San Bran- >
eisco, or was indispensable to its commercial pros- ,
perity, or even to its convenience, the board would ■
feel disposed to enter into an investigation as to j
what portion of the shoal north ot the island could i
be safely ceded for such purposes. i
"But the Contra Oosta shore, eastward from the j
island, all'oids ample positions for all possible rail- J
road or commercial purposes, the only objection i
being that the depot, wharves, &c.f would be from I
one to two miles further from the city, and that their J
construction would bo somewhat more expensive (
i han they would be at Yerba Buena I&Iand."
Professor Peirce answers the same objection
and aufiwers it most successfully.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Speaker, with the gen-
tleman's permission, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the following paragraph
in the report of the board of engineers for the
Pacific coast, constituted byeiigineerorderNo.
04, dated December 4, 1806, signed by Major
George H. Elliot, Major G. H. Mendel, Gen-
eral B. S. Alexander, and Captain Charles \V.
'■ Raymond, all of the engineer corps, in relation
i to tbe value of this island of Yerba Buena:
' " If the public mind could be disabused of the idea
that it may be obtained for railroad and commeicial
purposes by act of Congress, and it tho Government
were disposed to self the island andwcie to put it up
at auction to be sold to the highest bidder, it would
probably bring &5,OUO.OOO."
Mr. WASIiBUUN, of Wisconsin. 1 have
already referred to the same report and that
paragraph. I\rofc being able to read the letter
of Professor Peirce m full in my time, I shall
therefore ask that it be repotted in full in the
Globe. I assure gentlemen that jhe protests in
the Strongest possible lunna against the action
you propose, and assures me that if this bill
should fail to pass he would feel it to be his
duty lo go in peison to San Francisco and make
an examination of the island himself and^study
in person the effect upon the harbor of your
proposed action.
Gentier'an know thi^ island is wanted by
the Government for military purposes, lhey
it is worth millions. Yet, it is now pro-
advertise for sealed bids, and sell it to the
highest bidder. If the island is to be disposed
of let the Government have the money. The
Government needs the money to pay its houesfc
debts, and there is no reason that your con-
stituents and mine should be taxed millions
that this railroad company, which has already
received agiftof$55,000,000, should be exempt
from purchasing either the land necessary for
their business, or desirable as a private specu-
lation to the fortunate stockholders of this over-
grown corporation. Now, if with the facts I
have placed before them, gentlemen see tit to
vote for this bill, the responsibility is theirs,
not mine. I can only say, beware of an indig-
nant and outraged constituency. J append the
reports of the engineer department:
Letter from the Secretary of War adr interim, transmit-
mitring a re-port by (he Chief of Ungineevi relative to
a bill for the relief of the Terminal Central Pacific
HaUroad Company.
War Department.
"Washington City, January 2, lbGS.
Sir: I have the honor to send herewith a report by
the Chief of Engineers, dated December 20,1867. con-
taining information called for by a communication
from Hon. G. \V\ Julian, chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Public Tjuuds, which committee has under
consideration a bill lor the relief of the Terminal
Central Pacific Railway Company, to which the bill
contemplates granting the island of Yerba Buena,
in San Francisco harbor.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
U. S. GRANT,
Secrdwy vf TTar ad intettm.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax.
Speaker of the Houhq of Ilepresentativcs.
iirat)quarters corps of exgine^rs,
Washington, D. C., JDecembrr 20,3807.
General: I have the honor to return herewith tho
letter of tho Committee on the Public Lands of tho
House of Representatives, of 7th December, on the
subject of the bill for the relief of the Terminal
Central Pacific llailroad Company, and to report as
follows:
This subject was presented here about the of
November, by the engineer of the company, who
exhibited and explained the maps and projects of tho
j companyjwith sufficient detail to hhow the nature id
their undertaking.
A copy of the printed report, arid explanatory
paper*, was sent by me on tho 2d November to San
Francisco, to the board of engineers tor the Pacific
coast, with instructions to examine the qiu^Uot\oi
the occupation of Yerba Buena Island with deJtmsi vo
works, so as to ascertain how much of the island
would be needed for these uses and how far other
parts of it would be subject to the notion of the bat-
teries that should be placed upon it.
With the aid of the report to be iuvni^hetli by this
board of officers, now on the hpot and specially in-
structed to consider carefully all quotums pertain-
ing to tho defenses of San jbVancL-co, I shall be able
to say with some precision to what extcni.il at ai),
the United States should velu\f}ui-}U C'-uiiiolovev tin-5
island, with a view of facilitating tho commercial
operations which must be developed at tho terminus,
wherever that may be, of thcpcieatia'droad which id
now being constructed across the continent^
I must advise that no steps be taken to divest the
United Sratcs of its ownership of any part of the
island until it isdetinitcly settled what portions must
be retained to aid in securing the city arid harbor
against hostile vessels. ,
If, alter thorough examination, it ?nouH prove
that any part of it may be relinquished by the uni-
ted States, without interfering with tho defenses,
then the manner and terms upon which jueh por-
tion should be dibpobcd of should bo carefully con-
81 Tho bill proposes to relin<iui?h lour tilths of the
island, that is, about ninety acres, without any con-
sideration, to a company organized under general
laws, that proposes to build a railroad twenty-hyo
and one half miles in length, from Vallejo to tho
harbor of Sail Fiancisco. Should so large a portion
of the island, or any large part of it, prove to bo
available lor commercial purposes, its pecuniary
vnluo would be <creat, and should inure to the ben-
efit of the United States, or the State of O.iliiorma.
in some shape or other.
Commerce generally might require all, or the
greater part of the iclund: but for railroad purposes
there would be needed only a riyht of way and a Pite
for depot?, wants that a small part of tho whole tract
i| would supply. , , \
! Tt is to be remarked that the bill imposes no ooU-
il rations upon the company to build the proposed rau-
jl road, nor to do anv other thing, ih®.Srant
i i absolute free gift, without a single condition, or ioui
jifths of an inland containingoverone hundred acred,
in the middle of the harbor of San Iranosco, one
and a half mile from the city, with deep
up to tho shore on all sides except one. Ihe va ao
of this gift, over and above the cost of the woik
necessary to develop it, must be many vaHhon dot-
posed to b? given away without consideration. j| ^ciy respcetfaIIy, your obfdieot serTOnt
if { could he allowed to ofrer an amendment, ;i A. A. 11VMI llllhxb.
although protesting against the island being] Brigadier General of Commanding.
disposed of. would be to divide up the island, i! General V. S. GKaSx, Secretary of War ad
