1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
pensation in an additional running period of
the bonds, which is not found in the fifteen-
twenties nor in the twenty-five-thirties, pro-
posed by the Secretary. With such bonds
there would be a practical difficulty in the way
of any such refunding to any considerable
amount from the inability to command a suf-
ficient amount of coin under the "option of
coin," which must accompany the offer; nor
is there any fund applicable to the purchase of
coin in open market, were such a course desira-
ble. Obviously, to induce the voluntary relin-
quishment of bonds at a high rate of interest for
other bonds at a less rate, the holders must be
offered something preferable to the coin ten-
dered as an alternative.
The time has passed when holders can be
menaced with payment in greenbacks. What-
ever we do must be in coin or in some bond
■ which will be taken rather than coin. The
attempt at too low arate of interest would cause
the coin to be taken rather than the bond, if we
had the article at command, and would end in
a deluge of coin, sweeping away the premium
on gold. A return to specie payments, thus
precipitated, would be of doubtful value, if not
illusive, without other and sustaining measures.
In the suggestion that our exports must be
augmented, and our commercial marine re-
stored, I sympathize cordially; but I do not
see how this can be accomplished so long as
the present taxation is maintained, exercising
such a depressing influence on all industry,
making the necessaries of life dearer, adding
to the cost of raw material, and generally en-
hancing the price of our products so as to pre-
vent them from competing in foreign markets
with the products of other nations.
The proposition to make the interest on the
new bonds payable at various points in Europe,
at the option of the holder, seems unnecessary,
while it is open to objections. Such agencies
would be onerous and cumbersome. At Lon-
don, Paris, Frankfort, Berlin, and Vienna there
must be a machinery, with constant complica-
tions continuing through the lifetime of the
bonds to secure the transfers from point to point
and the obligatory remittances in gold; nor am
I sure that in this way foreign Powers might not
obtain a certain jurisdiction over our monetary
transactions. But I confess that the ruling
objection with me is of a different character.
New York is our commercial center, designated
by Providence and confirmed by man. Already
it has made a great advance, but it is not yet
quoted abroad as one of the clearing points of
the world. At New York'quotations are obtained
daily on London and Paris; but in these places
no such recognized quotations can be now
obtained on New York. That the agencies pro-
posed will tend to postpone this condition is a
sufficient objection.
I have made these remarks with hesitation,
but in order to prepare the way for the bill
which I have introduced. It was my duty to
show why the propositions of the Secretary
were not sufficient for the occasion, and this I
have tried to do simply and frankly. It is long
since I avowed my conviction that specie pay-
ments should be resumed, and I should now do
less than my duty if I did not at least attempt
to show the way which seems to me so natural
and easy. While the present system continues
we are poor. The payment of the national debt
and the accumulation of coin in the Treasury
are the signs of unparalleled national wealth,
but our financial condition is not in harmony
with these signs. The latest figures from the
Treasury are such as no other nation can ex-
hibit. From these it appears that the amount
of bonds purchased since March 1, 1869, for the
sinking fund was $22,000,000, and the amount
purchased subject to Congress $64,000,000,
being in all $86,000,000. The same propor-
tion of purchase for January and February
would be $23,000,000, making a sum-total of
$109,000,000 for one year. And, notwithstand-
ing this outlay, we find in the Treasury Janu-
ary 1, 1870, in coin no less than $109,159,000,
and in currency $12,773,000, making a sum-
total of $121,932,000. And yet with these
tokens of national resources manifest to the
world,_ our bonds are below par, and our cur-
rency is inconvertible paper. This should not
be permitted longer. With all these resources
there must be a way, even if we were not taught
that a will always finds a way.
The refunding of an existing loan implies
two distinct^ and independent transactions:
first, the extinction by payment in some form
of the existing loan, and secondly, the nego-
tiation of a new loan to an amount equal to
that extinguished.
The bill now before the Senate contemplates
the prompt extinguishment of the five-twenties
of 1862. But I would not have this import-
ant work entered upon until the Government
is fully prepared to say that, after a certain
period of notice, say six months, in order that
distant holders in Europe may be advised,
interest on the five-twenties of 1862 shall cease,
and the bonds be forthwith redeemed in coin.
There should be no coercion of any kind upon
any holder at home or abroad to induce the
acceptance of a substitute bond. I am happy
to believe that with the judicious use of five
per cent, ten-forties all the coin necessary for
such independent action may be assured in
advance. Believing that such five per cent,
bonds will be regarded by investors as prefer-
able to coin, I would give the holders of the
old bonds the first opportunity to subscribe for
the new. Such as elect coin will make room
for others ready to give coin in exchange for
such bonds.
If we look at the practical consequences we
shall be encouraged in this course. The re-
funding of the Sixes of 1862, being upward of
five hundred millions, into Fives, asauthorized
by the first section of the bill, contemplates the
payment from present funds of little more than
fourteen millions, being the excess of five-twen-
ties above the five hundred millions provided
for. The annual reduction of interest on that
loan will be $5,880,276. The substitution of
three hundred millions of Fours for a like
amount of Sixes as provided in the bill will
operate a further saving of $6,000,00p, making
a sum-total of $11,886,276, or near twelve mil-
lions. There willthen remain but $129,443,800,
subject to redemption, being five-twenties of
1864.
During the year 1870 the further sum of
$536,832,200, being five-twenties of 1865, will
fall within the control of the Government, when,
as it seems to me, and according to the con-
templation of the bill, the credit of the Gov-
ernment will be at such a pitch, that five hun-
dred millions can be refunded, in four aad a
half per cents., with the addition of thirty-six
millions paid from the Treasury—thus insuring
a further annual reduction of $9,709,932 or a
total annual saving of $21,596,208, of which
about twelve millions may bo saved during the
current year. Here for the present we stop.
Our interest-paying debt cannot be further
ameliorated before 1872, when three hundred
and seventy-nine millions, being five-twenties
of 1867, will become redeemable, and then in
1873 when forty-two millions; being fifteen-
twenties of 1868 and constituting the balance
of our optional Sixes, will become redeem-
able, all of which I gladly believe may be re-
funded in the four per cents, provided by the
present bill, to be followed in 1874 by a reduc-
tion of the original ten-forties into similar bonds.
I would remark here that the bill undertakes
to deal with the whole disposable national debt.
The amounts which I have given will be found
in the Treasury tables of January 1st last, and
are irrespective of the sinking fund and invested
surplus.
From these details I pass to consider the
bill in its aims and principles.
The proposition with which I begin is to
refund our six per cent, five-twenties of 1862,
amounting to upward of five hundred millions
into five per cent, ten-forties. In taking the !
term ten-forties I adopt the description of a
bond well known and popular at home and
abroad whose '' payment in coin'' is expressly-
stipulated by the original act authorizing the
issue. The bond begins with a good name,
which will commend it. The interest which I
propose is larger than I would propose for any
late bond. It is important, if not necessary,
in order to counteract the suspicion which has
been allowed to fall upon our national credit.
Even our Sixes are nowbelow parinEurope.
But they will unquestionably share the eleva-
tion of the new Fives substituted. Our first
attempt should be with the latter. Let these
be carried to par, and we shall have par
everywhere.
In this process the first stage is the convic-
tion that all our bonds will be paid in the uni-
versal money of the world. All bonds, whether
fives or sixes, will then advance. I know no
way in which this conviction can be created so
promptly and easily as by redeeming in gold
some one of our six per cent, loans, and that
most naturally selected is the first, which is
already so noted from the discussion to which it
has been subjected. But this can be done only
by offering to holders the option of coin or a
satisfactory substitute bond. With a new issue
of five per cent, ten-forties, limited in amount
to about the aggregate of the six per cent, five-
twenties of 1862—say five hundred millions—
I cannot doubt that every foreign holder of
such sixes will accept the fives in lieu of coin,
and so much of that loan as is held at home
may be paid in coin, if preferred by the hold-
ers, from the proceeds of an equal amount of
fives placed in Europe at par for coin.
Then will follow the advantage of this posi-
tive policy. _ The national credit will be be-
yond question. Nobody will doubt it. The
public faith will be vindicated. The time will
have come, which is the condition-precedent
named by the Secretary of the Treasury, when
the " want of faith in the Government" will
be removed, and the door will be open to
cheap loans. This will be, of course. It can-
not be otherwise if we only do our duty. Our
fives, being limited in amount, after being
taken at par in preference to coin, will ad-
vance iu value, so that the investment will
become popular. People will desire more but
there will be no more, so that without difficulty
or delay we may hope to refund five hundred
millions of our subsequent sixes, or so much
as may be desirable, at four and a half per cent,
in fifteen-fifties; if not, at four per cent, in
twenty-sixties.
In this operation the initial point is the na-
tional credit. With this starting point all is
easy. Our fives will at once ascend above
par, while a market is opened for four and a
half or four per cents. The stigma of repu-
diation, whether breathed in doubt or hurled
in taunt, will be silenced. There are other
fields of glory than in war, and such a triumph
will be among the most important in the an-
nals of finance. Bat to this end there must
be no hesitation. The offer must be plain,
" bonds or coin," giving the world assurance
of our determination. The answer will be as
prompt as the offer ; "bonds, and not coin."
In the process of financial reconstruction we
cannot forget the national banks, which have
already done so much. The uniform cur-
rency which they supply throughout the coun-
try commends them to our care. Accustomed
to the facilities this currency supplies, it is
difficult to understand how business was con
ducted under the old system, when every
bank had its separate currency, taking its color,
like the chamelion, from what was about it, so
that there were as many currencies, with as
many colors, as there were banks.
Two things must be done for the national
banks: first, the bonds deposited by them with
the Government must be reduced in interest,
and, secondly, the system must be_extended,
so as to supply much-needed facilities, espe-
cially at the West and South.
