678
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 7,
41st Cong.,..2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
dred and sixty-seven, shall be applicable to
the sam e.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to
cause copies of this present act to be sent to
the Governors of all such States, wherein any
of such national cemeteries may be situated,
to the end that the Legislatures of such States
may give the consent herein mentioned.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CCVII.—An Act for the Relief of Pre-
emption Settlers in the State of Nebraska.
Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That settlers upon the
public domain within the limits of the State
of Nebraska, who, prior to the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and seventy, had
filed their declaratory statements under the
preemption laws for tracts once offered at pub-
lic sale and afterward included in the lateral
limits of any withdrawal for railroad grants,
where such lands were at date of filing, as
aforesaid, subject to disposal, under said pre-
emption laws, and who, through erroneous
belief that by such withdrawal the lands so
settled upon and claimed became subject to
the designation of " unoffered" lands, have
failed to make the proof and payment required
by law within one year from the date of alleged
settlement, shall be, and are hereby, allowed
and authorized to make such proof and pay-
ment within one year from the passage of this
act, upon showing a full compliance with all
other provisions of the preemption laws: i>o-
vided, That such settlements were upon the
even-nnmbcied sections, and do not include
cuses declared to be invalid by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Appuovei>, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCV1IF.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to establish a Police Court
for the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes," approved June seventeen, eight-
een hundred and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That an act entitled "An
act t.o establish a police court for the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June seventeen, eighteen hundred and
seventy, be, and the same is hereby, amended
so that the said police couit may be organized
and the first term thereof held any day after
the judge of said court shall have been com-
missioned nnd qualified.
Appboved, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCIX.—An Act to establish an Addi-
tional Land District in the State of Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that portion of
the "western district" land district, created
by the act approved March three, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, entitled "An act to
establish three additional land districts in the
Territory of Kansas," which is situated north
of the township line dividing townships ten
and eleven, south, in said State, shall consti-
tute anew land districtto be called the Itepub-
Jicon land district.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnactcd, That the
President be, and lie is hereby, authorized, ■
whenever the public interest shall require, to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, or during the recess thereof, and
until the end of the next session of Congress
after such appointment, a register and a re-
ceiver for the district hereby created, who shall
respectively be required to reside at the site of i
their offices, have the same powers, respons-
ibilities, and emoluments, and be subject to
the same acts and penalties, which are or may
be prescribed by law in relation to other land
officers of the United States in said State.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
public lands in said district shall be subject to
sale and disposal upon the same terms and con-
ditions as other public lands of the United
States : Provided, That all sales and locations
made at the office of the old district of lands
situated within the limits of t.he new district,
which shall be valid and right in other respects,
up to the day on which the new office shall go
into operation, be, and the same are hereby,
confirmed.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
cnap. CCX.—An Act for the Improvement of
Water Communication between the Missis-
sippi River and Lake Michigan, by the Wis-
consin and Pox Rivers.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized to adopt for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Wisconsin river
such plan as may be recommended by the chief
of the Bureau of Engineers.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary aforesaid is hereby authorized to
ascertain at any time he shall deem proper
within three years from the passage of this act,
the sum which ought in justice to be paid to
the Green Bay and Mississippi Canal Company,
a corporation existing under the laws of Wis-
consin, as an equivalent for a transfer of all
and singular its property and rights of prop-
erty in and to the line of water communica-
tion between the Wisconsin river aforesaid and
the mouth of the Fox river, including its locks,
dams, canals, and franchises, or so much of
the same as shall, in the judgment of said Sec-
retary, be needed; and to that end is author-
ized to join with said company in appointing a
board of disinterested and impartial arbitra-
tors, one of whom shall be selected by the Sec-
retary aforesaid, another by said company, and
the third by the two arbitrators so selected. The
Secretary aforesaid is authorized to employ a
competent agent or attorney to represent the
interests of the United States upon the hear-
ing before such board: Provided, That in mak-
ing their award the said arbitrators shall take
into consideration the amount of money real-
ized from the sale of lands heretofore granted
by Congress to the State of Wisconsin to aid
in the construction of said water communica-
tion, which amount shall be deducted from the
actual value thereof as found by said arbitra-
tors.
. Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no
money shall be expended on the improvement
of the Pox or Wisconsin river until the Green
Bay and Mississippi Canal Companyshall make
and file with the Secretary of War an agree-
ment in writing, whereby it shall agree to grant
and convey to *.he United States the property
and franchises mentioned in the foregoing sec-
tion, upon the terms awarded by the arbitra-
tors. It is hereby made the duty of the Secre-
tary of War to transmit to Congress a copy of
the report of the arbitrators, upon which Con-
gress may, at its then present session, elect to
take such property upon making an appropri-
ation to pay the amount awarded: Provided,
That if the Secretary of War shall not trans-
mit to Congress a copy of the repoit of the
arbitrators at least sixty days before the close
of its ses-sion, Congress may at its next session
make such election and appropriation.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
tolls and revenues derived from the improve-
ments made or acquired under the provisions
of this act, after providing for the current
expenses of operating and keeping the same
in repair, shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States, and whenever the United States
shall be reimbursed for all sums advanced lor
the same, with interest thereon, then the tolls
aforesaid shall be reduced to the least sum
which, together with other revenues properly
applicable thereto, if any, shall be sufficient to
operate and keep the improvements in repair.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War shall annually report to
Congress the progress made in the completion
of said improvements, the amount expended
thereon, the amount, if any, required i'or the
succeeding fiscal year, and the amount of rev-
enue derived therefrom.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCXL—An Act to constitute Omaha,
in the State of Nebraska, a Port of Delivery.'
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Omaha, in the State
of Nebraska, shall be, and is hereby, consti-
tuted a port of delivery, within the collection
district of New Orleans; and there shall be
appointed a surveyor of customs, to reside at
said port, who shall, in addition to his own
duties, perform the duties and receive the
salary and emoluments prescribed by the act
of Congress, approved on the second of March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, for import-
ing merchandise into Pittsburg, Wheeling, and
other places.
Appp-ovf.d, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCXII.—An Act to amend the Laws
regulating the Assessment ot Taxes in the
City of Washington.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be the duty
of all officers of the corporation of the city of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, now
empowered by law to make assessments of
taxes upon the real estate therein, to file forth-
with, in the office of the collector of taxes of
said city, a transcript of such assessment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of said collector in each year
to embrace in the tax books of the current
year all taxes of every kind then assessed and
due upon or against the real estate in said city,
and including that of the previous year then
unpaid, and to collect all taxes so assessed
and certified as aforesaid at his office in said
city.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it
shall not be lawful for the mayor or city coun-
cils of the city of Washington, or any person
charged with the disbursements of money in
the District of Columbia, to divert from its
legitimate object any money levied or collected
as taxes from the people of said District, but
all such taxes so levied or collected shall be
kept separate and distinct, each item under
its own proper head, as named in the act or
acts authorizing such levy to be made, and that
no change whatsoever shall be made by trans-
fer ot one lund to another, or by paying out
any sum or sums of money on account of any
object or purpose for which it was not levied
or collected.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in
no case shall the sum levied for the "general i
fund," or miscellaneous purposes, exceed
twenty-five cents on the hundred dollars of
valuation.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
mayor of the city of Washington, by and with
the consent of the board of aldermen thereof,
shall appoint an auditor and a comptroller foi
