0468
TBI aOJFGRlSSIOFAL GT^QEE.
July 12,
The previous question was seconded snd the
wain question ordered; wljioii w$s on agree-
ing to the resolution.
The question wsys put on agreeing to the res-
olution ; and there were—ayes seventy, noes
not counted.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COST OX' LABOR AND SUBSISTENCE.
Mr. LAFLI^f also, from the same commit-
tee,reported thefollowing resolution ; oil which
he demanded the previous question.
liesolvptf. That there be printed for the use of the
House one thousand copies of the tables containing
the cost of labor and subsistence in the United
States, as furnished by the Bureau of Statistics.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
RKPORT OF THIS SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following concurrent reso-
lution ; on which ha demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) Thatten thousand additional copies
ot the report of the Smithsonian Institution for the
year 1S(69 b.e printed, threo thousand of which shall
be for the use of the Senate, four thousand for the use
of the House, and three thousand for the use of the
Institution: Provided, That the aggregate number
•if pages of Maid report shall not exceed four hun-
dred and fifty, and that there shall be no illustra-
tions except those furnished by the Smithsonian
Institution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resplution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Tl)e latter motion was agreed to.
INDKX TO CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution:
Resolved by _ the House of Representatives, (tho
Senate concuiring,) That the publishers of the Con-
gressional Globe be, and are hereby, directed to insert
an md-ex for all of the volumes of said Globe at any
one session of Congress in the last volume only of
the session, with tables, diagrams, and list of mem-
oers ol each House of Congress, on the plan adopted
in the volumes of said Globe for tho last session of
the Fortieth Congress.
.Mr. LAFLIN. I desire to explain to the
House 
Many Mbmbjsrs. No, no.
Mr. LAFLIN. Then I move the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of privilege.
I niovp to reconsider the vote on the resolu-
tion for printing the tables in regard to the
cost of labor and subsistence.
^The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Toik [Mr. Laflin] is still on the floor, and
his colleague [Mr. Cpx] cannot nipve to recon-
sider unless the floor is yielded to him for that
purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any yielding
of the floor.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be iaidon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. LAFLIN also, fromthe same committee,
reported the following concurrent resolution ;
on which he demanded the previous question :
Resolved by the Iloase of Representatives (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That there be printed three thou-
sand si'ven hundred extia copies of the report of the
special Comniitteo on the Postal Telegraph, with
accompanying documents, of which twenty-five hun-
dred shall bs for the use of the House, and twolve
hundred for he use of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIlSf moved to reconsider tlie vote
hy which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider b,e
laid on the table. «
The latter motion was agreed to.
COST OF LABOlt AND SUBSISTENCE.
Mr. COX. _ I desire now a reconsideration
of the resolution in regard to wages. I wish
to look at the paper. I think it is a partisan
paper. • ■ •
The SPEAKER. With reference to all the
resolutions reported from the Committee op
Printing, except the resolution as to wages,
there has been a motion made to reconsider,
and that motion has been laid on the table.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which that resolution \yas agreed to;
and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
commences atfifteenminut.es to three o'clock,
and reports are in order from the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Before pro-
ceeding to make a report, I yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Connecticut, [Sir. Stark-
weather.]
TIIEpDOKE ADAMS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimons con-
sent, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
submitted a joint resolution (II. R. No. 309)
for the relief ot Theodore Adams ; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted to
the Committee on Naval AflUirs, a)id ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider t)e
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OKDEIl Of BUSINESS.
Mr. ELA. I desire to move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of putting a bill upon its
passage.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I do not yield
for that purpose.
Mr. LAWRENCE, I rise to make a priv-
ileged report.
Mr. BINGHAM. Duringthe morning hour
no privileged reports are in order.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is a report from the
Committee on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. That is not privileged so
as to take a member off the flooi. Nothing bat a
report of a committee of conference can take
a member off the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. TheHousc decided to give
tho Committeeon the Public Lands a morning
hour. If the House should adjourn now, would
they bo entitled to a morning hour to-morrow ?
'1 he SPEAKER. 1'he Chair would hold not,
the committee having been called during the
morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move thut the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. And on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have not
yielded the floor. I have sent up a report, but
it has not yet been read.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot be
considered as having yiSlded the floor until the
reading of the report has commenced.
WISCONSIN LAND GRANT.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I am instructed
by the Committee on the Public Lands to report
back, with an amendment in tiie nature of a
substitute, the joint resolution (S. R. No. 11)
extending the time to construct a railroad from
the St. Croijf river or Jake to the west end
of Lake Superior and to Bayfield.
Mr. HOLMAN- I call for the reading of
the original joint-resolution and the substitute.
The Clark read the original joint resolution.
It provides that the grant of land heretofore
made to the State of Wisconsin by the acts
approved June 3, 1856, and M^y 5, 1864, to aid
in building a railroad from St. Croix river or
lake to Superior and to Bayfield be renewed
and pxtepaed for tj;e period of se^en years
to the State of Wisconsin, fpr the tise and
benefit pf §ny conipapy designated by said
State, st}ch extension to commence 'apd date
fron} May Q, 1869 ; all jands fp bp conveyed by
patents upon the sania teems ai}4 conditions as
are coptaineil in the acts granting lftnd to said
State, appyoved Jmie 3, '185^, itfld 'May 6,
1864; provided that the said railway company
shall complete thirty miles of said road within
eighteen months from the date of the extension
hereby granted, and at the i>te p,f thirty miles
per year thereafter until the sarrie'ia finished;
and should said company faij tQ do so that
portion of said land to which said company
shall not be entitled to patents shall revert to
the United States, and shall be imtnedjately
placed in market- Jt is further provided that
patents shall not be issued for any lands except
t hat situated opposite to and conterminous with
the completed sections of said road ; and that
no further sale of any of thp lands grafted or
of timber growing thereon shall be made uutil
after thirty miles of said railroad shall have
been completed and in use.
The substitute reported by the Committee
on the Public Lands was then read, as fol-
lows :
That tho grant of land heretofore made to the State
ot Wtseotisin by the acts approved Juue 3,1856, and
May o, 18i4, to aid in building a railroad from St.
Croix river or lake to Superior and to Bayfield be,
and is hereby, renewed and extended tor the period
or seven yeardto the State of Wisconsin for the use
and benefit of the raihvav companies designated by
said State in the year i860; such extension to com-
mence and date from Mayo, 1669; alt lands to be
conveyed hy patents upon tho same terms and con-
ditions as are contained in the act granting land to
the said State, approved June 3, 1856: Provided,
.that the word mineral, when used in the preceding
acts hereinbefore referred to, shall not be held to
include coal or iron: And provided further. That
neither ot said railway companies shall be entitled to
the provisions of this resolution, unless it shall com-
plete twenty miles of its road within eighteen months
troin the date of the passage of this resolution, and
at the rate ot twenty miles a year thereafter until
the same is finished. And should any company to
winch this grant may inure fail to build its road
within the tune extended that portion of said lands
for which such company shall not be entitled to
patents shall revert to the United States, and shall
oc immediately placed in market and subject to pri-
vate entry, preemption, and homestead location
under exist'ng ia.ws, and the company or companies
to which this grant may inure are each hereby re-
quired to deposit with trie treasurerof Wisconsin, for
the use of said State, within sixty days from thepas-
sage ot this resolution, the sum of $50,(KM in such
securities, national or State, as shall he satisiactory
to tho Governor of said Statu, and if either of said
railway companiesshailfail to comply with thepro-
visious ot this resolution, the sum so deposited by
such company shall be lorteited to the Slate afore-
said; aim :ii soon as either of snid railway couipa- i
nies shalt have constructed twenty miles of its road
to tue satisiaction ot the Governor ot said State, the
securities so deposited by it shall oe returned to such
company; and should cither of said companies fail
to comply with any orotic, provisions of this resolu-
tion the said fctate ot W isconsin may transfer the
lands heretofore and hereby granted to which sueh
company would be entitled by a compliance with the
provisions ot this resolution to any other company,
on condition that such company to whichsuch trans-
H made shall deposit $.50,000 as aforesaid
within sixty days trom the da*e of such transfer;
and that the granf. tor said J3ayiield line be, and the
same ls heieby, extended to the town of St. Croix
falls, upon tile same terms and conditions as if said
extension had been made part of the original and
?t?JJiPae.m.enf grant, and that such grant is made to
aaict btate lor tho benefit of saidcompany designated
tor the coustiuction of said line from the town of
bt Croix l alls to Bayfield.
it further resolved. That tho lands
L J? a0t" uxoept">s only such as are
it =; i /1 ■ t0> reserve tor depots,
!„] tiacBs, wood-yards, standing grounds,
and other needtul uaes in operating tti*  road, and
timber and iruner.il land, shall be sold to actual
aud 111 quantities nut exceeding: one
I ! and^!-fy acres to auy one person, under
thn £ rosineuons as may be prescribed by
the toecrfctarj 01 the Interior, at such prices will
