TEEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mav 18,
v y
the secrete. The oath of the "second degree
of the Melchisedec priesthood " binda th m
to spill the blood of the "wicked and ungu ii /
Gentiles, and. let their substance be wasted."
It invokes the curse of God on this nation and
Government, and asks that war, famine, and
cruel pestilence may overtake it. It enjoins
constant enmity toward the United States Gov-
ernment for not avenging the death of Smith,
find pledges the endowees to do all they can to
destroy, tear down, or overthrow that Govern-
ment ; to renounce all allegiance and refuse
all submission. If those who take the oath
are unable to do anything themselves to ac-
complish these objects, they are sworn t-o teach
it to their children from the nursery ; iiftpress
it upon them from the death-bed; entail it
upon them as a legacy. It is to be made the
one leading idea and sacred duty of their lives.
When the Mormons first arrived in Utah, in
1847, it was Mexican territory, and Brigham
Young undoubtedly contemplated setting up a
government of liis own. By the treaty of
Gaudalupe Hidalgo, in 1848, the country now
embraced in the Territory of Utah was trans-
ferred to the jurisdictioB of the United States.
In 1850 Congress pasaei an act to organise the
Territory of Utah. Early in 1849 the Mor-
mons formed a constitution and organized the
State of Deaeret,'' electing Brigham Young
governor. They have secretly run th&t govern-
ment ever since, electing its officers and passing
laws annually. Brigham Young was appointed
Governor of Utah Territory, and there being a
chance forhitn to rob theTreasury of the United
States he concluded to forego his ambitious
projects for awhile, and that the new " State"
and its code of laws should lie dormant or be
merged into the territorial government. But
there never has been a time since Brigham
Young crossed the Rocky mountains when he
has honestly entertained the idea of being a
good and loyal citizen of the United States.
In 1856 he said;
" I say. as the Lord lives, we are bound to become
a sovereign State in the Union or an independent
nation by ourselves."
When an effort was made to have him re-
moved as Governor he raved like a madman
and defied the whole world. He preached a
long sermon, full of fury, from which the fol-
lowing are extracts:
" I live above law. and so do this people. I will be
Governor still, after you have done everything you
can to prevent it. We have got a territorial gov-
ernment, and J am and will be Governor, and no
power can hinder it."
In 1857, having brought on the "Mormon
war," he had to give up the governorship of
the Territory, but his power has been nearly as
omnipotent ever since. He has ruled Govern-
ors, judges, secretaries, and marshals, with
some honorable exceptions, by- bribery, flat-
tery, fear, x)t some other adroit chicanery, and
Utah is to-day the same pandemonium it al-
ways has been. He has always had the terri-
torial Legislature under his complete control,
the members being all oath-bound Mormons,
and he dictates every law; He has established
probate courts, where nearly all the business
is done, and the judges are his most pliant
tools. He tells jurors, grand and trial, what
they are to do, and if they disobey him in the
least particular they are lashed from the pulpit.
Some years ago J. M. Grant held forth in
the tabernacle as follows t
"Last Sunday the president chastised some of the
apostles and .bishops who were on tho-grand jury.
Did he fully succeed in clearing away the fog which
surrounded them, and in removing blindness from
their eyes? No; for they could go to their room and
again disagree; though to their credit it must be
admitted that a brief explanation made them unan-
imous in their action."
In the same conneciion, speaking of the trial
jury, he said
"Several have gob into the fog to suck and <w.t the
filth of a Gentilocourt; ostensibly a court in Utah."
, Evidence of the present-condition of affairs
in Utah is not wanting. Brigadier General
James F. Rusling, a citizen of New Jersey,
and a Republican candidate foe Congress in
the fall of 1868, made a report to the Quarter-
master General, as inspector ofthe quartermas-
ter's department, in the fall of 1867, from which ;
I take the following extracts:
" The real condition of affairs in Utah is but feebly
understood East, and the Government seems to be
indulging in illusions with regard to those malcon-
tents that do not promise to be realized.
" It was my fortune to spend over three weeks at
Great Salt Lake City, from October li to November
7, inclusive. During that time I met most of the
Federal officers, military and civil, then there; also
Brigham Young, Daniel H. Wells, Hobcr Kimball,
George Q. Canmon, Hiram dawson, and most of the
Mormon dignitaries; also attended the annual mus-
ter and review of the Mormon militia, November 1;
and by free conversation with merch ants and business
men generally, of all shades of opinion, in Utah and
elsewhere, I endeavored to inform myself faithfully
as to the true condition of affairs in that much-
debated Territory.
" My conclusion was and is—all one-sided, inter-
ested, or intimidated accounts to the contrary—that
there is no substantial liberty of speech or of the
press in Utah, and no safety for Gentile life or prop-
erty without a tacit acquiescence in the existing
order of things there. ' We are glad to see Gentiles
come in here, and welcome strangers generally, if
they mind their own business; but if they get to
talking about our peculiar institutions they had
better leave; Salt Lake is no place for such folks.'
This was the remark of a Mormon to me high in the
counoils of the chu-rch, and was corroborated again
and again by what others said.
"It is tho same as it wa3 South, before the war.
' Peculiar institutions,' whether slavery or polygamy,
breed tho same results, whether in. South Carolina or
Utah, and the Only safe alternative for outsiders is
acquiescence or emigration.
"How far the loaders of the Mormons direoUy 1
order outrages and crimcs against Gentiles is, per-
haps, a mooted question; but that the pulpit teach-.
ings of tho chureh and Mormon public opinion gen-
erally do encourago and sanction such outrages-and
crimes ought not to be longer doubted.
"At tho Mormon tabernacle in Great Salt Lake
City, October 14, during regular public worship of
two hours or more, I being present, the Government
of the United States and the people thereof were bit-
terly assailed in addresses by prominent Mormons,
(and this occurs, more or less, every Sabbath, jus ex-
cellent people there assured me,) the direct tendency
of the gist of which was to incite sedition and pro-
mote unlawful violence toward Gentiles. That this
was the result. Mormons, without much hesitation,
admitted; and also admitted that Dr. Robinson's
death, October 22, while I was there, probably re-
sulted from ' ignorant and fanatic Mormons,' uiough
they denied further participation than this of the
church in tho murder, and resented the idea of
'Thugs,' or ' Danites,' or 'Destroying Angels,' &c.
The Federal judiciary were strong in asserting this,
and cited it as their chief reason for their failure to
enforoe the laws against Mormon offenders. They
said they wore well assured of the whereabouts of the
murderers of Mr. Brassfield and others, particularly
of those engaged in tho famous, or rather infamous,
Mountain Meadow massacre; but to attempt to ar-
rest and try tbein before a Mormon jury would only
result in a judicial farce.
"The church—that is to say, Brigham Young—is
supreme, because Young's word is law and gospel in
Utah as yet, all accounts to the contrary. Reports
of the weakening of his influence appear from time
to time; but the fact remains, as is evident from a
week's sojourn in Great Salt Lake City, if a man
chooses to observe and think for himself, that Brig-
ham Young is still Governor de facto there of the
State of Deseret, no matter whoin the President may
send out as Governor dejure of the Territory of Utah.
The Legislature of the'State of Deseret' still con-
venes regularly; Brigham Young sends in his mes-
sage to themand they proceed to reenact the laws
of the territorial Legislature, &c. In other words, as
Mormons they decline to recognize the United States
territorial organization any further than they have
to, and would reject it altogether if they had the
power to. To this end all efforts are bent now,
strange as it may seem, and the people are carefully
manipulated and indoctrinated into the belief that,
like the ancient Israelites, they are ' God's chosen
people,' and therefore invincible against the United
States and all other Gentile opposers.
"As to polygamy itself, although in open violation
of our national laws, it seems to be largely on the
increase.
" It was bad enough before the passage of the re-
cent laws on the suhjeot in 1862,1 believe. Since
then, however, the Mormon leaders appear to have
studiously inculcated the practice of it, so as to im-
plicate as many persons of both sexes as possible in
it, and thus render the future execution of the anti-
polygamy laws very difficult, if not well-nigh imprac-
ticable.
"In the conversation of-many Mormons persons
of thti female sex have already sunk to ' my women,' -
about the same as they speak of their other domes-
tic animals, or as our southern slave lords used to
speak of their ' likely young niggers.'
"On this point, however, nothing more need be
said than that the whole thing is simply an organ-,
ized insult to Christianity and an outrage against
the civilization of the age; in very truth, slavery's
hideous and .exquisite '-twin relio of barbarism/ and-
that the American Government ought'not to lend it
the sanction of its flag a day longer than it urast.
" In the above it has been endeavored to give a
brief but just statement of affairs in Utah us they
really are. Nothing has been said about the general
industry and thrift of the Mormons, their sobriety,
observance of law and order toward each other, &e.,
nor their general ignorance, want of schools, lack of
newspapers, &c., because theso may be conceded.
So, no doubt, bad Gentiles sometimes find their way
there and do bad things, and no doubt the Mormons
also have sometimes been much wronged and tra-
duced. But all these, it is respectfully submitted, are
side issues, and in no way affect the main question.
Tho vital fact remains, unfortunate as it may be,
that the Mormons are a lawless and seditious com-
munity of people, hostile to persons not of their faith
and practice, and that they live boastingly in defi-
ance ofthe public laws of tho Union."
Hon. John Titus was for four years chief
justice of Utah, and is a man of high charac-
ter and marked ability. He is well known to
many Senators. In a letter to me, dated Salt
Lake City, December 28, 1867, he says:
"With the fullest assurance of its truth, I am
requested to give you the following information:
Mr. , a detective officer of the city of New
York, can give you the most reliable information
concerning the murder of Dr. J. King Robinson in
this city on the night of the 22d of October, 1866, an
atrocity deriving every aggravation, not only from the
extraordinary merit and rare promiso of tho young
victim, but also from thedeliberate, remorseless cru-
elty of the perpetrators and their counselors and
abettors, who are known to be tho leaders and exposi-
tors of the Mormons and their system in this Terri-
tory. This outrage would have convulsed Rome to
the very heart in the zenith of its power, if not pro-
duced violent changes in the government itself, and
it is hoped th at it may do something to rouse even the
apathy of our own.
"It ought also to be added that this is but one of a
long series of crimes, including the Mountain Meadow
massacre and the murder of Captain Gunnison and
his party—which our Government can trace to the
Mormon leaders and expositors here by a chain of
irresistible deductions as soon as it shall make tho
effort—the evidence of which, however, is fast passing
away, and will soon leave the guilty to rejoice in their
impunity and our Government to the fearful respons-
ibility of such omissions of justice.
"The last of these murders ought to be more spe-
cifically stated, because it illustrates so dearly tho
present audacity of crime and impotency of justice
in Utah, which must continue while the law remains
ns it now is. Early in August last Isaac Potter, and
Charles Wilson and John Walker, two of Potter's
employes, were arrested on a petty chargaof theft at
Coalville, some forty-five miles east of this, and were
confined in a school or meeting-house. About the
middloof the next succeeding night the first two were
killed dead, and the last severely wounded by those
who had them in custody, and their associates. John
Walker, however, made his escape,and wounded as
he was, with the aid of some friends, reached Camp
Douglas, near this city, and upon the oaths of him
and others I issued warrants for the arrest of sixteen
men engaged in this murder. Eleven of them were
secured, one formerly on the police and a brother
of a present policeman of this city, and another of
them a connection of Lieutenant General Daniel H.
Wells, the third president of the Latter-Day Saints.
These two admitted in Coalville the day previous that
they were sent from this city by the Mormon leaders
to have Potter and his men put to death. The evi-
dence on the hearing of thiscase,carefully reported,"
* * ♦ * "is conolusive of guilt. The
offenso not being bailable, the accused were commit-
ted for trial on the third Monday of October last.
The next night, however, they were coolly allowed
to escape, without any effort to retain them, by the
MormOn territorial marshal, who, in the present state
of the law, supersedes the United States marshal in
all oases net arising directly under the laws and per-
taining to the interests of the United States; John
: Walker did not appear as a prosecutingwitness. Wo
had no means of protecting him, and I am assured
and believe that he, too, has been murdered.
" The escaped prisoners published over their names
i in tho Mormon Telegraph, an impudent letter,
written, as we no w know by i ts editor, and intended to
have been facetious, promising to appear for trial.
They did not come, however, but are now abroad,
1 hero and elsewhere in the Territory, abusing tho
| Federal officers and sneering at tho Government
itself. • Abusive artioles, threatening with violenco
the Federal officers concerned in the investigation of
this oaso, were published in the Deseret News and
the Daily Telegraph, organs of the Mormons here.
" Isaac Potter was the third member of the family
of that name who has thus fallen. The explana-
tion of this bloody work can be found in the fact that
1 the first ofthe Potters thus put to death wasan invol-
untary witness of the murder of Captain Gunnison
and his party, and was too honest to remain silent. It
was thereforedeemed necessary by tho prime movers
of the murder of Gunnison, who in all probability
were the Mormon leaders, and not the Indians, as
reported, thus to put these men to death in order to
extinguish this testimony. The last of these threo
Potters was, as I am informed a bravo, shrewd man,
of many magnanimous qualities, and made numer-
ous friends. His body was found with the throat cut
from ear to ear, which is explained by tho initiated as
indicative ofawish, even witibhismurderer?,to secure
his spiritthe benefit of 'blood atonement, in the
life to oome. As a means of dispatching the victim
this was certainly unnecessary, for his body was
