1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Mr. STEWART. I undertake to say, with-
out fear of being mistaken on the general prop-
osition, that those who were conspicuously
loyal in the South, according to my reading
of the progress of the war, were robbed by the
enemy at once, hunted from their homes, and
they had very little to give our armies when
they came. Those who were able to retain
their property in the South generally sympa-
thized with the rebellion, although it may be
impossible to prove that they were disloyal. A
man in the South who could retain his prop-
erty during the war was not a very active Union
man, so that he would have anything to sell to
our armies when they came there. So I say
very little of this relief will go to those who
really made sacrifices, and were dragged to
rebel dungeons; very little, from the very neces-
sity of the case, can go to them. It is those
who were wealthy, who stayed at home, who
tried to keep on good terms with both sides,
and tried to make money out of the war in the
South, as the shoddyites referred to made
money out of us in the North, who will be
benefited by this bill. They dealt with our
armies and got receipts from them. They are
the parties to be benefited by this bill as a
general rule; and consequently, I say if we are
to commence any attempt to compensate men
at the South I want all the safeguards possible
thrown around paying money thatmust be taken
from loyal men through our system of taxation
at this late day. I say they have got more than
their share.
I will conclude by suggesting to the Com-
mittee on Claims that if we are to do this
thing at all, if we are to attempt to compen-
sate men at the South, we should provide that
all large claims, all over $500, should go
before the Court of Claims. Let the bill go
to the committee with the understanding that
a modification of that kind shall be made so
as to perfect the bill. I do not want to be in
the way of passing any bill by which one Union
man can be paid unless it involves the paying
of one hundred and fifty or two hundred or one
thousand rebels who made money out of the
war, and that peculiar kind of rebels who were
friends to both sides, and stayed at home and
speculated out of the war. I want to be per-
fectly certain thai the persons who receive this
money were loy?,l to the country; and I wish
all large claims, those of $500 and over, to be
investigated by a court where witnesses can be
sent for, and where the particular issue can be
determined.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President-
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion of the Senator from Nevada. I under-
stand that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Nevada gives the Court of
Claims power to diminish and not to increase
the amount found due by the Quartermaster
General or Commissary General.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. It seems to me that the
amendment does not exactly accomplish what
my friend from Nevada and Senators on that
side of the question desire. It seems to me
that the amendment, to be in the spirit of the
remarks that have been made, should be that
the Court of Claims shall have power to decide
in favor of the Government, but shall not have
power to decide in favor of the claimants. I
think that amendment would make it consist-
ent. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Nevada accept that amendment to
the instructions proposed by him ?
Mr. STEWART. Most certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
garded as pending.
Mr. STEWART. I will not resist it; I will
let it go on if the Senator desires it.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator from
Michigan yield to an adjournment ?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to continue
this debate at this late hour of the afternoon^
and do not propose to do so. I have some-
thing to say, or at least Bhall have before the
final vote is taken on this bill that has come
from the Committee on Claims. It is a very
important bill, in myopinion, andinvolves most |
serious and in>oortant principles of public law. [
I cannot concur in much that has been said ;
in the eloquent but somewhat extraordinary j
speech of the Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Willey.] I do not think he does justice j
to the patriotic people of the North, who not
only sent their sons to the war to be slaughtered
like cattle in the shambles, but sent also their
means to assist the Union Ar my in prosecuting
this war. I do not think, sir, he does justice
to the men of large and small means who con-
tributed all they could to support this war ; to
the widow and to the orphan, who alike each
contributed her and his mite. 1 do not think
he does justice to that claBS of persons when he
ranks them under the general denomination,
the scornful and sneering denomination of
" shoddy." For one, as a representative of a
northern community, I have something to say,
and I shall try to say it before the final vote is
taken upon this bill in reply to the censure
thrown upon my constituents and the whole
northern constituency by the Senator from
West Virginia. I cannot very well bear such
epithets, find I propose at the proper time to
reply to them.
Mr. WILLEY. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLEY. When I was speaking of
"shoddy" I did not know that I was alluding
to the Senator's constituents at all. They were
not in my mind.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Michi-
gan may not have been in the mind of the
Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. WILLEY. Nor any of his constituents.
Mr. HOWARD." The remark was of a gen-
eral, sweeping character, that comprehended a
whole class, as I understood it, and was accom-
panied by an intense sneer. I have something
to say upon the very principle that underlies the
bill, the principle of public law upon which we
ought to act, and upon which we must act in
reference to this very important subject.
I hold, for one, that war is a misfortune and
a scourge, and that there are cases in which
parties may suffer in consequence of a war, and
suffer innocently, in which it is no duty of the
Government to which they belong to indemnify
or make them good. It is a common calamity
to whole communities, to whole nations, and
to all the individuals who make up a nation or
a community, and each individual in such a
case must be prepared to take his part in the
common sufferings that afflict the community
to which he belongs. I will not, however, at
this time proceed with the discussion. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 4, 1870.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
; by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
! The Journal of yesterday was read and
| agreed to. |
I order of business. i
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call .
' for the regular order.
1 The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the question pending at the
i adjournment yesterday, whether the House will
> receive as the report of the Committee on Re-
; construction the bill which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] presented as the
report of that committee. On this question
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In order
that the morning hour may not be interfered
; with, I desire to ask that this question may be
postponed till after the morning hour,
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I make the point of
order that the House was dividing, when, the
yeas and nays being called for, tliev were
ordered.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] insists on his paint
of order, it will bo the duty of the Chair to
rule upon it. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts asks unanimous consent, which it v/ill
require, that the business at present in order
shall be suspended until alter the morning
hour. Is there objection?
Mr. KERR. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman then must
have the yeas and nays called; after which a
majority of the House can postpone the subject.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a parliamentary ques-
tion.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. BECK. The inquiry I wish to make is
one I tried to make yesterday, but could not in
the confusion of the moment. What becomes
of the substitute to the bill offered by me, which
wasalso ordered to beprinted and recommitted ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
arrangement to be that the gentleman from
Kentucky should have the right to offer that
amendment; and that right still adheres.
There was no objection; and the Georgia
case was postponed until after the morning
hour.
personal explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, on the 4th
of last month the House had under consider-
ation the naval deficiency bill, appropriating
$3,000,000 to carry on the work then suspended
at the different navy-yards of the country. The
correspondent of the Sacramento Union, a
paper published in California, writes home to
that paper that he witnessed with pain from
the gallery my opposition to that bill. The
gentleman, perhaps, had some ground for the
statement; but that I was opposed to the bill
is not a fact. I was for the largest appropria-
tion which was offered, and all my friends
around me will bear me witness that I labored
with them to induce them to vote for the
$3,QOO,000. This gentleman writes home in
the way he does because he saw me vote against
my colleague from the second district [Mr.
Sargent] on the call of the yeas and nays,
which he construed into opposition to the bill.
My colleague was on the Committee on Appro-
priations. There was an amendment submitted
reducing the appropriation very materially.
That amendment was opposed by my colleague.
On the yeas and nays on that amendment I
voted against my colleague, but the amend-
ment had already been adopted. I repeat, my
friends all around me will bear me witness
that I did everything I could for the success
of the bill.
This correspondence has gone home and
has been taken up by the papers published
at Vallejo, where Mare Island navy-yard is
located, and I have been attacked as voting
against the interests of the laboring men dis-
charged from that yard. It is intimated that my
action against the bill was influenced by a de-
sire to reduce the force at that yard because
the force there happened to be composed of
Republicans. I was for the bill, and I wish to
say that no such considerations as those inti-
mated ever did or ever will influence a single
vote of mine. I can readily see how the
Union's correspondent could have mistaken
my position, and how he did mistake it j there-
fore I attribute no blame to him. Neitter do
I blame the papers making the attack on me,
for they were led into an error by the error of
the correspondent. I do not think any of the
parties would do me intentional wrong.
PCB1IQ LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I hold in my hand a petition
which is quite brief, and which I a k to have
