1870.
THE CONGEEBSIOKAL GKLOBI.
secure to said companies, their successors or assigns,
an average p.rioe of not more than $2 50 per acre
for the land actually certified for _ each com-
pleted section of twenty miles of said^ railrdads,
and to insure an enforcement of this section it snail
be the duty of the Company receiving the certificates
from the Secretary of the Interior as aforesaid, tor
the lands granted in aid of the construction of the
first sectUni of twenty miles of dither of said rail-
roads* and within on.© year thereafter, to fix a price
on eacn ohe hundred and sixty acre tractdescribed
in said certificates iii such mantlet and at such rates
that the average prlfte of the whole amount certi-
fied shall not exceed $2 00 per acre, and repbrt
the same to the Secretary of the Interior, expos-
ing a copy of such import to the public m tbfe office
of the secretary of such company; and any person
actually settling upon said land, or any Govern-
ment subdivision thereof, shall have the right to
purchase, at the price so flxed, any uhsold parciel ot
said land upon payment of said price; and oti Pay-
ment therefor it shall be the duty df the SSaretary
of such company to make out duplicate certificates
of the sale under the seal of the company, send one
to the Secretary of the Interior, and deliver the
other to the purchaser; and it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior .to issue to sueh pur-
chaser a patent for the 'land described in his certi-
ficate, as m cases of land sold by the United States.
•And the same form of proceeding shall be observed
with respect to the lands certified by the Secretary
of the Interior on each succeeding completed soetfOn
of twenty miles, of either line of said railroads:
Provided, That no certificate of lands to such com-
pany or companies oti any completed section a.iler
the first shall be made by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior until, ho shall have received a report, as afore-
said. of the price fixed on the land, cei'tified for the
next preceding completed section of either Of said
railroads.
Mr. BENJA51IN. I make tlie point of order
that this joint resolution is not a report of the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. That is not
a point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Itisnot
true in point of fact.
The SPEAKEB. The point is one recog-
nized by the lules which any gentleman has the
right to make.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The point of
order would come with more grace from some
member of the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr.- CULLOM. It is a very good point,
nevertheless.
The SPEAKEB. The gentleman from Mis-
souri makes the point of order that this is not
a report from the Committee on the Public
Lands, and the Chair will submit thatquestion
to the House.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question,
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Let us have the facts.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesola. I suppose the
Chair will decide the question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
inquire on what the gentleman from Missouri
basis his statement that this is not a report of
the committee?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I donot know that 1 am
under any obligation to answer that question.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Wilson] to yield to me for a
moment.
Mr. WILSON, or Minnesota. I will do so.
Mr. JULIAN. I have here a report of the
Committee on the Public Lands on a resolution
of the House to print the Land Office report,
ask that it may be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report may
I'c&d -
Mr. NEGLEY. If this report isTt-ad, will
it come out of the morning honr?
The SPEAKER. It must, for the morning
hour is now running.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object to it, then.
Mr. JULIAN. I withdraw the report. _
The SPEAKER. There may be some mis-
apprehension from an answer made by the
Chair some moments ago to an inquiry.
gentleman asked the Chair if the House should
nowdjourn v.ouldtheCommitteeonthel ubhc
Lands be envitlod to another morning hour,
and the Chair answered that they would not.
Of course the bill now pending would continue
to occupy the morning hour until disposed of.
The question now before the House is, " Shall
this report be received as the report of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands?
Mr BENJAMIN. ' I will say( in reply to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Washburn,] made of me some time ago, that
I do not expect, perhaps, to defeat the passage
of this bill; but I do expect to use up this morn-
ing hour, if the House will assist me in doing
so, and thus throw the bill ovat. That is the
Whole of it.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
receiving this as the report of the committee.
Mr. HQLMANi Upon that question 1 call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WOODWARD. I caiinot vote intelli-
gently on this question without knowing what
the facts are.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I call upon
the chairman of the Cohamittee on the Public
Lands [Mr. Juliak1] to make a statement in
regttrd to this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I intend no reflection
upon the Committee on the Public Lands. The
gentleman knows very well what my motive is.
Mr. JULIAN. May I say one word?
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
Mr. JULIAN. This bill is reported regu-
larly from the Committee on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
that there is no reasonable doubt that this is a
report of the Committee on the Public Lands;
but the Chair recognizes the right of any gen-
tleman to raise that point; and having been
raised the House must pass upon it.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 140, nays 10,
not voting 7-1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey. Banks, Bar-
tium, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, lien-
ton, Bingham, Blair,- Booker, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buckley, Buffinfon, Burcliard, Roderick It.
Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William X. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger. Cook,
Covode, Cuwles, Cox, Ciebs, Culiom, Darrall, Dawes,
Dickinson, Dixon, Donley, Dux, Ela, Ilidridge,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
Fitch, Fox, Garfield. Gotz, Hamilton, Harris, Haw-
kins, Hawley, Hay, lloar, ilolman, Hooper, Jenckes,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, KoI*ey, Ketch-
ail), Lawrence, Loushridsre, Lynch, Marsh alt, May-
hnin, Maynard, McCarthy, McCoriniek, McCrary,
McGrrew,McjSTeely, Mercui, JesseXI.Mooie, William
Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morreil, Myers, iNegley,
Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Fame, Palmer,
Peck, Force, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Pot-
ter, Prosser, Pvogers, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schu-
nniker, Sen field, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith,
Worthington 0. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stokes, Stougbtun. Strickland, Ssvn nn, Tatie, Taylor,
Townsend, Twioheli,Upson, Van Trump, Van/U yok,
Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wiiliatn B.
Washburn, Welkcr, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
Wiilard, Williams. Eugene M. Wilson, Witcher, and
Woodward—140.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Bird, 01 oveland, Gilfillan,
Haight, Ilamill, Hays, Lash, Miines, Ehakim II.
Moore, Morgan, Piatt, Randall, Hooves, Stiles, and
Whitmore—10.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Adams, Arnell, Beaman,
Biggs, Boles, Bowen, James Brooks, Buck, Burdett,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb,
Conner, Davis, Wegener, Dickey, Doekery, Duval,
Dyer, Gibson, Griswold, Ilaldeman, Hale, Hamble-
ton, Heflin, Hill. Hoge, Hotehkiss, lngersoll. Alex-
ander II. Jones, Judd, Keliey, Kellogg, Kerr, Knapp,
Knott, Lafiin, Lewis. Logan, McKee, McKcnzia,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, Newsham,
Packer, Porter, Rice, Ridgway, Sanford, Schenck,
Shanks, Shcrrod, Shober, Slocum, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stone, Strader. Stromf, Sweeney, Tan-
ner, Tillman, Trimble, Tyner, Van Aukcn, Van
Horn, Wallace, Ward, John T. Wilson, Winans,
Winchester, and Wood—71.
So the House decided to entertain the bill
as the report of the Committee on the Public
Lands. • • * *1 i.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub*
stitute reported from the committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I desire to
make a very brief statement in reference to
this bill. It is not a new land grant, but an
extension of time on an old grant. Ihe bill
came from the Senate more than a year ago,
and was referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lio Lands, and it has been considered by that
committee. The Senate bill merely provided ,
for an extension of the time 6f the old land
grant without any condition. The Comfaittee
on the Public Lands considered this question.
They attached to the bill the provision known
as the "settlers clfeuse," providing that thS
lands shall be sold to actual settlers at d price
not exceeding $2 50 per acre^ They required
certaifi guarantees, with & forfeitare of f 100,-
000, to Secure the baildihg of the road. It is
provided that forty miles shall be built each
year; alid if the road should not be built the
money is to be forfeited to the State of "Wis-
consin, If the conditions are not complied
with the land is to revert to the Government
and to be placed in market for homestead and
preemption entry.
I will state that the rt>ti(e df this road is
through a section of country in Wisconsin
where the land has been in the market a long
time, some of it as long as twenty years. Little
or none of this land is entered; Thgfe is no
population along the line of the route, but
merely at the termini and a very few miles
distant from the termini.
The committee have also provided for extend-
ing this grant to the navigable Waters of the
St. Croix river, a distance of about eighteen
miles in a straight line. Nearly all the land
through which the road will pass, in conse-
quence of this extension of the route, is settled,
the estimale of the Land Office being that only
eleven thousand acres remain open to entry.
Numerous petitions from settlers in Wisconsin
have been presented here by the llepresenta-
tives of the respective districts interested. I
suppose that to-day nearly every voter in that
district is petitioning in favor of this measure.
I ask to have read in connection with my re-
marks the substance of one of these petitions.
They are all alike: and the reading of this
petition should, I think, be a sufficient answer
to tlm charge that the settlers near the termini
of this route—the only part of the route where
settlement has extended—are opposed to this
measure.
The Clerk read as follows i
To the Honorable tlie Senate and House of Represent-
atives of tlie Umted States of America in Congress
assembled :
The undersigned, citizens of northwestern Wiscon-
sin, would respectfully but earnestly petition your
honorable body to renew and confirm to the State
ol Wisconsin the grant of lands made to said State
by acts of Congress approved June 3,1856, and May
5,1864, to aid in the construction of a railroad from
La kc St. Croix, in said State of Wisconsin, to the head
of Lake Superior and to Bayfield.
And we further represent to your honorable body
that the failure to complete said rood before the
expiration of the time limited in said acts has arisen
from no want of desire on the part of the citizens of
this section of the country, or of those controlling
the franchises of said road, to have the same built.
Neither has such failure resulted from any lack of
appreciation by the people of the great advantages
which would accrue from the building of said road,
not only to them but to the whole valley of the Mis-
sissippi; but rather from the political and financial
condition of the whole country during this period,
which has also checked all similar enterprises, except
such as lie in the path of andh.-ve been pushed for-
ward by the immense wave of emigration which has
been moving directly westward across the continent.
And your petitioners would represent that a very
large majority of the citizens of this section of Wis-
consin have been induced to make their homes here
chiefly by reason of their hope and confident expect-
ation that by the aid of said grant of lands said road
would soon be completed; and that the failure to
build said road, or its postponement for matiy years,
which would certainly result from the withholding
of these lands, wouid be a special loss and disad-
vantage of great moment, not to them alone, but to
the nation at large, by a failure to open the sh >rtest
and most feasible route from the navigable waters
of the Mississippi to those of Lake Superior, besides
leaving practically inaccessible vast quantities of
the most valuable agricultural, mineral, and timber
lands in the country; and this, too, when there is a
pressing demand for timber and lumber in the prairie
{States of the South and Southwest.
And we would further represent that the only
opposition to the renewal of said grant among, those
conversant with the wants and resources of this sec-
tion arises from the influeneeaudmisiepnsentations
of a very small number of persons who hope, if the
said lands are put immediately m market, to secure
for purposes of speculation the valuable pine lands
embraced in said grant.
And we would further represent that some oi your
