1870.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3581
picrccd by fix or seven ballets, one of them thrpugh
tho heart.
" As tlio law now i.i. any attempt to punish orim«
here when perpetrated by Mormon favoritesorthoso
mi \v in pa thy with Mormon leaders most fail and
brink tho Federal Gnvornmonti into contempt. At
present (iiQ Mormons chooso tho jurors, both grand
.>ih1 pot it, surround tho courts with ministerial
officers of tlioir own selection, and keep the control
of the prisons of tho Territory, though builtby Fed-
c'iil appropriations. Till theso and other similar
evils are rectified by proper congressional legislation
justice will bo helpless here."
lie v. William I . Wright, of Boston, who has
.<pont considerable time in Utah, recently
preached u sermon in the Berkeley street
church, in that city, upon the " Mormons;"
iiini I lake the following extract from the Bas-
ton Journal of March 10, 1870:
"I believe the evils of Mormonism have not been
exaggerated. I doubt if they can be. Most of
the men you meet in Salt Lake City would occupy
ill.- State prison in almost any other English-speak-
ing country; nod de"icrvedly so, for throughout the
Territory licentiousness has long oeuaed to hold a
p'aee in the calendar of crimes, and now takes tho
place of chastity in the eatalogueof virtue. Despot-
ism. tempered by assassination, has there been sub-
stituted for liberty. It is a part of the Mormon creed
that it is right to shod blood to prevent apostasy.
The. inevitable results of polygamy and despotism,
oi jrnlousv, suspicion, and fear, are stamped repul-
sively on every lineament of Mormon social life."
In April, 18(59, Brigham Young, being furi-
ous because General Grant, had appointed
anti-Mormons to the Federal offices in Utah,
preached a sermon to five thousand people,
denouncing the President, Congress, and the
Government in the roost brutal and indecent
manner. He said:
" Who goes into the White House in tb*se days?
A Rambler and a drunkard. And the Vice President
13 the same. And no man can get either office unless
he id a gambler o(r a drunkard or a thief. And who
goes to Congress? You may hunt clear through the
iSenate and tho House, and if yoa can find any tnen
that are not liars, thieves, whoremongers, gam-
bler*, and drunkards, I tell you fhey  ro mighty few,
for no other kind ef men can get in there."
Speaking of the officers appointed, he said:
"If any of these low-lived fellows give us any
trouble we will rise up and pat every one of them
right out of tho Territory. We will make them
leave; wo won't have such a d—d set among os." i
In the same harangue he said:
"And some of them have said to mo, 'How many
wives have you got.?' Why, brethren, I cannot
really say. I never trouble myself to think about
it. I've got a good many women one plaee or an-
other; 1 guess I have got a dozen or fifteen that I
take care of and support; and some day I will take
the trouble to count them all up, ao I can tell the
world ju. t how many I've not. 1 have ©no wife and
many woineB."
In conclusion he said :
"Now, I say for ajl the saints to stick together
and b  united, and all the d—d scalawags i  the
coun ry oan't hurt as. We defy them all I and we
ask no odds of tho Government."
] make these quotations from a report of his
tirade in the Daily Reporter, published at
Salt Lake City on the 10th of April, 1869.
There is much of this discourse too rnlgaraftd
profane for utterance here.
I have a vast amount of testimony in rela-
tion to the present state of affairs in Utah, all
corresponding with what I have given. Much
of the information is communicated to me in
confidence, and by men who dare not have
their names used for fear of assassination. I
have myself received many insulting letters,
and some threatening ones, since tny name
became connected with this subject.
The Mormon church govern ment, established
to carry out the most pernicious and damnable
teachings, is the most complete despotism on
earth. The mind of one man sets all the ma-
chinery in motion, and permeates the mass of
the people, and subjects them to his unrelenting
tyranny. Brigham Young reigns supreme in
church and State, in morals, and in all private
and social arrangements. He is king, priest,
lawgiver, and chief polygamist. If a law is to
be enacted he dictates the terms; if a jury is
to be impanneled he tells them what to do;
if a Gentile or "apostate" Mormon is to be
assassinated he gives the order. His mandates
are superior to all laws.
Ho does not work without pay. He takes
the surplus property.from his followers when
they come to the Territory, and thon annually
takes one tenth of their income in the shape
of " tithings." He has seized upon all the
principal ferries, and makes all travelers pay
enormous tolls. He has secured through his j
pliant legislatures many valleys for " herd j
grounds," and the wood and timber of many
hills and "cations." The timber in the
mountains for a great distance from Salt Lake
City has been granted to him, and the gate-
way to the same is through his premises, and
it is only by delivering to him every third load
as be shall order that the gates are opened for
any one to get wood or timber. The wheat
and'corn in many valleys, and the sheep and
cattle on many hills ase his. He owns houses
!! and lots and property of every description.
He has gold and silver in vast amounts. He
manufactures whisky and other vile compounds,
and drinks much. He manufactures fire-arms
, with which to fight the " Gentiles" and sell to
: the ''Indians." He sends his missionaries all
i over Europe and, over the United States to
make proselytes and to gather up money and
I; "women," His deluded followers believe him
11 a god, and yield him implicit obedience. The
organization known as1' D«nites'' or " Destroy-
ing Angels" stand ready to protect him and
execute his pleasure. I have before said that
he was one of the richest men on the earth.
I believe him to be one of the most wicked.
Armed with such tremendous power over a
deluded and ignorant people, he defiantly and
madly revels in robbery., murder, polygamy,
and incest, and tramples on all law and defies
the officers of the Government, executive and
judicial.
It is for thg purpose of establishing law and
order in that far-off Territory, of protecting the
innocent and punishing the guilty, of liberating
'the enslaved, and of putting down conspiracy
and treason, that this bill has been carefully
matured, and is now pressed upon your atten-
tion. It in no way interferes with religioug
liberty, properly so called, but it seeks to re-
press crime aud restore a great community to
moral health. The arm of the Government
should never be stretched forth to crush fanatics,
but the sword of justice must attack robbers,
murderers, polygamists, and conspirators. Men
may be devotees of error, but they have, no
right to be devotees of crime, even under a
pretended religious sanction.
If a religious sect should spring up in one
tf our Territories whose crqed required that
fty human beings should be crushed daily
beneath the wheels of Juggernaut, and in an-
other a sect requiring the casting of children
into-the yawning mouth of a red-hot idol, and
in another a sect that required that widows
should be bnrt-ied on the funeral piles with their
dead husbands, what would the good Christian
people of this country say and do'/ I appre
hend if laws could not be,passed and executed
to prevent such things the people would take
the matter into their own hands, in spite of the
cry of " religious liberty," and make an end
of it. None of these things would be more im-
moral or hardly less barbarous than polygamy.
Some gentlemen have asked me, what is to
become of the many wives of polygamists if
this bill passes aud is enforced? 1 have no
fears that their condition can be made v/orse
than it now is,'and others will be saved from
this degradation and slavery. The extracts ot
sermons of Brigham Young and others, which
I have already given, show that these women
are anxious to be freed from this barbarism
and their present miserable condition. Miss
Sarah E. Carmichael, now Mrs. Williamson,
who was reared at Salt Lake, says :
, "If I were ft man as I am a woman, I would stand
in the Halls of Congress and cry aloud for the miser-
able women Of TJtah till the world should hear and
know the wrongs and miseries of polygamy.'
A gentleman long acquainted with affairs in
Utah, iii A rfeeent letter advocating the passage
of this biil, say8 :
"In relation to tho effect of the proposed legisla-
tion upon the women hero, who nro second, third,
fourth, ifcc., wives. I am convinced upon the wholo
it will bo beneficial to them. As it now is, a largo
majority support themselves, and if theso unlawful
relations were broken up many of them would form
lawful marital relations with other men, because
there is a great preponderance of male population in
all tho Territories, and will continue to bo so for
some time to come. There is little danger even in
Utah of having an overstock of women who will
havo any trouble in obtaining lawful husbands. I
am positively certain the women here would require
no charity from Government, for they are self-sup-
porting already."
The same gentleman in speaking of Brigham
Young, says:
" He not only disobeys the law himself, but enjoins
it upon his deluded followers, as a religion* duty and
a command through him to them from Gud, to do
likewise. ]n the exercise of his absolute political
power the territorial Legislature is composed of bio
most subservient instruments. AUiisdictation every-
thing possible has been done by the Legislative to
control and render inoperative Federal authority.
The dominant party, while they constantly complain
of persecution, are themselves most prescriptive and
intolerant. To protect their doubtful institutions
against the inroads of opposition and apostaey,
secret inquisitions are formed which scruple not to
deal out death to the offenders.
"Federal authority is held in supreme contempt
by the leaders of tho church when it confliots with
ttieirnsiumiptions, and insubordination to all except
church authority is publicly talked in thetabcrnaeio
and ward meetings.
"Latter-Day Saints arc taught that they are not,
amenable to tho penalty of the law when Brj'rham
commands its violation. Color is given to thi< be-
lief because they havo been suffered for so long a
time to defy and trample on the laws of Congress
with impunity."
Again, he says:
" It is a fnvorito policy of tho Mormon authority
to threaten war and destruction when any positive
action is about to be taken toward enforcing the
laws. This succeeded in 18-37, and since then it is
the resort on all occasions, and will continue to be
so as long as a temporizing policy is pursued by the
Government. But let that policy which comports
with the dignity and honor of the nation in the en-
forcement of its laws be adopted; let, Congress pass
the legislation proposed; let no Federal officer re-
main here who will not fearlessly and promptly coop-
erate in the assertion of his authority, who will not
do his pimple duty, and tho conflict will soon end.
the virulent ulcer oil the body-politic h"re will
soon be removed, and that, too. without the shed-
ding of a single drop of blood. The cry of devasta-
tion and war which has been made here, and re-
echoed by members on the floor of the House and
others in Washington, is only intended tosenre Con-
gress. Let thero be such legislation as will enable
the officers of the Government here to strip Urighfiiu
of his pretentious claims of being above the law and
force hiin to yield submission to its supremacy, and
Utah will soon become loyal and its theocracy cease
to exist.
" Upon the other hand, however, if your bill should
fail, it will be regarded as a declaration by Congress
that the laws of Utah may continue to be disregarded
and trampled upon with impunity; that organized
crime may exist there, and that the theocracy of
Brigham may be perpetuated. After that event a
more open defiance and insubordination would exist,
and the moral influences now at work would by in-
timidation be destroyed. The very action of Con-
gress, like Buchanan's imbecile efforts in 1857, would
be boastingly quoted by Brigham and bis adherents
as an additional evidence of his infallibility and
power to defy the nation of which, according to an
accepted prophecy among the saints, he is at no dis-
tant day to become the ruler."
! I commend this last extract to gentlemen
who fear that war will grow out of the enforce-
ment of the law against polygamy and other
crimes in Utah. I have no fears of war; but
war or no war, I am in favor of enforcing the
' laws and of breaking up the vilest nest of
vipers on this continent.
The bill under consideration contains many
provisions, all calculated to enforce the laws
against polygamy and other crinies in Utah.
If enacted into law it will arm the courts with
authority and power to protect the good Ameri-
can citizen and punish the guilty perpetrators
of fraud and crime, and greatly aid in remov-
ing a barbarism which outrages the moral sense
of Christendom and disgraces the age and
nation in which we live.
I do not expect the passage of this bill will
at once and entirely remove the evils that,
afflict that Territory. Many of them are chronic
and deep-rooted, and bound about by a fierce
and desperate fanaticism. There will be diffi-
culty in enforcing any law that goes counter to
the Mormon policy or the will of Brigham
Young. But it will do good now, and will
