1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6^9
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
said city, each to receive such annual com-
pensation as shall be fixed by an act of the
corporation of Washington, and whose offices
shall be adjacent to that occupied by the mayor.
It shall be the duty of the auditor to audit all
accounts against tli« said corporation; to cer-
tify the same, when found correct, to the comp-
troller ; and to retain the originals of all con-
tracts made and orders given for all descrip-
tions of work or improvements by the corpor-
ation aforesaid. It shall be the duty of the
comptroller to keep an exact account of all
warrants issued in the manner hereinafter pro-
vided for, and of all taxes levied by the cor-
poration^, under their respective heads; to
countersign and keep an accurate record for
all receipts for taxes or other revenue of any
description whatever, given by the collector
and register, such receipts not to be valid unless
so countersigned, and to compare the same
daily with the books of said collector and regis-
ter. Each and every account against the cor-
poration of Washington, when audited and certi-
fied by the auditor, shall be paid by a warrant
of the comptroller, countersigned by the mayor;
and in no case shall payments be made in
any other manner than provided for in this
act. But no account shall be paid, by warrant
or otherwise, unless there is a fund to the credit
of that particular account. The money received
from any and all sources, for arid on account
of the corporation, shall, on the day of its
receipt, be deposited by the collector and regis-
ter to the credit of the city of Washington, in
such place as may be designated as a deposit-
ory for the funds of the corporation by an act
of the board of aldermen and board of com-
mon council, approved by the mayor; and
such depository shall, each day that deposits
are made, furnish a statement of the same to
the comptroller, to be by him filed in his office.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation of Washington shall have
power to issue certificates of indebtedness, not
to exceed in amount six hundred thousand dol-
lars, and to bear interest at the rate of seven
and three tenths per eenttim per annum, and
to be redeemable within three years from the
date of issue; the said certificates not to be
of a less denomination than fifty dollars, and
to be receivable for taxes due said corporation
to such amount yearly as said corporation may
designate by law, not, however, to exceed fifty
per centum of the amount due by any tax-
payer. And said certificates shall be used for
no [other] purpose than the payment of the
ascertained indebtedness of the corporation of
Washington to the sixth day of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall violate the provisions of this
act shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
in office, and be dismissed therefrom.
ArpnovED, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCXIII.—An Act to construe certain
Acts therein cited, in relation to Pensions.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That neither the act of
July twenty fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six," entitled "An act increasing the pensions
of widows and orphans, and for other pur-
poses," nor the act of July twenty-seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, entitled "An
act relating to pensions," shall be so construed
os to increase ihe amount directed to be paid
in any special act of Congress granting a pen-
sion : nor shall said acts be construed so as to
reduce the same whenever such act fixes defi-
nitely the amount of pension to which the per-
son therein named shall be entitled, in excess
of the rale fixed by general law for the rank
in respect to which such special pensions may
have been or may hereafter be granted.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall have the'effect to restore to the per-
sons affected hereby any sums heretofore with-
held from them by the construction herein-
before prohibited.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCXIV.—An Act to change the Times
of holding the Circuit and District Courts of
the United Slates in the Northern District
of Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, instead of the times
now fixed by law, the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the northern district
of Ohio shall hereafter be held as follows:
at Cleveland, Ohio, on the first Tuesdays in
the months of January, April, and October, in
each year; and all recognizances, indictments,
or other proceedings, civil and criminal, now
pending in either of said courts, shall bo entered
and have day in court, and be heard and tried
according to the times of holding said courts
as herein provided.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
Ciiap. CCXX1Y.—An Act to Incorporate the
United States Freehold Land and Emigra-
tion Company, and to confirm certain Legis-
lation in Colorado Territory.
Beit enactedby the Senateand House of llep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That William Gilpin, Am-
brose li. Burnside, S. L. M. Barlow, Charles
A. Lambard, William II. Reynolds, Hiram
Hitchcock, Henry W. Gray, Morton C. Fisher,
and such other persons as may be associated
with them and their successors, are hereby
created a body politic and corporate, in the
Territories of Colorado and New Mexico, by
the name, style, and title of the " United States
Freehold Land and Emigration Company,"
and by that name shall have succession, and
shall be able to sue and be sued, plead and be
impleaded, defend and be defended, in all
proper courts of law and equity, and may make
and have a common seal.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of the said corporation shall be
two and one half millions of dollars, divided
into shares of one hundred dollars each, and
the same shall be deemed to be personal prop-
erty and transferable on the books of the com-
pany only, and such capital stock may be in-
creased from time to time to the extent neces-
sary to carry out the objects for which said
company is formed, not exceeding in the whole
the sum often million dollars, upon a vote of
two thirds in amount of the stock for the time
being in favor of such increase.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
said company shall have power to make such
by-laws as it deems proper for the disposition
of its property and estate, and for the manage-
ment of its business and affairs,'for the regula-
tion of the term of office of its officers and their
duties, and to carry out the general objects of
the corporation, and the same to amend or
repeal at pleasure: Provided, That such by-
laws shall not conflictwitli any law of Ihe Uni-
ted States, or of the Territories of Colorado
and New Mexico, or the States which may be
formed therein.
Sec. i. And be it further enaded, That the
corporators named in this act shall be the
directors for the first year from the organiza-
tion of the coin pany, and until others are elected;
andthereafterannual elections of directors, not
less than five or more than nine in number,
shall be held by the stockholders, at meetings
to be called for that purpose, at which each
share of stock present in person or by proxy
shall be entitled to one vote, and the majority
thereof shall elect.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
general objects of such corporation are, and
are hereby declared to bo, as follows : to pro-
mote and encourage emigration to and estab-
lish settlements on the lands of said company
in the San Louis Park, in the Territories of
Colorado and New Mexico, and in connection
therewith, to establish such agencies as it may
deem desirable ; to purchase, hold, lease, sell,
and mortgage any real estate situate in the San
Louis Park in said Territories, or either of them,
now owned or contracted for by any of the per-
sons named in the flrstsection of this act, with
any co-tenant thereof, his or their heirs or
assigns; to survey, lay out, and improve the
same; to establish, maintain, and operate
wagon-roads to and upon its property ; to con-
struct and maintain a railroad and telegraph
line from any point on lands of said company
in the San LouisPark, to thenearest and most
practicable point on either the Kansas Pacific
railroad, the Union Pacific railroad, the Den-
ver Branch railroad, or the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa F6 railroad, and the said company,
for the purpose of building and operating such
railroad, shall have the right of way through
the public lauds of the United States from and
between the points aforesaid, the said right of
way being to the extent of two hundred feet
on each side of said railroad line; and such
corporation shall possess all the franchises
necessary to enable it to buildand operate such
railroad for the transportation of freight and
passengers, and to collect and receive compen-
sation therefor; and the powers, privileges,
and franchises conferred on corporations by
and under the provisions of chapter eighteen
of the revised statutes of Colorado, or of any
and all amendments thereto, are hereby con-
firmed to and invested in said corporation, sub-
ject to said statutes for the purposes of this
act: Provided, That this act shall not be con-
strued to permit said company to acquire title
to any other lands or real estate than such as
is above mentioned.
Sec. G. Andbe it further enacted, That such
corporation may make and dispose of its bonds
or other obligations in such amounts, at such
rates, and on such terms as it may deem most
for its interest, for the purpose of borrowing
money for the purposes aforesaid, and may
secure the same by a mortgage upon all or any
part of its property and all its franchises, and
may make the same and the interest thereon
payable at such place or places as it may deem
proper, and may hold and transfer such real
estate aforesaid and personal property as may
be necessary for the carrying out of its genera!
purposes, and may issue its stock and bonds
for property and again exchange its property
for its bonds or stock, and may convert any of
its obligations, at the option of the holders,
into stock of the company without further action
of the stockholders.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect immediately, and shall at
all times be subject to amendment or repeal
by Congress, and said corporation shall be sub-
ject to the general laws of said 'Territories, and
the States formed therein, operating upon all
corporations equally.
Approved, July 8, 1870.
Ciiap. CCXXY.—An Act to define the Duties
of Pension Agents, to prescribe the manner
of paying Pensions, and for other purposes.
Be it enaHcdbythc Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That within fifteen days
immediately preceding the fourth day of March,
June, September, and December in each year,
the several agents for the payment of pensions
shall prepare a quarterly voucher for each and
evtjry person whose pension is payable at his
agency, and transmit the same by mail, directed
