1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2637
such a committee would come before • each
branch of Congress for its deliberation and
independent action after the report should have
been made.
I do not see any objection that has weight
with me to the adoption of the proposition
made by the House, and I hope it may be
adopted. Personally I care nothing about it;
but it seems to me it is due to the Ho"use when
they ask for it that it should be granted.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, this is a
simple proposition to have a joint committee
of the two Houses investigate our Indian mat-
ters, with a view to a proposed change of policy.
The Senator from Kentucky yesterday offered
an amendment, to which I objected, that amend-
ment being a bill which passed the Senate the
other day, known as Senate bill No. 040.
After its passage I entered a motion to recon-
sider ; and I wish now to call the attention of
the Senate to this proposition, undoubtedly
made with the design of defeating this resolu-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will suggest that the merits of
that bill are not involved in the adoption of this
resolution in any way.
Mr. STEWART. In my estimation they
are, most- decidedly.
Mr. DAVIS. I return the compliment of
the Senator from Nevada. He called me to
order yesterday morning when I offered that
bill as an amendment 
Mr. STEWART. Make your point of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make my point of order.
It is that the Chair properly ruled that it was
not competent for that bill to be offered as an
amendment to this resolution; and now the
honorable Senator gets up 
Mr. STEWART. I object to being inter-
rupted except for a point of order.
■ Mr. DAVIS. I am stating my point of order.
It is this: that it is not competent for the hon-
orable Senator to debate the merits of that bill
now, which is not before the Senate at all.
Mr. STEWART. I think I was proceeding
in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide the question of order. The Senator
from Kentucky makes a point of order that the
Senator from Nevada cannot debate the merits
of some proposition in regard to Indian policy,
because yesterday the Chair ruled it out as an
amendment to this concurrent resolution. The
Chair is compelled to overrule that point of
order, and for this obvious reason: the con-
current resolution before the body not? pro-
poses the appointment of a joint committee, to
whom shall be referred the subject of the pro-
priety of a change or modification of the Indian
policy and system of governing the Indian
tribes. That certainly involves, by the strict-
est limits of parliamentary law, debate upon
any proposed change or modification of the
Indian policy or system of governing the Indian
tribes, for that is what is to be referred to the
committee. But because the Chair so decides,
he cannot be required to hold that the Indian
appropriation bill would be in order as an
amendment to the concurrent resolution, or
the bill which the Senator from Nevada holds
in his hand. It would not be in order to move
it as an amendment; but the subject of it is a
debatable subject, under the concurrent reso-
lution. •
Mr. DAVIS. I think, -Mr. President, that
my point of order is not exactly apprehended
by the Chair. It is this: the honorable Sen-
ator takes in his hand a bill which the Chair
excluded when I offered it as an amendment;
he is proceeding to read it, and to make com-
ments upon that bill as he reads it. Now, I
admit that the honorable Senator may intro-
duce any matter of argument he pleases, but
he cannot get Up and read that bill.
Mr. STEWART. Now, I rise to a point of
order, or rather I-stand to a point of order, for
I have remained standing some time. I object
to the further discussion of this question. The
Chair has made his ruling and I desire to pro-
c66(3
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Kentucky to make
another point of order, and the Chair must rule
on points of order as they are presented. The
Chair overrules the present point of order of
the Senator from Kentucky, and for this rea-
son : the scope of this concurrent resolution is
a broad one; it relates to a change or modifi-
cation of the Indian policy and system of gov-
erning the Indian tribes; and subject to the
rules of the Senate a Senator has the right to
debate that question pro or con. The Chair
will state a case in explanation of this. After
one o'clock the Georgia bill will be before the
body; as many amendments are now pending
to that bill as can be entertained under parlia-
mentary law; and yet there is no doubt that
the Senator from Kentucky could rise and
speak about an entirely different proposition
ou that Georgia bill, although it would not be
in order as an amendment under the rule. If
the Senator from Kentucky objects to the read-
ing of any papar, that question, under a differ-
ent rule of the Senate, must be submitted to
the Senate for its decision.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am not
surprised at the Senator from Kentucky. He
is desirous that this scheme should not be held
up to public scrutiny, the scheme contained in
this bill, No. 640. The Senator from Ken-
tucky is afraid to trust a committee of the two
Houses to investigate a question of Indian
policy which by universal consent, for the last
twenty-five years, has been reeking with cor-
ruption. The Senator from Kentucky does
not want that investigated by a committee; and
yet he is willing to put this whole policy in the
hands of five men with more than legislative
authority. He is willing to build up a concern
which, if it is corrupt, will be the most power-
ful machinery for evil that was ever inaugu-
rated in this Government'. While he does that,
while he is willing to trust some persons whom
he does not know, he is unwilling to trust ten
of the members of Congress, five from each
House, to investigate Indian affairs. Sir, it is
not remarkable that he should object to having
this plan discussed. Let us look at it for a
moment and see what it is. It provides—
That the President be, and lie is hereby, author-
ized and required after the passago of this act to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, five inspectors of Indian affairs, who, with
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs for the time being, shall constitute a
board, a majority of whom shall be a auorum to do
business. The Secretary of the Interior shall be the
president of the said board, which when duly organ-
ized shall elect a secretary. Thus constituted, it
.shall bo attached to theDepartment of the Interior.
Then the ninth section provides:
That the compensation of each of the five in-
spectors provided for in this act shall be the same
as that of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and
actual and necessary traveling expenses when in
the performance of their o flic ml duties; and the
salary of the secretary shall be $2,006 per annum.
Thus it will be seen that you are to have five
additional commissioners of Indian affairs,
with a roving commission, their expenses to
be paid. It starts in that way. That is the
organization. It will cost more than any De-
partment of the Government to run it. Their
traveling expenses, salaries, and other expenses
will amount to an enormous sum, to begin
with. There is no doubt about that. There
is no limit upon it. They are to judge of what
expenses are necessary. This roving commis-
sion is vested with unlimited power. Look at
the powers that are conferred upon five un-
known men, under the idea that ten members
of Congress cannot be found to investigate this
subject! Cannot the Vice President select five
Senators here honest enough to investigate this
matter? It seems to me that that is a very
strange proposition. I am sure if he should
appoint the Senator from Kentucky no one
would question that the thing would be done
honestly, so far as he was concerned. I am
sure the country would have confidence in him
to make this investigation, and I am sure there
are other Senators who could be appointed on
this committee in whom the country would have
confidence to makethe investigation, certainly
as much confidence as they would have in five
unknown men. But let us look a little further
at this scheme .-
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the said inspectors to supervise all ex-
penditures of money appropriated or used for tho
benefit of Indians in amitx with the United States,
and visit all such Indians as often as practicable, for
the purpose of examining theircondition, the quali-
fications and theoonduotofsuperintendents, agents,
employSs, and traders, or other persons residing or
being upon any reservation, or in the Indian coun-
try.
I call particular attention to the next clause:
It shall Jikewiso be the especial duty of said board
to inquire whether the intent of all existing treaties
and laws pertaining to such Indians are faithfully
executed, as also whether all laws of the United
States regulating trade and intercourse with the
Indians are observed, and report thereon to tho
President.
SRC. 3. And be it further enacted. That all nego-
tiations between the United States and any of said
Indians, for the purpose of the abrogation or modifi-
cation of existing treaties and contracts, shall bo
conducted by said board, or by some of its duiy
authorized members, under the direction of the
President of the United States.
It take3 away from the Secretary of thelnte-
riorand thePresident thenegotiationof treaties
and puts it in this outside roving commission.
They are to superintend all future contracts.
Out of those contracts in the past the evil has
grown. We cannot come before Congress for
an investigation. They inaugurate and they
make the contracts. They assign the reasons.
They have the money of the Government
for their traveling expenses, and so it goes
on placing in the power of these five men the
privilege of favoring railroad companies, of
making contracts which shall create monop-
olies, if they are bad men. It places in them
a power that you dare not trust to a commit-
tee even to investigate here. If they happen
to be good men, if such men as the Senator
from Kentucky are selected nobody would
doubt that the commission would carry out
the purposes of the bill; but I say the chances
are in this Indian business that, if not in the
first instance, soon a majority of this board
will be got composed of men who will have
schemes to carry out in the Territories, as they
always have. You remove the control of this
subject further from the President, further
from the Secretary of tho Interior, further
from men in responsible station, and place it
in a board that has power to commit more evil
and do more swindling, if it is disposed to do
it, and with less chances of detection, than any
board ever organized in this country. This
board is to be organized with regard to that
system which is draining your Treasury to the
tune of millions. If they desire to build up
monopolies, if they desire to steal Indian lands,
if they desire to do evil, there is no check upon
them. I say that the system, as it now exists,
of having the Secretary of the Interior and the
President to make treaties, if treaties are to
be made, which I am opposed to, is far prefer-
able to this scheme.
I am opposed to this scheme in toto, and
when the question comes up on the motion to
reconsider, which I have made, I propose to
discuss it at length.
Mr. POMEROY, Let ua vote on this reso-
lution now.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote to-day.
Mr. STEWART. It does not make any dif-
ference whether we vote to-day or not. If the
whole Indian policy is to come up on this res-
olution I want an investigation of the subject.
Whatever the two Houses agree upon, when
there is a fair understanding as to what shall
be the policy, and whateyer safeguards they
propose to throw around it, will satisfy me; but
nothing will satisfy eis until tli© subject ha.s
been fairly investigated by the two Houses of
Congress. If they think it is safe to trust this
bill,"if they think they can find men who will
execute it honestly, if they think it will not lead
