•382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
such a declaration as was mp.de a day or two
ago by that honorable Senator. It had hap-
pened that an unpretending military officer
and the Attorney General of the United States
were about the same time called upon to ex-
amine and express an opinion upon the same
question of law, of statutory, and, in a sense,
of constitutional law. They did each examine
it, and came to opposite conclusions; and now
the honorable Senator declares to the Senate
and to the country that in his opinion the mil-
itary officer was right and the Attorney Gen-
eral was wrong. This was no hasty or impet-
uous remark to which the Senator was borne
by the heady currents of debate. It was the
deliberate judgment of the honorable Senator.
I say this because on the 22d of December,
1869, he introduced a bill, porteutious in pre-
amble, imposing in recital, full of weighty
words, dwelling upon the precise point which
I am now discussing.
The bill proceeds in its preamble to affirm
in particular phrase that the true meaning of
these statutes was and is that the members of
the Legislature of Virginia were bound to take
the test-oath of 1862, and, without additional
premises, it culminates in a "therefore, for
the sake of peace and the protection of human
rights, be it enacted as follows." And enact-
ments are to correct the error and the wrong
of the omission of the members of the Legisla-
ture of Virginia, which consisted in adopting
and acting upon the law as expounded by the
Attorney General of the United States.
Mr. President, it is odd, all circumstances
and understandings considered, that it should
fall to me to make defense against the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts in behalf of
the Attorney General of the United States. 1
feel bound to say, however, that in the con-
clusion of the opinion in question I fully and
undoubtingly concur. Its reasoning is some-
what beyond my comprehension. If that be a
fault, however, it is a fault of its author in
common with many great and many illustrious
men. It was said of Edmund Burke that he
did not always adapt his style to the capacity
of his hearers; and so the Attorney General
has adopted a course of reasoning not I think
adapted to the capacity of ordinary readers.
I refer to that portion of the opinion upon
which the Senator from Michigan commented
on a recent occasion. That part of the reason-
ing which the Senator from Indiana adopted,
the part which refers for test and comparison
to section two of the same act, in order to de-
termine the interpretation to be given to sec-
tion nine, upon the point in question is plain
and cogent. I refer to the preceding reason-
ing when I confess my difficulty in compre-
hending it any better than the 'Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] found himself able
to do.
Virginia, then, having inquired of the Attor-
neyGeneral through the Department of War,
having been advised by him in an opinion the
conclusion of which was in accord with all the
authorities which had been consulted on the
subject, followed the example of all the other
States in omitting as a qualification of members
of the Legislature the administration of this
oath. Can it be in the face of these facts that
any Senator will plant himself upon the omis-
sion of the test-path as a ground or a plausible
excuse for refusing that recognition of Virginia
which was implied when we enacted these words:
" if the said constitution shall be declared by
Congress to be in conformity with the provisions
of the act to which this is supplementary and
the other provisions of said act shall have been
complied with and the said constitution shall
be approved by Congress, the said State shall
be declared entitled to representation, and Sen- ,
ators and Representatives shall be admitted j
therefrom as therein provided?" I
What is the next objection? That the officers
of the Legislature of Virginia were not sworn. !
I ask the Senate if any law, reconstruction or !
other, requires that ? But I take issue upon I
the fact. It was of the house that the honor-
able Senator from Kansas made this allega-
tion, if I understand him aright, not of the
qpyi ofp
Mr. POMEROY. Of both.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no speaker in
the senate.
Mr. POMEROY. The clerk of the senate
I referred to.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will find on
page 1 of the journal of the house this pro-
vision standing among the rules of the house
adopted for its organization and conduct:
"The oaths which the officers of the house are
required by law to take shall be administered and
certified by a justice of the peace or notary public,
to be filed witli the Clerk of the house."
I inquire of the Senator for the evidence that
this rule was not observed by the speaker and
the other officers. I have looked carefully
through the journal, and, subject to correction,
I venture to say that there is no evidence of
the fact.
M*. POMEROY. I will reply in a word, now,
by saying that it was the duty of those officers
to be sworn before the adoption of the rules or
before any business could have been legally
performed. That is my first answer. My
second is that I learn from one of the mem-
bers that they were not sworn. That of course
cannot appear in the record ; but it was evi-
dence to me personally, because a member
told me he was not sworn.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me inquire of the
Senator whether he has looked to see whether
the election of these officers or the adoption of
the rules was first?
Mr. POMEROY. I have.
Mr. CONKLING. Which way does the Sen-
ator find the fact to be ?
Mr. POMEROY. I find on page 7, speak-
ing of the senate 
Mr. CONKLING. I am speaking of the
house ; I will come to the Senate in a moment.
The honorable Senator will find that the rules
were adopted on the 6th day of October, 1869,
no business whatever having been done, except
that the Legislature had convened on the pre-
vious day, a prayer had been made, and the
roll had been called ; and afterward, if he will
turn to page 21 of the journal, he will find that
the house proceeded to the election of a speaker,
and after that to the election of a clerk, both
of which acts followed the adoption of this rule.
Therefore, I say first that there is no law known
to Congress which required these officers to be
sworn, and second, I say that there is no evi-
dence that they were not sworn ; but on the
contrary there is a well settled presumption of
law that they took the oath which the rule
prescribed.
Then the honorable Senator said—I am
reminded of it here—that the members of the
house, if I understood him, took all sorts of
oaths. I have looked to see, and the journal
shows that one hundred and twenty-eight mem-
bers of the house of delgeates appeared on
the first day, and that all of them save four
took either the oath prescribed by the consti-
tution itself or else a stronger and fuller oath.
Some of them took an oath very like the so-
called "iron-clad oath," as I understand it;
but they'all save four 
Mr. POMEROY. Seven.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I have counted thein carefully, and all
save four took the oath in the language pre-
scribed by the constitution, or else an oath in
still stronger language.
Now as to the senate: the lieutenant gov-
ernor presided there. There can have been
no question as to his having been sworn, no
question as to the president of the senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not say anything
about the lieutenant governor.
Mr. CONKLING. No; but the Senator said
that his remark referred to both houses.
Mr. POMEROY. The clerk of the senate,
I said.
Mr. CONKLING. Now as to the clerk of
the senate and as to the oaths of the senators.
I say that every senator but one took the oath
required by the constitution of Virginia or a
stronger and fuller oath, and so the Senator
will see if he will look at the journal and at
page 9 of the constitution.
Mr. POMEROY. I said nothing about the
members of the senate.
Mr. CONKLING. On the first day of the
session the Governor transmitted the opinion
of the Attorney General to which I have re-
ferred, instructing them that they need take no
oath except the one prescribed by the consti-
tution.
It is said, again, that this election was unfair.
I will not stop to argue that. I think it is not
insisted upon seriously. It is disposed of, I
think, by the fact that there is no proof of the
unfairness of the election, that an investigation
has been held and proof has been found to the
contrary, and that the returns themselves show
a vote so full, and so full relatively as between
whites and blacks, that the door is not open
for such an allegation.
Is there any ground remaining upon which
we can refuse recognition to this State? But
one has been assigned; it is that the exclusion
of the fourteenth amendment was not or may
not have been regarded. Is there any proof
in fact that such was the case ? I have heard
of none. The journals of the two houses show
many studied objections to members in respect
of their qualification. An attempt was made
in both houses to exact the test-oath. It was
repeated. Protests were introduced ; but no-
where appears a suggestion that any member
was there whom the fourteenth amendment
excluded. I say, therefore, in point of fact
the presumption is entirely against its exist-
ence, and my information also is against it
also.
In the case of Georgia this question was made
in the Legislature; and we found, as matter of
fact and history, that it was treated with eva-
sion ; that the objection was justly made, and
that a fair investigation of it was avoided and
refused. _ But no question was made in the ease
of Virginia.
It is said, however, that if we have reason to
suspect that men sat in the Legislature who
were excluded by the fourteenth amendment
we may observe the fact and entertain the ques-
tion now. It seems to me not. Suppose per-
sons sat who were minors, or felons, or women,
no question being made ; they were disqualified
no doubt, but could we investigate the question
now as a ground of admission or exclusion?
Could we invalidate the legislation which had
been consummated because in point of fact it
turned out that three minors and two felons,
who had been convicted, sat undiscovered in
the Legislature ?
It is said, however, that section seven of the
act of April, 1869, reserves this question.
STEWART. "Will the Senator from
New York allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I am informed that Gen-
eral Canby examined this question of eligibil-
ity under the fourteenth amendment before he
gave certificates, and that two members who
it was said had been elected and disqualified
have not received certificates and have not
been in the Legislature at all. He decided
that they were not entitled to certificates ; but
they ran in^ ignorance of the fact that they
would be disqualified. On investigation he
was satisfied they were. He investigated all
cases and gave no certificates where there was
disqualification. That is the statement I have
received.
Mr. CONKLING. That statement displaces
the fact; but for the sake of the argument I
assume the fact, and then I am unable to see
how at this time we can investigate it or appro-
priate it to any use here. The course of the
debate seems to have admitted that such a fact
would be beyond our view but for the circuin-
