5470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
petitioners have- heretofore signed a remonstrance
against the renewal ol said grant, and a petition ask-
ing that said lands be put into market, under a mis-
apprehension of the facts, having been induced to
believe by theaforesaidspeculatorsin pinelands that
there was no further hope of said road ever being
bunt. Your petitioners are, however, at the present
timetnorougbly convinced that the corporationsnow
controlling the franchises of this road are not only
abundantly able, but that they honestly intend (if
the prayer of your petitioners should be granted) to
build said road with as tittle delay as possible.
And to this end your petitioners would ask that
said grant berenewedupon such conditions and with
such restrictions as shall compel the said corporations
to build and equip a reasonable amount of said rail-
road each and every year until the same shall be
completed.
Mr. ELA. Will the gentleman from Minne-
sota allow uie to ask him a question ? I see
that these petitioners state that the present
holders of this corporation are sufficiently and
abundantly able to build this road. Will the
gentleman state who those persons are who are
able to do it, so that we may have some assur-
ance for the future?
_ Mr. WASHBURN, ofWisconsin. These peti-
tioners are the settlers in that country.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yield now
to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELA. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
answer the question.
Mr. ELA. You cannot answer the ques-
tion until I have had permission to ask it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota has the floor, and he will state to whom
he yields.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, it is within the recollection of many
members of the House that at the March ses-
sion of 1869 this bill passed the Senate. It
came in here and went to the Speaker's table.
When it went to the Speaker's table I asked
that it might be passed, and made a short ex-
planation of it. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands [Mr. Julian] op-
posed it, and suggested that it should be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, in order
that they might examine it, stating that it was
/ an improper way to legislate to take up and
pass bills from the Speaker's table without any
reference. Thejudgment of the House was that
it should go to the Committee on the Public
Lands. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] has since taken pains to inform him-
self fully in regard to this question. He has
-visited that section of the country, and he is
satisfied that this grant ought to be renewed.
The interest of the people of that district—and
I will say that this grant is entirely in my dis-
trict—and the interest of the Government will
be promoted by its renewal.
I will state further a reason which to my
mind should weigh with my friend from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] who, I am glad to see,
is on the watch in reference to the legislation
now pending, and I say to him when he finds
any measure which does not commend itself
to his judgment I hope he will oppose it. I
think when he comes to understand the fact I
am about to state he will go with me for this
measure. Of the alternate sections of land
reserved by the Government along the line of
this road thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands of acres have been sold at $2 50 an acre
under the expectation that a railroad would
run through those lands. If, then, you refuse
to extend that grant to this road they will have
a just claim to have refunded to them at least
$1 25 on each acre.
This bill has been carefully considered, and
every possible restriction put upon it in order
to secure an honest administration of the grant.
The original grant was from Portage, in the
State of Wisconsin, to Lake St. Croix, and
thence to Lake Superior. That portion of it
between Portage and Lake St. Croix is nearly
complete : within the next twelve months there
will be pearly one hundred and fifty miles com-
pleted to the city of Hudson. And this is merely
extending the time for the completion of the
road from St. Croix to Lake Superior.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. How much land
is there granted ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
something less than a million acres.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Is this quite
honest, or is it another case of Goat Island ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I assure
the gentleman that this is a case which he may
safely vote for and feel assured that he is voting
for an honest bill. If he voted for Goat Island,
I leave him in the hands of his constituents.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to put a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I shall
have pleasure in answering it.
_ Mr. VAN WYCK. Has not this grant ex-
pired, and if the grant is given now is there
any difference oetween this and giving a new
grant to a new company ? This grant was first
made fourteen years ago 
_ Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have not
yielded to the gentleman from New York to
make a speech.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
answer the question which the gentleman puts
to me with the greatest possible pleasure. I
state in reply to the question, as I stated be-
fore, that this is a resewal of the gralit. It is
not an original grant, and the Government has
already sold a large amount of the reserved
sections for $2 50 an acre. But I will not
detain the House in further explanation of a
bill that nearly all concede ought to pass, and
I hope that the previous question may be sec-
onded before the morning hour expires.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I desire to
ask the chairman of the committee whether he
did not, with the view of finding out what set-
tlers desired, go to Wisconsin ? And I desire
to ask him what was the result of that visit so
far as his impressions in regard to this bill are
concerned?
Mr. WELKER. I ask that the memorial
may be read.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I do notyield
to the gentleman for that purpose. To read the
memorial might take all day. I yield to the
chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands [Mr. Julian] for five minutes.
Mr. J ULIAN. When this bill was before
the House last spring a year ago I opposed its
passage very earnestly and asked its reference
to the proper committee. The bill had an ugly
history behind it, and in the haste of legisla-
tion during the closing hours of the session I
was unwilling to vote for it without reference
and pioper examination. It was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands. Since
that time I have personally visited a portion
of the locality interested in the grant, and I
stand corrected as to some material facts that
governed my action at that time. I found the
settlers, so far as I could learn, anxious to
have the road built. I believe, too, that now,
under the new auspices which will attend this
enterprise, the road will be built. It will go
into the hands of energetic men who mean to
push it, and I believe will prosecute it with no
unnecessary delay. The road, I believe, is
greatly needed.
1 ought to say, however, in justice to myself
and in reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Washburn, ] that I am not perfectly satis-
fied with this measure as it is. If the proviso
saving the lands along the line of the road for
settlers were made to include the timbered
lands as well as other Ifinds it would come
within the rule which this House has repeatedly
sanctioned in these grants. The committee, i
however—a decided majority of it—-thought !
that owing to the peculiar character and situa- I
Hon ot the timbered lands we ought not to j
apply those conditions to them. On that I j
differed from the committee, and on the ground j
of this difference I voted against the bill in the l
form now reported to the House. I think all
the lands along the line of the road save min-
eral lands should be subjected to the beneficent
operation of the rule which dedicates them, in
small homesteads, to actual settlers. The build-
ing of a road, and the settlement of the country
along the line of it are mutual helps to each
other; and I cannot support any proposition
which loses sight of this principle, and thus
favors the monopoly of the public domain.
Mr. ELA. Will the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] allow me to ask him one question
before he sits down?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have only
time to move the previous question, and can-
not yield further.
Mr. ELA. I wish to ask the gentleman how
much of the road he visited when up there.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move the
previous question.
Mr. ELA. I hope the House will not second
the previous question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Minnesota whether it is fair that the
friends of thebill should have occupied all this
time, and that not a moment should be allowed
to be occupied by its opponents?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. You will have
time enough after the previous question is
seconded.
Mr. ELA. Will the gentleman allow an
amendment to the bill?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table ; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not quite yet.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. Will not the morning hour ex-
pire before the taking of the yeas and nays, on
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana, can
be completed?
The SPEAKER. It will.
_ Mr. CESSNA. Then I submit that, in press-
mg also a motion to adjourn, gentlemen are
only destroying the time of the House, which
must be for some other purpose.
Mr. BURR. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Ihe question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 76, nays 104, not voting
50 ; as follows:
. YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Beatty,Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Benton. Biggs, Bird, George M.
Brooks, Buttinton, Bun-, Beujaimn P. Butier, Coke,
Churchill, Cleveland, Connor, Cook. Cowles. Davis
Dawes, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon. Donley, Eklridge!
lerriss, Fisher, Uilfillan, (iriMvold, llaight,
Haldeman Hamill llnwtey, Uny, II.>nv, Holman
J encites, ihornas L. Jones. Kclley. Kellogg, Kerr
]^l>ltri I . • 1 w r or* no T n . „l ,. .. 1 r '
inapp. Lawrence, Lynch, McCarthy, IJercur, Mor-
•an, Morpms, Niblack, Poland, Potter, RaibJaU
Schumuker, Seofield, Por-
ter Sheldon, Sioeum, Wurthingtim Stc-
uff,ini'r banner. Taylor, Towiipcmd,
liimble, Iwichell, \an irumn, Van Vnm-
hces.WiUard, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—76
jNAlb—idessrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, A~'i>er At-
v. -  .Sidney Clarke. Clinton L. Cobb, Co-
bum, Conger Covode, Crabs, Cullom, Darrall De e-
a' 3'ai'n,SiWorth' Purry' Finkelnburs,
II. #aWW, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hawkins
Hays Hooper, Ingereoll, Johnson, Judd, JuliaS
Ketoham, Knott, Lash, Lewis, Lo an Vir«h3l'
Manes, Lhalmn II. Moore, Je>se H. Moore William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers Neelov' O'NVi'l
Orth Packard. Packer, frai^ Peters.' PheT„ '
Piatt, Pomeroy, Prosser, Il:ce, Roots Sa-ra-ent Siw'
a&V Joseph S.
   ,, no.ivuuj,    liiium .d.
Wifkir cA«' w'n t) Wheeler, Whitmoro,
VU kmson, Wilhanib, Eugene M. Wilson John T
V-^*kand Votchei—10-1. ' J*
Beimin Adams, Arnoll. Bailey,
AmSnhh ? Bovven. James Brooks Buokley,
Cobb, Cos, DocKery, Box, Dyer, I'ox, Oibson,
