1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4527
Petition of Margaret II. Judd, Wilmington,
Delaware, praying for a pension ;
Petition of Rufus Campion, of Missouri, ask-
ing for a pension ;
Petition of Gabriel Neise, for increase of
pension ;
Petition of Mrs. Mary A. Lord, for increase
of pension ;
Petition of Caroline E. Burdett;
Petition for a pension of Helen A. M. Ed-
wards, widow of Dr. Alfred Taylor, surgeon
eighty-ninth regiment Ohio volunteer infantry;
Petition of Margaret Gannon, for a pension ;
and
Petition of Sarah Whiting, for a pension.
ELI WIIITTEN.
Mr. SWEENEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the petition of Eli Whit-
ten for a pension, and moved that the consid-
eration of the same be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
Mr. SWEENEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the petition of John S.
Kountz and five other crippled soldiers, of
Toledo, Ohio, in relation to the furnishing of
disabled soldiers with artificial limbs, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
URIAH HULL.
Mr. SWEENEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the bill (EL R. No. 1225)
t,o grant a pension to Uriah Hull, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. CATHARINE BENDER.
Mr. SWEENEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2219) reviv-
ing the pension of Mrs. Catharine Bender;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the pen-
sion heretofore granted by the Department of
the Interior to Mrs. Catharine Eaton, and
which ceased upon her marriage with one John
Bender, be revived to Mrs. Catharine Bender,
of Blair county, Pennsylvania.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SWEENEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and^ also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY CUNNINGHAM.
Mr. SWEENEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 2220)
granting a pension to Mary Cunningham; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Mary Cun-
ningham, mother of John B. Cunningham,
late a private of company F twenty-eighth
Kentucky volunteers, from and after the 22d
of January, 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SWEENEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JESSE AND MAItY A. DAVIS.
Mr. SWEENEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 2221) grant-
ing a pension to Jesse and Mary A. Davis;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of Jesse and
Mary Alice Davis, minor childreu of William
Davis, late a seaman on the flag-ship Autocrat,
of. the Mississippi marine brigade, and to pay
their legally appointed guardian their pensions
from and after the passage of this act, and until
they shall have attained the age of sixteen
years.
Mr. HOLMAN. I notice that no rate of
pension is fixed by this act.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Where a bill states, as
this does, the rank or service of the party on
whose account the pension is granted, that
fixes the rate, in accordance with the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, subject to
the biennial examination, in case of pension
for disability, that must be made under the
pension laws. If the widow of a soldier is
pensioned and the rank of that soldier is stated
in the act granting the pension, that fixes the
rate of the pension to be allowed.
Mr. BENTON. There is a good reason why
the bill should be drawn in the form in which
it is drawn. The general form of these bills is
that the name of the party shall be placed on
the pension-roll, " subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws." Now,
there may be a pension granted for a partial
disability, at the rate of four dollars per month.
The next year the pension might be for half
that amount, on account of the disability hav-
ing been partially removed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Should the rate of pen-
sion be fixed arbitrarily by the bill for a dis-
ability, and then the party should recover from
that disability, the pension would still go on.
But where it is made subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws it will be
like other pensions.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SWEENEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES II. BUNCE.
Mr. SWEENEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same be passed, a bill (S. No. 537) for
the relief of James H. Bunce._
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll the name of James H. Bunce, late captain
oftheUnitedStates tow-boatNich. W. Hughes,
who lost his left leg in the United States ser-
vice gii the 10th of April, 18G5, at the rate of
seventeen dollars per month from April 16,
18G5.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed. .
Mr. SWEENEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAGGIE B. MILLER.
Mr. SWEENEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 2222) grant-
ing a pension to Maggie B. Miller; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time. 1
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre:
tary of the Interior to place on the pen^iou-
roli, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Maggie,B.
Miller, widow of David R. Miller, late a cap-
tain in the fifty-first regiment of United States
colored infantry, at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, from and after the passage of this
act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SWEENEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARGARET L. BYBEE.
Mr. SWEENEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (Id. R. No. 2223) restor-
ing the name of Margaret L. Bybee to the pen-
sion-roll ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to restore,to the pension-roll
the name of Margaret L. Bybee, and to pay
her, from and after the passage of this act, dur-
ing her widowhood, a pension at the same rate
as was paid to her previous to her name being
struck from the rolls.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire that the House
shall understandtlie nature of this bill; and-——
Mr. SWEENEY. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman at present. I propose, in the first place,
to offer an amendment, then to call for the
reading of the report, and to follow that with
a thorough explanation of the question involved.
I move to amend by striking out the words
"from and after the passage of this act, during
her widowhood," and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "from and after the time payment
has been suspended and during her widow-
hood." I ask that the report be read.
The report was read. It states that from the
proofs in the case it appears that Margaret L.
Bybee is seventy-five years of age; that she
received a pension under the acts of February
3, 1853, and June 3, 1858, and drew it until
1861, when her name was dropped from the
rolls under the act of February 4, 1862. She
is the daughter of John Adair, a revolutionary
soldier, afterward Governor of the State of
Kentucky, and was pensioned as the widow of
Colonel W. P. Anderson, a soldier of the war
of 1812, who died of wounds received in that
war. During the rebellion she resided at Mem-
phis, Tennessee, and, as the report states, con-
ducted herself in a manner entirely to the sat-
isfaction of the military authorities of the Uni-
ted States, though she sympathized with her
section and kindred, on which account she
could not take so much of the oath prescribed
by the Secretary of the Interior as would re-
quire her to swear that she did not manifest
sympathy with the cause of the rebellion, but,
on the contrary, did, during the rebellion,
desire ita suppression by force of arms. On
this ground her claim to be restored to the pen-
sion-rolls has been rejected by the Pension
Bureau. The report further states that, not-
withstanding her sympathy with her section and
kindred, she was obedient to the laws of the
United States, doing no act which they forbade,
and in no sense aiding or participating in the
rebellion. This she swears, and also that she
was loyal to the Government. The consider-
ation on which her pension was granted still
continues; and it appeared to the committee
that her pension should do the same. Her act
did not procure the pension; no act of hers
could, perhaps, forfeit it; and at any rate she
has done nothing which in any sense can justify
the forfeiture. Her sympathies, under the cir-
cumstances, were natural, and not, in the opin-
ion of the committee^ so sinful &s to demand si
punishment th^-t reaches to the grave oi her
