1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2639
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
Provided, That to constitute a majority of said
committee a majority of the members chosen from
each House shall bo necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the concurrent resolution, as amended,
winch will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as amend-
ed, as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That a joint special committee, to
consist of ten members, five from the Senate and
live trom the House, be appointed, to whom shall be
r r t i ® Propriety of a change or modification
or tno Indian policy and system of governing the
Indian tribes; and said committee shall not continue
beyond the present session: Provided, That to con-
stitute a majority of said committee a majority of
the members chosen from eachHouseshallbe neces-
sary.
Mr. THURMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 28; as follows :
_ YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Buck-
ingham, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Lewis, McDon-
t  ' P®horn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Bamsey,
iievels, Ross, Stewart. Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Inimbull, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
i\ AYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Casserly, Chandler, Davie, Drake. Edmunds, Eerry,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Howard, Johnston,
Kellogg, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Norton, Nye, Pratt. Schurz, geott,
Stockton, Thurman, Vickers, Warner, and Wil-
ley—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Conklmg, Fowler, Gilbert, Howe, Howell, l-tice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,
ana Sprague—15.
So the resolution, as amended, was con-
curred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 245) making an appropriation to
defray the expenses of the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor incurred in pursuance of
investigation ordered by the House of Repre-
sentatives ; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
state ob georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Georgia bil|
is before the Senate, and the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Norton] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion before he proceeds? I
suggest that we fix to-morrow at four o'clock
to begin voting on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to that?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; I object.
, Mr. POMEROY. Let me suggest Friday.
I think we can all agree to vote by Friday at
four o'clock.
Mr. DBAKE. No, sir.
Mr. WILSON. . I then move that we have
an evening session this evening at seven and
a half o'clock for the purpose of trying to do
some business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
the consent of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to explain why I
make this objection in a few words. I do
not think that in the history of all our legislation
within the past ten years a more important
question has been up than is involved in this
bill, and I think that it ought to have the
fullest and freest discussion. The country will
lose nothing if we take two weeks to discuss
it to the bottom.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to make a
motion to meet at seven and a half o'clock
this eyening ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, as the
Chair is advised, by the usage of the Senate.
It is nit included in the motions in the elev-
enth rule which are in order when a subject is
under debate.
By unanimous consent
Mr. POMEROY.
it can be done.
Mr. WILSON. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent that we meet this evening.
Mr. McCREERY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that the Senator from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
[Mr. Sherman,] stated some time-since'on the
floor that previous occupants of this chair had
entertained motions from him, with the assent
of the Senate, to postpone the consideration
of the business before the Senate to permit a
motion for a recess to be made. The Chair
does not find it in the rule. If it is the pleas-
ure of the Senate, the Chair will entertain the
motion, but he must construe the rules accord-
ing to their _text. [" That is right."] This
motion requires unanimous consent.
Mr. WILSON. I hope Senators will agree
to it. Wis are very much behind, and the im-
pression is all over the country that Congress
is almost an imbecile body. We are doing but
very little. We have talked days on this sub-
ject, and it does seem to me that we ought to
try and hold meetings in the evening until we
settle it, or else fix a time to settle it at an
early hour.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us cease talking so
much, and then we can do our business in the
day time without having any occasion for night
sessions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
advised that the motion for a recess can be
made legitimately during the morning hour of
any day when there is nothing else before the
Senate; that is, in the interval between one
subject and another, under the head of "reso-
lutions," forinstance. It certainly would come
in under the head of resolutions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask permission to make
a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive the report if there be no objection.
senator from florida.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the petition of Ossian B. Hart, claim-
ing a seat in the Senate from the State of
Florida, to make a report, accompanied by the
following resolution:
Resolved, That Abijah Gilbert was duly elected to
the Senate from the State of Florida for the term
commencing the 4th of March, 1869, and is entitled
to hold his seat as such.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say in regard
to that report that the case was considered at
a meeting of the J udiciary Committee when I
was unavoidably absent, and therefore I am
not advised of the grounds upon which the
report is made. I have not been able to invest-
igate the subject, and I do not know whether
I should have concurred in or disagreed to the
report if I had been present at the investiga-
tion.
The report was ordered to be printed.
state of georgia.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the Unitod
States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Williams, which was to
strike out all between the word " officer," in
the twelfth line, and the word provided," in
the eighteenth line, and insert:
Provided further. That the next election for mem-
bers of the General Assembly of said State shall be
held on tho Tuesday after thefirst Monday of Novem- ;
ber, A. D. 187-, and the last clause of the second ;
subdivision ot the f> section of the third article
of said constitution, in the following words, "Tho
Geueial Assembly may, by law, change the time of
election, and the members shall hold until their suc-
cessors ore elected and qualified." shall never bo by
any Legislature exereised so as to extend the tenu
of any offico beyond the regular period named in the
said constitution ; and the said General Assembly
shall, by joint resolution, consent to this proviso as
a fundamentil condition before this act shall take
effect.
Mr. NORTON. If I understand the Chair
as to the question of the order of business, if
I yield the floor the Senater from Massachu-
setts may make his motion for a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Georgia
bul will still be before the Senate, and the
motion would, therefore, be subject to objec-
tion. It is only during the morning hour, when
there is no other business pending, that it can
be made as a matter of right.
Mr. NORTON. If there is no objection I
will give the floor to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to allow him to make that motion.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. It would not be
in order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. The Georgia bill may be
laid on the table for the purpose of making
that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It could be laid
on the table and resumed again after the
motion was made.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is the wish of tKe
Senate 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall go on
with this bill, and spend no more time in talk-
ing about an evening session.
Mr. POMEROY. Well, let it go until to-
morrow, and then we can have an evening
session.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, yesterday
evening I replied, as occurred to me proper at
the moment, to some things that the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] had suggested in
the speech that he made on this subject. There
were other things suggested by his speech that
I might well then have replied to, and I prob-
ably should have done so then better than now.
But there is one other thing, one particular,
special thing that I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to, and that is the question of
precedents. Senators make their arguments
here in favor of this Georgia bill or against it,
and they make their arguments against the
Bingham amendment or for it, for the purpose
of convincing their fellow-Senators that they
should preserve their consistency, and espe-
cially those who argue against the Bingham
amendment contend that the precedents do not
authorize what is proposed to be done by that
provision.
Mr. President, I cannot better commence
what I have to say than by reading from a
document which is very seldom read here, but
which yet has been so recently referred to by
the President of the Uuited States in a message
sent to us that it may be regarded as a docu-
ment which ought to have some weight with the
Congress of the United States—Washington's
Farewell Address. While I shall not expect
that what I may read from that document will
have the same influence that it would have
coming from the President of the U nited States,
I should still hope that it would not be utterly
and entirely disregarded.
Arguments are made against the Bingham
amendment and in favor of fundamental con-
ditions, as though precedents should establish
and settle and determine our action. Let me
read the language of Washington in his Fare-
well Address, without by doing so committing
myself to the legitimacy or propriety of the
President of the United States reminding the
Congress of the United States what that docu-
ment contained, because the President in his
message sent to us quoted from that address as
though it was the opinion of Washington given
to Congress, when it was. not; it was to the
people of the United States that that address
was given. In it Washington says:
" If, in the opinion of the people, the distribution
or modification of the constitutional powers be m any
particular wrong, let it be corrected by an amend-
ment in the way which the Constitution designates.
But let there be no change by usurpation; for though
this, in one instance, may be theinstmmentof good,
it is tho customary weapon by which tree govern-
ments aro destroyed. Tho precedent must always
greatly overbalance, in permanent evil, any partial
or transient benefit which tho use can, at any time,
yield." «
And so, sir, whatever benefits may be derived
