1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3583
To this wo reply, that daring the war onr iron
manufacturers did realiieouormous profits, and with j
a selfishness by no means commendable launched ,
them entire into their own coffers, avoiding success-
fully a fair distribution with tlio labor that produced 1
the article sold: but we bes leave to remind you that
inthisgreatreseryeof liberty laborintbeiron-works
i.« daily Browing in intelligence, demanding and re-
ceiving to a greater extent to-day their proportionate
share of the profits derived from the manufactured
article than ever beforo in this country.
The laborer ten years ago, in point of intelligence,
dignity, and uianbood, cannot possibly bo compared
with the labor of to-day.
The preservation of that dijmity, the source from
which that intelligence is deiived, can only be main-
tained l>y our ability to work, and the remuneration
wc leeeivo tliercfor.
Strike at the iron interest of the country by a re-
duction of tho duties upon tho foreign article, thus
mincing the price and consequently our wages, and
you strike at tho comforts ot our firesides, cripple
our energies, and dwarf an ambition to elevate our
posterity to tho highest plane of American citiicn-
ship.
'io forever bo ' hewers of wood and drawers of
water" is a condition foreign to every prcceptin the
history of our country and i-s people, aud doubtless
there axo many who are toiling to-day in our iron-
Manufacturing establishments, aspiring, by their
meager savings, derived by no means from overpaid
wages, to be some day not only workors, but part
owners in establishments yet to be built.
If tho business be not protected from excessive
foreign competition their aspirations can nover be
realiied. Protect, theu, that interest, and you create
an incentive that will bo conducive to tho erection
of iron-works throughout our entire country, thus
opening up new avenues for the toiling and down-
trodden uiUlions of the earth, creating a prosperity
here the influence of whieh will ramify favorably
throughout every descriptive interest. When we are
reminded of the fact that but a few years ago, when
the issue involved was one of free and slave labor,
how emphatic the free labor of this land declared,
through the ballot-box, that tho soil of our free
Territories should not be blighted by the damning
influences of slave labor, and how nobly that prin-
ciple was defended by tho arm of free labor upon
the bloody fields of the late war, wo feel justified
in pleading in the interests, and in behalf of at least
a large portion of that labor.
We plead not in the interests of our employer ex-
clusively, but in the combined interests of employer
and employed. Wc knowifheis unable to success-
fully run his works we cannot rcccive employment,
and without employment at our usual vocations we
will bo compelled to seek new ones, spheres to which
we probably would not be adapted, thus proving det-
rimental not only to us, but possibly to others also.
We pray, then, that you do not decrease the present
duties on iron, and in our prayer we desire more es-
pecially to appeal to the representatives of the great
party that has been so instrumental in wiping out
human bondage and elevating all labor to a free and
common level, and that now, when the cloud of war
has disappeared, leaving our country once more united
and in peace, you exert yourselves with all the en-
nobling characteristics of statesmen in preserving
the dignity and comfort of that labor, and through
your wisdom such laws will be enacted as will tend
to enhance its prosperity.
M. S. HUMPHRYS.
DAVID HARRIS,
J. D. EVANS.
B. A. McGINTY.
Committee.
Washington Citt, D. C., May 14,1870.
BUILDINGS RENTED BY THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, from
the select Committee on Retrenchment, sub-
mitted a report showing the number of private
buildings rented by the Government in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and the purposes for which
they are occupied and the annual rent paid ;
which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
CHANGS OT HOUR OF MEETIKG.
Mr, DAWES. I ask unanimous consent that
hereafter, until otherwise ordered, the hour of
meeting of the House shall be at eleven o'clock
a. m.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts cannot be made until
Monday next.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have nonobjection todevot-
ing every hour of our time to the public busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
AMENDMENT OF HOMESTEAD LAW.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce and put on its passage a bill
(H. R. No. 20-32) to amend the homestead acts.
There was no objection.
The bill was read a first aud second time.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am sure there can be
no objection to this bill if it be understood. It
meets with the approval of the chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that every private soldier and officer who
has served in the Army- of the United States
during the rebellion, for ninety days, and re-
mained loyal to the Government, and every ;
seaman, marine, and officer, or other person
who has served in the Navy of the United I
States, or iu the Marine corps or revenue ma- i
rine, during the rebellion, for ninety days, and ;
remained loyal to the Government, shall, with-
out the payment of any fee or commission to
any register or receiver of any land office, be
entitled to enter one quarter section of land,
not mineral, of the alternate reserved sections
of public lands along the lines of all the rail- j
roads or other public works of the United States
wherever public lands have been or may be
granted by acts of Congress, and to receive a
patent therefor, under and by virtue of the
provisions of the act to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain and the >
acts amendatory thereof, and on the terms
and conditions therein prescribed; and all the '
provisions of said acts, except as herein modi- i
lied, shall extend and be applicable to entries
under this act. And every person entitled to
the benefit of this act may locate one quarter ,
section as herein provided, at his option, in
one entire quarter section or in not more than
two subdivisions of a quarter section not more
than four miles apart. The second section
provides that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office is hereby authorized to prescribe
the necessary rules and regulations to carry
this act into effect and determine all facts
necessary therefor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
wain question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to-
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various motions of reference; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY BILL.
Mr. LOGAN asked unanimous consent that
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 987) to reduce the number of officers
in the Army of the United States, and for other
purposes, be taken from the Speaker's table;
and moved that the Honse non-concur in the
said amendments, and ask for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN COMMERCE.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins. The
House resumes the consideration of the bill
reported by the gentleman from_ Maine [Mr.
Lynch] from the select Committee on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Tonnage,
being House bill No. 1889, to revive the nav-
igation and commercial interests of the United
States, on which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Calkin] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CALKIN. I yield half an hour to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If mem-
bers of the House, Mr. Speaker, will look
to the bills on their files they will find the
amendment which I propose to offer at. the
proper time to the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on the Decline of American Commerce.
And I will be under great obligations to gen-
tlemen if they will carefully examine those
amendments in connection with the provisions
of this bill, because no question of greater im-
portance to the interests of the country lms
come or will come before the House at this
or any other session.
All of us are agreed upou one proposition.
It is that there is a great decay, not of Amer-
ican commerce, but of American shippinc;.
Let me pause to give two or three facts bear-
ing upon this point. We sustain nineteen
thousand American ships, carrying not quite
seven million tons and employing not mote
than two hundred thousand American sailors,
in our commerce. We pay for carrying trade,
eleven million tons burden and supporting four
hundred thousand alien seamen. And to-day,
out of the two hundred and sixty-eight thou-
sand tons of steamship lines between Amer-
ica and Europe, not a single ton is under the
American flag. This year past we imported
goods in American vessels to the amount of
$146,000,000 only ; and we brought in foreign
vessels goods to the amount of $317,000,000.
We exported from our shores of our own goods
to the value of only $160,000,000 in American
vessels, while in foreign vessels we exported
to the amount of $303,000,000.
These facts thus grouped preclude the ne-
cessity for argument that something be done
to change this state of our commercial marine.
What is that something? The Committee on
the Decline of American Commerce, after hav-
ing bestowed on the examination of the subject
great labor and assiduity, for which they are
entitled to the thanks of the House and of the
country, have come to a conclusion that action
is imperative. With that conclusion I agree,
but 1 do not think that the remedy they pro-
pose is at all commensurate with the evil, or
sufficient to meet it. It goes a little way, but
not fftr enough. The bill they have reported is
a bill favoring the ship-builder. What is needed
is a bill to sustain the ship-sailor, the man who
sails ships. The grant of a few dollars per ton
on the value of a ship, which goes to the builder,
does not help to any considerable extent the
man who has to compete with the foreigner in
sailing ships.
How, then, shall we protect American ship-
ping ? All other interests have had their ad-
vocates for protection on this floor; but this
the great interest, the greatest of all Interests so
far as the commerce of the country is con-
cerned, because it lies at the bottom of all
interchange of commodities with other nations,
has no protection. How has this happened ?
Because by our traditional history we have been
taught that we could compete with the world in
carrying goods in ships. Since 1785 we have
been attempting by every means in our power to
obtain reciprocity of trade with all other na-
tions ; that is to say, that all goods, in whatever
ships carried,whetheroursor foreign, shall come
in at the same rates of duty in all ports. Great
Britain refused to give us reciprocity in trade;
she enforced the act of Charles II down to 1849,
when she agreed to reciprocity we had offered
for sixty years of tonnage duties. Her first
convention of commerce extended four years.
It was again extended for ten year3 ; and in 1828
it was indefinitely extended, subject to term-
ination at twelve months' notice. But this was
for a reciprocity of vessels, and partially for
goods, only. France always refused us this
reciprocity, and maintained discriminating
duties until the 12th day of June, 1869. Por-
tugal still refuses ; Spain has always refused,
and stands to-day on the treaty of 1795. We
have made treaties with nearly all other na-
tions; but Great Britain, with her hand of
diplomacy in every treaty we have made, has
