1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
against granting pensions in such cases, for the
reason that the parties were employes of the
Government, and in no sense of the word sol-
diers.
A large number of persons during the war
losfr their lives or were disabled upon the west-
ern steamers in consequence of the boats being
fired into or wrecked. By such casualties there
and on the ocean many persons in the employ
of the Government were killed or disabled. We
have had petition after petition, and we have
many such petitions to day, from the widows
or children of such parties, or from the parties
themselves. The Committee on Pensions think
itisnot the duty of the Government to pay pen-
sions to parties thus disabled, or to the survi-
vors of those who have lost their lives in such
service. This is a case of that character, and
the committee did not feel authorized to go
beyond the precedent which has been already
established, and not only established long ago,
but confirmed by succeeding Congresses up to
the present day, in rejecting all such applica-
tions.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me for one moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, in reply to what
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin]
has stated to the House, I will say for myself
individually that although I am not familiar
with the particular classes of persons who are
entitled to the benefits of the pension laws, I
am in favor of pensioning every man, without
reference to his color or his position, who has
lost a limb in the discharge of his duty to his
country in time of war. 1 shall therefore vote
for this proposition very cheerfully, and the
more so if it is to establish a precedent tinder
which all persons similarly situated may come
in and receive the like advantage.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We can extend the gen-
eral law, if the House desires it, so as to em-
brace all these cases.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to see it done.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But I can tell the gen-
tleman in advance that it would require from
the Treasury of the United States two or three
millions every year to pay these pensions. Our
annual payment now for pensions is at the rate
of from thirty-three to thirty-five millions—an
amount larger than was required for the whole
expenses of this Government at a time within
the recollection of many members of the pres-
ent Congress. Our Government has been ex-
tremely liberal—more liberal than any other
Government upon the face of the earth has
ever been—in pensioning the soldiers, and the
survivors of the soldiers who have fought our
battles.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to know whether
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin]
states that there is no evidence, other than the
affidavit of the party himself, that he lost his
limbs in the service of the country ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have only the state-
ment of the party; we have not one word from
any hospital, or any physician, or from any
source but himself of the manner in which he
lost his lees.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to say, if the
House sets an example of voting a pension to
a man on such an ex parte statement, I know
another case of a negro who lost his arpa as
he alleges in the service, who is an applicant
for a pension before the House. I know not
how many other cases there are, if we are to
recognize alone the statement of the party.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from
Missouri is wrong in regard to the facts. I
know he does not wish to make an incorrect
statement.
Mr. BENJAMIN. One word further. I
can state to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that perhaps I have a little better information
on this subject, for all these petitions come to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. There
are not only one or five, but there are hundreds
and thousands of such eases. It would be
better by far that the gentleman should intro- ,
duce a bill giving a sum of money to this negro
to support him during life than to open the
door so wide as to let in all these cases.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I just wish
to say this : there have been so many cases of
this kind falling under my notice that I think
the Committee on Invalid Pensions ought to
establish some rule in regard to the matter. I
have in my mind a case in my own district of
a most excellent man who was running a mili-
tary train as engineer, and there was ft wreck
of the cars ; and, while he was not sworn into
office, he is crippled and mangled for life,
dragging out a miserable existence without
help from the Government. He was as much
in the employ of the Government as if he was
sworn in. I do not know about the facts
in this case except as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoli.] has stated them, snd
I have no doubt he has stated them correctly.
I do not know whether an exceptional case
ought to be made, or whether we ought to wait
for a general bill on the subject, but that some
provision ought to be made for the men who
were with the Army and have been wounded,
but who did not happen to be sworn into the
service, I have no doubt, whether the party be
white or black.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is not regarded as
military duty. This man was not doing what
is called military duty.
Mr. VOORHEES. What was he doing ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. He was employed in the
quartermaster's department.
Mr. VOORHEES. He comes in the cate-
gory of the man I have in my mind. I may
have used the term "military duty," but not
in the sense I intended. Those connected with
the Army in running trains of cars or other-
wise in the quartermaster's department, or in
driving teams, were exposed to all the dan-
gers and hardships of the service. There are
cases of great hardship among these men, and
I have no doubt this is one of them. I have
no donbt relief ought to be afforded. There
are cases which appeal to the justice of the
committee and the House. There are, I have
no doubt, half a dozen cases in every gentle-
man's district of men who were legitimately
and properly and moBt usefully connected with
the Army, and who have been injured in the
war as much as soldiers, and who are now left
helpless and crippled for life with no provision
made for them by the Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If we pass this bill we
will have to embrace not only all I shall name
but hundreds and thousands of others. First of
all cpme the hands on transport steamers, not
only upon our western rivers but upon the high
seas. The list will embrace all casualties by
capture, by wreck, by fire, and by almost every
other accident of the transportation service.
That would bring in an immense number of
persons.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not care, so each case
was of one injured in the service.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It would not only apply
to them but to all the bridge-builders who hired
themselves out at large wages, sometimes to
avoid military service but more generally for
the amount of money they received for their
work. They took the risk incident to thatkind
of service, receiving a corresponding amount
of pay for it. It .will embrace all that class of
individuals. It will embrace the thousands,
from the teamster to the subordinate clerk,
who were employed by the various quarter-
masters in all the armies that were out in the
field at that time.
Mr. MAYHAM. Were those persons thus
connected with the Army compelled to obey
the orders of any superior ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If they had contracted
with an officer to serve for a certain length of
time they were bound by the contract, and
being within the military lines, they were sub-
ject to the same law as any civilian so situated.
Mr. MAYHAM. Could they be dealt with
by military courts-martial?
Mr. BENJAMIN. They were not subject to
any military court-martial. They had the priv-
ilege ordinarily of abandoning the service and
going home at their pleasure. They did go
home and return when they pleased. They
were as free to go and as free to come as any
gentleman on this floor was to go to his own
home. It was a voluntary service on their part.
True it was connected with the Army service;
but such was the case with every man who stayed
at home and cultivated his land to raise food
for the Army. Such persons were rendering
similar service, but in a different way.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to ask the chairman
of the committee whether every special bill for
a pension passed by this House is not outside
the general law granting pensions, and refers
to a case which requires special legislation?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir.
Mr. CONGER. I would ask whether the bill
reported this morning, and every bill reported
by the same committee, is not a special bill and
does not depend upon some special circum-
stances which would take the case oat of the
general law, the same as in this case?
Mr. BENJAMIN. We pension nobody by
special act who has not been in the military
service. In the first place the fact must exist
that he is or has been a soldier. But there
are certain technicalities that exist in many
instances—errors in the record or something
of that kind—which disqualify the party from
obtaining a pension from the Pension Bureau.
These are the cases for special bills.
Mr. CONGER. I would ask the gentleman
the further question, whether this is not a case
where a man being a negro could not under
the laws of the land join the military service,
as the persons to whom the gentleman has
referred might have done ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. We need not make any
special pleading in regard to this matter. This
involves the question, the naked question alone,
whether we will extend the benefit of the pen-
sion laws to all the employes in the service of
the Government.
Mr. CONGER. Has the gentleman never
reported bills granting pensions to people out-
side the military service, such as hospital nurses,
women, and others, who were connected with
the service, but were not enlisted soldiers?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There has been such
special acts.
Mr. CONGER. Is not this a case of that
kind?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not by any means.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to say a very
few words, and will then move the previous
question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe that I am enti-
tled to the floor. I yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Cobukn.]
Mr. COBURN. I wish to ask a question as
to the possibility Of this man entering the mili-
tary service at that time. It strikes me that at
that time men of color were not allowed to en-
list in the United States Army to render mili-
tary service as soldiers for their country. In
view of all the circumstances I think "this is a
special case. The passing of this bill will not
establish a precedent in perhaps a hundred
cases. I feel very strongly that it is a principle
which should be ingrafted on the general pen-
sion law; that a pension should be given to
every man who has been injured in the service,
or to his heirs. I believe that he has rendered
services to the Government and made sacrifices
for the Government of the_highest nature, and
having been subjfect to military orders aa much
as the soldier who carried a musket he should
receive like compensation for his sacrifices and
his losses. This is a peculiar case, and I think
the House might well put it upon the ground
that all the time it was impossible for him to
render any other or higher or better kind of
services to the Government than he did render.
Mr. BENJAMIN. One word in reply to
