5472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
State, -westwardly on'such route as may be &uthor-
iaed by the laws of said State to the feast boundary
line of Dakota Territory, thence w^stwardly on tbe
most feasible line in ana through the Territory of
Dakota to Yankton, an the Missouri river.
The amendment ftas agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line four, to strike out the word " Missouri"
and insert " Minnesota in line fourteen to
strike out the words " said State" and insert
(4 the States;15 and in line fifteen, after the word
" Minnesota,M to insert the words " and lows;"
so that the section will read:
That for the purpose of aiding in the construction
of said road the gr^nt of public lands heretofore re-
ceived by said St. Paul and Sioux City liailroud Com-
pany in the State of Minnesota, under and by virtue
of an aot of Con&ress making a grant of lands to the
State of Minnesota, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of railroads in said State, approved
March 3, A. D. 1S57, and tho provisions of tho net of
Congress approved May 12, 1864, granting additional
sections of land to aid in the construction of said
railroad, be, and the same are hereby, extended and
continued in behalf of said St. Paul and Sioux City
Eailroad Company from the point named on said
road to tho western boundary of tho States of Min-
nesota aud Iowa, thence through tho Territory of
Dakota to Yankton; the same grants* privile&e^,
and immunities* subject to the saiiie restrictions,
conditions, and provisions as are contained in the
acts oi' Congress aforesaid pertaining to the said St.
Paul and Sioux City Railroad Company, insaid State
of Minnesota, being hereby granted to the said St.
Paul and Sioux City Railroad Company between the
poiats above named.
The amendment Was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line thirty one, after the word "way" to in-
sert the words "over the same and through
other public landsso that the proviso will
read:
And provided further, That all lands within tho
limits of this grant heretofore reserved to tho United
States by an act ofCongrcss or in any othor manner
by competent authority, for the purpose of aidiugin
apy object of internal improvementor other purpose
whatsoever, be, and are hereby, reserved and ex-
cepted from the operations of this act, cxccpt as far
as may be found necessary to locate tho route ot said
railroad through the said reserved lands; in which
case the rightof way overthesameand through other
public lands tor two hundred ieet is hereby granted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ne&t amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Seo. 6. And be it further enacted, That the lands
granted, by this aot, excepting only such as are ne-
cessary lor the coLupanj to reserve lor depots, sta-
tions, side-tracks, tvood-yards, standing ground, and
other needful uses in operating the road, and pine
timber and mineral land, shall be sold to actual set-
tlers only, and in quantities not more than one hun-
dred and sixty acrcs to any one person, under such
regulations and restrictions as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of the interior, at such prices as will
secure to said company, its successors or assigns, as
aforesaid, an average price of not wore than $2 50
per acre for the land actually certified tor each com-
pleted section of ten wiles oi paid lailroad or branch
thereof; and to inhuman enforcement of this section
itshall be the duty of thceomp;inyrec<-ivingthecer-
tiflcates trom the Secretary ot tho Interior, as afoie-
said, for the lands granted by this act in aid of the
construction of the first section of ten miles of said
railroad, and within one year thereafter to tix a price
on each one hundred and sixty acre tract described
in said certificates, in such manner and at such rntes
that the average price of the whole amount certified
shall rjot exeeed $2 50 per acre, and report the same
to tbe Secretary of 4he Interior, exposing a copy of
such report to the publicin the office of the secretary
of such company; and any person actually settling
upon said land, or any Government subdivision
thereof, not greater than a quarter section shall have
the right to purchase, at the price so iixcd.any unsold
parcel of said land upon payment of said price; and
on payment therefor it shall be the dufy of the sec-
retary of such company to nuke out duplicate cer-
tificates of the sale under the seal of the company,
send one to the Secretary ot the Interior and deliver
the other to the purchaser; and itshall be the dut-y
of the Secretary of the Interior to issue to such pur-
chaser a patent for the land described in his certifi-
cate, as in eases of land sold by tho United States.
And the same form of proceeding shall be observed
with respect to the lands certified by the Secretary
of the Interior on each succeeding completed section
often miles of said railroad: Provided, That no cer-
tificate of lands to such company on any completed
section after the first shall be made by the Secretary
of tbe Interior until ho .-hall have received arcport,
as aforesaid, of the price fixed on the land, certified
for the next preceding completed section of said rail-
road or branch tnereof.
Mr, HAMLIN. I more t-o amend the bill
in section one, line thirteen, by inserting after
the word "Yankton" the words "or some
suitable point at or below the month of the
river Niobrara.H
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HAMLIN. I move the sarhe amend-
ment to be inserted after the word '1 Yankton,''
in the sixteenth line of the second sectiou, so
as to make the bill harmonious.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then, tt> make sure that
there shall be no double grant of land, I move
to add the following proviso to the second
section :
Provided, That tho grant hereby made is limited to
five alternate sections designated by odd numbers
and situated oh each side of the line of said road and
within ten miles thereof, and only from the point to
which the former grants extend to the terminus above
named.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN". In section two, line sixteen.
I move to strike out the word ''same"' arid
insert "like;" so as to read "the like grants,
privileges, and immunities/*
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN ifs title wu^
amended so as to read: 44 A bill for continu-
ing the Saint Paul and Sioux City railroad
across the Territory of Dakota to Yankton, or
some suitable point at, or below the mouih of
the river Niobrara, and for continuing the laud
grant in aid of the same/'
sturgeon bay shu'-canal.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator ho in
Wisconsin after he takes up his bill to allow
me to have a vote taken on the bill which i
called up last night, and which was read.
Mr. HOWIS. Let the Senate take a vole
on the bill I desire to call up ; that is all there
is to be done upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. I insist that Senators shall
take their seats and preserve order. When
they address the Chair they should address
the Chair from their seats. This ra sning ail
over the floor in order to attract the attention
of the Chair is a want of decorum in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There might be
some allowances made for tho pressure ot busi-
ness at this moment.
Mr. HO vVE. I ask the Senate to do ino tho
favor now to simply take up and vole upon
Senate bill No. f>2().
By unanimous consent, the Senate, nx in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. G20) granting lands to
the State of Wisconsin to aid in the construc-
tion of a breakwater aud harbor and &hip-
canalatthe head of Sturgeon bay, in the county
of Door, in said State, to connect the waters
of Green bay with Lake Michigan, in said State.
The bill proposes to grant to the State of Wis-
consin, to aid In the building of a breakwater
and harbor and ship-canal at Sturgeon bay,
to connect tho waters of Green bay with the
waters of Lake Michigan, in addition to a former
grant for thatpui pose, approved April 10, 180(5,
two hundred thousand acres of the public lands
of the United States within the State of Wis-
consin, and from land to which the right of
homestead or preemption has not attached j to
be selected from alternate odd-numbered see
tions of the lands of the United States. The
grant of lands is to inure to the use and benefit
of the Sturgeon Bay and Lake Michigau Sbip-
Canaland Harbor Company, in accordance with
an act of the Legislature of the State ot Wiscon-
sin conferring the lands granted to the Slate,
by the act therein refened to, on that com
pany. The bill t:lso extends the time allowed
lor the completion of the work and the right
of reversion to the United States under the act
of Congress api>rovfd April 10, 180G, three
additional years; but 110 lands designated by
the United States "mineral'' before the
passage of this act are to be included within
this grant; and the company is to be allowed
to tax all vessels passing through the danai a
rate of toll not to excei'd five cehts per ton,
riieasurement. It also repeals section five of
an act approved April 10, 188'6, entitled An
act granting to the State of Wisconsin a dona-
tion of public lands to aid 111 the construction
of a breakwater and harbor and ship-canal at
the head of Sturgeon bay, in the county of
Door, in said State, to connect the waters of
Green bay with Lake Michigan, in said State.''
Mr. KAMSEY. The Senator from Wisconsin
consents to give way for a moment to correct
thai little matter between the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. IIaujan] and myself in regard to
the Duluth harbor bill.
Mr. POMEKQY. I object to any giving
way. If aSeoator gets up a bill, I insist that it
shall be proceeded with until it is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas insists on proceeding with the business
before the Senate, unless the Senator from Wis-
consin surrenders the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. In order to prevent con-
fusion, when a bill is taken up we should dispose
of it. There is plenty of time for ail these bills,
TheYIOEPRESl'DENJ1. The Senator from
Kansas objectj, aud Senate bill No. 620 is
before the Scmir-e.
'Fiie Committee on Public Land^ reported
the bill wr.h an amendment, to add the follow-
ing as an ad'iuiontd section:
o. A.id be it further otactod, That the lands
£>•.!tired by this act, excepting only such as are neces-
sary ha* tin- company to resetve ior docks and ware-
h an I othei needful iu opeiatingsaid canal,
and funluT hinds and mineral lands,shall be so'd to
aetna! Metiers only, a;ui in quantities not more than
oik hundred and a ixty aci e • to any one person, under
>ncli ivmihi I ions and re^  riciion,-. ib la.iy beprcsciibed
b> toe Seci'ci ary ui  li 2 Incenor, ot sue a prices as will
secure to said company, lit- successors or assigns, an
average pi ice of 11. a mof o 1 ha a s_; 5,'j per a.'re tor tr.id
land; and to iri-oaie a a onfoieemenl ot thh: section
jtMiall be the cliily or'the company, within one year
alter tiic seiecion ot tne laad^ he o*>y granted, to
loport to the Sooietary o 1 the Inferior a sr.ttemcnt-
01 all lands in tin ir legal iubdiv Moik> I i.it are no;
excepted as -ifor^said, liking a price iL'-re.ia at sucdi
raro^ that the avt ia*;o oi the nole sh^i: not exceed
50 per acre, end -"Jhl cotnpi:ny sh:iU 00 repaired to
expose a copy of such ioport w.th hst of said lauds
to tbe puoho in tho Ouiee vx t 10 fociotuy of said:
company, n-id in the di-iriot land olU'e; and any
poison actually soti/me: i-pon ;,.od impr>vin? said
land, or ,j j Government subdivision thereof, shall
have the liyhl to puicaa^e at the price so fixed any
uo-'old pa.-evi oi si.iid land upon payment of said
] lice witii-n ?<x monni. ironi tile date of .-ei clem, en:;
:ul on payment thoreior it shall he the duty of the
,-v<-±<"aiy ot said company to inahe out duplicate
coi; ill".1 cob ot the .--ale unaer the .-e,i i or't Lie company,
si w<i one to the Sec? etaiy of the interior, and deliver
tiie uthtn to the puivha-pr; and it shall be tfts duty
of1 ho Secretary oi ihe Interior co iscue to such pur1
cha 'er a patent for the land described in his certif-
icate, :,s in ca^es ot land sold by the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIAllLAN. I wish to inquire whethet
this bill is reported from any coinuiiUee?
Mr. IIOWL. The Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have a
statement of what it pre visits.
Mr. IIO WE. It provides just uhai was pro-
vided 111 the bill which passed here at the last
session ot the lust Congress. It revives the
grunt made to the State of Wisconsin to buiid
a harbor ond cut a canal aero«a the isthmus,
between Sturgeon bay and Lake Michigan, and
adds a grant of two hundred thousand acres
of,laud for that purpose. It adds to that bill
the provision as to the sale of lands, limiting
the price to $2 50 an acre. In other respects
it is just as the bill parsed the Senate in the
last session of the last Congress.
Mr. IIAPLAN. How much was the original
grant?
Mr. HOWE, /f wo hundred thousand acres-.
Mr. HARLAN. Aud this adds two hundred
thousand acres?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. R A ULAN. I would rather it should go
o\er That, canal is only a mile and a half.
Mr. HOWE. Is it subject to a single objee*
. tiou?
