1696
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
what the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cobukn]
has said, and then I will yield the floor. If
the gentleman would go and read the testi-
mony that has been taken under the direction
of the War and Interior Departments as to the
amount of perjury and forgery that has been
perpetrated upon this Government in the estab-
lishment of pension claims he certainly could
not vote for opening the door as wide as this ;
would open it, and letting in everybody to get j
the benefit of the pension laws who could make
proof that lie had been in the employ of the
Government. We have no record of these
persons. There is not one scratch of the pen
in all the Departments that will show to us
that these parties have ever been employed by
the Government at all. We have no record
that their wounds or their deaths were brought
about while in the service, if they were in it at
all. There is nothing of that kind; and it
therefore all rests upon ex parte proof that ,,
might be gathered up throughout the country.
We all of us know the ease with which such
proof is gathered everywhere. I state to the
House my firm belief that an extension of the
benefits of the pension laws as this bill pro- ;,
poses to extend them will cost this Govern- j
meut $50,000,000, for which it never received
any benefit whatever.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I understand him to say ;
that although this case is peculiar he has doubts ,,
as to the truth of the statements upon which j
the application is based. |
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why, Mr. Speaker, I
cannot dispute here the statements of this man,
knowing nothing of the facts myself. The gen-
tleman has heard the affidavit of the party, and
he can judge of it as well as I can. I state to
him that the whole case rests upon the ex
parte statement of the petitioner alone, and
there is not one word outside of that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The chairman of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions has been per-
haps so long in the habit of looking at these
cases with somewhat of indifference that he
cannot appreciate that zeal which inspired my
heart when I saw this man hobbling over the
ground with only two stumps of legs, having
lost his legs on the battle-field while doing the
best he could for his country. I am not yet a
Cardiff giant without a heart. [Laughter.] I
ad mi t that when I see a man, black or whi te, who
has lost his leg or his arm or his health in the
Army, fighting for the perpetuation of repub-
lican government, I am touched with sympa-
thy, and if I can do aught justly to advance his
interests, to improve his condition, to lift him
up out of absolute beggary, I would consider
myself a heathen if I did not do it.
I wish now to make a statement in regard to
a matter of fact as to which the chairman of
the Committee on Invalid PensionB has unin-
tentionally fallen into error. I have not looked
at the papers in this case to-day and I never
appeared before the gentleman's committee.
I feel that I am reprehensible for not having
done bo, for I beheve that if I had the com-
mittee would have reported in favor of the bill.
This black man had no friend to go to and his
case has been pigeon-holed in the committee-
room or in the Clerk'  office for two or three
Congresses. But there is an affidavit on file
made by the man who attended upon the ap-
plicant for this pension in the hospital at Alex-
andria, in which he swears that this man was
brought there after the battle of Bull Run,
and that he attended him until he was turned
out of the hospital with the remnants of his
legs. His own daughter swears that he left
home able-bodied and sound. He ran away
from his owner in Virginia, and when he left
he said "I am going down into the Army."
He went down into the Army and performed
the duties of a teamster, and perhaps relieved
an enlisted man whose name appears on the
muster-rolls and who perhaps, but for this black
tnan taking his place on the mule, would have
been withdrawn from the body of the Army.
Let us not forget also that but for the statute
in the face of this black man he, too, would
have carried a musket and knapsack and allowed
some white man to ride the mule, and perhaps
he would have escaped the injury which he
received while riding the mule to carry bread
to feed the soldiers who did fight. And will
you now deny him a pension under the plea
that it will take a little money from the forty
million able-bodied people of this country? £
say it is a shame to the American people if we
should adopt the viewB of the chairman of this
committee. The forty millions of the Amer-
ican people are not complaining of this bill,
but ouly one or two of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions are complaining.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. For what purpose?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know whether
pensions are granted in any cases to either
white or black men—I say there should be no
distinction made between them—upon the ex
parte affidavits of the parties applying for the
pensions? And does not this application rest
entirelyupon theaffidavit of this man for whom
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] is so
earnest an advocate? Is not his daughter's
affidavit based solely upon the unsworn declar-
ation of her father ? Is there anything else to
substantiate the right of this man to a pension,
or that he was, as he claims, in the service of
the United States?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. EldkiBge] is familiar enough
with the rules of evidence to know that circum-
stantial evidence is oftentimes much stronger
than any positive or direct testimony, and in
this case we have testimony that is not denied
that he was an able-bodied man previous to the
battle of Bull Run. Then we have the testi-
mony of the man who saw him when brought
in from the battle-field, and who attended him
while in the hospital.
The chairman of the committee says that
this man is not entitled to a pension. If so,
then he was not' entitled to be admitted into a
military hospital and attended by an Army
surgeon, and perhaps the Committee on Pen*
sions will bring in an account against him for
his board and medical attendance while in
the hospital. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question was upon discharging the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions from the further
Consideration of the bill and laying the same
011 the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 42, nays 110, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bock, Benjamin, Bennett, Biros,
Bird, Burr, Cioveland, Amasa Cobb, Cox, Dickin-
son, Dox, Eldridge, Getz, Haldeman, Hambleton,
Hamill, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Ketoham, Laflin,
May ham, MeNeoly, Niblack, Phelpe, Randall, Read-
ing, Beeves, Bice, Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon, Slier-
rod, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, W orthingtonC. Smith,
Stone, Strickland, Trimble, Twichcll, Van Auken,
Van Trump. Ward, and Woodward—42.
NAY S—Messrs. Archer-Armstrons;, Arnell, Asper,
Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Beatty, Bingham, Boles,
Boyd, GoorgeM. 1! rooks,-Buckley,Buflinton, Burch-
ard, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Co-
vode, Cowles, Cul lom, Davis, Dickey, Donley, Farns-
worth, FerrUs, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Pox, Gibson,
Haight, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley,
Hays, Heaton, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hose, Holman,
Hotehkiss.Ingersoll, Jcnckes, Johnson, Judd, Julian,
Kellogg, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Mc-
Cormiok, MeCrary, McGrew, MoKee, MeKenzie,
Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, J esse H. Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mun-
gen, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paoker, Paine,
Palmer, Peroe, Peters, Pomeroy, Potter, Boots,
Sawyer, Shanks, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strong. Taffe. Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Tyner,
Van Horn, Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburn.
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler,
Willard. Williams. Winans, and Wood—11Q.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler,
Ames, Axtell, Bailey, Barnum, Beam an, Benton,
Blair. Booker, Bowen. James Brooks, Buck, Buv-
dett, Roderick It. Butler, Cake.Crebs. Dawes. Dixon,
Doekery, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Fisher, Fitch, U.irlield,
Gilfillan. Griswold, Hay, Hooper, Alexander II.
Jones. Kelley, Ki-lsey, Knapp, Knott, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Mn.ynard, McCarthy, William Moore, Morgan,
Morrissoy, Negley, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Proper,
Ridsway, Rogers, Sanford, Schcnck, Schumaker,
Scoiield, Portor Sheldon, Stevens, Stevenson, Stile?,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Upson, Van Wyck, Wil-
kinson, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,'Win-
chester, and Witcher—68.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope that the House
will consent that this bill be recommitted.
! The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
I order, for the previous question is now oper-
' ating.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider
i the vote by which the main question was or-
dered, in order to have this bill recommitted, so
that this person may have given hiui a certain
sum instead of a pension.
The question was taken on the motion to
reconsider; and on a division there were—
ayes 52, noes 83.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr, BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ingeusoll
and Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 44, noes 71.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. BURR, called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were seventeen in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one filth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Accordingly the motion to reconsider the
main question was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MeNEELY. On that question I call
for the yeas and pays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were twenty-three in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise
, for the purpose of moving that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me that I may make a personal explana-
j tion.
i Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How
much time will the gentleman occupy?
Mr. WOOD. Not more than three minutes.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, for the first
time in my experience in Congress I rise to
make a personal explanation ; and I would not
do so but for the peculiar circumstances attend-
ing this case. Some ten or twelve days ago,
! ,i about the time that the investigation by the
Committee on Military Affairs with reference
to the sale of cadetships commenced, the
Washington correspondent of the New York
Tribune stated that I had appointed a cadet
outside of my district. I took no notice of
that statement. A few days afterward it was
stated by the same correspondent that I had
ij appointed to such a position the son of Geu-
! eral Gillmore, aresidentof Ohio, and that the
cadet himselfwas not a resident of my district.
I took no notice of that. I find now that the
