682
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 8,
41st Cong 2d Sess.
Laios of the United States.
respecting the granting and issuing of patents
which herein are, or may hereafter be, by law
directed to be done ; and he shall have charge
ofallbooks, records, papers, models, machines,
and other things belonging to said office.
Sec. 8. And be it further enaSied, That the
Commissioner may send and receive by mail,
free of postage, letters, printed matter, and
packages relating to the business of his office,
including Patent Office reports.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner shall lay before Congress, in the
month of January, annually, a report, giving
a detailed statement of all moneys received
for patents, for copies of records or drawings,
or from any other source whatever ; a detailed
statement of all expenditures for contingent
and miscellaneous expenses; a list of all
patents "which were granted during the pre-
ceding year, designating under proper heads
the subjects of such patents; an alphabetical
list of the patentees, with their places of resi-
dence ; a list of all patents which have been
extended during the year; and such other
information of the condition of the Patent
Office, as may be useful to Congress or the
public.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
examiners-in-chief shall be persons of com-
petent legal knowledge and scientific ability,
whose duty it shall be, on the written petition
of the appellant, to revise and determine upon
the validity of the adverse decisions of exam-
iners upon applications for patents, and for
reissues of patents, and in interference cases ;
and when required by the Commissioner, they
shall hear and report upon claims for exten-
sions, and perform such other like duties as
he may assign them.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in
case of the death, resignation, absence, or
sickness of the Commissioner, his duties shall
devolve upon the assistant commissioner until
a successorshall be appointed, or such absence
or sickness shall cease.
Sec.^ 12. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner shall cause a seal to be provided
for said office, with such device as the Presi-
dent may approve, with which all records or
papers issued from said oflice, to bo used in
evidence, shall bo authenticated.
Skc._ 13. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner shall cause to be classified-and
arranged in suitable cases, in the rooms and
galleries provided for that purpose, the models,
specimens of composition, fabrics, manufac-
tures, works of art, and designs, which havo
been or shall be deposited in said office ; and
said rooms and galleries shall be kept open
during suitable hours for public inspection.
SEt'._14. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner may restore to the respective
applicants such of the models belonging to
rejected applications as he shall not think
necessary to be preserved, or he may sell or
otherwise dispose of them after the anplication
has been finally rejected for one year, paying
the proceeds into theTreasury, as other patent
moneys are directed to be paid.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be purchased, for the use of said
office, a library of such scientific works and
periodicals, both foreign and American, as
may aid the officers in the discharge of their
duties, not exceeding the amount annually
appropriated by Congress for that purpose.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all
officers and employes of the Patent Office shall
be incapable, during the period for which they
shall hold their appointments, to acquire or
take, directly or indirectly, except by inherit-
ance or bequest, any right or interest in any
patent issued by said office. '
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That for
gross misconduct the Commissioner may re-
fuse to recognize any person as a patent agent,
either generally or in any particular case ; but
the reasons for such refusal shall be duly re-
corded, and be subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner may require all papers filed in
the Patent Office, if not correctly, legibly, and
clearly written, to be printed at the cost of the
party filing them.
Sec. 19. And beit further enacted, That the
Commissioner, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior, may from time to
time establish rules and regulations, not incon-
sistent with law, for the conduct of proceed-
ings in the Patent Office.
Sec. 20. Andbeit further enacted, That the
Commissioner may print or cause to be printed
copies of the specifications of all letters-patent
and of the drawings of the same, and copies
of the claims of current issues, and copies of
such laws, decisions, rules, regulations, and
circulars as may be necessary lor the inform
ation of the public.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That all
patents shall be issued in the name of the
United States of America, under the seal of
the Patent Office, and shall be signed by the
Secretary of the Interior and countersigned by
the Commissioner, and they shall be recorded"
together with the specification, in said office
in books to be kept for that purpose.
Sec. 22. And be it further enaetcd, That
every patent shall contain a short title or de-
scription of the invention or discovery, cor
rectly indicating its nature and design, and a
grant to the patentee, his heirs or assigns, for
the term of seventeen years, of the exclusive
right to make, use, and vend the said inven-
tion or discovery throughout the United States
and the Territories thereof, referring to the
specification for the particulars thereof; and
a copy of said specifications and of the draw-
ings shall be annexed to the patent and be a
part thereof.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That
every patent shall date as of a day not later
than six months from the time at which it was
passed and allowed, and notice thereof was
sent to the applicant or his agent; and if the
final fee shall not be paid within that period
the patent shall be withheld.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That any
person who has invented or discovered any
new and useful art, machine, manufacture, or
composition of matter, or any new and useful
improvement thereof, not known or used by
others in this country, and not patented, or
described in any printed publication in this
or any foreign country, before his invention
or discovery thereof, and not in public use or
on sale for more than two years prior to his
application, unless the same is proved to have
been abandoned, may, unon payment of the
duty required by law, and other due proceed-
ings had, obtain a patent therefor.
Sec. 25. Andbeit further enacted, That no
person shall be debarred from receiving a
patent for his invention or discovery, nor shall
any patent be declared invalid, by reason of
its having been first patented or caused to be
patented in a foreign country: Provided, The
same shall not have been introduced into public
use in the United States for more than two years
prior to the application, and that the patent
shall expire at the same time with the foreign
patent, or, if there be more than one, at the
same time with the one having the shortest
term; but in no case shall it be m force more
than seventeen years.
Sec. 20._ And be it further enacted, That
before any inventor or discoverer shall receive
a patent for his invention or discovery, he
shall make application therefor, in writing, to
the Commissioner, and shall file in the Patent
Office a written description of the same, and
of the manner and process of making, con-
structing, compounding, and using it, in such
full, clear, concise, and exact terms as to
enable any person skilled in the art or science
to which itappertains, or with which it is most
nearly connected, to make, construct, com-
pound, and use tho same ; and in case of a
machine, he shall explain the principle thereof,
and the best mode m which he has contem-
plated applying that principle so as to dis-
tinguish it from other inventions ; and he shall
particularly point out and distinctly claim tho
part, improvement, or combination which he
claims as his invention or discovery ; and said
specification and claim shall be signed by the
inventor and attested by two witnesses.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That
when the nature of the case admits of draw-
ings, the applicant shall furnish one copy
signed by the inventor or his attorney in fact,
and attested by two witnesses, which shall be
filed in the Patent Office ; and a copy of said
drawings, to be furnished by the Patent Office,
shall be attached to the patent as a part of the
specification.
Sec. 28. _ And be it further enacted, That
when the invention or discovery is of a com-
position of matter, the applicant, if required
by the Commissioner, shall furnish specimens
of ingredients and of the composition, suffi-
cient in quantity for the purpose of experi-
ment.
Sec. 20. Andbeit further enacted, That in
all cases which admit of representation by
model, the applicant, if required by the Com-
missioner, shall furnish one of convenient size
to exhibit advantageously the several parts of
his invention or discovery.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That
the applicant shall make oath or affirmation
that_ he does verily believe himself to be the
original and first inventor or discoverer of the
art, machine, manufacture,Composition, or im-
provement for which he solicits a patent; that
he does not know and does not believe that the
same was ever before known or used ; and shall
state of what country he is a citizen. And said
oath or affirmation may be made before any
person within the United States authorized by
law to administer oaths, or, when the applicant
resides in a foreign country, before any minister,
charge d'affaires, consul, or commercial agent,
holding commission under the Government of
the United States, or before any notary public
of the foreign country in which the applicant
may be.
Sec. 31. Andbeit further enacted,, That on
the filing of any such application and the pay-
ment of the duty required bylaw, the Commis-
sioner shall cause an examination to be made
of the alleged new invention or discovery ; and
if on such examination it shall appear that the
claimant is justly entitled to a patent under the
law, and that the same is sufficiently useful
and important, the Commissioner shall issue a
patent therefor.
Sec. 32. Andbe it further enacted, Thatall
applications for patcntsshall be completed and
prepared for examination within two years after
the filing of the petition, and in default thereof,
or upon failure of the applicant to prosecute
the same within two years after any action
therein, of which notice shall have been given
to the applicant, they shall be regardedas aban-
doned by the parties thereto, unless it be shown
to the satisfaction of the Commissioner that
such delay was unavoidable.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That
patents may be granted and issued or reissued
to tho assignee of the inventor or discoverer,
the assignment thereof being first entered <>:'
record in the Patent Office; but in such :
the application for the patent shall be made
and tne specification sworn to by the inventor
or discoverer; and also, if he be living, in case
of an application for reissue.
Sec. 3J. Andbeit further enacted, That when
