084
the congressional globe.
January 12,
Mr. POMEROY. And all the officers of the
senate.
Mr. CONKLING. What other officers were
Mr. POMEROY. Three other clerks.
•Mr. CONKLING. Deputy clerks.
Mr. POMEROY. And the sergeant-at-
arras.
Mr. CONKLING. Under the rale, the clerk
was to appoint four deputies. He did appoint
them. And the Senator says it does not appear
affirmatively that they took the oath. I have
only to say that as far as I can appreciate the
magnitude of that suggestion it is of no more
consequence than if it does not appear affirm-
atively that the pages took the oath, or the
doorkeepers, or anybody else. The Lieutenant
Governor held the chair by the constitution;
he was the presiding officer. The speaker of
the house, the Senator says, was properly qual-
ified. Now, how the question whether the
subordinate officers did or did not take the
oath, even if we could get at the fact, is of the
slightest importance I am unable to understand.
Mr. POMEROY. The only importance I
attach to it is this: it is the organization of the
body, and every certificate that comes up to
us of the fact that they adopted the fifteenth
amendmentis executed by this.clerk. Suppose
it shall be held that he was no clerk, what then ?
What is the evidence of his being clerk? Some-
thing more than his election; something more
than the fact that forty-one or forty-two men
voted for him.^ He must be shown not only to
have been clerk, but to have been qualified as
clerk and to have entered upon the discharge
of his duties as clerk. I only say that it was
an informality that ought not to have existed.
All other legislative bodies that I know of
make it appear on their record that their officers
have been sworn.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator a question, with his permission.
Mr. POMEROY Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose that the journal of
the senate should not show that the secretary
took an oath as secretary, would that state of
the journal vitiate all the action of the senate,
or would it have any influence whatever upon
the validity of the action of the senate ?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not say that it would;
but I want to ask the Senator from Kentucky
a question.
Mr. DAArTS. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose the journal
should show nothing on the subject, and the
proof was that the clerk was not sworn, would
that be a legal organization?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the question. It
could not affect in the least, under the sun, by
any principle of law the validity of all the act-
ings of the senate.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the opinion of the
Senator from Kentucky ?
Mr. DAVIS. And that position is estab-
lished by every authority that ever acted upon
the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) Tho ques-
tion is on the amendment of tho Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, without enter-
ing^ into any of the reasons which have been
assigned here against the admission of repre-
sentatives from Virginia, 1 desire to say a few
words upon the pending amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri. The discussion
elicited by that amendment has, I think, pretty
conclusively demonstrated either that Virginia
ought not to be admitted at all, or if admitted,
ought to be admitted without the adoption of
this amendment.
The Senator made the prediction, and asked
us to observe it, that if she were admitted with-
out the adoption of the amendment proposed
by him ten days would not elapse until the
Legislature would pass an act rescinding its
ratification of the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. If I enter-
tained that opinion I would not vote for her
admission at all. If the Legislature of Vir-
ginia is before us with that kind of Punic faith
you may place as many barriers as you please
in the way of her rescinding the ratification of
the fifteenth amendment, and if your barriers
succeed in preventing that action there will be
a hundred other ways in which she will show
that she is undeserving of a place in the Union.
That would be an artifice so transparent, a
fraud so glaring that I can hardly conceive it
possible that it would be attempted during the
sitting of the very Congress by whose act she
had been admitted into the Union ; and if that
specific act be not attempted whils this Con-
gress is in session the fate of the fifteenth
amendment will have been settled before this
Congress expires.
If, then, there be ground for incorporating
into our action in admitting Virginia this
threat to her, "If you do this specific act you
shall again be remitted to the place you occu-
pied before the passage of this act," then the
provision does not go half far enough. There
are many other ways in which, as 1 have already
said, this spirit would manifest itself if it really
exists in the Virginia Legislature. Are there
no other important principles to be violated
than that contained in the fifteenth amend-
ment; and if there'are, do we not need protec-
tion against the violation of them as well as
against the violation of that; and shall we
narrow our ground by saying that this is the
only act of bad faith which we will recognize
as a sufficient ground for excluding her here-
after from her representation here ?
If that disposition exists in the Virginia
Legislature; if she be so faithless that she
could repudiate the very fundamental condition
upon whieh she is admitted, what will be her
attitude upon the thirteenth amendment and
the fourteenth amendment? As to the thir-
teenth amendment, will she not say that it was
adopted under coercion, under duress; that
without the States which were coerced there
are not a sufficient numberto make that amend-
ment a part of the Constitution of the United
States ; and will she not for the purpose of
testing that question try the experiment under
the thirteenth amendment? And under the
fourteenth amendment will she not take the
same ground, and proceed perhaps to pay rebel
war debts, to compensate slaveowners, or to
deprive citizens in Virginia of their rights ; and
thus by these acts raise up a deluge of questions
which will deepen and intensify that current
which is carrying us all, in the apprehension of
my friend, the Senator from Missouri, into that
great maelstrom, the Supreme Court, that sits
in another part of the Capitol ?
No, sir; if there be that faithlessness in
Virginia which is implied in this amendment,
then let us not narrow the ground which may
hereafter require us to take action with regard
to that State. We are admonished that there
are other ways by which the temper of the
country may be tried, by which the loyalty of
the country may be aggravated, than simply the
repudiation of the fifteenth amendment. Sup-
pose such a provision had been incorporated
into the Georgia bill, simply one for the pur-
pose of preserving the fifteenth amendment, it
would not have reached the evil against which
we have had to provide ; and so if we attempt
to reach forward into futurity now and provide
for the contingencies which may hereafter hap-
pen, instead of meeting those contingencies
we shall simply exemplify again the shortness
of human foresight in endeavoring to look into
the future. It will bo time enough when the
question arises for the Senate and for Congress
to determine whether we' have the power to
correct and to punish perfidy in these States
arising out of the terms of their admission.
Congress has assumed—and it is the vital spirit
running through all the reconstruction acts—
Congress has exercised the power contained in
them, on the assumption that there is an author-
ity vested in this-Government to cure every evil
resulting from the attempt of treason to destroy
it. And, sir, whether you draw that power from
the specific grant of the Constitution making
it the duty of Congress to guaranty to every
State in the Union a republican form of gov-
ernment, or from the aggregate of the powers
vested in this Government, which show it to be
truly national and clothed with all the inherent
powers of self-protection and self-preserva-
tion—draw it, sir, from where you may, it has
been assumed and exercised in the reconstruc-
tion acts; and it is unwise for us to anticipate
the exercises of that authority which we may
be possibly called upon to put forth. Sufficient
unto that day will be the evil thereof; and I
do not wish by the- adoption of this amend-
ment either to sanction what has been argued
to be contained in it, the implied power of
revoking a ratification, or to have it said that
this is the only ground upon which Congress
will declare that it will exercise this inherent
power of the Government to protect itself
agaiust probable or possible perfidy in the
States that may be admitted.
This would be a reason why I would vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri; but there is another reason. This
amendment declares that if the Legislature of
Virginia shall withdraw its ratification of the
fifteenth constitutional amendment, her rep-
resentatives shall be deprived of their places
in Congress and the State remitted to her con-
dition before the passage of the act. Now, sir,
the discussion has already elicited the fact that
there would be, in the event of that contingency
happening, a very wide difference of opinion as
to the power of Congress to make that provis-
ion effective. How wouldyou doit? The Sen-
ators would be here, the Representatives would
be in the other House. This act of Congress
would be upon the statute-book admitting Vir-
ginia to her representation. Would you expel
her Senators?" That would depend upon the
solution of the very question whieh we have
been discussing in advance, as to whether Con-
gress does retain that power after the State shall
have been admitted, and it might occur that one
branch of the Legislature of the country would
declare that they had that power and the other
branch declare that they had not, and thus we
should have the State represented in one branch
unrepresented in the other, and a statute upon
the book declaring her entitled to representation
which we might not be able to repeal.
Are we willing, sir, to place ourselves in a
position of that kind? Shall we anticipate
this question? Yea, more, Mr. President, is
it dignified in the Government of the Jnited
States to send down to the Legislature of Vir-
ginia a threat of this character, saying, " We
admit you as a State into our councils, but we
have no faith in your fidelity to the covenant
into which you enter by coming in, and we in-
tend, if you misbehave, to apply the lash of
correction which is contained in this act," and
that, too, sir, with a voice going out to the
country with it that the very power which
wields the ferule and is to apply the correction
is itself divided as to whether it can make it
effective or not ?
For these reasons, I think the amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri ought not
to be made a part of this act. I said when I
rose that I did not intend to discuss the gen-
eral questions that are made as to the admis-
sion of Virginia, for they have already been
taken up and discussed by other Senators upon
the floor, and I content myself with stating
these reasons why I shall vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I was about to inquire
whether it would be too late to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
