$584
THE' COlTCfRESSrONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
caused a requirement that the goodg of each
nation when carried in her shipB should come
in at the same rates its when carried "m ours,
or in those of the producing nation; ao, while
we were attempting to get reciprocity, and
while she was taking care to make only limited
exceptions in our favor of the articles gtowri
or produced oh her own soil, we gained the
carrying trade almost of the world; but which
result was largely owing to the wars of Na- 1
poleon. But by the going out of use of wooden '
ships, by the coming in of iron ships, the great
change in the necessity.for distribution of the
products of the world, in 1849 it became to her, i
advantage to have goods carried in her ships ;
to come into our ports at the same tateof duty ,
as in ours, and the English Parliament passed'
an act (12 and 13 Victoria) to accomplish that :
object, and we acceded to the proposition
because in 1817 we had passed an act which ,j
empowered the President, when any restric-
tions upon commerce were relieved by othef
nations, to proclaim a like leaving off of re:
stfictions here; so that our trade with Great
Britain became reciprocal by the enactnfiefit
of law only, and not by treaty or convention.
In 1869 the same thing took'place in regard
to Prance. Why did she then consent to it?
France kept on her discriminating duties until
it happened that we had no shipping and she
had a great deal; until she had three lines of
steamships to this country, and we had none to
hers. Then, of course, she was in favor of a
reciprocity which was wholly to her advantage.^
And we without reflecting upon our changed'
conditions, following the policy of 1817, agreed j
to that reciprocity of trade which was no longer
to our advantage, although the whole Condition :
of our commercial marine had changed.
Mark me, Mr. Speaker, the great superiority*
of Great Britain's shipping grew up under her
restrictive navigation laws; our great commer-
cial prosperity grew up under onr restrictive
navigation laws. Now we.have comparatively
few ships, and we are growing.daily to have
less substantially, because the average life of
wooden ship is only about ten years;' so that
unless we renew our ships once in every ten
years by building at least one tenth evCry year
of course our shipping must disappear.
Such being the condition of shipping, what
remedy can we provide? How can we stimu-
late a business which is dying out? The rem-
edy that I have proposed in my amendment, to
put on differential duties on goods imported in
favor of American bottoms, is the only one that
to my judgment at all meets the emergency.
Therefore, I have provided that Wherever we
are not precluded from so doing by treaty we
shall make a differential duty of twenty per cent,
of the tariff rate in favor of goods imported in
American wooden vessels, and twenty-five per
cent, if in American iron ships; so that the
whole of our own. carrying trade at least will
be done by ourselves. The precise percentage
named are not material, but are given to illus-
trate the principle, and are submitted to the
judgment of the House.
This differential duty in favor of odr ships
will apply at once to Great Britain in great
part, to France, to Spain, and to Portugal:
because with regard to those nations reciprocal
duties on goods stand upon law and not upon
treaty stipulations. With other nations we
have treaties on the subject which at present
restrain us from differential duties, Everv one
of those treaties, eJccept four—one with the
Argentine Republic which cannot be terminated
at all, and three others the time for terminat-
ing which has not yet arrived, and which are
of little commercial importance—the treaties
with every other nation can be terminated at
twelve months7 notice. They are all treaties
of navigation and commerce ; they are all con-
cessions by us and to us ; they all provide for
and foresee a peaceable and proper termina-
tion by either party at will, and they can all
be terminated in twelve months by giving no-
and their termination or denouncement,
as ia the technical terrtf, can give no more just
offense to either party than did the termina-
tion of the reciprocity treaty with Canada of
the denouncement of which we all now recog-
nize the polity,
The second section of my amendment, there-
fore, provides that at the end of twelve months
all these treaties shall be terminated, and then
all goods that come to this country shall have
twenty per cent, less rates of duties imposed
upon them if brought in American wooden bot-
toms, and twenty-five per cent, if brought in
American iron bottoms.
One reason why I ^propose to make a differ-
ettce upon importations in American wooden
bottoms arid American iron bottoms is that it
is more difficult and more expensive for us to
baild iron ships than wooden ships, and I de-
sire at the same time, while protecting Ameri-
can industry in shipping, to protect American
industry in iron-working; we can more nearly
compete in wooden vessels than in iron with
the ship-yards of other nations, and therefore
I propose to increase the differential duty in
favor of iron vessels. Another reason for
making this distinction is that iron vessels are
almost always steamers, not of heavy burden,
butof lighter draught'and greater speed. There-
fore all expensive goods are brought in iron
steamed; goods which require expedition ;
goods likely to be smuggled, because of heavy
duties and the tendency of a reduction of
duties is also to reduce smuggling. Therefore
it is better to have the greater reduction of
duties oh the higher classes of duties.
The effect of this discrimination, Mr. Speaker
and gentlemen, will be to set.every ship-yard
in the country in motion, to set every rolling-
mill in motion that can make iron for iron
ships, and to employ every American ship to
its fullest capacity. Every one will agree that
this will be the. result of such differential du-
ties. ■ There ia no occasion to pause a moment
to argue its effect, for everybody must see it.
There ia nothing against it in any treaty, aud
there is nothing against it in any law, because
we here make the law.
It only remains for ua to see if there is any-
thing against it in sound policy and sound
judgment. • Upon this question I pray the at-
tention of the House. What are' he objections
to it ? The first objection that will be taken is,
that other nations may retaliate. But as Great
Britain, Frataee, and Holland are doing the
carrying trade; of the world now, in what ways,
if at all, must they retaliate? First, by say-
ing that they will not allow our ships to carry
goods into their ports wiibout like differential
duties. Be it so; we have not ships enough to
do our own carrying. How can that injure us
or our shipping ?'
To illustratei each action will be equivalent
to my neighbor saying to me, "Why, sir, if
you do so and so your sheep shall not go into
my pasture.'1 Thai do## not frighten me any,
when I can reply, u I have no sheep." There
can be no retaliation there. There is no possi-
bility of retaliation in that direction. ■
How, then, can they retaliate? By refusing
to trade with us. I wish to God—and I trust
I speak with due reverence—they would. The
difficulty is that we now are suffering in this
country from over-trading and from over-im-
portations. If other countries would not send
us any of their surplus luxuries and manufac-
tures ; if there was a wall of fire around us, so
that the foreign superfluities could be shut out
from our people, it would, in my judgment, be
better for the prosperity of this country, be-
cause we import now more than we export,
and are selling our bonds at a discount to make
np the deficiency. The protectionist and the
high-tariff man, what other and higher and
better protection could he desire than the
refusal of England and France to trade in the
products of their labor with America?
Mr. LYNCH. Will it interrupt the argu-
ment of the.gentleman if I ask him a question
at this point?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly
not.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to ask the gentleman
ftom Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] if, in his
opinion, should we make thi3 discrimination
of duties upon goods imported in foreign ves-
sels, other nations will not make the same
discrimination against goods imported into
their ports in American vessels ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman says they
will.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
quite willing to assume that they will.
Mr. LYNCH. Assuming that to be the case,
will not the effect inevitably be that American
vessels will bring our imports into this coun-
try and will go back to foreign ports in ballast?
And vessels of foreign nations will come to our
ports in ballast and go back loaded with car-
goes of our exports. That will be the inevita-
ble effect. And will not that inevitably double
to the consumer the freights to be paid on car-
goes? And was not that the very result of
these restrictive laws and the reason for their
abrogation?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
question of my friend from Maine [Mr. Lyncii]
turns out to be an argument, but which I do
not complain that he has made. I should have
illy considered the subject which I present to
the House if I had not considered these objec-
tions he urges. In regard to the objection of
retaliation, I was upon that when my friend
from Maine interrupted me; and if my friend
would have listened he would have heard me
say how they could retaliate.
He says that other "nations will put a like
differential duty on our exports when they ar-
rive in their ports. Granted. What are our
exports substantially ? Cotton, breadstuff's, and
tobacco. Now, can England or France stand
a cotton famine ? How was it in the breaking
out of the rebellion ? Can either stand a bread
famine caused by their own differential duties?
HasnotEngland justbeen compelled to repeal
her own corn laws? Can she stand a tobacco
famine? By no means. Nearly one third of
her whole excise revenue is derived from
tobacco, and she will not keep it out. The
same is true of France and of Germany; there-
fore they cannot discriminate on anything which
we have to sell.
Now, for the answer to the other portion of
the gentleman's suggestions. When we take
twenty or twenty-five per cent, off our tariff
duties, we reduce so much the cost of the goods
to the consumer. The price of freight cannot
be raised above that reduction by discriminating
in favor of American vessels, because if that is
done then goods will come in foreign vessels
as before the discrimination. When that is
done there will be no occasion to discriminate
in fator of Ameriean vessels, because they are
to have only twenty to twenty-five per cent, of
the tariff duty in their favor. And the moment
that the price of freights exceeds the twenty or
twenty-five per cent., American vessels will not
bepreferred as carriers by the foreign importers.
Therefore, whatever the price of the freight
may be, the price of the goods to the consumer
eannotbe greater than they are under the pres-
ent tariff, with the present rate of freight in the
bottoms of foreign vessels.
Now, Great Britain cannot send her ships
here in ballast for the sake of taking our cot-
ton to her ports. Does not the gentleman know
that in all transportation, as well by water as
by land, the profit on freight is all made on
carriage one way ? The return cargo, as a rule,
hardly covers expenses. Cars come here from
the West laden with wheat, and long trains of
them go back empty. They go out from here
laden with goods, and almost as a rule they
comeback empty. One-way profits on freights
is the universal law of commerce. Profits on
freights are all made on one way._ Return car-
goes are taken at the lowest possible^ rates. _
Does the gentleman believe that British ships
