2640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
temporarily or for the present from your exer-
cise of powers outside the limits of the Consti-
tution, there is a permanent evil inflicted upon
the country; and yet the Senator from Wiscon-
sin yesterday made as the basis of his argument
in favor of fundamental conditions that the pre-
cedents you have set in the reconstruction meas-
ures—I had almost said the precedents that we
have set, but in them X have had no lot or
parcel—are to be followed and should be the
law of action of the Congress of the United
States in legislating with regard to the admis-
sion of these Stales.
Mr. President, let me go a little further in
suggesting to the Senate what there is in this
notion of following precedents. The other day
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumnek,]
availing himself of the opportunity offered by
the admission of the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Revels,] and availing himself of the
proclamation of the fifteenth amendment, spoke
of what precedents had established, of how
derelict we were or might be in our duty if we
failed to follow the precedents established by
ourselves upon the question of the admission of
these reconstructed States. The Senator from
Massachusetts went further and said, "Recon-
struction is imperiled if we do not do this
thing, if these people who are now clamoring
and asking for the establishment of civil gov-
ernment are not allowed to have it; Congress
is a high court of equity; the conscience of
Congress, of the members of the Senate and
House, is to determine what we may or may
not do; the Constitution is of no account; lay
it aside; take no note or care or consequence
of it; but do what as a high court of equity
and in our own consciences we may think we
should and ought to do." That was the sub-
stance of what he said.
Mr. President, I would now that the Senate
was full, as it very seldom is when one makes
a long speech, and that the country could hear
that your whole system of reconstruction from
beginning to end has been nothing more nor
less than the preservation, so far as you could
and so far as it seemed necessary, ofyour party
ascendency in certain States and of your con-
sistency with the original idea upou which you
started in reconstruction. It is said that if you
admit Georgia now and let her have repre-
sentation in Congress you are inconsistent with
your system and theory of reconstruction ; and
what is that? Why, sir, the ground is that the
conscience of the Congress is the only thing
to be consulted. Then, without saying how
much we might consult the consciences of indi-
viduals, in the aggregate wo should find the
powers of Congress limited, fixed, settled by
just whatever Congress chose to do. There is
where your whole system of reconstruction has
brought you, to the doctrine that Congress can
do just precisely whatever it pleases; and when
asked who shall say to them nay, who shall
object, gentleman point us to the fact that they
have a majority of two thirds or more in each
House of Congress, and they have the Admin-
istration, and they have a popular majority in
most of the States. If we ask by what right or
by what authority they do it the answer is, "We
do it because we have the power to do it." I
thoughtyesterday, when the Senator from Wis-
consin was addressing the Senate, that he might
have made a complete answer to all objections
that had been made to these measures by point-
ing to individual Senators and counting the
Senate, so far as we are concerned, and count-
ing the House in the other branch, and there
he would have shown us the power and the
right to do these things.
What is it, Mr. President, that is proposed
to be done? It is said, and for this precedents
are cited, that Congress has attached funda-
mental conditions to the admission of States.
But on looking at all those precedents which
are cited, when you come to read the very bills
themselves, or where the matter was left to a
proclamatior^of the President, when you come
to read the proclamations admitting those
States, you will find that in every instance
those States were admitted "upon an equal
footing with the original States in all respects
whatever."
The Senator from Wisconsin referred to
West Virginia as a case where there was a
fundamental condition attached to the admis-
sion of the State. What was it? That that
State should-not be admitted until the people
of the State changed their constitution. I
shall not detain the Senate by reading it; but
it was that until the people of that State, by
their convention, should change their consti-
tution in a certain respect they should not be
admitted, and that when the convention did
meet and did so change their constitution the
President might proclaim that change and the
consequent admission of the State. But in
both the law giving to the President the author-
ity to make that proclamation and providing
for the admission of the State, and in the
proclamation itself, it was provided that the
State should be, having done this, a State in
the Union upon an equal footing with all the
other States. There was nothing in the law to
require it; but the President, out of regard
ana respect to those traditions of the Govern-
ment which had come almost to be considered
as fundamental, did say iu his proclamation
that the State of West Virginia, having done
these things, should be a State in the Union
on an equal footing with the other States in
all respects whatever.
But, sir, I do not care to go into the discus-
sion of fundamental conditions as they are
called, because that question has been dis-
cussed in the Senate in regard to this bill over
and over again, except to say this much: I
have insisted that Congress cannot legitimately
and properly propose these fundamental con-
ditions, and 1 say farther that you now pro-
pose, not that the people of the State of Geor-
gia shall change their constitution, but that
this Legislature already elected, and to which
I shall refer directly, shall change it; and not
even in that respect do you regard the tradi-
tions of the Government, because you here say
yourselves what shall be the action of that
State, and what they may or may not do under
their own State constitution, in that regard
it may be suggested that the Bingham amend-
ment itself proposes to say what they may or
may not do ; but it is to be remembered that
under the Constitution of the United States wo
are bound to guaranty republican forms of
government to the States, and when the Legis-
lature of a State, as in this instance, has already
and before its admission given a construction
to its constitution that on all hands is conceded
not to be republican, we may then at once cor-
rect it and thereafter do as the emergency or
necessity may require.
The clause iu the constitution of the State
of Georgia which the Bingham amendment
is proposed to meet is, that the members of
the General Assembly elected shall hold their
offices until their successors are duly elected
and qualified. In ordinary times, consulting
individuals without reference to party ascend-
ency, party prejudice, party discipline, and
looking at it as a simple provision of the con-
stitution, who would not say that that provision
was there merely by accident, and why ? Be-
cause I believe there is not a constitution of a
single State in this Union which does not say
that ministerial, judicial, and executive officers
shall hold until their successors are elected
and qualified, and this provision in regard to
the Legislature obtained its presence in the
Georgia constitution merely by accident, fol-
lowing the provision that had been inserted in
relation to other officers in the constitutions
of the other States of the Union.
Now, why should Congress interfere by the
Bingham amendment? Because the constitu-
tion of any State that allows the legislative
body to prolong its existence, the constitution
of any State that allows officers—executive,
legislative, or judicial—to prolong their term
and continue in office, would be not republican
in form. But it is said that because this pro-
vision in this constitution allows this thing to
be done the Legislature may legitimately and
properly do it. And why? Because, as we have
it developed here, and for the purpose of pre-
serving the consistency of our' reconstruction
acts, they may do it, and wo will allow them
to do it. And that brings me to the argument
made—I do not know but that it was almost
inadvertently made, but certainly it was made,
and made without shame and without a blush—
that the Legislature of Georgia ought to have
the power of continuing itself in existence.
The Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
perhaps not so cautious as the" Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howahd,] and one or two
others, in discussing this question, has plainly
and simply pronounced upon this floor the fact
that construction of their constitution is neces-
sary, and that this Legislature ought to have
the power to continue itself for two years
longer, and to continue the State officers. And
all these amendments which have been pro-
posed I wiU'not say are subterfuges, but I may
say are for the purpose of finding out a middle
way by which they can escape the construction
put upon that constitution by the Legislature
of Georgia and at the same time preserve their
obligation to secure to that State a republican
form of government.
Each of them provides that for the present
this Legislature may continue; I think the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] is the last, and that requires them
to have an election in 1872 ; but every single
one of these amendments goes upon the idea,
and can be sustained upon no other, that there
is a political party necessity for keeping the
present Legislature iu power. Why? If the
individuals composing that Legislature or the
individuals filling the State offices are accept-
able to the people of Georgia, why gay that
they shall still remain two years, and the peo-
ple there shall not be allowed to hold an elec-
tion and elect others in their stead? If the
Republican party is in the ascendency in Geor-
gia, why interfere with their constitutional
provision in regard to the election of a Legis-
lature and State officers under their State or-
ganization ? Why interfere with it, and why
qot let them hold an election next fall ? Sir,
step out on the portico of this Capitol and you
will see the sua beaming in your face, and yet
it will be no plainer than the fact that you want
to continue this Legislature and the present
State organization of Georgia to keep your
party in power.
But, Mr. President, it is said that in pursu-
ance of and to preserve your consistency with
your reconstruction measures you should pro-
tect the loyal men of Georgia. Well, sir, after
four years, almost five, have not the American
people come to understand what you mean by
"loyal men," not only loyal down there but
loyal here ? While it would not have been par-
liamentary. for the Senator from Wisconsin
yesterday to have spoken of the Democrats, or
those on this side of the Chamber who do not
agree with the Senators on the other side, as
not loyal, yet he could not have expressed the
idea in plainer terms if he had said "Because
you do not act with us in this matter of recon-
struction you are not loyal." It is thought now
by a few that the American people can beheld,
controlled, and made to act in a'given direc-
tion because of the prejudicesandthe passions
and the animosities that existed years ago.
Senators rise on this floor and tell us what
humanity requires, and what ideas and theories
in regard to human rights would require us to
do ; and you tell us that because we do not
believe with you in those things we are dis-
loyal and unpatriotic! Mr. President, I know
there are butfew left who think that the Amer-
ican people can be held by such arguments as
those; but to them I would say that they are
counting without their host.' The American
people have too long borne the bardens of
