452.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
deceased husband. The material fact is that
she is loyal in act. Her conduct she could
control; and this she did. She is needy. The
deeds of her father and her husband are part
of the history of the country. • The pension
she asks to have restored is, in the opinion of
the committee, but a poor recognition of those
services which were of such a meritorious char-
acter as fully to uphold the grant she asks.
Justice as well as gratitude require, in the opin-
ion of the committee, that Congress should
relieve her indigence.
Mr. SWEENEY. If I can have attention I
hope to satisfy the House that the amendments
which I have proposed ought to be adopted.
If this question had been already considered
by Congress I do not know that I would under-
take to change the policy which might have
been established. Wot understanding, how-
ever, that Congress has determined upon any
policy with reference to the question involved
in this petition, I beg leave to suggest some of
the reasons which have actuated me in pro-
posing this amendment.
Mrs. Bybee's name was dropped from the
pension-roll by the Secretary of the Interior,
under the actof Congress of February 4, 1802.
It is important to consider what is the legal
effect of that enactment. The act provides—
"That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to strike from the
pension-roll the names of all such persons as have or
may hereaHertakeup arms against the Government
of tho United States, or who have in any manner
encouraged tho rebels or manifested sympathy with
their cause."
What is the legal effect of this enactment?
It is to suspend the payment of pensions to all
persons who may have participated in the late
rebellion. The language of the act is that
their names shall be stricken from the pension-
roll. No gentleman will undertake to say,
no gentleman can argue, that this law divests
any right which any pensioner of the Govern-
ment may have acquired, either under the gen-
eral law or any special law which may have
been passed by Congress granting a pension to
him. The object of the law was simply and
purely, during the existence of the rebellion,
to suspend the payment of pensions to pen-
sioners residing in any of the insurrectionary
States who took part in the rebellion. This
law, thus construed, has its sanction in inter-
national law and sound policy; but no one can
successfully contend that it divests pensioners
of their rights.
Mr. Speaker, tho House will bear in mind
that here was a pension granted as long ago as
185.1, and granted on account of the services
rendered by the husband of this old lady in the
war of 1812; and tho point I submit is that she
has exactly the same right to this pension as
any gentleman on this floor has to any property
he may own, no matter from whom he acquired
title, whether from the Government or an in-
dividual. When pensions are once granted
they are a vested right, and it is a right which
cannot be disturbed by the Government except
under provisions of law. Is not the case pre-
cisely the same as where the Government has
granted one hundred and sixty acres of bounty
land to one of its soldiers, or where the Gov-
ernment has granted lands to one of the rail-
roads of the country to aid in its construction ?
Now, will any gentleman pretend that after the
rebellion all these grantees will suffer a forfeit-
ure of the land which may have been granted
to them? It is a proposition which cannot be
maintained. Here is a vested right in this pen-
sioner which the Government cannot deprive
her of except by due course of law.
The construction I have given to this act of
Congress is precisely the same given to it by
the Secretary of the Interior. No actof Con-
gress has passed directing the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll the names
of those who were stricken off for participa-
tion in the rebellion ; yet it has been the prac-
tice of the Secretary, a practice sanctioned by
the Government, to restore the names of all
those who can take the oath which he has pre-
scribed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SWEENEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Are there any other
papers in this case than those upon the Clerk's
desk?
Mr. SWEENEY. There are no other papers
which belong to the case. There were some
other papers before the Committee on Invalid
Pensions in reference to this case which be-
long to the Pension Office.
Mr. MAYNARD. All the papers upon the
Clerk's desk seem to be the brief of the coun-
sel in the case.
Mr. SWEENEY. Before I get through I
mean to refer to all the facts in this case, so
that the gentleman may understand it fully.
Mr. Speaker, I was going on to remark that
the Pension Bureau has construed this law pre-
cisely as I have done ; that it does not divest
the right to a pension, but merely suspended
the payment during the rebellion. That con-
struction of the law may be sustained. It is
sound in principle and it is sound in public
law, because commercial intercourse is inter-
dicted between belligerents of one political
Power and the belligerents of another on the
ground that one is an enemy of the other, and
that money drawn from one belligerent and
carricd into the country of the other may be
used to the detriment of the country from
which it is drawn. This interdiction only con-
tinues during the war, and so it was intended ;
and such is the construction of tho act of Con-
gress, that the payment of pensions to pension-
ers residing in the insurrectionary States should
be suspended during tho rebellion. This con-
struction is to be justified, and has the sanction
of the Government, and any construction which
will make this law divest tho right of any pen-
sioner is in violation of the well-settled prin-
ciple of the Constitution, and cannot be main-
tained here or elsewhere.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SWEENEY. Certainly.
Mr. BENTON. If I understand the gentle-
man's position, it is that the pensioner has a
vested right in this pension.
Mr. SWEENEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENTON. Would not that restore all
the pensioners living in the insurrectionary
States ?
Mr. SWEENEY. I will come to that_ by
and by. Indeed, I am discussing that identical
question now. Before I get through this case
1 will give the special reasons why it should
have the special favor of Congress. But I hold
on principle that no man can bo divested of
any right, whether he shall have acquired that
right under an act of Congress or in any other
way—that no man can be deprived of any right
unless by provision of law enforced by the
judgment of a court.
Mr. BENTON. I would ask the gentleman
whether he believes that a man cannot by any
act of his own forfeit that right?
Mr. SWEENEY. I intended to consider the
point which the gentleman now suggests. A
man may forfeit the right. But how will he
forfeit it? He may forfeit it, sir, if he be guilty
of treason. If he be indicted and found guilty
by the courts of treason, then he may forfeit
and does forfeit the right, "during the life-
time," to use the language of the Constitution,
" of the offender.'' Gentlemen cannot say any-
thing that will convince me that by mere act of
Congress, without trial, without investigation,
any forfeiture can be incurred by any citizen of
this country. No, sir.
Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Bybee is now of the age
of seventy-five years. As the proofs show,
she is a daughter of John Adair, who was a
soldier of the revolutionary war, and after-
ward Governor of the State of Kentucky.
She was pensioned by the Government the
widow of Colonel Taylor, who was a soldier
in the war of 1812, and who was wounded in
that war and afterward died of his wound.
Now, this pension having been granted to Mrs. -
Bybee on account of the services of her hus-
band in the war of 1812, I ask on what prin-
ciple can she be divested of it, no matter what
may have been her conduct in reference to the
late war, by act of Congress, without trial?
On what principle, I say, can she be deprived
for any such reason of a pension granted to
her not on account of any merit in herself?
[Here the hammer fell.]
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The bill goes over until to-
morrow. This being the third Friday of the
month, and the hour of two o'clock having
arrived, the House, pursuant to order, resumes
the consideration of business reported by the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
CONVEYANCE or HEAL ESTATE.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back the bill
(H. It. No. 16S8) to simplify the conveyance of
real estate in the District of Columbia, which
had been returned from the Senate with certain
amendments, and moved that the House non-
concur in the Senate amendments, and ask for
a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
WESTERN PACIFIC IIAILROAD.
Mr. WAED. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment while 1 enter a motion to
reconsider ?
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WARD. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote whereby the House defeat-
ed the bill in relation to the Western Pacific
railroad.
Mr. WELKER. I do not recollect that the
gentleman voted in the negative on that bill.
Mr. WARD. I did vote in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to enter the motion.
The motion was accordingly entered.
JUDGES OP ELECTION.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, the bill (S. No. 048) amendatory of
an act approved February 5, 1867, and joint
resolution approved March 29, 1867, relative
to judges and commissioners of election in the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, District
of Columbia.
The bill was read. It proposes to amend
the act approved February 5, 1867, entitled
'•An act to punish illegal voting in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes," and
joint resolution approved March 29, J8G7s
entitled "A joint resolution relative to the
payment of expenses incurred by the judges
of election for the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, District of Columbia," so as to
prevent any officer or employe of the corpor-
ations of said cities of Washington and George-
town from serving either as a judge or com-
missioner of election ; and to provide that no
person who is a candidate for olhce at the time
shall serve as judge or commissioner of elec-
tion.
The bill was ordered to be read athiidtime:
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reeonsidcr the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOLIDAYS IN TIIB DISTRICT.
Mr. COOK. The Committee for the Dishki
of Columbia, to whom was referred a memorial
of bankers and business men of this District
asking that certain days be declared to be holi-
days, have instructed me to report a bill and
recommend its passage.
Accordingly, a bill (H. It. No. 2224) making
the 1st day of January, the 25th day of Decern-
