1870.]
APPENDIX .TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
68S
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
any person, haying made any new invention or
discovery for which a patent might have been
granted, dies before a patent is granted, the
right of applying for and obtaining the patent
shall devolve on his executor or administrator,
in trust for the heirs-at law of the deceased, in
case he shall have died intestate; or if he shall
have left a will, disposing of the same, then in
trust for bis devisees, in as full manner and on
the same ferms and conditions as the fame
might have been claimed or enjoyed by him in
Lis lifetime; and when the application shall be
made by such legal representatives, the oath
or affirmation required to be made shall be so
varied in form that' it can be made by them.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That any
person that has an interest in an invention or
discovery, whether as inventor, discoverer, or
assignee, for which a patent was ordered to
issue upon the payment of the final fee, but who
has failed to make payment thereof within six
months from the time at whieh it was passed
and allowed, and notice thereof wassenttothe
applicant or his agent, shall have a right to
make an application for a patent for such inven-
tion or discovery the same as in the case of an
original application : Provided, That the sec-
ond application be made within two years after
the allowance of the original application. But
no person shall be held responsible in damages
for the manufacture or use of any article or
thing for which a patent, as aforesaid, was
ordered to issue, prior to the issue thereof:
And provided futther, That when an applica-
tion tor a patent, has been rejected or wiihdrawn,
prior to the passage of this act, the applicant
shall have six months from the date of such
passage to renew his application, or to file a
new one ; and if he oftiit to do either, his appli-
cation shall be held to have been abandoned.
Upon the hearingof such renewed applications
abandonment shall be considered as a question
of fact.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That
every patent or any interest therein shall be
assignable in law, by an instrument in writing;
and the patentee or his assigns or legal repre-
sentatives may, in like manner, grant and con-
vey an exclusive right under his patent to the
wholeorany specified part of the United States;
and said assignment, grant, or conveyance shall
be void as against any subsequent purchaser or
mortgagee tor a valuable consideration, with-
out notice, unless it is recorded in the Patent
Office within three months from the date
thereof.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, That
every person who may have purchased of the
inventor, or with his knowledge and consent
may have constructed any newly invented or
discovered machine, or other patentable article,
prior to the application by the inventor or dis-
coverer for a patent, or sold or used one so
constructed, shall have the right to use, and
vend to others to be used, the specific thing so
made or purchased, without liability therefor.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of all patentees, and their
assigns and legal representatives, and of all
persons making or vending any patented article
for or under them, to give sufEcient notice to
the public that the same is patentee, either by
fixing thereon the word " patented," together
with the day and year the patent was granted;
or when, from the character of the article, this
cannot be done, by fixing to it or to the pack-
age wherein one or more of them is inclosed,
a label containing the like notice ; and in any
suit for infringement, by the party failing so to
mark, no damages shall be recovered by the
plaintiff, except on proof that the defendant
was duly notified of the infringement, and con-
tinued, alter such notice, to make, use, or vend,
the article so patented.
Sec. 30. And be it further enaeted, That if
any person shall, in any manner, mark upon
anything made, used, or sold byliim for Which
he^has not obtained a patent, the name or any
imitation of the name of any person who has
obtained a patent therefor, without the consent
of such patentee, or his assigns or legal repre-
sentatives ; or shall in any manner mark upon
or affix to any such patented article the word
"patent" or " patentee," or the words " let-
ters-patent,"_or any word of like import, with
intent to imitate or counterfeit the mark or
device of the patentee, without having the
license or consent of such patentee or his as-
signs or legal representatives ; or shall in any
manner mark upon or affix to any unoatent'ed
article the word "patent," or any word im-
porting that the same i3 patented, for the pur-
pose of deceiving the public, he shall be liable
for every such offense to a penalty of not less
than one hundred dollars, with costs; one
moiety of said penalty to the person who shall
sue for the same, and the other to the use of
the United States, to be recovered by suit in
any district court of the United States within
whose jurisdiction such offense may have been
committed.
Sec. 40. Andbeit further enacted, That any
citizen of the United States, who shall have
made any new invention or discovery, and shall
desire further lime to mature the same, may,
on payment of the duty required by law, file
in the Patent Office a caveat setting forth the
design thereof, and of its distinguishing char-
acteristics, and praying protection of his right
until he shall have matured his invention ; and
such caveat shall be filed in the confidential
archives of the office and preserved in secrecy,
and shall be operative for the term of oneyear
from the filing thereof; and if application shall
be made within the year by any other person
for a patent with which such caveat would in
any manner interfere, the Commissioner shall
deposit the description, specification, drawings,
and model of such application in like manner
in the confidential archives of the office, and
give notice thereof, by mail, to the person filing
the caveat, who, if he would avail himself of
bis caveat, shall file his description, specifica-
tions, drawings, and model within three months
from the time of placing said notice in the post
office in Washington, with the usual time re-
quired for transmitting it to the caveator added
thereto, which lime shall be indorsed on the
notice. And an alien shall have the privilege
herein granted, if lie shall have resided in the
United States one year next preceding the filing
of his caveat, and made oath of his intention
to become a citizen.
Sec.41. Andbeit further enacted, Thatwhen-
ever, on examination, any claim for a patent
is rejected for any reason whatever, the Com-
missioner shall notify the applicant thereof,
giving him briefly the reasons for such rejec-
tion, together with such information and ref-
erences as may be useful in judging of the j
propriety of renewing his application, or of I
altering bis specification ; and if, after receiv- I
ing such notice, the applicant shall persist in
his claim for a patent, with or without altering i
his specifications, the Commissioner shall order
a reexamination of the case.
Sec. 42, And be itfurther cnacted, That when -
ever an application is made for a patent whieh,
in the opinion of the Commissioner, would
interfere with any pending application, or with
any unexpired patent, he shall give notice
thereof to the applicants, or applicant and
patentee, as the case may be, and shall direct
the primary examiner to proceed to determine
the question of priority of invention. And the
Commissioner may issue a patent to the party
who shall be adjudged the prior inventor,
unless the adverse party shall appeal from the
decision of the primary examiner, or of the
board of examiners-in chief, as the case may
be, within such time, not less than twenty days,
as the Commissioner shall prescribe.
Sec. 43. And be Ufurther enacted, That.the
Commissioner may establish rules for taking
affidavits and depositions required in cases
pending in the Patent Office, and such affi-
davits and depositions may be taken before
any officer authorized by law to take deposi-
tions to be used in the courts of the United
States, or of the State where the officer resides.
Sec. 44. And be it further enacted, That the
clerk of any courtof the United States, for any
district or Territory wherein testimony is to be
taken for use in any contested case pending in
the Patent Office, shall, upon the application
of any party thereto, or his agent or attorney,
issue [a] subpena for any witness residing or
being within said district or Territory, com-
manding him to appear and testify before any
officer in said district or Territory authorized
to take depositions and affidavits, at any time
and place in the subpena stated; and if any
witness, after being duly served with such
subpena, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or
after appearing shall refuse to testify, the
judge of the court whose clerk issued the sub-
pena, may, on proof of such neglect or refusal,
enforce obedience to the process, or punish
the disobedience as in other like cases.
Sec. 45. Andbeit further enacted, That every
witness duly subpenaed and in attendance
shall be allowed the same fees as are allowed
to witnesses attending the courts of the United
States, but no witness shall bo required to
attend at any place more than forty miles from
the place where the subpena is served upon
him, nor be guilty of contempt for disobeying
such subpena, unless his fees and traveling
expenses in going to, returning from, and one
day's attendance at the place of examina-
tion, are paid or tendered him at the time of
the service of the subpena; nor for refusing
to disclose any secret invention or discovery
made or owned by himself.
Sec. 40. Andbeit further enacted, That every-
applicant for a patent or the reissue of a pat- i
ent, any of the claims of which have been twice
rejected, and ever.y party to an interference,
may appeal from the decision of the primary
examiner, or of the examiner in charge of
interferences,] in such case to the board of
exammers-in-chief, having once paid the fee
for such appeal provided by law.
Sec. 47. And be it further enacted, That if
such party is dissatisfied with tho decision of
the examiners in-chief, he may, on payment
of the duty required by law, appeal to the
Commissioner in person.
Sec. 48. And be it further enacted, That if
such party, except a party to an interference,
is dissatisfied with the decision of the Com-
missioner, he may appeal to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, sitting in banc.
Sec. 49. And be it further enacted, That
when an appeal is taken to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, the appellant shall
give notice thereof to the Commissioner, and
file in the Patent Office, within such time as
tho Commissioner shall appoint, his reasons of
appeal, specifically set forth in writing.
Sue. 50. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of said court, on petition, to
hear and determine such appeal, and to revise
the decision appealed from in a summary way,
on the evidence produced before the Commis-
sioner, at such early and convenient time as
the court may appoint, notifying the Commis-
sioner of the time and place of hearing ; and
the revision shall be confined to the points set
forth in the reasons of appeal. And after
hearing the case, the court shall return to the
Commissioner a certificate of its proceedings
and decision, which shall be entered of record
in the Patent Office, and govern the further
proceedings in the case. But no opinion or
decision of the court in any such case shall*
preclude any person interested from the right
to contest the validity of such patent in any
