1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4529
ber, the 4th day of July, and Thanksgiving day
holidays was received, and read a first and
second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
1st day of January, commonly called New
Year's day ; the 4th day of July, the 25th day
of December, commonly called Christmas day,
and any^ day appointed or rscommended by
the President of the United States as a day of
public fasting or thanksgiving, shall be holi-
days ; and for all purposes of presenting for
payment or acceptance or the maturity and
protest and giving notice of the dishonor of
bills of exchange, bank cheeks, promissory
notes, and other negotiable commercial paper
shall be treated and considered as is the first
day of the week, commonly called Sunday,;
and that_ all notes, drafts, checks, or other
commercial or negotiable paper falling due or
maturing on either of said holidays shall be
deemed as having matured the day previously.
Mr. PAINE. I did not notice whether this
bill applies only to the District of Columbia or
generally to all the United States.
Mr. COOK. The bill was drawn to corre-
spond with similar laws of States around the
District; the intention is that it shall apply
only to the District of Columbia.
Mr. DICKEY. Then the bill requires some
amendments.
The SPEAKER. As the bill now reads,
the Chair is of opinion that it is not specific-
ally limited in its operation to the District of
Columbia.
Mr. COOK. Then I move to insert the
words "in the District of Columbia" after the
word " that" where it first occurs.
The SPEAKER. The Committee for the
District of Columbia would have no right to
report any bill to-day except relating to busi-
ness for the District of Columbia.
The amendment moved by Mr. Cook was
then agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I move to further amend the
bill by striking out the phrases "commonly
called New Year's day, "commonly called
Christmas day," and "commonly called Sun-
day."
Mr. DICKEY. I hope that will not be done.
We of the Quaker extraction in Pennsylvania
call Sunday the first day of the week, and are
conscientious in so doing.
Mr. COOK. That phrase is also in accord-
ance with the laws of the States surrounding
the District.
Mr. HOAR. It seems to me that this Con-
gress would be justly an object of derision if it
should put into a grave statute such terms as
those I have moved to strike out.
Mr. DICKEY. I think not; there is a very
respectable denomination in my State, the
Seventh-Day Baptists, who do not regard the
first day of the week as the Sabbath day at all.
Mr. HOAR. That is not the point. If the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey]
will be kind enough to attend one moment he
will see that the bill docs not say "Sunday,
commonly called the first day of the week,"
but it says, " the first day of the week," and
then it adds " commonly called Sunday." Tt
seems to me that cannot be necessary.
Mr. DICKEY. I think it is commonly called
Sunday.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Hoar ; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] to yield to me to offer an
amendment.
Mr. COOK. What is'the amendment?
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to move to in-
sert the words "emancipation day1, after the
words "the 1st day of January."
Mr. COOK.- The 1st day of January is
already in the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. Itisin as" New Year's "
and not as "emancipation day."
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 284.
Mr. COOK. I cannot yield for that amend-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend the title by
adding thereto the words " in the District of
Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
assessment op taxes in washington.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back with an
amendment House bill No. 2106, to amend the
law regulating the assessment of taxes in the
city of Washington.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that it shall be the duty of all
officers of the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, now em-
powered by law to make assessments of taxes
upon the real estate therein, to file forthwith
in the office of the collector of taxes of said
city a transcript of such assessment! The sec-
ond section provides that it shall be the duty
of said collector in each year to embrace in the
tax books of the current year all taxes of every
kind then assessed and due upon or against the
real estate in said city, and including that of
the previous year then unpaid; and to collect
all taxes so assessed and certified as aforesaid
at his office in said city.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to add the following as new sections:
Sue. 3. Andbeitfurther enacted, Thatitshallnotbe
lawful for the mayor or city councils of tho city of
Washington, or any person charged with tho dis-
bursements of money in the Districtof Columbia, to
divert from its logitiuiato object any money levied or
collected astaxestrom tho people ot said District, but
all such taxes so loviod or collectcd shall be kept
separate and distinct, oach item under its own proper
head as named in the act or acts authorizing such
levy to bo made; and that 110 change whatsoever
shall be made by transfer of one fund to another, or
by paying out any sum or sums of money on account
of any object or purpose for which it was not loviod
or collected.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That in no case
shall the sum levied for tho general fund for miscel-
laneous purposes exceed twenty-five cents on the
$100 of valuation.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That any person
whoshall violate the provisions of this act shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in office, and bo
dismissed therefrom.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WECiKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
supreme court op the district.
On motion of Mr. COOK, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 491) relating to the
supremo court of the District of Columbia
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read
a first and second time.
The bill provides in the first section that the
several general terms and special terms of the
circuit courts, district courts, and criminal
courts, authorized by the act approved March
3, 1868, entitled "An act to reorganize the
courts in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes," which have been or may be
held, shall be, severally, terms of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia; and the
judgments, decrees, sentences, orders, pro-
ceedings, and acts of saidgeneral terms, special
terms, circuit courts, district courts, and crim-
inal courts heretofore or hereafter rendered,
made, or had, are to be deemed judgments, de-
crees, sentences, orders, proceedings, and acts
of said supreme court. But nothing herein
contained is to affect the right of appeal as
provided by law.1
The second section provides that the supreme
court of the District of Columbia shall here-
after consist of a chief justice and four associ-
ate justices; and for this purpose there is to
be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, an additional
justice of the court, with the like powers, to
take the same oaths, to perform the same
duties, and to receive the same salary as the
other associate justices of the court.
The third section enacts that whenever, at a
session of the court in general term held by
four of the justices, the court shall be equally
divided in opinion upon the question involved
in any cause argued or submitted to the court,
such division of opinion shall be noted upon
the minutes of the court; and thereupon, and
within four days thereafter, either party in such
cause may file with the clerk of the court a
motion in Writing to have such cause reargued
before the five justices ; and such reargument
or rehearing is to be had as soon thereafter as
conveniently may be.
Tho fourth section provides that all the
powers and jurisdiction by law now held and
exercised by the orphans' court of Washington
county, in the District of Columbia, shall here-
after be held and exercised by the justice hold-
ing the special term of the said supreme court
for that purpose, subject always to the same
provisions as are contained in the fifth section
of the act of Congress entitled "An act to reor-
ganize the courts in the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1863.
The fifth section proposes to abolish the
orphans' court of Washington county, District
of Columbia; and all laws and parts of laws
relating to that court, so far as the same are
applicable to the supreme court, are continued
in force in respect to the latter; all other laws
and parts of laws relating to the orphans' court
being repealed. But nothing in the act is to
be construed as abolishing the office of register
of wills for Washington county.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national junction railway.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent that
the Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
072) to amend an act incorporating the Na-
tional Junction Railway Company be taken
from the Speaker's table for consideration at
the present time.
Mr. BIRD. , I object.
message from tii13 president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his Secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed a joint resolution
and bills of the following titles, namely:
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 124) for the
relief of John M. Broome and others, the baud
of the twelfth Kentucky infantry ;
An act (H. R. No. 38) to establish a police
court for the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 785) to provide for fur-
nishing artificial limbs to disabled soldiers ;
" An act (H. R. No. 1238) to regulate the sal-
aries of chief justices and associate justices in
the Territories; and
An act (H. R. No. 2005) exempting from
taxes certain property in the District of Co
lumbia, and to amend the act to provide for
the creation of corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law.
prevention of cruelty to animals.
Mr. HAMILTON, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back a bill
(S. No. 785) to incorporate an association for
