1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1697
tame statement has been copied, with .large
additions, in newspapers of Ohio, Illinois, and
Indiana. I think it now incumbent upon me
to rise here and say that the charge is entirely
false. I have made no appointment outside
of my congressional district, nor have I ap-
pointed the son of any man who did not at the
time of the appointment reside in my district.
As I see the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs [Mr. Logan] in his seat noV,
I ask him whether there is before that com-
mittee any evidence to substantiate the allega-
tion against me ?
Mr. LOGAN. If there were any testimony
implicating the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] I would certainly decline to say
anything about it while the matter was under
investigation by the'committee ; bat in justice
to the gentleman I will, with the consent of
the House, make a single statement. One of
the witnesses, in the case of Mr. Whittemore
stated in hia evidence that Mr. Wood, of New
York, had made an appointment of a person
who did not reside in his district, naming the
same person whom the gentleman from New
York baa named, the son of General Gillmore.
Afterward that witness wrote a letter to the
committee correcting his evidence, saying that
he had ascertained on returning to New York
that be had made a mistake in his statement,
and asking leave to have his evidence cor-
rected in that particular. Hence the state-
ment was struck out of his testimony. That
is all there is of the matter.
Mr. WOOD. This correspondent most have
known, if he knew anythiug about the case,
that which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] has stated. I will add that, as we
extend the privileges of the reporters' gallery
to the representatives of the press, I hope mem-
bers of this House will not be held up to public
censure in eases where there is no gronnd or
justification for it whatever. I will only say
in conclusion that although I have been in
Congress ten or twelve years I have never
appointed to either the Military or the Naval
Academy any boy who did not at the time
reside in my district.
christina armel.
Mr. CESSNA. I enter a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House laid on the
table the bill (EL R. No. 616) granting a pen-
sion to Christina Armel.
pat of mail-boys, etc.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Appro-
priations, for consideration at the present time,
a joint resolution making a small appropriation
to pay certain mail-boys and folders connected
witn the House.
There being no objection,
Mr. LAWRENCE reported, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, a joint resolntion
(H. R, No. 182) making appropriations to
snpjjly deficiencies in the appropriations for
contingent expenses of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The snbjpine^ state-
ments in reference to the bill are from the propter
officers:
Statement of expenditure! of the Hoate of Repretexl-
• United State* for folding document*, t'a-
tlvding material , since the lit dag of July, 1865.
'?£ the fiscal year ending June 30,
J*®       $55,077 49
year ending June 30,
18W     76,176 30
iLo 6 ®sca' year ending June 30,
w186!- -    109,933 40
'ne fiscal year ending June 30,
   -  99,058 19
Appropiation for fiscal year ending
June 30,1870 $37,500
deficiency for game period  37.500
—— $75,000 00
^ , edward mephebson.
Clerk of the Home of Representative*.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 107.
S/afetnent tfthe expenditure* for folding document*, in-
cluding matenaU.for each month from July 1,1869,
to December 31,1869, tnc/utioe.
Jul* 52foldo,?7-Vi-  «5.847 17
2 speech folders  3 00
Materials  m 00
August .46 folders §5,202 91
1 speech folder  75
Materials  54 00
Septemb«r...46 folders  5,044 60
1 speech folder  3 00
Materials  51 00
October. 46 folders  5,130 75
Materials  480 90
5.961 17
5,257 66
5,098 60
November...47 folders  5,150 97
Materials   1,256 97
December ...06 folders  0,080 89
Material:)  1,756 39
Tax on pay of folder*   
Total  
5,611 65
an act (S. No. 221) for the relief of the sureties
oflsraelT.Canby, late receiver of public moneys
at Crawfordsville, Indiana; which was read a
first and second time, and, on motion of Mr.
Washburn of Massachusetts, referred to the
Committee of Claims.
j washington homeopathic medical society.
! The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 226) to incorporate the Washing-
i ton Homeopathic Medical Society; which was
j read a first and second time, and, on motion of
j Mr. Welker, referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
l'olly hunt.
Average pay of each folder per month, $107 11.
post office,
! ., housk op representatives,
W ashimoton, d. C., January 10,1870.
j dkar sir : In the appropriation bill for the fiscal
jrear ending Jane 30,1870,1 find there was no pro-
Vision made for payment of the salary of three
of the mail-boys" employed in this office. For
many years past there has been five mail-boys em-
ployed in this office, all doing the same work, all
receiving the same compensation, and all absolutely
required to perform the labor devolving apon them.
Three of these boys have, for some reason which I
cannot explain, been designated "temporary mail-
; boys.
It has been a great hardship for them to work for
1 months without compensation, and if the omission
. was made in the appropriation bill through misap-
prehension I trust the committee will remedy it m
the deficiency bill soon to be reported. The salary
of these mail messengers is $1,080 per annum.
Very truly, yours,
W. S. KING,
Portmatter Houte of llepretentatives.
Hon. hkhby L. dawes,
{ Chairman Committee on Appropriation*.
j I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
j tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill vw' passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
speaker's table.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the business
on the Speaker's table.
willamette collection district, oregon.
The first bill on the Speaker's table was
an act (8. No. 895) to establish the collection
district of Willamette, in the State of Oregon ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
iThe next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 425) to extend the time for the
completion ofthe lateral branch ofthe Baltimore
and Potomac railroad, authorized by the act
approved February 5, 1867, and to change the
location in the city of Washington, along the
bank oft,be canal; which was read a first and
second time, and, on motion of Mr. Welker,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
atjiaojuilng the sale of land.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S, No. 169) to authorize the sale or lease
of a certain piece of land in the city of Wash-
ington ; which was read a first and second time,
and, on motion of Mr. Welker, referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
israel t. canby,
The next business on the Speaker's table was
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an aet (S. No/260) for the relief of Polly Hunt,'
! administratrix, and George W. Hunt, adminis-
1! Orator ofthe estate of Walter Hunt, deceased;
 1 i which was read a first and second time, and, on
.$37,478 18 i motion of Mr. Myers, referred to the Committee
on Patents.
6,407 94
7,837 28
1,303 88
j acknowledgment of deeds,
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 234) relating to acknowledgment
of deeds or other instruments of writing in the
1 District of Columbia; which was read a first
| and second time, and, on motion of Mr. Welker,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
administration of oaths.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
. an act (S. No. 266) to authorize officers of the
Executive Departments to administer oaths in
certain cases; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. BANKS. I move that bill be put on its
< passage.
The bill was read. It provides that any officer
' or clerk of any of the Executive Departments of
ji the Government who shall be lawfully detailed
! j to investigate frauds or attempts to defraud on
:! the Government, or any irregularity or miscon-
duct of any officer or agent of the United States,
shall have power to administer oaths to affida-
vits taken in the coarse of any such investiga-
tion.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
paving in the district.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 399) to authorize the paving and
sewerage of M street, Washington, District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
: time, and referred to the Committee for die
District of Columbia.
national theological institute.
The next business on ftie Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 4l4y,dec1aring the construction
of an act to inco*porate the National Theolog-
ical Institute, approved May 10,1866, and also
an act to amend an act entitled "An act to in-
corporate the National Theological Institute,
and to define and extend the powers of the
same," approved March 2, 1867; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. WELKER. I move that it be referred
to the Committee fbr the District of Columbia,
and beg to state that it is the desire of the
friends of the bill that it should be so referred.
Mr. TWICHELL. After what the gentle-
man has stated I withdraw my motion.
The bill was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
washington mail steamboat company.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 480) to incorporate the Washing-
ton Mail Steamboat Company; which was read
