1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3585
arc to come herein ballast for the sake of carry-
ing back our cotton when our ships, having
brought her products, are ready to go back, as
he says, in ballast, and will take our cotton for
ballast? Is it possible? The question of my
friend from Maine would seem to imply that
he has not examined this subject with the care
which I have always found him to do, and
therefore expected from him. I am glad that
this objection to the working of my proposition
bas been started, so as to give me an oppor-
luuity to answer it. It reduces itself to this:
that when an American ship has come from
England, filled with English goods and landed
in the port of New York, there will come side
by side with her an empty English ship to take
back our cotton, when the American vessel
can just as well take it back, in spite of foreign
differential duties. The idea cannot be enter-
tained for a moment.
My friend is altogether mistaken a3 to the
traditional policy of this country when he says 1
that differential duties were abolished because !
they tended to raise freight. The traditional
policy of this country has been to get reciprocity
everywhere, in order to do the carrying trade ,
of the world. There has never been found any
rise in freights because of reciprocal duties.
On the contrary, the gentleman from Maine,
in suggesting this objection, runs counter to i
the whole of his argument upon the tariff for j
protection of other industries. His argument i
is. that in case of protection on manufactures i
you in fact make the manufactured article j
cheaper. Is it not just as good an argument j
that in case of protection on freight you make i
freight cheaper? Thus my friend will Bee— j
and I am very mnch obliged to him for calling
the attention of the House to this point so that
1 can answer it before I close—that the effect ,
will not be, as he anticipates, to diminish our
shipping will be seen from this: if the effect
were that the ships of each nation would always
go in ballast one way, then it would take just
twice as many ships to do the business of the
world as it now does, so that there would be
occasion for a double amount of shipping, of
which America would at least get her share. j
Again, I have heard an objection urged by j
my tariff friends, that by this the tariff will be |
reduced. I call the attention of gentlemen \
from Pennsylvania to this matter. The pro- !
posed reduction of the tariff is on the average |
twenty per cent, of its present rate. Now by I
this reduction the duty on the article of pig iron, :|
for instance, would be brought down to $7 80
per ton. There would be a similar reduction
on other articles. This reduction would tend
to satisfy those portions of the country who
desire the tariff to be reduced. I call the
attention of gentlemen from Pennsylvania to
this fact: if that State will link her tariff inter-
eats with the navigation interests of the country
in this form, so that the amount of differential j
duties shall afford protection to navigation by
this linking of the interests of navigation and
the protection of all kinds of labor, Pennsyl-
vania will have a steady and unvarying tariff.
Hence, in my judgment, this proposition of
mine tends in the direction of sustaining the
tariff for protection upon a just basis.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I have not examined the
proposition of the gentleman, and therefore I
am not prepared to speak upon it. I want sim-
ply to say that Pennsylvania is not specially
interested in the pig-iron question; that it is a
question for almost every State in the Union
from Oregon eastward to the coast of New
England. The iron interests of Pennsylvania
can live under any duty under which those of
Oregon or the States of the Mississippi valley
can sustain themselves.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I by no
means meant to infringe upon the State pride
of Pennsylvania, or her consciousness of self-
sustaining power. I was only using pig iron
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 225.
as an illustration to show how this reduction
would operate. I desire the same protection
for Pennsylvania interests that I do for any and
every other interest. I have, by my votes in
this House, endeavored to bring about such a
tariff as will be stable, permanent, and just to
all the interests of the country. No other can
stand for a day. With these reductions of
twenty and twenty-five per cent, in favor of
American shipping we can bring the tariff into
a stable relation to the business of the country,
while the price of the production to the con-
sumer will be reduced, and increased value will
be given to the shipping of the country.
When once commerce, navigation, and man- ;
ufacture have struck hands, when by cheapen-
ing freights abroad, because when our ships
come over here with English goods at high
freight they can carry back American wheat i
cheaply—I say, when those three great Ameri- :
can interests have struck hands, and as a
result transportation has been cheapened to
the productions of our agriculture, then we >
shall have a staple tariff judiciously operating
on all industries and every business alike. If
gentlemen will examine this matter they will
find that this differential duty upon goods in
American ships aid all these interests of the
country, which, indeed, must go hand in hand :
to maintain prosperity. 1
This is a measure of vast importance. It
will be a declaration to the world, Mr. Speaker,
that the United States of America have come
to the conclusion to set up for themselves, to
have our own navigation laws, to carry our
own goods in our own way in our own ships;
that we are 110 longer the dependent colonies
which in 1790 sought concessions from the
commercial nations of Europe. By it we as-
sert our claim to be the great money center,
the great producing center, the great consum-
ing center, the great manufacturing center of
the world, and as such we propose that our own
ships shall do our own work and receive the
benefit of their labors.
There is one other thing, if I might speak
for a moment to the feelings, having so far
addressed the judgment of the House. There
will be one good thing accomplished by this
measure dear to every American heart. Great
Britain has now the carrying trade of the world
because by her navigation laws, by her iron
ships, by her Alabamas manned by rebels
and encouraged and sustained by her, she has
wrought destruction upon our commerce. This
bill, taking our own commerce into our own
hands, takes that much of that carrying trade
from her. By this deprivation we shall build
up our own languishing navigation interests
which she did so much to cripple and destroy.
There is a poetic as well as statesmanlike jus-
tice in this. At the expense of her merchants,
who fitted out the "290" the Alabama, and other
rebel piratical cruisers which so long preyed
upon our commerce, our shipping interests
will be reversed and brought to their, pristine
importance and productiveness. With the
exception of a portion of the steamers running
between this country and Europe she has
nearly the whole of our carrying trade. By
this protection of American navigation, this
exhibition of American statesmanship, this pro-
mulgation of American power, we will retake
from Great Britain what she has taken from us.
Now, Mr. Speaker, when this bill comes up
for action I give notice I shall move the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the third and fourth
sections of the bill as reported by the Com-
mittee on the Decline of American Commerce:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That after the
1st day of October, in the year 1870, all goods and mer-
chandise upon the importation of which the United
States are not prohibited by treaty from imposing
discriminating or differential duties shall be charged
a rate of customs duties when imported in American
wooden vessels twenty per cent, less, and in Amer-
ican iron vessels twenty-five per cent, less, than if
imported in a foreign vessel. „ .
Sue. —. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States be. and hereby is, author-
ized and requested to givenotice to each nation hav-
ing conventions or treaties of commerce with the
United States which prohibit the imposition of dis-
criminating or differenti.il duties upon imported
goods or merchandise, and which are terminable
upon notice, that said treaties respectively shall term-
inate at the expiration of such notice, and therc-
alterward all goodsand merchandise, the product
of such nations or imported therefrom, shall havo
such reduction of customs duties when imported from
foreign ports in American wooden or iron vessels,
respectively, as hereinbefore provided.
i Mr. CALKIN. Mr. Speaker, the chairman
of the committee, [Mr. Lynch,] who presented
this report and occupied the attention of the
House on the bill now before us for consider-
| ation, has said almost all that can be said on
| this subject in support both of the bill and the
report of the committee. I am glad, sir, that
the question of transportation and of the carry-
: ing trade is becoming, as it deserves to be, an
important one before the country. I am, how-
ever, forced to believe, from the evidence I
have had during the investigation of our com-
mittee, and frotn my study of this subject, that
the men who will occupy our places hereafter
will give more time to the consideration of the
; carrying trade than what this House has given
« to it. They will look more closely to any
1 report on the subject than we have to the report
of our committee.
It was well said by my colleague, [Mr.
Wood,] that this was not a question of com-
merce. It is not a question of commerce ; it
is a question of transportation, or a question
of carrying. And the fact stares us in the
face, which has been admitted by every gen-
tleman who has spoken, and by every news-
paper all over our land, that England, France,
and Germany are carrying away from us our
products, and carrying to us their merchan-
dise and carrying to us their emigration—the
people of those countries that are leaving
Germany, France, England, and Ireland, and
coming over to us in German, French, and
English ships ; whereas they once came here
under the American flag and in American
bottoms.
As I have stated, Mr. Speaker, the question
of transportation is one of very great iiuport-
■ ance to us. And the committee have gone ftir-
1 ther than merely to consider the transporta-
tion of goods and merchandise crossing the
, Atlantic ocean. They have also endeavored
by this bill which they have reported to aid
the transportation upon our coasts, upon our
| rivers, and upon our lakes. This bill I desire
that gentlemen who represent the western
States should understand distinctly, as has
i already been stated by one of the members of
j the committee, [Mr. Wells,] protects the ship-
builder upon the waters of the lakes and rivers
! of the West as well as it does the builder upon
the waters of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
I cannot enter fally into this important sub-
ject, as I have only half an hour allotted me.
But I would say that I wish every gentleman
here within the sound of my voice, before
going to his home this evening, to send to the
document-room and procure a copy of the com-
mittee's report. I wish that gentlemen would
look into that report and examine it closely.
The chairman of the committee has stated
that he intends to call the previous question
to-morrow, and I would like to have every
gentleman read this report and scrutinize the
merits of this bill, sitting quietly in his home,
so as to arrive at a conclusion each for him-
self how he shall vote to-morrow. I feel con-
fident that if members will do this and examine
the facts and conclusions presented by the
committee, they will vote to do something to
relieve the interests of ship-building, trans-
portation, and trade.
As regards the sentiments expressed in that
report, I desire to say a single word with refer-
ence to the way in which the committee dis-
charged its duties. They visited New York,
Boston, and Portland, so as to reach as far as
possible the varied interests involved in this
question. They afterward visited the city of
! Philadelphia. They did not invite certain
I particular gentlemen to come before them;
