1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5473
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is. It is subject to a demand for the regular
order, the morning business not having yet
commenced.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask to have the Duluth
bill taken up.
Mr. FOWLER. I insist on the morning
business.
Mr. HARLAN. Has the Duluth bill been
acted on this morning?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been.
Mr. HARLAN. As I was the cause of its
going over, I should be glad if it could be
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sonatorfrom
Tennessee has demanded the regular order,
which is the morning business.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of
Anguish M. Simmons, of Alabama, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WARNER. I also present the petition
of the bar of Montgomery, Alabama, praying
for the passage of an act to remove certain cir-
cuit court jurisdiction from the United States
district court in Alabama, in order that the cir-
cuit court business may be transacted before
the circuit judge. The petition is very short,
and I ask to have it read; and I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Stales :
The undersigned, members of the bar in the mid-
dle judicial district of Alabama, respectfully petition
for the passage of an act to remove circuit court
jurisdiction from the United States district court in
Alabama, in order thatthecircuit court businessmay
bo transacted beforo thecircuitjudge. The arrange-
ment nnrr existing in Alabama in this respect is ex-
ceptional, and we believe that no good reasons can
b# given lor its continuance.
Tha docket of the circuit court of Mobile, prcsidod
over by circuit Judge Woods, shows but forty cases.
There are on the circuit courtdocketat Montgomery
three hundred and twenty eases awaiting trial before
(lie district judge, who has held court at Montgomery
for both district and circuit business but twenty-nino
days in the last three years.
Your petitioners believe that it will not be found
too laborious for tho circuit, judgo to hold a, second
court in Alabama besides that now provided for at
Mobile, and that the existing law should bo so
changed as to make the jurisdiction of these courts
in Alabama the same as in other States.
Mr. WARNER. I move that the petition
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of M.
L. Davis,praying the adoption of a time- demand
currency and free banking system devised by
him ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. ROSS presented the petition of Jesse
Connell and Barrett S. Johnston, praying to be
allowed the sum of $4,205 30 for corn fur-
nished for the use of the Army in 1802, pay-
ment for which was refused by reason of non-
performance of contract; which was referred
to tho Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
Charles L. Thompson, guardian of the minor
children of William S. Thompson, deceased,
late an engineer on the iron-clad Atlanta, pray-
ing that a pension be allowed his wards; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Adam D.
Myers, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of_George
Chorpenning, praying tho passage of an act
iequiring the settlement of ins accounts for
extra services in carrying the mails between
California and Salt Lake from 1851 to 1858;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That James Kngoldsby have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the flies of
the Senate.
41st Cong. 2b Ses.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 2404) to amend section
four of the act of March 31, 18C8, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of June 27, 1870, inform-
ation in relation to the proceeds of the sale of
abandoned lands under the act of June 7, 18G2 ;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
KEOKUK SOLDIERS' MONUMENT.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred tho joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 322) authorizing the Secretary
of War to transfer to Keokuk, Iowa, condemned
ordnance for the ornamentation of the soldiers'
cemetery at that place, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment. This is a
national cemetery, and the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Howell] desires to have it put on its
passage at once. 1 presume there will be no
objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of War to transfer from the most con-
venient pointto Keokuk,Iowa, such condemned
ordnance as he may deem proper, to be used
in the ornamentation of the soldiers' cemetery
at that city.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
F. A. CONWELL.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1902) for the relief of Francis A. Con-
well, have had tho same under consideration,
and directed me to report it back and recom-
mend its passage. It has passed the House of
Representatives already, and 1 ask that it- may
be put on its passage now. It is accompanied
by a written report.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides for the payment to Francis
A. Conwell of the full pay and emoluments of
a chaplain of the first regiment Minnesota vol-
unteers, from the Gth day of May, 186-t, to the
27th day of July, 18G5.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
tho third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Senate
to conclude a bill that was partly passed upon
by the Senate the other night. Objections were
made by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Har-
lan,] and I am willing to accept the amend-
ments that he has proposed, and there will bo
no further objection to the bill. It is a bill
for the Territory of New Mexico. 1 only do it
at the instance of the Delegate from that Ter-
ritory.
Mr. DAVIS. I insist on going through with
the morning business.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1050) for the relief of the third Arkansas cav-
alry, have had the same under consideration,
and have instructed me to report it back with
a recommendation that it pass, and I ask for
the immediate consideration of the bill. ^
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, which provides
for granting the same bounty to the enlisted
men of the third Arkansas cavalry who were
mustered out of the service on the 22d day
of May, 1865, as is allowed all other soldiers
enlisted for three years or during tho war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed lor a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RAILROAD AT PENSACOLA. ,
Mr. OSBORN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 24G) granting the right of way
to the Pensaeola and Barrancas Railroad Com-
pany through the naval and military reserva-
tions near Pensaeola, Florida, have instructed
me to report it back favorably. I ask for its
immediate passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Comnjittee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider tne joint resolution. It proposes to grant
the right of way to the Pensaeola and Barran-
cas Railroad Company to construct their road
upon and through the naval and military res-
ervations near Pensaeola, Florida, under such
regulations, restrictions^ and conditions as the
Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of
War may prescribe.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Has that been referred
to the War and Navy Departments ?
Mr. OSBORN. The Secretary of War has
written a letter giving acceptance to the terms
proposed; and I consulted tho Secretary of
the Navy in person, showed him the bill, and
it is exactly in compliance with his wishes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Those Departments are
acquainted with the matter, and make no objec-
tion ?
Mr. OSBORN. It is entirely satisfactory
to them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then, of course, I make
no objection.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MOBILE AKD PENSACOLA RAILROAD.
Mr. WARNER, The Committee on Public
Lauds, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1011) to aid in the construction of the Mobile
and Pensaeola railroad, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment; and as this
is a model railroad bill, granting only six sec-
tions of land to the mile, with no power to
make up deficiencies, and with a limitation of
sales at $2 50 an acre to actual settlers only,
I ask for its present consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make a report.
I do not like to interfere with anything.
Mr. WARNER. This will take but a mo-
ment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 1011) to aid in the construction
of the Mobile and Pensaeola railroad.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOWLER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of the heirs of Captain Joshua Cham-
berlain, deceased, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 1055) for the relief
of the heirs of Captain Joshua Chamberlain,
deceased.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. ft.
No. 1218) for the relief of William P. Emery,
late captain fifty-eighth United States aolored
infantry, reported adversely thereon, and the
bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Ofiices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Robert Baldwin, praying com-
pensation for services rendered in carrying the
mail from Louisville, Kentucky, to St. Louis,
Missouri, under a contract with the postmaster
at Louisville, Kentucky, in 1805, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILLEY. The bill (H. It. No. 23G1)
for tho relief of the heirs of Jethro Wood, the
inventor of the modern plow, was referred '■
