54:74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
few days ago to the Committee on Patents.
After the most vigilant endeavors I have been
unable to get that committee together. I have
examined the papers, and I think I am author-
ized to move that the committee be discharged
from the farther consideration of the bill, and
that it be placed on the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign .Relations, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing petitions, memorials, messages, and res-
olutions, asked to be discharged from tlffeir fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to :
The petition of Stephen S. Hatch, praying
that measures be taken for the release of Davis
Hatch, imprisoned by the Dominican Govern-
ment, and that he be indemnified for his losses
and sufferings in conseauenee of such impris-
onment;
Three petitions of G. Cluseret, who has been
expelled from Prance, praying such action by
Congress as will secure to every American citi-
zen while abroad, under any circumstances, a
fair hearing and trial of hia cause;
A petition of Caroline II. Wright, praying
compensation for services rendered by her hus-
band, Joseph A. Wright, as commissioner of
the United States to the international indus-
trial exhibition held in the city of Hamburg in
18C? ;
The petition of Louis Goldstone, praying
compensation for services rendered ia the
exploration of what is known as the jurisdic-
tion of the Russian American Pur Company,
resulting, ashealleges, in the acquisition of the
territory of Alaska;
A petition of citizens of the United States,
praying a treaty of reciprocity with the Cana-
dian provinces;
A petition of John D. D. Rosset, praying
Congress to pass a bill providing for an inter-
national congress of republican nations ;
A petition of'C. Hansen, praying that Con-
gress take the necessary steps to enforce his
rights under a certain treaty between the king-
doms of Prussia and Denmark;
A memorial of the Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco, praying that the mission to
China be made in every respect equal to any
other first-class mission;
A memorial of W. S. liosecrans, praying the
enactment of a law for the promotion of com-
merce and amity between the people of the
United States and of Mexico, by encouraging
the citizens of the United States to aid Mexico
in the development of her resources;
A memorial of the American Atlantic Cable
Telegraph Company of New York, protesting
against granting to foreign corporations any
concessions for telegraphic purposes until like
concessions are granted by foreign Govern-
ments to American companies ;
A memorial of the American Cable Com-
pany, praying a grant of money to aid in laying
a cable to the Azores islands from New York;
and from said islands by one branch to Lisbon,
Portugal, and by another to Land's End and
London, England; and from Laud's End to
Havre and Amsterdam ;
A memorial of William Cornell Jewett, pray-
ing that the workings of the French cable on
American soil bo suspended until France au-
thorizes the landing of an American cable on
French soil;
A memoiial of Caleb Lowe, of Chicago, Illi-
nois, piaying the passage of an act making
provision for the payment of his claims for dep-
redations committed by vessels of France be-
tween and during the years 1793 and 1801, or
that he be restored to his remedy against France;
A memorial of Jos6 N. Casanova, a citizen
of the United States, setting forth the indig-
nities received by himself and brother at the
hands of the Spanish Government in Cuba,
and asking the interposition of the Government
in their behalf;
A message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of December 8, 1869,
information relating to the presence of Hon.
William McDougall at Pembina, in Dakota
Territory, and the opposition by the inhabit-
ants of Selkirk settlement to his assumption
of the office of Governor of the Northwest
Territory;
A message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, correspondence be-
tween the United States and Great Britain
concerning questions pending between the two
countries since the rejection of the claims con-
vention by the Senate;
A message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, information in rela-
tion to the passage of any English or Canadian
steamer through the canal of the Sault Ste.
Marie;
A message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of Februrary21,1870,
correspondence relating to the imprisonment
of Mr. Davis Hatch by the Dominican Gov-
ernment ;
A message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, the correspondence
of Charles E. De Long, minister resident of
the United States to Japan, relating to Amer-
ican interests in that country;
Resolutions adopted at a meeting of Israel-
ites held in the city of Indianapolis, Indiana,
on the 2d of June, 1870, in reference to the
massacre of the Jews in the province of Rou-
mania, and praying the interposition of this
Government in their behalf;
Resolutions adopted at a meeting of Israel-
ites of the city of Memphis, asking immediate
relief for the persecuted Jews in the province
of Roumania;
A resolution of Mr. Chandler for the appoint-
ment of commissioners or diplomatic agents to
open negotiations with the people of Winnipeg,
with a view to the annexation of that district
of country to the United States; and
A letter of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate; a report of the chief of engineers
upon the military importance of San Juan
Island.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred additional papers
in relation to the claim of Jane D. Mumford
for a pension, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to make a
report to be recommitted. The Committee on
Public Lands have had under consideration the
bill (S. No. 738) granting lands to the Kansas
City and Memphis Railroad Company. The
committee think that it cannot be considered
at this session, although they are very favorable
to the bill, and have made several amendments
to it. I move that it be recommitted to the
committee, in order that it may be reported at
the next session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I present the testimony
taken by the joint select Committee on Re-
trenchment, under the resolution of the Senate
of May 28,1870, relative to contracts lor steam-
machinery and settlements thereunder. I am
directed to move that it be printed and re-
referred to the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am also directed to ask
that the expense of this investigation be charged
to the general contingent fund on account of
the Committee on Naval Affairs; and I there-
fore present the items and move that they be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
who can attend to the matter in one of the
appropriation bills.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN MOtiTQOMEIty.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate now
to take a vote on Senate bill No. 574. I will
offer an amendment to it, which will obviate
all objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I insist npon the morning
business. „
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky insists on the morning business,
which has precedence.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John
Montgomery, have instructed me to report a
bill for his relief, accompanied by a written
report. I should like to have the bill passed
now, as it is recommended by the quarter-
master's department.
The bill (S. No. 1056) for the benefit of John
Montgomery was read, and passed to a second
reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider this bill now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us hear the bill read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Beit enacted,&e„ Thatthereshallbe, andisbereby,
appropriated to John Montgomery, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, th.e sum
of $2,917 17.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What for?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report
accompanying the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill ought to state
something about the claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Secretary will read the report.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
John Montgomery filed his petition, setting forth
the taking possession of his tavern-house and prem-
ises by the United States army, under General Run-
yon, early in the late war of rebellion, and the use
and destruction of a considerable portion, and the
prohibition of the further transaction of his business
by the generalin command, for all of which he claims
a large sum as compensation.
The premises are situated on the Virginia side of
the Potomac river, at the end ,of the Long Bridge.
Immediately after the property was taken possession
of by General Run yon, the commanding general or-
ganized a board to go upon the premises, examine
them, hear evidence, and assess the damages of tho
petitioner. The investigation seems to have been
carefully made, and the commission made a detailed
roport comprehending all tho items, as well rejected
as admitted, by general schodule. The commis-
sioners rejected the items in all the schedules but
that marked II, which they recommended to be paid,
and which tho War Department refused to pay,
because there wasno law which gave it the authority.
Tho petitioner was not satisfied with the decision
of the commissioners 
Mr. HOWARD. I think that is one of those
claims which give rise to endless debate, and
I shall be compelled to object to it.
Mr. SCOTT. Let me appeal to the Senator
from Michigan to withdraw his objection. This
bill has been heretofore considered and passed
in the Senate after discussion, and failed in the
House simply for want of time. The claim has
been rejected with the exception of $2,900,
which is recommended by the quartermas-
ter's department after-investigation by a board
detailed for the purpose.
Mr, HOWARD. Where did tho claimant
reside at the time the damages were done him?
Mr. SCOTT. At the time the damages were
done him he resided at the other end of the
Long Bridge, but is now a resident of Penn-
sylvania, well known to me, and I am entirely
satisfied that the portion of the claim that is
now recommended is meritorious and just, and
not within any of the exceptions heretofore
made.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT, If there be no
objection the bill will be considered as read
the third time———
Mr. WILSON. I think the bill ought to be
ameuded if it ia to pass now.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say a word about
that claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
befsre the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SAWYER. It is safe to say that there
are hundreds ot claims having exactly as much
merit as that, some of which have been pre-
sented to Congress and reported adversely upon
and others reported favorably upon. There ia
