684
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
court wherein the same may be called iu
question.
Sec. 51. And be it further enacted, That on
receiving notice of the time and place of hear-
ing such appeal, the Commissioner shall notify
all parties who appear to be interested therein
in such manner as the court may prescribe.
The party appealing shall lay before the court
certified copies of all the original papers and
evidence in the case, and the Commissioner
shall furnish it with the grounds of his decis-
ion, fully set forth in writing, touching all the
points involved by the reasons of appeal. And
at the request of any party interested, or of
the court, the Commissioner and the examiners
may be examined under oath, in explanation
of the principles of the machine or other thing
tor which a patent is demanded.
Seu. 02. And be it further enacted, That
whenever a patent on application is refused,
for auy reason whatever, either by the Com-
missioner or by the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia upon appeal from the Com-
missioner, the applicant may have remedy by
bill in equity; and the court having cognizance
thereof, on notico to adverse parties and other
due proceedings had, may adjudge that such
applicant is entitled, according to law, to re-
ceive a patent for his invention, as specified in
his claim, or for any part thereof, as the facts
in the case may appear. And such adjudica-
tion, if it be in favor of the right of the appli-
cant, shall authorize the Commissioner to issue
such patent, on the applicant filing in the
Patent Office a copy of the adjudication, and
otherwise complying with the requisitions of
law. 'And in all cases where there is no oppos-
ing party a copy of the biJl shall he served on
the Commissioner, and all the expenses of
the pioeeeding shall ho paid by the applicant,
whether the final decision is in his iiivor or not.
Skc. 53. And be it farther enacted, That
whenever any patent is inoperative or invalid,
by leason of a defective or insufficient speci-
fication, or by reason of the patentee claiming
as his own invention or discovery more than he
had a right to claim as new, if the error lias
arisen by inadvertence, accident, or mistake,
and without any fraudulent or deceptive inten-
tion, the Commissioner shall, on the surrender
of such patent and the payment of the duty
required by law, cause a new patent for the
same invention, and in accordance with the
corrected specification, to be issued to the pat-
entee, or, iu thecase of his death or assignment
of the whole or any undivided part of the ori-
ginal patent, to his executors, administrators,
or assigns, ior the unexpired part of the term
of the original patent, the surrender of which
shall take effect upon the issueof theamended
patent; and the Commissioner may, in his dis-
cretion, cause several patents to be issued for
distinct and separate parts of the thing patented,
upon demand of the applicant, and upon pay-
ment of (he required fee for a reissue for each
of such reissued letters-patent. And the spe-
(.ificationsand claim in every such case shall be
subject to revision and restriction m ihe same
manner as original applications are. And the
patent so reissued, together with the corrected
specification, shall have the effect and opera-
tion in law, ou the trial of all actions for causes
thereafter arising, as though the same had been
originally filed in such corrected form ; but no
new matter shall be introduced into the spe-
cification, nor in case of a machine patent shall
the model or drawings be amended, except
each by the other; but when there is neither
model nor drawing, amendments maybe made
upon proof satisfactory to the Commissioner
that such new matter or amendment was a part
of the original invention, and wasomiited from
the specification by inadvertence, accident, or
* mistake, as aforesaid.
Sec. 54, And be it further enacted, That
"whenever, through inadvertence, accident, or
mistake, and without any fraudulent or decep-
tive intention, apatenteehas claimed more than
that ofwhich lie was the original or first.inventor
or discoverer, bis patent shall be valid for all
that part which is truly and justly his own, pro-
vided the same is a material or substantial part
of the thing patented; and any such patentee,
his heirs or assigns, whether of the whole or
any sectional interest therein, may, ou pay-
ment of the duty required by law, make dis-
claimer of such parts of the thing patented as
he shall not choose to claim or to bold by vir-
tue of the patentor assignment, stating therein
the extent of his interest in such patent; said
disclaimer shall be in writing, attested by one
or more witnesses, and recorded in the Patent
Office, and it shall thereafter be considered as
part of the original specification to the extent
of the interest possessed by the claimant and
by those claiming under him after the record
thereof. But no such disclaimer shall affect
any action pending at the time of its being filed,
except so far as may relate to the question of
unreasonable neglect or delay in filing it.
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted, That all
actions, suits, controversies, and cases arising
under the patent laws of the United States shall
be originally cognizable, as well in equity as at
law, by the circuit courts of the United States,
or any district court having the powers and
jurisdiction of a circuit court, or by the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, or of any
Territory; aud the court shall have power,
upon bill in equity filed by any party aggrieved,
to grant injunctions according to the course
and principles of courts of equity, to prevent
the violation of any right secured by patent, on
such terms as the court may deem reasonable ;
and upon a decree being rendered in any such
case for an infringement, the claimant [com-
plainant] shall be entitled to recover, in addi-
tion to the profits to be accounted for by the
defendant, the damages the complainant has
sustained thereby, and the court shall assess
the same or cause the same to be assessed under
its direction, and the court shall have the same
powers to increase the same in its discretion
that are given by this ac* to increase the dam-
ages found by verdicts in actious upon thecase ;
but all actions shall be brought during the term
for which the letters-patent shall be granted or
extended, or within six years after the expir-
ation thereof.
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted, That a
writ of error or appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States shall lie from all judg-
ments and decrees of any circuit court, or of
any district court exercising the jurisdiction
of a circuit court, or of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia or of auy Territory,
in any action, suit, controversy, or case, at law
or in equity, touching patent rights, in the same
manner and under the same circumstances as
in other judgments and decrees of such circuit
courts, without regard to the sum or value in
controversy.
Sec. 57. And be it further enacted,X hat writ-
ten or printed copies of any records, books,
papers, or drawings belonging to the Patent,
Office, and of letters-patent under the signa-
ture of the Commissioner or Acting Commis-
sioner, with the seal of office affixed, shall be
competent evidence in all cases wherein the
originals could be evidence, aud any person
making application therefor, and paying the
fee required by law, shall have certified copies
thereof. And copies of the specifications and
drawings of foreign letters patent, certified in
like manner, shall be prima facie evidence of
the fact of the granting of such foreign letters-
patent, and of the date arid contents thereof.
Sec .68. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever there shall be interfiling patents, any per-
son interested in any one of such interfering
patents, or in the working of the. invention
claimed under either of such patents, may have
relief against the interfering patentee, and all
parties interested under him, by suit in equity
against the owners of the interfering patent;
an<J the court having cognizance thereof, as
hereinbefore provided, on notice to adverse
parties, and other due proceedings had accord-
ing to the course of equity, may adjudge and
declare either of the patents void in whole or
in part, or inoperative, or invalid in any par-
ticular part of the United States, according to
the interest of the parties in the patent or the
invention patented. But no such judgment or
adjudication shall affect the rights of any per-
son except the parties to the suit and those
deriving title under them subsequent to the
rendition of such judgment.
Sec.59. And be.it further enacted, Tiiatdam-
ages for the infringement of any patent maybe
recovered by action on the case in any circuit
court of the United States, or district court
exercising the jurisdiction of a circuit court,
or in the supreme court of the District of Co-
lumbia, or of any Territory, in the name of the
party interested, either as patentee, assignee,
or grantee. And whenever in any such action
a verdict shall be rendered for the plaintiff, the
court may enter judgment thereon for any sum
above the amount found by the verdict as the
ac.tual damages sustained, according to the cir-
cumstances of the case, not exceeding three
times the amount of such verdict, together
with the costs.
Sec 00. Andbeitfurtherenacted,Tha,i\vhen-
ever, through inadvertence, accident, or mis-
take, and without any willful default or intent
to defiaud or mislead the public, a patentee
shall have (in his specification) claimed to be
the original and first inventor or discoverer of
any material or substantial part of the thing
patented, of which he was not the original and
first inventor and discoverer as aforesaid, every
such patentee, his executors, administrators,
and assigns, whether of the whole or any sec-
tional interest in the patent, may maintain a
suit at law or in equity, for the infringement,
of auy part thereof', which was bona fide hi-:
own, provided it shall be a material and sub-
stantial part of the. thing patented, and be defi-
nitely distinguishable from the parts so claimed,
without right as aforesaid, notwithstanding the
specifications may embrace more than that of
which the patentee was the original or first
inventor or discoverer. But in every such case
in which a judgment or decree shall be rendered
for the plaintiff, no costs shall bo recovered
unless the proper disclaimer bos been entered
at the Patent Office before the cornmeucement
of the suit; nor shall he be entitled to the ben-
efits of this section if he shall have unreason-
ably neglected or delayed to cuter said dis-
claimer.
Sec. til. And be it further enacted, That in
any action for infringement the defendant may
plead the general issue, and having given notice
in writing to the plaintiff orhis attorney, thirty-
days before, may prove on trial auy one or more
of the following special matters:
First. That for the purpose of deceiving the
public the description and specification filed
by the patentee in the Patent Office was made
to contain loss than the whole truth relative to
his invention or discovery, or more than is
necessary to pioduee the desired effect; or,
Second. That he had surreptitiously or un-
justly obtained the patent for that, which was
; in fact, invented by another, who was using rea-
! sonable diligence in adapting and perfecting
I the same; or,
| Third. Thatithadbeenpatentedorciescribed
I in some printed publication prior to his sup
| posed invention or discovery thereof; or,
Fourth. That he was not tile original and
first, inventor or discoverer of any material and
substantial paii, of the thing patented ; or,
Filth. That it had been in public use or on
I sale in this country, for more than two yesrs
