2642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
it may not exercise that jurisdiction according
to its discretion.
I know it is said that the Bingham amend-
ment is in accordance with the constitution of
the State of Georgia, and that the amendment
I have proposed is contrary to that constitu-
tion. Let that be granted, and the position
that I assume is in no respect weakened. Sup-
pose the Legislature of the State of New York
should decide that the new judges of the court
of appeals of that State are to be elected once
in fourteen years, and Congress should be of
the contrary opinion and should decide that
they ought to be elected according to the con-
stitution of New York, once in seven years; I
ask if Congress has any jurisdiction to inter-
fere and repeal the legislation of the State of
New York upon that subject, and declare that
the election shall be held there in accordance
with the will of Congress? Is it not the ex-
clusive province of the State Legislature to
construe the constitution of the State, subject
to revision by the courts of that State? To
undertake, therefore, to pass this Bingham
amendment is simply to undertake to control
the Legislative Assembly of the State of Geor-
gia, whose province it is to construe the con-
stitution of that State, and substitute therefor
the will of Congress; and the exercise of that
power in one respect involves the right to exer-
cise it in all respects according to the will of
Congress.
I have little doubt that if the southern States
did not occupy the peculiar attitude in which
they have been placed by the rebellion Con-
gress would have no power to interfere upon
the question; but the elections in the State of
Georgia would be held in accordance with the
will of the Legislative Assembly ofthat State, if
the courts did not hold legislation to be invalid.
But I claim that Congress has power to pass the
Bingham amendment or the amendment now
under consideration. Congress has repeatedly
decided, contrary to my individual opinion, that
it has power to attach fundamental conditions
to all bills for the admission of the reconstructed
States ; and while I have not changed my opin-
ion upon that subject I acquiesce in and accept
that decision. I presume that the Senate will
adhere to the decisions it has so often made
upou that subject and I conceive it, therefore,
to be my duty, as a practical legislator, to give
that sort of legislation the best form possible
for all parties concerned.
Assuming, then, that the question is irrevers-
ibly decided that Congress may attach funda-
mental conditions to the admission of these
States, it follows that Congress may attach such
fundamental conditions as in its judgment will
conduce to the peace, good order, and pros-
perity of the State. Concede the power and I
know of no constitutional limitation upon its
exercise.
Moreover, I maintain that Congress has the
power to say what the effect of this legislation
shall be upon the status of the officials now in
the State of Georgia. Congress has the right
to say that the cffect of this act of admission
or restoration shall be either to put an end to
the official existence of every man now in office
in that State, or that its effect shall be to con-
tinue every one of them in office one year or
two years, according to its judgment.
Is there any doubt about our power to do
that? Does the amendment which I propose,
or the Bingham amendment, attempt to do
more thaft to declare what effect this legisla-
tion shall have upon the official tenure of the
present officials in the State of Georgia ? But,
sir, I especially put the power to pass this
amendment upon the eleventh section of the
eleventh article of the constitution of the State
of Georgia, to which I now invite the attention
of the Senate:
"Should this constitution be ratified by the peo-
pie, and Congress accept the same "with any qualin-
tions or conditions, the government herein provided
for and the officers elected shall nevertheless exist
and continue in the exercise of their several tunc-
lions us the government of this State, so tar ay tho
samemay be consistent with tho action of the United
States in the premises."
That section of the constitution of the State
of Georgia concedes the power to Congress to
fix such qualifications and conditions upon it
as Congress may deem necessary when the
State is restored to the Union. Congress may
impose qualifications or conditions. To qualify
the constitution is not to create or destroy it,
but to modify or amend it. What other mean-
ing can be attached to the word " qualifica-
tions" in this section? Is not the palpable
and necessary signification of that term that
Congress shall review and revise the constitu-
tion and qualify its provisions according to its
own judgment? Congress has construed this
section of that constitution and exercised the
power which it concedes to Congress. I may
add, too,Ithinkwith propriety, thatlhavebeen
advised by men who were members of the con-
vention that this clause was inserted expressly
for the purpose of enabling Congress, when
the State came to apply for admission, to
change, modify, or remove any objectionable
features in the constitution and make it con-
formable to the will of Congress.
When the act of Congress of the 25th of
June, 1868, was'passed, the power of changing
the constitution of Georgia was exercised by
Congress. After providing that several of the
States named in tho act shall be admitted upon
certain fundamental conditions, the act pro-
vides :
"And the State of Georgia shall only be entitled
and admitted to representation upon this farther
fundamental condition: that the first and third sub-
divisions of section seventeen of the fifth article of
the constitution of said State, excopt the proviso to
the first subdivision, shall be null and void, and that
the General Assembly of said State by solomn public
act shall declare the assent of the State to the fore-
going fundamental condition."
Congress undertook in this act to declare null
and void certain provisions of the constitution
of the State of Georgia; Congress undertook
to change that constitution and make it such a
constitution as Congress was willing to accept;
and these two provisions which were stricken
out related entirely to the domestic affairs of
that State. One was a statute of limitations
upon all causcs of action arising prior to the
year 1865, Congress expunged from the con-
stitution of Georgia that provision. Congress
also expunged another provision taxing all
causes of action originating prior to the year
1865. Now, if Congress had the power to
change that constitution in these respects^ I
ask if Congress has not the power, if in its
judgment it be necessary, to change the con-
stitution so as to extend the time for holding
the next election for members of the Assembly
from 1870 to 1872? Would that be a greater
stretch of power than was exercised in the cases
cited?
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ? -
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. Was not the reason that
Congress required those clauses to bo stricken
out of the constitution of Georgia because they
were in violation of that provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States which forbids
a State from passing laws impairing the obliga-
tion of contracts?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will answer the Sen-
ator on that subject in due time. I invite the
attention of the honorable Senator to another
section of the act of the 25th of June, 18G8 :
" That if the day fixed for the first meeting of the
Legislature of either of said States by the constitu-
tion or ordinance thereof shall have passed, or have
so nearly arrived before the passage of this act that
there shall not be time for the Legislature to assem-
ble at the period fixed, such Legislature shall con-
vene at the end of twenty days from the time this
act takes effect, unless the Governor-elect shall
sooner convene the same."
Congress, in that clause, by one fell swoop
changed every one of the constitutions of the
States named in the act, because every one of
them declared that the Legislature of the State
should meet on a certain day fixed in the con-
stitution ; but Congress undertakes to wipe out
that provision, and declares that the first Le-
gislature of each State shall meet at the time
fixed by Congress, or a time that may he fixed
by the Governor. The constitution of Georgia
declared expressly that the first General As-
sembly of that State should meet within twenty
days after the adjournment of the convention.
That is a part of tho constitution of Georgia,
and yet Congress changed the time for the
meeting of thatLegislature and fixed at another
and different time.
I know that there will be an effort here to
make some very fine-spun and hair-splitting
distinctions between the power as exercised in
the act of June 25, 1868, and the power which
the amendment proposes to exercise; but sub-
stantially there is no difference. Congress has
exercised the right in that act to change the
constitution of the State, and if it has the right
to change it in one respect it has the right to
change it in other respects. There is no limit-
ation on the power if it can be exercised.
Now, sir, if the Senator from South Carolina
will listen to me one moment I will cite upon
the proposition to amend the constitution of
the State of Georgia in the manner indicated
in the act of the 25th of June, 1868, some au-
thority for the exercise of that power. I refer
to the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, who, of course, upon this subject
is good authority. Let it be understood that
the honorable chairman of that committee has
been invariably opposed to the imposition of
all fundamental conditions upon the bills ad-
mitting the reconstructed States, with the ex-
ception of Georgia. Nobody doubts his posi-
tion in that respect; and yet when the prop-
osition was made to change the constitution
of that State in the manner indicated in the
act of July the honorable chairman addressed
the Senate in the following language:
"Mr. Tbumboll. Mr. President, the authority by
which Congress declares theso clauscs null and void
in this particular case is to bo found in a provision
in tho constitution of Georgia itself. Tho people of
the State of Georgia, when they adopted their con-
stitution in convention and ratifioil it at tho polls,
provided that Congress might accept the constitu-
tion with conditions. That provision will be found
in section eleven of article eleven :
"'Should this constitution bo ratified by the peo-
ple, and Congress accept the same with any qualifi-
cations or conditions, tho government herein pro-
vided for and tho oflicers elected shall nevertheless
exist and continue in the exercise of their several
functions as the government of this State, so far as
the same may bo consistent with the action of the
United States in the premises.'
"I suppose it was competent for the people of
Georgia to authorize tho Congress of the United
States, if they thought proper, in the adoption of the
constitution to impose conditions, and one of the
conditions that is proposed by the bill as it passed
the House of Representatives, and as it is reported
to this body by the Committee on the Judiciary, de-
clares null and void tho first and third subdivisions
of tho seventeenth section of tho fifth article, with
the exception of tho proviso."—Oongretsional Globe,
Fortieth Congress, second session, p.
Now, sir, that honorable Senator, who is
known to be consistently opposed to all fund-
amental conditions, took the ground that the
constitution of Georgia itself, by virtue of the
eleventh section of the eleventh article, con-
ferred upon Congress the power to change its
provisions, and, following in his lead, the
Senate, by a vote of 35 to 8, adopted that
conclusion. I know that some members of
the Senate in that discussion put their oppo-
sition to these clauses upon the ground that
they were inconsistent with the Constitution of
the United States ; but others took the ground
that under section eleven of article eleven
of the constitution of Georgia Congress had
the right, if it objected to these provisions, to
expunge them from the instrument.
So far, then, as the question of power is con-
cerned, I submit that it is beyond controversy ;
for in view of the fact that the Senate has
decided time and again that Congress may
attach fundamental conditions to any one of
the bills admitting reconstructed States, in
view of the fact that Congress may construe
its own legislation and decide the effect of this
