4530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
the prevention of cruelty to animals in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with the recommendation
that it do pass, with sundry amendments.
The first section provides that N. P. Chip-
man, J. P. Newman, B. Peyton Brown, John
A. L. Morrell, Matthew G. Emery, Joseph ,IT.
Bradley, sen., WilliamII. Woodward, E. Whit-
tlesey, Warren C'hoate, Andrew B. Duvall,
A. 8. Solomons, W. 6. Metzerott, Alexander
R. Shepperd, S. J. Bowen, H. M. Sweeney,
Benjamin E. Gittings, William Tucker. Charles
H. Lane, W. Burris, William McPheeters, E.
F. M. Fachtz, J. L. Gatehel, John R. Elvans,
Edgar I. Booraem, L. H. Hopkins, Thomas P.
Keene, W. D. Blackford, F. H. Day, J. Sayles
Brown, William Lanborn, E. L. Oorbin, N. A.
West, John R. Arrison, W. A. Farlee, Benja-
min F. Fuller, Robert A. Slater, Alonzo Bell,
A. T. Kinney, John J. Jett, A. M. Scott, A.
C. White, A. E. Newton, A. S. Taylor, Wil-
liam H. Rowe, Robert Reyburn, W. H. Slater,
John C. Parker, William J. Wilson, S. S.
Baker, A. Jones, S. R. Bond, John F. Cook,
D. W, Anderson, George A. Hall, Charles
II. Moulton, John Edwin Mason, Allison
Nailor, jr., David A. Burr, T. C. Grey, R,
II. Marsh, Thomas Perry, George F. Gulick,
and Theodore F. Gatehel, all of the District of,
Columbia, and such other persons as may be
associated with them in conformity to this act,
and their successors duly chosen, are hereby
constituted and created a body-corporate in
tho District of Columbia, to be known as the
Association for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals.
The second section provides that the officers
of said corporation shall consist of a president,
five vice presidents, one secretary, one treas-
urer, an executive committee of eleven mem-
bers, and such other officers as shall from time
to time seem necessary to this society.
The third section provides that the foregoing
officers shall be chosen from among the mem-
bers of the society.
The fourth section provides that the said
society, for fixing the terms of admission of its
members, for the government of the same, for
the election, changing, and altering the officers
above named, and for the general regulation
and management of its affairs, shall have power
to form a code of by-laws, not inconsistent
with the laws of the District of Columbia, or
of the United States, which code, when formed
and adopted at a regular meeting, shall, until
modified or rescinded, be equally binding as
t.his act upon the society, its officers and mem-
bers.
The fifth seetion provides that the police
force of the District of Columbia shall; upon
application of any member of the association,
arrest offending parties without a warrant, who
shall be taken by such police officer before a
justice of the peace for trial; and the proper
evidence of such membership to a police officer
shall be the exhibition of a badge or certificate
of membership.
The-sixth section provides that all the fines
collected through the instrumentality of the
society or its agents, for violations of such laws,
shall accrue to the benefit of said society.
The seventh section provides that the pro-
visions of this act shall be general within the
boundaries of the District of Columbia.
The eighth seetion provides that Congress
shall have power to alter, amend, or repeal this
act at any time.
The Clerk reported the amendments of the
committee as follows :
In taction five, line five, insert after the word
" trial" the words " of the laws or ordinances of the
city ior prevention of eruelty to animals."
In section six, line two, after the word "that"
insert "one halt of';" and
In seetion six, line five, after the word " society "
add " and the other halt to the school fund of said
city or district in whicli the Oftcnso is committed."
The amendments were severally agreed to.
Mr. ROGERS. 1 see that section five of
this bill provides that the police force of the
District of Columbia shall, upon the applica-
tion of any member of the association, arrest
offending parties without a warrant for eruelty
to animals. I think this is a dangerous power,
and I hope the gentleman will consent to have
those words stricken out, so that all arrests
shall be made only npon warrants issued out
by justices of the peace.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask the gentleman
from Arkansas whether any police officer can-
not arrest any man now whom he sees commit-
ting an offense?
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes, sir; the police
officers have now that power in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. COOK. Policc officers have now the
power to arrest on view, and this extends their
power in reference to eruelty to animals-_ Such
a society has been established in the city of
New York, and this bill merely provides for
the establishment of a similar society in the
District of Columbia. It is a proper bill, and
I hope there will be no further objection to its
Mr. HAMILTON demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY.
Mr. BOLES, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back a bill (S.
No. 754) to incorporate a zoological society in
the city of Washington and District of Colum-
bia, with an amendment.
The bill was read. In its first section it
provides that Henry D. Cook, George W.
liiggs, James C. Kennedy, Spencer F. Baird,
General O. O. Howard, T. W. Bartley, Joseph
Casey, Horace Oapron, James C. McGuire,
and George Taylor, of the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, and their associates and
successors, be, and are hereby, incorporated
and made a body-corporate by the name of
the Washington Zoological Society, and by
that name may sue and be sued, plead and be
impleaded, in any court of law or equity of
competent jurisdiction, and be entitled to use
and exercise all the powers, rights, and priv-
ileges incident to such corporations for the
purpose of establishing and maintaining a zoo-
logical garden in the city of Washington, and
that they, the said corporators, may purchase
or lease any real or personal estate required for
the purpose aforesaid; and after the said zoo-
logical garden shall be established, the said
company, for the purpose of paying the ex-
penses of the same, may charge and receive a
fee for entry thereunto, not exceeding twenty-
five cents for each and every person over the
age of twelve years, and ten cents for each
and every person under said age; provided
that said society shall for at least one day in
each and every week open said garden to all
classes for a charge not exceeding ten cents
each.
The second section provides that the said
society may, from time to time, import into
this country from foreign countries, l'ree of
duty, all birds and animals necessary for the
establishment of said garden ; and in consid-
eration thereof the said society shall do all in
their power to introduce valuable auimals,
poultry, and birds, and furnish the same to
persons^or societies requiring the .same at the
least possible cost.
The third section provides that the said
society shall be authorized to use, without
charge, the Potomac water for the purpose of
hydrants, ponds, and fountains in said garden.
The fourth section provides that the govern-
ment and direction of the affairs of said soci-
ety shall be invested in said corporators; and
that they shall have full power to make and
prescribe such by-laws, rules, and regulations
as may become proper and necessary for the
management of the property and interests of.
said society not contrary to this charter or the
lavys of the United States.
The following is the amendment reported by
the committee:
Add the following as an additional seetion :
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That Congress
shall have tho right to amend,.alter, or repeal this
act at any time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BOLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I now yield to my colleague on
the committee from Kentucky, [Mr. Knott. J
BAILIFFS AND CRISES.
Mr. KNOTT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, repox'ted back the bill
(S. No. 781) to amend an act entitled "An act
fixing the compensation for the bailiffs and
criers of the courts of the District of Colum-
bia,1' approved February 22, 1867, with a 
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The bill and the substitute
will both be read.
The bill was read, as follows:
_ Be it enacted by.the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the V/iited States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the act entitled "An aet fixing the com-
pensation for the bailiffs and eriers of the courts of
the District of Columbia," approved February 2z,
1867, be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to
read as follows: That the bailiffs and criers who are
required by the marshal or courts of the District of
Columbia, to attend upon the district, circuit, crim-
inal, or orphans' court of said District, shall be paid
by said marshal $3 50 per day for each day's attend-
ance. (instead of two dollars, as now provided by
law,) commencing with the 1st of January, 1S6S:
Provided, That the compensation of the bailiff of
tho orphans' court shall be $3 50 per day from and
after the passage of this aet.
The substitute was read, as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That from and after the parage of this act the
marshal shall pay to each bailiff and crier who shall
he required to attend upon the district, circuit, crim-
inal. or orphans'court of the District of Columbia,
$3 50 for each day such bailiff or crier shall attend
upon either of said courts.
The question was on agreeing to the substi-
tute reported by the committee.
Mr. WELKER. I would suggest to my col-
league on the committee that as we have abol-
ished the orphans' court by a bill we have
passed to-day, he ought to modify his substi-
tute in that particular.
Mr. KNOTT. I shall modify the substitute
by striking out the words, "or orphans'."
The substitute, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. KNOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KEGJSTER OF WILLS.
Mr. KNOTT, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 891) to require the
register of wills for the District of Columbia to
give bonds.
The bill was read. It provides in its first
section that the register of wills for the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall within thirty days after
the passage of this act give a bond with two or
more sureties, to be approved of by the chief
justice of tho supreme court of said District
for the time being, to the United States, in
the sum of $o,000, faithfully to discharge the
duties of his office and seasonably to record
