1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5475
no reason under the sun why that claim should
pass unless we adopt some general principle
for settling these claims. There are cases to
which in hardship that is a mere trifle, and yet
the Congress of the United States pay no atten-
tion whatever to them. I object consequently.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. There is objec-
tion to the bill.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2100)
for the relief of Charles A. Frazer, of Harrison
county, Texas, and Joseph H. Sloss, of Col-
bert county, State of Alabama, of all political
disabilities, have directed me to report it back
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage. I ask for its present consideration, as
it contains only two names.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. These names were
reported and passed in the bill we passed
March 7, 1870, but were placed under the
wrong States; so that this is to correct an error.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed by a two-thirds
vote.
ely mookb's iieirs.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
to consider Senate bill No. 990.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 990) for the relief of the
heirs at law of Ely Moore, deceased, late regis-
ter of the land office at Lecompton, Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 move to amend the bill
so as to make it read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, anil ho
hereby is, required to pay to the legal heir of Clara
Moore, deceased, whose husband was late register
ot the land office at Lecompton, Kansas, tho sum of
$2,000, in full of tho claim made by Clara Mooro,
(who is now also deceased,) for and on account of
necessary disbursements for clerk hire made by Ely
Moore during his term of office, which clerk hire
was made essential by the great numberof contested
preemption eases heard and determined from April,
1857, to July 18,1859, arising in said land district.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
mrs. annie a. hays.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1052) to increase the pension of Mrs.
Annie A. Hays, widow of Brigadier General
Alexander Hays, who was killed in the battle
of the Wilderness, May 5, 1864.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It is a direction to the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll
the name of Mrs. Annie A. Hays, widow of
Brigadier General Alexander Hays, who was
killed in the battle o£ the Wilderness on the
5th day of May, 1864, at the rate of fifty dol-
lars per month, to commence from the passage
of the act and to continue during her widow-
hood, and to be in lieu of the pension hereto-
fore granted to her under the provisions of the
general pension laws. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Subsequently, during the consideration of
the civil appropriation bill, _
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a motion which
I suppose is privileged. I move to reconsider
the vote by which a pension bill passed this
morning for the reliet of Mrs. Hays. I merely
wish to have the matter kept open, as a Seu-
/Ptor desires to look into it. I ask to have the
motion entered now, so that it may be looked
10 Mr. SCOTT. I hope it will be considered
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be
considered by unanimous consent during the
pendency of this bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope that unanimous con-
sent will be given, so that we may dispose of
it at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand tho Sen-
ator from Kansas merely wants to look into
it, and perhaps ho may withdraw the motion
after he has examined the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have entered the mo-
tion to enable the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] to examine the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
pure marquette and flint railroad.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask leave to take
up Senate bill No. 674.
By unanimous conscnt, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 574) to extend the time
for the reversion to the United States of the
lands granted by Congress to the State of
Michigan to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Pere Marquette to Flint, in said
State, and for other purposes. It proposes to
extend the time specified in the fourth section
of the act of Congress approved June 3, 1850,
entitled "An act making a grant of alternate
sections of the public lands to the State of
Michigan to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State, and for other pur-
poses," for the reversion to the United States
of the lands granted by the act to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Pere Marquette
to Flint, and for the completion of the road,
for the period of five years from and after the
expiration of the act. The second section pro-
vides that the State of Michigan may authorize
the sale of sixty sections of the land granted to
aid the construction of the railroad from Pere
Marquette to Flint whenever and as often as the
Governor of the State shall certify that ten addi-
tional miles of the railroad are completed and
in running order as a first-class railroad; but
in case the railroad shall not be fully com-
pleted from Flint to Lake Michigan within the
time as extended by this act, all the lands in-
cluded in the grant to which the right to sell
shall not then have attached are to revert to
the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the
bill in line twelve of section one by striking
out the words "expiration of said act" and
inserting " passage of this act," and by adding
to the second section the following proviso:
Provided, That said lands authorized to be sold as
aforesaid shall include only lands situated opposite
to and conterminous with the completed sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
mining and ditoii company.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senate nowto
take up and finish the little bill for New M'exico
to which I have before called altention. The
Senator from Iowa is ready with his amend-
ments, and I have no objection to them. They
remove all objection whatever to the bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 55) granting the
right of way and lands to the Pecos and Placer
Mining and Ditch Company.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw the pending
amendment, striking out "ten" and inserting
" five " on the third page. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to section four: to insert in
line four, after the word "canal," the words
"on such plan, and of such dimensions and
character as the Secretary of the Interior may
approve."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In the same section, line
eleven, after the word "whatsoever" I move
to insert the words " and which may not have
been legally claimed by homestead and pre-
emption settlers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr._ HARLAN. I offer the following, to
come in as a proviso to section four:
Provided, That the lands granted by this act shall
be certified and conveyed for the benefit of said com-
pany only as said canal shall be completed in contin-
uous sections of five miles each, with all tho neces-
sary lateral irrigating ditehes and flumes, subject to
tho approval of tho Secretary of the Interior, and
embracing so much of said grant as is located opposito
to and conterminous with said completed sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section five, line five,
after the word ''sold," 1 move to strike out
the following words:
Nor shall any of said lands become subject to pri-
vate entry until thosameshall have first been offored
at public sale at tho increased price.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section seven, line four,
after the word " excepting," I move to strike
out the words '• mineral lauds and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In the same section, line
twenty, after the word "excepting," I move
to strike out the words "mineral and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
ailciier n. martin.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1170, reported by the Committee on Claims.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
117G) to provide for the settlementof the claims
of Archer N. Martin, late assessor of internal
revenue for the seventh collection district of
Pennsylvania, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to require the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause the claim
of Archer N. Martin, late assessor of the sev-
enth collection district of Pennsylvania, for
salary and commissions earned while discharg-
ing the duties of that office, to be audited,_ ad-
justed, and paid by the proper officers of the
Treasury Department, in accordance with the
internal revenue laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
papers withdraws.
On motion of Mr. ABBOTT, it was
Ordered, That William Maloy and others of tho
Eastern Cherokee delegation have leave to with-
draw their petition and papers from tho files of the
Senate.
dulutii harbor.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask that the Duluth bill
be considered,
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to have two or
three little amendments mado. This will
occupy but a moment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of tho
bill (S. No. 7G3) granting lands to the State
of Minnesota to aid in the improvement of the
harbor at Duluth, Lake Superior, in said State.
Tho motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote on
ordering the bill to be engrossed _ for a third
reading will be regarded as reconsidered.
Mr. HARLAN. I have some amendments
to offer. In section two, lines five and six, I
move to strike out the words "and the con-
struction of piers, wharves, and docks."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move further to amend
in line five, by striking out "§250,000" and
inserting "$100,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I move to insert in
the proper place "onsuch plan as the Secre-
tary of War shall approve."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I do not rise to oppose the
