18T0.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
Laivs of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
before his application for a patent, or had been
abandoned to the public.
And in notices as to proof of previous in-
vention, knowledge) or use of the thing pat-
ented, the defendant shall state the names of
patentees and the dates of their patents, and
when granted, and the names and residences
of the persons alleged to have invented, or to
have had the prior knowledge of the thing pat-
ented, and where and by whom it had been
I'tjed; and if anyone or more of the special
matters alleged shall be found for the defend-
ant, judgment shall be rendered for him with
costs. And the like defenses may be pleaded
in any suit in equity for relief against an alleged
infringement.; and proof's of the same may be
given upon like notice in the answer of the
defendant, and with the like effect.
Sec. 02. And be it further enacted, That
whenever it shall appear that the patentee, at
the time of making his application for the pat-
ent. believed himself to be the original and first
inventor or discoverer of the thing patented,
the same shall nol.'oe held to be void on account
of the invention ordiscovery, or any part thereof,
having been known or used in a foreign coun-
try, before his invention or discovery thereof,
if'it had not been patented or described in a
printed publication.
Sec. 63. And be it further enacted, That
where the patentee ot'any invention or discov-
ery, the patent for which was granted prior to
the second day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, shall desire an extension of his
patent beyond the original term oi_ its limita-
tion, be shall make application therefor, in
writing, to the Commissioner, setting forth the
reasons why such extension should he granted;
and he shall also furnish a written statement
under oath of the ascertained value of the in-
vention or discovery, and of his rece'pts and
expenditures on account thereof, sufficiently in
detail to exhibit a true and faithful aecountof
the loss and profit in any manner accruing to
him by reason of said invention or discovery.
And said application shall be filed not more
than six monthsnor less than ninety days before
the expiration ot' the original term of the patent,
and no extension shall be granted after the
expiration of said original term.
Sec. G4. And be it further enacted, That
upon the receipt of such application, and the
payment of the duty required by law, the Com-
missioner sha.ll cause to be published in one
newspaper in the city of Washington, and in
such other papers published in the section of
the country most interested adversely t.o the
extension of the patent as he may deem proper,
for at least sixty days prior to the day set for
hearing the case, a notice of such application,
and of the time and place when and where the
same will he considered, that any person may
appear and show cause why the extension
should not be granted.
Sec. 05. Andbeil further enacted, That on
the publication of such notice, the Commis-
sioner shall refer the case to the principal ex-
aminer having charge of the class ot inventions
to which it belongs, who shall make to said
Commissioner a full report ot the ease, and
particularly whether the invention ordiscovery
was new and patentable when the original pat-
ent was granted.
Sec. GO. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner shall, at the time and place
designated in the published notice, hear and
decide upon the evidence produced, both for
and against the extension; and if it shall appear
to his satisfaction that the patentee, without
neglect or fault on his part, has failed to obtain
from the use and sale of his invention or dis-
covery a reasonable remuneration for the time,
ingenuity, and expense bestowed upon it., and
the introduction of it into use, and that it is
just and proper, having due regard to the pub-
lic interest, that the term of the patent should
be extended, the said Commissioner shall make
a certificate thereon, renewing and extending
the said patent for the term of seven years
from the expiration.of the first term, which cer-
tificate shall be recorded in the Patent Office,
and thereupon the said patent shall have the
same effect in law as though it had been origin-
ally granted for twenty-one years.
Sec. 67. And be it further enacted, That the
benefit of the extension of a patent shall extend
to the assignees and grantees of the right to
use the thing patented to the extent of their
interest therein.
Sec. 68. And be it further enacted, That the
following shall be the rates for patent fees:
On filing each original application for a
patent, fifteen dollars.
On issuing each original patent, twenty dol-
lars.
On filing each caveat, ten dollars.
On every application for the reissue of a
patent, thirty dollars.
On filing each disclaimer, ten dollars.
On every application for the extension of a
patent, fifty dollars.
On the granting of every extension of a
patent, fifty dollars.
On an appeal for the first time from the
primary examiners to the examiners-in-chief,
ten dollars.
On everyappeai from the examiners-in-chief
to the Commissioner, twenty dollars.
For certified copies of patents and other
papers, ten cents per hundred words.
For recording every assignment, agreement,
power of attorney, or other paper, of three
hundred words, or under, one dollar ; of over
three hundred and under one thousand words,
two dollars; of over one thousand words,
three dollars.
For copies of drawings, the reasonable cost
of making them.
Sec. 09. And be it further enacted, That
patent fees may be paid to the Commissioner,
or to the Treasurer or any of the Assistant
Treasurers of the United States, or to any of
the designated depositaries, national banks, or
receivers of public money, designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury for that purpose, who
shall give the depositor a receipt or certificate
of deposit therefor. And all money received
at the Patent Office, for any purpose, or from
any source whatever, shall be paid into the
Treasury as received, without any deduction
whatever; and all disbursements for said office
shall be made by the disbursing clerk of the
Interior Department.
Sec. 70. And be it further enacted, That the
Treasurer of the United States is authorized
to pay back any sum or sums of money to any
person who shall have paid the same into the
Treasury, or to any receiver or depositary, to
the credit of the Treasurer, as for fees accru-
ing at the Patent Office through mistake, cer-
tificate thereof being made to said Treasurer
by the Commissioner of Patents.
Sec. 71. Andbeit further enacted, That any
person who, by his own industry, genius, efforts,
and expense, has invented or produced any
new and original design for a manufacture, bust,
! statue, alto-relievo, or bas-relief; anynewand
! original design for the printing of woolen,
i silk, cotton, or other fabrics ; any new audori-
S ginal impression, ornament, pattern, print, or
| picture, to be printed, painted, cast, or other-
l' wise placed on or worked into any article of
i| manufacture; or any new, useful, and original
ij shape or configuration of any article of manu-
II fact,ure. the same not having been known or
H used by others before his invention^or produc-
jj tion thereof, or patented or described in any
|i printed publication, may, upon payment of the
|| duty required by law, and other due proceed-
il ings had the same as in cases of inventions or
.i discoveries, obtain a patent therefor.
I; Sec. 72. 'And be il further enacted, That the
Commissioner may dispense with models of
designs when thedesign eaix be sufficiently rep-
resented by drawings or photographs.
Sec. 78. And be it further enacted, That
patents for designs may be granted for the term
of three years and six months, or'for seven
years, or for fourteen years, as the applicant
may, in his application, elect.
Sec. 71. And be it further enacted. That
patentees of designs issued prior to March two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, shall be enti-
tled to extension of their respective patents
for the term of seven years, in the same man-
ner and under the same restrictions as arc pro-
vided for the extension of patents for inven-
tions or discoveries, issued prior to the second
day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Sec. 75. Andbe il further enacted That the
following shall be the rates of fees in design -
cases:
For three years and six months, ten dollars.
For seven years, fifteen dollars.
For fourteen years, thirty dollars.
For all other cases in which fees are re-
quired, the same rates as in cases of inventions
or discoveries.
Sec. 76. Andbeit further enacted, That all
the regulations and provisions which apply to
the obtaining or protection of patents for inven-
tions or discoveries, not inconsistent with the
provisions of this act, shall apply, to patents
for designs.
Sec. 77. And beiif tirlher enacted, That any
person or firm domiciled in the United States,
and any corporation created by the authority
of the United States, or of any State or Ter-
ritory thereof, and any person, firm, or cor-
poration resident of or located in any foreign
country which by treaty or convention affords
similar privileges to citizens of the United
States, and who are entitled to the exclusive
use of any lawful trade-mark or who intend to
adopt and nseany trade-mark for exclusive use
within the United States, may obtain protec-
tion for such lawful trade-mark by complying
with the following requirements, to wit:
First. By causing to be recorded in the Pat-
ent Office the names of the parties and their
residences and place of business, who desire
the protection of the trade-mark.
Second. The class of merchandise and the
particular description of goods comprised in
such class, by which the trade mark has been
or is intended to be appropriated.
Third. A description of the trade-mark it-
self, with fac-similcs thereof, and the mode in
which il has been or is intended to be applied
and used.
Fourth. The length of time, if any, during
which the tiade-mark has been used.
Fifth. The payment of a fee of twenty-five
dollars, in the same manner and for the same
purpose as the fee required for patents.
Sixth. The compliance with such regulations
as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of
Patents.
Seventh. The filing of a declaration, under
the oath of the person, or of some member of
the firm or officer of the corporation, to the
effect that the party claiming protection for the
trade-mark has a right to the use of the same,
and that no other person, firm, or corporation
i has the right, to such use, either in the iden-
I tical form or having such near resemblance
! thereto as might be calculated to deceive, and
I that the descriptions and fac-si miles presented
I for record are true copies of tiie trade-mark
! sought to be protected.
| Sec. 73. And be.it further enacted, That such
I trade-marl: shall remain iu force lor thirty years
| from the date of sueii registration, except in
I cases whore such trade-mark is claimed lor
j and applied to articles not manufactured in
I this country and in which it receives protec-
I tion under the laws of any foreign country for
! a shorter period, iu which case it shall cease
