2644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
ineligible under the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States when
they were elected to office, and that General
Terry subsequently, when required to examine
into the eligibility of tho members of that
Legislature, ascertained the fact either by the
application of the oath or in some other way,
so that he became satisfied that they were in-
eligible ; and in consequence of that decision
they vacated their seats.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fact is that General
Terry excluded but three on his examination.
Tho others declined to take this oath. They
were not excluded by any decision of General
Terry, and only by their refusal to take the oath.
Mr. MORTON. He excluded three who
wanted to take the oath, and the others de-
clined to take it because they could not do so
without committing perjury.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not the documents
before me, but I have read them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report of the com-
mittee shows the facts.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The impression the papers
made on my mind, and I think I am not mis-
taken, was tiiat they refused to take the oath
because they could not without committing
perjury, as they wore disqualified under tho
fourteenth amendment. Their refusal to take
the oath does not in any way change the fact
that they were so disqualified ; but the fact, that
they were so disqualiiied was the reason why
they wore not willing to take the oath. That
is the result of the examination which I have
made of the papers in tho case.
j say, therelore, that, those persons, before
iheir heats m thatLegislative Assembly became
vacant, were decided to be ineligible, and the
law of Georgia provides that in such a case
the persons at the election having the next-
highest number of votes may take the seats of
those persons who were displaced. That, it
seems to me, makes a distinction between the
case in 1868 and the case in 1870. It will be
noticed that the act of the 22d of December,
ISO!), states the reason upon which this legis-
lation proceeds, and it was because the colored
members were expelled from their seats in that
body without any authority of law. That is
the effect, at any rate, of what is stated ill sec-
tion six of the act of December 22, 1809, which
reads as follows:
" That it is hereby declared that theoxclusion of
any person or perMmscleetcd as aforesaid, and being
otherwise qualified, trom participating in tho pro-
ceedings of said senato or house of representatives
upon tho ground of race, color, or previous condi-
tion ot servitude, would bo illegal and revolution-
ary, aud it hereby xjrolnbitcd."
The Legislature of that State had excluded
numbers on account of their color. This is
declared by the act of the 2'2d of December,
1809, to be an illegal and revolutionary act;
and it was because the General Assembly ot
the State had been guilty of this illegal and
revolutionary act that Congress provided for
its reorganization.
Now, sir, if the Legislature of 1868 was mis-
taken in construing the law so as to allow per-
sons, alter the colored men were displaced, to
take their seats, and if the Legislature of 1870
were mistaken, as they might have been, in
their construction of the law, yet the difference
between the act of 1868 and that of 1870 is,
that in one case they committed, according to
the judgment of Congress, an illegal and rev-
olutionary act by excluding men from office on
account of their color, and in the other case
the Legislature decided that men should vacate
their seats because they were ineligible under
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
and that was a regular and a legal proceeding
even if the Legislature was mistaken in its
judgment.
I find, therefore, Mr. President, no diffi-
culty in continuing the existence of this Legis-
lative Assembly on that ground. I knowthat
this position may be criticised, and there is no
position that can be taken upon this Georgia
question to which plausible objections may not
be made; but I say that there is a palpable
distinction between tho act of 1868 and the
act of 1870, and that there is nothing whatever
in the history or proceedings of the Legislature
of 1870 to show that it is a body illegally organ-
ized or disposed to trample under foot the laws
and Constitution of the country.
Now, sir, the only remaining question is as
to whether or not it is expedient to provide that
the next election for members of the General
Assembly of that State shall be in 1872. Is it
reasonable and just that such a provision shall
be made? Congress assumes, so far as this
bill has proceeded, to take jurisdiction over the
subject, and now the question comes up as to
whether or not it is reasonable and just to allow
this Legislature two more years of existence.
I argue that it is reasonable, because this Legis-
lature from the commencement of its existence
up to the present time has been chiefly occu-
pied with questions concerning its organiza-
tion, and in angry and useless controversies as
to whether one set of men or another set of
men were entitled to seats in the body. Soon
after it assembled, in 1868, the question arose
as to whether colored men were entitled to seats
or not. Angry controversies ensued: They
were excluded, and other men were admitted;
and then a great doubt arose as to the legality
of the existence of that body. When that
Legislature adjourned it did not reconvene until
after the act of December 22, ISO'.). When
it reassembled another controversy, similar in
nature, sprang up in the body; and so in-
stead of attending to the practical business of
legislation, such as the distracted condition of
the State required at its hands, it has been
occupied with these questions as to ils organ-
ization. So irregular and illegal were the pro-
ceedings of the Legislature that, Congress saw
proper to declare in effect that it was an illegal
and revolutionary body, and should therefore
be reorganized.
Now, I wish to submit one question to the
Judiciary Committee as to the existing Legis-
lature of Georgia. If it is an illegal body,
why does that committee recognize its exist-
ence? Why do they not report that this body
should be annihilated aud provision made for
a new election ? But they allow this body to
exist until November next and proceed with
the ordinary business of legislation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator wish
an answer now?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer is a very
simple one. It may be simple in two senses,
in the view of my friend. The Judiciary
Committee being of opinion that this Legisla-
ture as now organized was clearly illegal, and
that seeming to be pretty much conceded by
both sides before us, the question was what to
do. Of course, the logical answer would be
what my friend has said, set it aside at once
and order a new election j but both parties to
the controversy, the opposing party as well as
the party who wished it to stand, said, '-Wc
are willing to let these illegal men stand until
the regular time for an election this fall, as
a mere practical question, as the easiest way
of getting out of the difficulty." It may bo
that the Judiciary Committee erredin not pro-
viding for dissolving this Legislature at once;
but our excuse, if excuse is needed, is in the
fact which my friend now, I believe, agrees
to as well as I, that the term of these people,
legal or illegal, would expire so soon that as
a practical question it might as well be left
until there could be an election.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not claim that the
Committee on the Judiciary erred; I approve
of their judgment in this matter; but if that is
a legal Legislature for six months, if it can pro-
ceed to transact the ordinary business of legis-
lation between this time and next November,
I ask if it cannot be a legal Legislature for the
next two years?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator want
an answer to that?
Mr. WILLIAMS.- I am willing to hear tile
answer. "
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think'it is very easy to
answer why it is'a legal Legislature for the next
six months and not a legal'Legislature for the
next two years.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Perhaps the Senator.doe's
not understand me. I ask this question: if
this Legislature can exist for th§ purposes of
legislation for the next six'months, may not
Congress continue its existence for the next
two years? I know that under the constitution
of the State it would expire at the end of six
months; but the point I m^ke is this—and
when I state it, if I am understood by the Sen-
ator, he can answer—the Committee on the
Judiciary and Congress recognize the Legis-
lature now existing as competent to legislate ;
and if Congress' has the power, as I elaim it
has, to continue its existence for two years,
then the question of organization does not
arise, for tho organization that enables this
Legislature to cxistfor six months for purposes
of legislation will enable it to exist two years
for purposes of legislation, fhat is the point
I make.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, I
think the answer is very obvious to that point.
Nobody has ever insisted that the Legislature
as organized in Georgia is an illegal Legisla-
ture. A quorum of the Legislature undoubt-
edly would be sufficient to do business, and is
legally there; but it is irregularly organized,
and the Committee on tho Judiciary, in defer-
ence to tho opinions of both parties in Georgia,
who wanted peace aud an end of this struggle,
were willing, notwithstanding the irregularity,
there being a quorum of the Legislature prop-
erly there, to overlook theirregnlarityin bring
ing in minority men who had n 6 right there; in
deference, I say, to this opinion of bo.th parties
the committee were willing to let the Legisla-
ture remain for tho terra for which they were
elcctcd. It is a very different thing for Con-
gress to undertake to elect these men to legis-
late for Georgia two years beyond the time for
which the people of Georgia had elected them.
The Senator from Oregon, I think, will seethe
distinction. In one case Congress does noth-
ing to give validity to the Legislature ; in the
other case it is by a pure act of usurpation
on the part of Congress that they exist one
hour after the time fixed by the constitution of
Georgia for the termination of their term.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a matter of opin-
ion. I have heard this cry of usurpation on
tho part of Congress for the last four years
from other sources; and every time wo pro-
pose an act here for' the protection1 of the loyal
men of the South we hear the cry raised from
some quarter that "this is nothing but naked
usurpation on the part of Congress." Sir, if
I have not made a conclusive, I have made a
reasonable argument, I submit, in favor of the
power of Congress to do this aet, if its judg-
ment dictates that it is wise and necessary to
do it.
Now, I want just exactly what the Senator
from Illinois wants. He wants peace, and
therefore he overlooks the irregularities in the
organization of this legislative body. I want
peace, and I overlook its irregularities, if there
were any, and I ask that it may be continued
two years longer in existence, so that it may
proceed with the practical and necessary legis-
lation of the State; for up to this time it has
been chiefly occupied with questions about its
organization. I say, therefore, there is nothing
unreasonable in this request. Is it not also
just ? Who will be wronged or harmed if this
Legislative Assembly should be continued in
existence for two years?
Sir, it is a fact that has been admitted upon
the floor of the Senate, except by certain per-
sons, that the condition of things iri the State
of Georgia is most deplorable, and that there
is not there such protection to life," liberty,
and property as the loyal men of the State
ought to enjoy. I assuine that to be a fact. I
