686
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 8,
41st Cons....2d Sess.
Laios of the United States,
to have any force in this country by virtue of
this act at the same time that it becomes of no
effect elsewhere, and during the period that it
remains in force it shall entitle the person,
firm, or corporation registering the same to the
exclusive use thereof so far as regards the
description of goods to which it is appropri-
ated in the statement filed under oath as
aforesaid, and no other person shall lawfully
use the same trade-mark, or substantially the
same, or so nearly resembling it as to be cal-
culated to deceive, upon substantially the same
description of goods: Provided, That six
months prior to the expiration of said term of
thirty years, application may be made for a
renewal of such registration, under regulations
to be prescribed by the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, and the fee for such renewal shall be the
same as for the original registration ; certifi-
cate of such renewal shall be issued in the
same manner as for the original registration,
and such trade-mark shall remain in force for
a further term of thirty years: And provided
further, That nothing in this section shall be
construed by any court as abridging or in any
manner affecting unfavorably the claim of any
person, firm, corporation, or company to any
trade-mark after the expiration of the term
for which such trade-mark was registered.
Sec. 79. Andbe it further enacted, That any
person or corporation who shall reproduce,
counterfeit, copy, or imitate any such recorded
trade-mark, and affix the same to goods of
substantially the same descriptive properties
and qualities as those referred to in the regis-
tration, shall be liable to an action in the case
for damages for such wrongful use of said
trade-mark, at the suit of the owner thereof, in
anycourt of competent jurisdiction in the Uni-
ted States, and the party aggrieved shall also
have his remedy according to the course of
equity to enjoin the wrongful use of his trade-
mark and to recover compensation therefor in
any court having jurisdiction over the person
guilty of such wrongful use. The Commis-
sioner of Patents shall not receive and record
any proposed trade-mark which is notand can-
not become a lawful trade mark, or which is
merely the name of a person, firm, or corpor-
ation only, unaccompanied by a mark suffi-
cient to distinguish it from the same name when
used by other persons, or which is identical
with a trade-mark appropriate t.o the same
class of merchandise and belonging to a differ-
ent owner, arid already registered or received
for registration, or which so nearly resembles
such last-mentioned trade-mark as to be likely
to deceive the public : Provided, That this sec-
tion shall not prevent the registry of any law-
ful trade mark rightfully used at the time of
the passage of this act.
Sec. 80. And be it further enacted, That the
time of the receipt of any trade-mark at the
PatentOffice for registration shall be noted and
recorded, and copies of the trade-mark and of
the date of the receipt thereof, and of the state-
ment filed therewith, under the seal of the
Patent Office, certified by the Commissioner,
shall be evidence in any suit in which such
trade mark shall be brought in controversy.
Site. 81. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of Patents is authorized to make
rules, regulations, and prescribe forms for the
transfer of the right to the use of such trade-
marks, conforming as nearly as practicable to
the requirements of law respecting the trans-
fer and transmission of copyrights.
Sec. 82. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall procure the the registry of any
trade-mark, or of himself as the owner thereof,
or an entry respecting a trade mark in the
Patent Oflice under this act, by making any
false or fraudulent representations or declara-
tions, verbally or in writing, or by any fraudu-
lent means, shall be liable to pay damages in
consequence of any such registry or entry to
the person injured thereby, to be recovered in
an action on the case before any court of com-
petent jurisdiction within the United States.
Sec. 83. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act shall prevent, lessen, im-
peach, or avoid any remedy at law or in equity,
which any party aggrieved by any wrongful use
of any trade-mark might have had if this act
had not been passed.
Sec. 84. And be it further enacted, That no
action shall be maintained under the provis-
ions of this act by any person claiming the
exclusive right to any trade-mark which is
used or claimed in any unlawful business, or
upon any article which is injurious in itself, or
upon any trade-mark which has been fraudu-
lently obtained, or which has been formed and
used with the design of deceiving the public in
the purchase or use of any article of mer-
chandise.
Sec. 86. And be it further enacted, That all
records and other things relating to copyrights
and required by law to be preserved, shall be
under the control of the Librarian of Congress,
and kept and preserved in the Library of Con-
gress ; and the Librarian of Congress shall have
the immediate care and supervision thereof,
and under the supervision of the joint Com-
mittee of Congress on the Library, shall per-
form all acts and duties required by law touch-
ing copyrights. TheLibrarian shall cause aseal
to be provided for said office, with such device
as the joint Committee on the Library may
approve, with which all records or papers issued
from said office, and to be used in evidence,
shall be authenticated. He shall also give an
additional bond, with sureties, to the Treasurer
of the United States, in the sum of five thousand
dollars, with the condition that he will render
to the proper officers of the Treasury a true
account of all moneys received by virtue of his
office. He shall also make an annual report
to Congress of the number and description of
copyright publications for which entries have
been made during the year. And the Librarian
of Congress shall receive a yearly compensa-
tion of four thousand dollars, to commence
when this act shall take effect.
Sec. 80. Andbe it further enacted, That any
citizen of the United States, or resident therein,
who shall bo the author, inventor, designer, or
proprietor of any book, map, chart, dramatic
or musical composition, engraving, cut, print,
or photograph or negative thereof, or of a
painting, drawing, chromo, statue, statuary,
and of models or designs intended to be per-
fected as works of the fine arts, and his exec-
utors, administrators, or assigns, shall, upon
complying with the provisions of this act, have
the sole liberty of printing, reprinting, publish-
ing, completing, copying, executing, finishing,
and vending the same; and in the case of a
dramatic composition, of publicly performing
or representing it, or causing it to be performed
or represented by others; and authors may
reserve the right to dramatize or to translate
their own works.
Sec. 87. And be it further enacted, That
copyrights shall be granted for the term of
twenty-eight, years from the time of recording
the title thereof, in the manner hereinafter
directed.
Sec. 88. And be it further enacted, That the
author, inventor, or designer, if he be still liv-
ing and a citizen of the United States or resi-
dent therein, or his widow or children, if he
be dead, shall have the same exclusive right
continued for the further term offourteen years,
upon recording the title of the work or descrip-
tion of the article so secured a second time,
and complying with all other regulations in
regard to original copyrights, within six months
before the expiration of the first term. And
such person shall, within two months from the
date of said renewal, cause a copy of the rec-
ord thereof to be published in one or more
newspapers, printed in the United States, for
the space of four weeks.
Sec. 89. Andbeit further enacted, That copy-
rights shall be assignable in law, by any in-
strument of writing, and such assignment shall
be recorded in the office of the Librarian of
Congress within sixty days after its execution,
in default of which it shall be void as against
any subsequent purchaser or mortgagee for a
valuable consideration, without notice.
Sec. 90. And be it further enacted, That no
person shall be entitled to a copyright unless
he shall, before publication, deposit in the
mail a printed copy of the title of the book or
other article, or a description of the painting,
drawing, chromo, statue, statuary, or model or
design for a work of the finearts, for which he
desires a copyright, addressed to the Librarian
of Congress, and within ten days from the pub-
lication thereof, deposit in the mail two copies
of such copyright book or other article, or in
case of a painting, drawing, statue, statuary,
model or design for a work of the fine arts, a
photograph of the same, to be addressed to
said Librarian of Congress, as hereinafter to
be provided.
Sec. 91. Andbe it further enacted, That the
Librarian of Congress shall record the name
of such copyright book, or other article, forth
with in a book to be kept for that purpose, in
the words following: '• Library of Congress, to
wit: be it remembered that on the day
of ,annoDomini , A.B.,of-— ,
hath deposited in this office the title of a book,
(map, chart, or otherwise, as the case may be,
or description of the article,) the title or de-
scription of which is in the following words, to
wit: (here insert the title or description,) the
right whereof he claims as author, originator,
(or proprietor, as the case may be,) m con-
formity with the laws of the United States re-
specting copyrights. C. D., Librarian of Con-
gress." And he shall give a copy of the title
or description, under the seal of the Librarian
of Congress, to said proprietor, whenever he
shall require it.
Sec. 92. And be it further enacted, That for
recording the title or description of any copy-
right book or other article, the Librarian of
Congress shall receive from the person claim-
ing the same, fifty cents; and for every copy
under seal actually given to such person or his
assigns, fifty cents ; and for recording any in-
strument of writing for the assignment of a
copyright, fifteen cents for every one hundred
words; and for every copy thereof, ten cents
for every one hundred words, which moneys,
so received, shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States.
Sec. 93. Anclbe it further enacted, That the
proprietor of every copyright book or other
article shall mail to the Librarian of Congress
at Washington within ten days after its pub
lication, two complete printed copies thereof,
of the best edition issued, or description or
photograph of such article as hereinbefore re-
quired, and a copy of every subsequent edition
wherein any substantial changes shall be made.
Sec. 94. And be it further enacted. That in
default of such deposit in the post office, said
proprietorsballbe liable to a penalty of twenty-
five dollars, to be collected by the Librarian
of Congress, in the name of the United States,
in an action of debt, in any district court ot
the United States within the jurisdiction of
which the delinquent may reside or be found.
Sec. 9-j. And be it further enacted, That any
such copyright book or other article may be
sent to the Librarian of Congress by mail, free
of postage, provided the words "copyright
matter" are plainly written or printed on the
outside of the package containing the same.
Sec. 96. Andbeit further enacted, That the
postmaster to whom such copyright book, title,
or other article is delivered, shall, if requested,
give a receipt therefor; and when so delivered
