5476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
passage of this bill, but in order that a local
interest which I am charged with the eare of
to some extent may be protected. I just wish
to state the nature of this bill.
The St. Louis-river, just before it enters the
lake, spreads out into what is called the Bay
of Superior. That bay is some five miles in
length, and is separated from the lake by two
narrow strips of land, one of wliich is known
as Wisconsin Point and the other as Minnesota
Point. The Government is already improving
the entrance to the bay from the lake, and has
made several appropriations, which, under the
charge of the engineer's department, have been
and are being expended in removing the bar and
erecting breakwaters at the outlet. Now, I do
not object to the passage of this bill, or to making
another harbor for the people of Duluth, inas-
much as Duluth is on one arm of this bay and
Superior on the other arm, Superior being in
the State of Wisconsin, while Duluth is in
Minnesota. I simplywish to give notice now
that the making ot this harbor at Duluth must
not be hereafter pleaded in bar of the appro-
priations required for the harbor at the mouth
of the river.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I was not in my
place the other day when this bill passed the
Senate, and had no opportunity to offer some
amendments to it. In line nineteen, page 2,
I move to insert after the words "from the"
thewords" odd-numbered sections of the;" so
as to read, "from the odd-numbered sections
of the public lands of the United States."
That is in accordance with the general plan of
these'grants, which, I suppose, proceed on the
principle that it shall not be in the power of
these companies to acquire great masses of land
lying together in one body; that their interests
shall be directed to alternate sections, so that
in that way they may aid in the improvement
and increase the value of the even-numbered
sections. I presume there will be no objec-
tion on the part of the Senator who has this
bill in charge to the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to gratify the
honorable Senator from California in this
respect, except for the fact that the odd-nmn-
bered sections have already been appropriated
for a railroad. His amendment takes the life
out of the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. The result, then, will be
that no lands will be left there for settlement
in these counties.
Mr. RAMSEY. The company are required
to sell these lands at $2 CO an acre; they are
required to expend $1,000,000—$250,000 be-
yond what the lands will realize.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think it can hardly be
possible that any railroad company takes all
the odd-numbered sections in the three counties
named in the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very nearly so.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will allow
ran, I will state my views, and then, of course,
if they do not meet the approbation of the Sen-
ate he, will prevail. I can hardly conceive it
possible, I repeat, that a railroad company shall
be able to take up all the odd-numbered sec-
tions in the large territory occupied by these
three counties. I have looked at the map, and
I confess that I am surprised to hear the Sen-
ator from Minnesota make the statement so
confidently. I do not think he is right in any
point of view that it should be in the power of
this or any other company to take up five hun-
dred thousand acres of land, or any consider-
able portion of it, in one solid block. I move
the amendment and ask the vote of the Senate
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
agree to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I askfortheyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resalted—yeas 22, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. ISayard, Buckingham, Casserly.
Cole, Davis, Eonton, Eowler, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harlan, Johnston, Lewis, Pratt, Rosa, Sauisbury,
Scburz, Sherman, Spraguc, Stockton, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Willey. and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames.Boreman, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, .Rice, ltob-
ertson, Sawyor, Seott, Sumner, Thayer, Williams,
and Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Brownlow,
Cameron. Carpenter, Cattoll, Cragin, Drake, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Flanagan, Harris, IIowoll, MeCruery,
Morrill of Vermont. Morton,Norton,Pattorson, Pool,
ltevels, Spencer, Stowart, Trumbull, Viekcrs, and
Warner—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the sundry civil appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator from
Maine allow this bill to go through ? It can be
finished in a few minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it can be dis-
posed of at once I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill is passed'over informally subject to a
demand for the regular order, unless some
Senator objects.
Mr. SPRAGDE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate; but before pro-
ceeding with it the Chair will receive any morn-
ing business that Senators may have to present.
Bir.L INTRODUCED.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 248) granting condemned
cannon for the erection of a soldiers' monu-
ment at Omaha, Nebraska; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to bo printed.
AJlEMimiWll'S TO Ai'flLUPllIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYARD submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (II. II. No.
2105) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June SO. 1871, and for other purposes.
'Mr. SUMNER, Mr. COLE, and Mr. HAM-
LIN submitted amendments intended to be
proposed to the bill (II. R. No. 236'.)) making
additional appropriations and to supply the
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal years
ending June 30, 1870, and June 00, 1871, and
for other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
CONFISCATION ritOOREDTNGS IN VIUOINIA.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Jicmlvef', That the 1 evolution of the Senate of
Juno 20, 1870. requesting tiio President to commu-
nicate certain information ot ail property seixed,
condemned, and conhscatcd in the State ot Virginia,
be, ami the samo i3 hereby, rescinded.
I'.IU, KECOI\Sr J!KfiD.
Mr. DRAKE. The bill (II. It. No. 2100)
to establish a port of delivery at Kansas City,
Missouri, was reported upon adversely by the
Committee on Commerce some weeks ago and
indefinitely postponed. I ask that by unani-
mous consent the order o( indefinite postpone-
ment be set aside, and the bill be restored to the
Calendar with the adverse report of the com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will bo made. The Chair
iiears no objection, and it is so ordered.
Ctviti APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 2105) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. i 1amMX, which was to increase the
appropriations for casual repairs of the navv-
yard and upper bridges from $3,000 to $16,501).
Mr. HAMLIN. That matter was very care-
fully examined by the District Committee ; and
I have, in pursuance of their instructions,
offered this amendment. Thebridge is_to-day
almost in an impassable condition; it is very
dangerous. The people have been asking for
a new bridge; and there will be an absolute
necessity for' a new bridge in a few years; but
we have had an engineer examine the bridge,
and he reports that for $16,000 it may be made
a very good bridge for some years. I think
my colleague will not object to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope Senators will allow
me to offer such amendments as I am instructed
by the District Committee to offer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the Sen-
ator from Maine to allow me to offer some
amendments, as I am obliged to go out on a
conference committee, and I should like to get
rid of the amendments that I am directed to
offer by the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds ; a"ndl presume they will take but
a. few moments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maine yield to the Senator from Vermont,
wlio is obliged to leave the Chamber on account
of committee business?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 31,
after line seven hundred and thirty-two, 1 move
to insert the following:
For rent of additional room- for the uso of tho
Department of the Intel ior, $4,000.
If any explanation is required of this amend-
ment I wilt give it. There is no question of
the absolute necessity of this appropriation,
and we shall have to do much more before very
long. The Department is crowded with the
Land Ofiiee, the Pension Otfice, the Patent
Office, the Statistical Bureau, the Educational
Bureau, and this appropriation is indispensable
for the accommodation of the clerks, who are
now crammed six in a room.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to offer another amendment. It is to
insert 011 page 28, after line six hundred and
sixty, the following:
For taking out private stairway leading from tfro
law-library to tho Supreme Court room, and fitting
np tlio rooms thus made with shelving fortlio library,
$2,00U.  
I will simply say that this is a proposition to
take out an old and uselessstairvvay, which has
been shut up and inclosed for years, and which
will make two very comfortable additional
rooms for the accommodation of the library
and those thereabout.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the point where he
proposes to insert the amendment appears to
be in the middle of the paragraphs in regard
to tho Washington aqueduct, which run down
to line seven hundred and sixty-three.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I have
made a mistake.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. At the end of
lino six hundred and thirty, at the conclusion
of the appropriations '-for public works in and
around Washington," would be a good place
to insert the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not care
where it comes in.
'I he VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in-
serted there if it shall be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 10, at
the end of line two hundred and eighty-nine,
I move to insert the following proviso
Provided That tho total cos! of tile building shall
not exceed t;io amount of tins uppiopiimiun, tirtd
estimates and pinnstsholi bo jioorovod, bciore. the
vrorksartll becommcnecd. by thePostinaKterUeiierai
! and the beorct.iry of the Treasury.
j ne\' ICE PRESIDENT. This is a proviso
to apply U> tho appropriation for the construc-
tion ot a court-house, post office, and custom-
house building at Omaha, Nebraska. The
C.omtnitt[.. on Appiop:jati-jns recommend an
