1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1701
DELAWARE RIVER.
Mr. HAIGHT, by unanimoas consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered-, and agreed to:
Itototvcd, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire, and if necessary cause an
examination to be made, into the necessity of remov-
ing the obstructions from tho Delaware river between
Dordentown and Trenton, below the bead of tide-
water, in the State of New Jersey, to facilitate the
passage of vessels and to promote commerce between
the cities of Philadelphia and Trenton; also to in-
quire if the object aforesaid will be promoted by the
removal of the bar lately formed at the point known
as "Perriwig," and the amount necessary to be ex-
pended, and whether an appropriation should be
mado by Congress for that purpose, and report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
several votes by which bills had been referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motiou was agreed to.
Mr. CESSNA. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER Tlie regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the Georgia bill.
adjournment over, etc.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move that
, when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to have the Georgia bill debated to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I am willing
to withdraw my motion if there can be an
agreement that the session to-morrow shall be
for debate only in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope that will be the
understanding.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to thai.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the session cad be
for debate only on the Georgia bill there will
be no objection.
Mr. WOOD. And no votes to be taken.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
about to say, if the House will indulge me,
that I desire, if possible, to have an under-
standing that the rest of to-day and the whole
of to-morrow shall be for debate on the Geor-
gia bill, and that the vote shall he taken imme-
diately after the expiration of the morning hour
on Monday, no vote to be taken in the mean
time.
Mr. WILSON* of Minnesota. What I want
to arrive at is an agreement that no business
shall be done to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to that.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Then I insist
on my motion that when the House adjourns
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
53, noes 54; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler of
Massachusetts and Mr. Wilson of Minnesota
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 65, noes 60.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 90, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Banks, Beek,
Biggs, Bird, Booker. Buckley, Burchard. Burr, Cal-
kin. Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger.Cox,
Crebs, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Finkelnbiirg, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gibson.
Griswold.Haight, Hale.Hambleton, Hamilton, Hays,
Holman, Hotchkiss, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
1 homos L. Jones, Judd. Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lash,
Marshall, May ham, McCarthy. McKemie, McN eely,
Wiakim H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen,
Ni black, Orth, Packer, Peters, Potter, Hand all.
Heading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sehenek, Scofield,
Sherrod, Siocum, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington
U Smith, Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland,
Bwann, Taffe. Trimble,Van Auken.Voorhees.Wells,
Engene M.Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Arnell.Asper,
Atwood, Boatty, Benj amin, Bennett.Bingham, Blair,
Boyd, George M. Brooks,Buck,Buffinton, Benjamin
r • Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,
Clarke, Air.tsa Cobb, Cook, Covode, Co wles, Cullom,
Davis, Donley, Ferriss, Ferry, Gilfillan. Harris,
Hawkins, Hawley, Hay. Heaton, Heflin, Hill, Hoar,
Hoge, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kellogg,
Ketoham, Knapp, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Maynard, McCormick, McGrew, MoKee, Mercur,
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Packard, Paine, Perce,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Shanks, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather. Stevenson, Stokes, Strong,
Tillman, Townsend, Twichell. Tyuer, Upson, Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Willard, Williams, and
Winans—90. j
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Axtell, i
Ay or. Bailey, Barnum, Beaman, Benton, Boles, J
Bowen, James Brooks, Burdett, Cake, Dawes,
Dickey, Dixon, Duval, Dyer, Ela. Fisher. Fitch, !
Haldeman, li&mill, Kelley, Kclsey, Lynch, McCrary, 1
Milnea, Morgan, Morrissev, Negley, Palmer, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Ridgway, Sanford, Sohumaker, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Stevens, Stiles,
Sweeney, Tanner, Van Trump, Van Wyck Wilkin-
son, John 1'. Wilson, Winchester, and Witcher—50. :
So the motion was not agreed to. |
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by William J,
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills, in -which the
concurrence of the House was requested, of
the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 176) granting a pension to
Anna E. Frei;
A. bill (S. No. 534) granting a pension to
Rachel M. Milliken;
A bill (S. No. 540) to incorporate the New
Era Printing and Publishing Company of
Washington, District of Columbia; and
A bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of the minor
children of Sylvester Dreyer.
readmission of georgia.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the subject pending at the
adjournment last evening, being the Georgia
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to have an understanding with the House upon
this subject. I propose that the debate upon
this bill shall go on for the remainder of to-day
and during to-morrow, and that at the expira-
tion of the business of the morning hour on
Monday I will call the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] include in his propo-
sition that no other business shall be transacted
to-morrow?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. Then we will accept the propo-
sition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to any such
arrangement.
The SPEAKER. A single objection cannot
prevent the discussion upon this bill so long
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] declines to yield the floor and allow
other business to come in.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman will state it.
Mr. ALLISON. Will it be possible for the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
to hold the floor all day to-morrow, so that no
other gentleman can submit a motion to lay
aside the Georgia bill by a majority vote and
take up some other business ?
The SPEAKER. A majority vote of the
House can postpone the consideration of the
bill, but not the objection of a single member.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
allow the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] any reasonable time he may desire to
discuss this bill, and I hope that he will not
persist in his objection to aspign to-morrow for
debate only on this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not object to
having to-morrow for debate only.
Mr. COX. Will there be any time for
debating the bill on Monday?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
will be an hour after the previous question
shall have been called.
The SPEAKER. As no objection is made
to the proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] it is understood that
the session of to-morrow will be for debate on
the Georgia bill only, and that no other business
will be transacted. The question now is, "Will
the House receive this bill as the report of the
Committee on Reconstruction?"
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the House will
give me five minutes to make an explanation I
will withdraw my objection to the reception of
this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
there will be no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. By referring to the
Congressional Globe I learn that on Friday
last, a week ago to-day, the only day when I
have been absent from the sessions of the
House, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] reported this bill in reference to
Georgia from the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, and asked that it be put upon its passage.
Objection was made to that course by members
in different parts of the House. By some it
was objected that the bill was not printed, to
which the gentleman from Massachusetts re-
sponded that the bill was precisely like the
Virginia and Mississippi bills which had lately
become laws, therefore arguing that it was not
necessary to have this bill printed. Eventually,
upon the suggestion of the Chair that the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction had the right to
report at any time, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts moved that the bill be printed and
recommitted, which was done by order of the
House. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck. J at the same time submitted a substitute
for the bill, which was also ordered to be printed
and recommitted to the Committee on Recon-
struction with the original bill. I supposed
from this state of facts that the bill was left in
the hands of the Committee on Reconstruction,
and that some action of the committee was
necessary in order that it might be reported
back, and under that supposition I made the
point of order. I am still of the same opinion,
but I will nevertheless withdraw my objection,
as I understand that the bill was originally
reported with the understanding among those
members of tho committee who were present
on that Friday morning that each member
should have permission to go either for or
against the bill, as he might see fit, when it
should come up in the House for action.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the action of the House last evening in order-
ing the yeas and nays will be considered as
withdrawn, and the bill will be regarded as
before the House.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. This bill (H. R. No.
1335) to admit the State of Georgia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States
has been twice read. The pending question
is, "Shall'the bill be engrossed and read the
third time?"
The bill recites in the preamble that the peo-
ple of Georgia have framed and adopted a con-
stitution of State government which is repub-
lican f that the Legislature of Georgia elected
under said constitution has ratified the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States, and that the per-
formance of these several acts in good faith is
a condition-precedent to th6 represeatatioq of
the State in Congress.
The bill therefore declares that the State of
Georgia is entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United States, provided that
before any member of the Legislature of said
State shall take or resume his seat, or any
officer of said State shall enter upon the duties
of his office, he shall take and subscribe, and
file in the office of the secretary of State of
Georgia, for permanent preservation, an oath
or affirmation in the folio wingform: " I, 
 —, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
have never taken an oath as a member of Con-
gress, or as an officer of the United States, or
as a member of any State Legislature, or as
