1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3589
returned to him through his attorneys, San-
born & King.
changes on committers.
The SPEAKER announced the following
chances on committees: Mr. Whitmore, of
Texas, is ei curved from further service on the
Committee on Invalid Pensions ; Mr. Taylor,
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Peck, of Ohio, are
appointed as additional members of the Com-
iiiittoe on Invalid Pensions.
contested-election cask.
Mr. CESSNA, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report on the contested
election for the fourth district of South Car-
olina, accompanied by the following resolu-
tion :
HfJtetl, That A. S. Wallace was duly eleetod a
member of the Forty-First Congress froiu the fourth
ilistriet of South Carolina, and is entitled to thosuat
lie eiaims in this liouse.
.Mr. CESSNA. I move that the report and
resolution be printed and laid on the table;
and 1 give notice that I shall call up the case
for action on Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
duties os imports.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
>ent, introduced a bill (II. It. No. 2058) con-
cerning duties on imports; which was read a
tirst aud second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
new york election.
Mr. COX. Will the Chair allow a dispatch
to be read announcing the result of the New
York election ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
the request as a question of privilege ? [Laugh-
ter.]
ilr. COX. I should like the House to be
put in possession of the result as a matter of
information.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We used to have that
sort of thing done on the other side, somewhat
to our annoyance.
The Clerk read the dispatch, as follows:
New Yobk, May IS, 1870.
Hon. S. S. Cox, Wathingtan:
New York State Democratic over fifty thousand
majority.
A. 0. HALL.
kkcess.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Before
moving that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the naval appropriation
hill, I shall move that the Committee of the
Whole take a recess from half past four till
1 nlf past seven.
The question was put on the motion for a
r-.-ess; and there were, on a division—ayes
noes 54.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Cox, and Mr.
Washburn of Wisconsin, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 74, noes 49.
So the motion for a recess was agreed to.
close of debate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that when the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union resumes the consideration
of the naval appropriation bill all debate on
the pending paragraph and amendments thereto
shall close in twenty minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I now
move that the rales be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order, the naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Eldridge in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1533) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
j rose last evening it had under consideration
the following paragraph of the bill:
For pay of commissioned and warrant officers at
sea, on shore, on special service, and of those on the
retired list and unemployed, and for mileago or
transportation of officers traveling under orders,
$4,000,000.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] moved to amend the paragraph by add-
ing to it the following:
Provided, That no money hereby appropriated shall
hereafter be paid to any offioer in the naval service
of the United States for drawing bills, for receiving
or disbursing money, or transacting any business for
the Government of the United States: nor shall ho
be allowed servants, or pay for servants, or clothing
or rations for them, or pay for the samo^ nor shall
any allowance be mado to him for rent ot quarters,
or to pay rent for furniture, or lor lights or fuel or
transporting baggage.
The gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Stevens] moved to amend the amendment by
adding thereto the following:
Provided further. That the payment of the thirty-
three and one third per cent, additional provided for
and ordered in and by the general order of tho Sec-
retary of the Navy, dated May 23,18(56, shall be con-
tinued and paid out of this appropriation to all offi-
cers of the Navy below the grade of commodore.
The question is on the amendment to the
amendment. By order of the House all de-
bate upon this paragraph will close in twenty
minutes.
Mr. STEVEN S. I understand that tho Com-
mittee on Appropriations have since the ad-
journment last evening considered and pre-
pared an amendment fixing the pay of officers
of the Navy, substantially meeting the condi-
tions of tho amendment offered by me. I
therefore ask leave to withdraw my amend-
ment
There was no objection ; and theamendment
to the amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. By the
instruction of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, I offer the following amendment t® the
amendment:
Provided farther. That hereafter tho pay of officers
of the Navy shall be annually, in lieu of all other
compenation, as follows:
The pa? of Admiral, 812,000,
Tho pay of Vice Admiral when at sea, $9,000; when
on shore duty, 37,200; when on leave of absence or
waiting orders. $6,000.
The pay of rear admirals when at sea, $6,000; when
on shore duty, $4,S£i0; when on _ leave of absence or
waiting orders, $3,600; whenretired, $2,400.
'fhe pay of commodores when at sea, $5,000; on
shoro duty, $4,000; on leavo of absence or waiting
orders, 83,000; whenretired, $2,250.
i The V>ay of captains when at sea, $4,200; on shore
i duty, $3,360; on leave of absence or waiting orders,
' $2,520; when retired, $2,000.
■ j Tho pay of commanders when at sea, S3,500; on
i shoro duty, $2,800; on leave of absence or waiting
I: orders, $2,100; when retired, $1,800.
1 Hie pay of lieutenant commanders when at sea,
$3,125; on shore duty, $2.500; on leave of absence or
i waiting orders, $2,000; when retired, $1,700.
' I The pay of lieutenants when at soa, $2,500; onshore
duty, £2,000; on leavo of absonco or waiting orders,
; i $1,500; when retired, $1,300.
' Jho pay of masters when at sea, $2,000; on shore-
■ duty, $1,600; on leave of absence or waiting orders,
$1,200; when retired, $1,000.
The pay of ensigns when at sea, $1,600; when on
shore duty, $1,280; on leave of absence or waiting
orders, $960; when retired, $800.
And staff officers of tho Navy shall receive pay
according to their relative rank,specified in general
order of the Navy Department of March 13,1863.
Mr. Chairman, I believe that with few ex-
ceptions the Committee on Appropriations
agree with me that the allowance of thirty-
three per cent, is in violation of law, and think
it desirable that the pay of the Navy should be
fixed. They have accordingly considered the
question of fixing the pay so that there shall
be no question in regard to it. They have had
iu view the fact that the House has by a very
decided vote fixed the pay of the Army at cer-
tain fixed rates, and they have assimilated the
pay of naval officers to the pay of the Army, and
you will find that theamendment which I have
proposed, as far as the committee could do so,
has made the pay of naval officers conform to
that of officers of similar rank in the Army,
according to General Logan's bill.
J would state that thin amendment proposes
a reduction of the pay of the higher grade of
ollicers from what they have been receiving
under this thirty-three and one third percent,
allowance. It will reduce the pay of the Ad-
miral some $1,1300; of the Vice Admiral,
of the rear admiral, $CGU ; of the commodore,
$333; of the captain, $100; and of the lieu-
1 tenant commander, about two hundred dollars.
But under this amendment all the grades below
that of lieutenant commander will receive about
the same pay that they have been receiving
under the illegal orders of Secretary Welles.
We have made the pay of oflicers of the Navy
conform as near as we can make it to the pay
of Army ollicers, as lixed by the bill reported
by General Logan and passed by this llouse.
I think this is all the explanation which I need
make of this amendmeut.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to obtain some
information about this amendment. I under-
stand that by the amendment submitted by the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
the sea pay of the officers of the Navy, begin-
ning with the Admiral and going down, is iu-
creased.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. _ No, sir;
the pay of the Admiral will not be increased
over that which he now receives with the thirty-
three and one third per cent, additional allovv-
i ance; but it increases his pay $2,000 over that
1 which he is now authorized to receive by law.
j Mr. O'NEILL. I understand that the pay
j of the Admiral is to be fixed at $12,000 abso-
I lutely, being the same pay that is fixed for the
j General of the Army in the bill which passed
! this House some time ago in relation to the
' Army.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Exactly.
Mr. O'NEILL. The pay of the Admiral is
fixed at $12,000 a year under all circumstances,
and the pay of the Vice Admiral, and of all
officers below him down to and including lieu-
tenant commanders, is increased absolutely for
sea service?
. Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
state about that. By tho amendment which I
have proposed here the pay of the Admiral is
increased $2,000 above that which he is now
authorized by law to receive; the pay of the
Vice Admiral is increased $2,000; the pay of
' the rear admirals is increased $1,000 over the
statutory allowance of pay. But it does not
increase the pay which they are now receiving
. with the thirty-three and one third per cent.
•! allowance. To illustrate: under this amend-
ment a rear admiral will receive $6,000, while
with the thirty-three and one third per cent,
allowance he receives now $6,G66 66§; a
; commodore will receive $5,000, while with the
j thirty-three and one third per cent, allowance
i he gets $5,333 33J; and so on in regard to oifi-
! cers of other grades.
! Mr. O'NEILL. Then I understand that for
the lower grades of naval officers, all below
• lieutenant commanders, this amendment will
1 give them what they now receive, or absolute
pay equal to thirty-three and one third per cent.
I more than the gentleman now says they are
authorized to receive by law.
I Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Cer-
tainly.
I Mr. O'NEILL. But there are to be no allow-
! ances?
; Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir.
j Mr. ARCHER. Is the present allowance
of rations at sea cut off by this amendment?
Sir. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Every-
thing is cut off.
Mr. ARCHER. Is it proposed to cut off
the allowance of traveling expenses, while
traveling under orders?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is not.
Mr. PL ATT. The gentleman states that the
Committee on Appropriations have tried care-
fully to bring the pay of officers of the Navy to
correspond with the pay of officers of the Army
as fixed by the bill regulating the pay of the
Army which passed this House some weeks ago.
