1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4533
The second scction wag read. It provides
that the corporation named in the first section
eliall, within one year after the passage of this
act, meet and clect such officers as may be
necessary to perfeetits organization, and there-
upon, or as soon thereafter as may be, shall
open books for the enrollment of members.
Sir. DAWES. That does not say anything
about the powers given to this corporation.
-Mr. MAYNAlll). Let the first section be
read.
The first section was read. It provides that
She persons therein named, and their success-
ors, shall constitute a body-corporate by the
name of the National Life Insurance and Trust
Association, and by that name sue and be sued,
plead and bo impleaded, have and use a com-
mon seal> and have all the rights and immun-
ises necessary for the purposes of the corpora-
tion hereby created.
Mi. COOK. I was not present when this
bill was considered by the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and I desire to offer an
amendment to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. The corporate powers
of this association do not appear either jin the
first or the second section.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso:
J'rovirfcd, That the said company shall bo limited
io the District of Columbia in the transaction of its
busyness, and shall not establish any agency in any
State except in pursuance of the laws of said State.
Mr. DAWES. What is the business of this
corporation?
Mr. McKENZIE. I feel no particular inter-
est in this bill. It was examined by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and they
presumed it was all right. We supposed that
it merely granted authority to the persons
named to insure themselves and to invest the
funds.
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. I do not see any-
thing wrong in a bill for that purpose.
Mr. McKENZIE. If it is the desire that
this bill be printed, I think the Committee for
the District of Columbia will have no objec-
tion ; I am sure I have none. There is noth-
ing wrong in the bill that I know of.
Mr. WELKER. I was not present in the
committee when this bill was considered, and
consequently] do not know anything about its
provisions. But I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. McKexzie] that to
limit the operations of this insurance company
to the District of Columbia would avail noth-
ing to the association or company. _We have
provided in other cases, in regard to insurance
< nmpanies that in case they transact business
i establish branches outside of the District
1 >>y shall do so under the provisions of the
i itntes of the State where they propose to
(, ansact business. I would be unwilling to vote
i o incorporate a company that would be author-
ized to go into any State ar.d transact business
without being subject to the laws of that State.
But the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Cook] would prevent
this company from transacting any business
outside of the District. 1 do not think it would
beany benefit to the company to be incorpor-
ated tinder any such restriction as that. I sup-
pose that, likc'other insurance companies, they
Wjll want'to transact business in other States
and Territories, and they should be allowed to
do so, subject to the laws of the States where
they propose to establish branches.
Mr. COOK. My amendment says, "shall
not establish any agency in any btate except
in pursuance of the laws of said State."
The amendment moved by Mr. Cook was
then agreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to amend the first
section by striking out "Almon M. Clapp
and inserting in lieu thereof the name Oi
" James O'Connor."
Mr. WELKEE. I hope that the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Negley] will not beadopted. The corporator
whose name he moves to strike out is Mr. Clapp,
our Congressional Printer. It is within my
knowledge that Mr. Clapp has been instru-
mental to a large degree in the organization of
the company, and takes a great interest in it.
I do not think his name ought to be struck
out.
Mr. McKENZIE. I hope that the amend-
ment striking out the name of Mr. Clapp will
not be agreed to. Let the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, if he chooses, add the name
of James O'Connor.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will modify my amend-
ment, and move to insert the name of James
O'Connor as one of the corporators.
The amendment was agreed to.
On ordering the bill, as amended, to be en-
grossed for a third reading, there were—ayes
40, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Tollers were ordered; and Mr. McKenzie,
and Mr. Cobb of Wisconsin, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the telllers report-
ed—ayes 91, noes 25.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. McKENZIE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiib senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, requested the return of a bill
(S. No. 491) relating to the supreme court of
the District of Columbia, which bill was passed
by the Senate yesterday and sent to the House
for its concurrence.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a joint resolution of the following title :
Joint resolution (II. 11. No. 109) amendatory
to joint resolution for the relief of officers of
the Army, approved July 26, 18CG.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill of the following title, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. G02) to grant the right of way
for the Alameda road through certain lands in
California.
leave of absence.
By unanimous conscnt,
Mr. MOORE, of Ohio, obtained leave of
absence for ten days.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, obtained leave
of absence for one week.
Mr. MORGAN obtained leave of absence
for to-morrow.
Mr. MAYHAM obtained leave of absence
till next Monday.
marine hospital service.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
acting Secretary of the Treasury, asking for an
appropriation of $300,000 for the maintenance
of the marine hospital service for the next
fiscal year; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. BEATTY, fiom the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 1328) to establish the
department of justice;
An act (II. R. No. 1950) to authorize^ the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register
to the schooner Cavallo Marino ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 227) granting an
American register to the British-built schooner
Yenilia;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 324) granting
condenined guns to the Soldiers' Monument
Association of Adrian, Michigan; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 327) relative to
trade with British North American provinces.
paving pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. COOK. I rise for the purpose of moving
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the private Calendar, to re-
sume the consideration of the bill (S. No. 90)
to provide for the paving of Pennsylvania ave-
nue. As preliminary to that motion, I move
that all general debate on the bill just named
terminate in forty minutes afterthe Committee
of the Whole shall resume its session.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, if we go into
Committee of the Whole on the private Calen-
dar, will this bill take precedence of all others?
The SPEAKER. The third Friday of each
month is assigned for business from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia; and when
the House goes into Committee of the Whole
on that day bills reported from that committee
take precedence of all others.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend tlie motion
limiting general debate by striking out "forty
minutes" and inserting '"two hours."
On the motion there were—ayes 52, noes 23;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cook and
Mr. Coisurn were appointed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes 66, noes 36.
Mr. COOK. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] will yield to me I will move
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the AVhole on the state of the Union for the
consideration of the fortification appropriation
bill.
Mr. COOK. I wish to make a statement.
I am not going to insist on this bill being con-
sidered against the sense of the House ; but I
wish to say that we are willing to have the bill
for paving Pennsylvania avenue amended to
suit the wishes of the House. We are will-
ing that it shall be so amended that the ex-
pense of paving Pennsylvania avenue shall fall
upon property-holders and upon the citizens of
Washington. I am not going to antagonize
the sense of the House, but 1 should like to
have it taken up and considered and acted on.
We ought not to deny to the citizens of Wash-
ington the right to pave their principal street
if they are willing to pay for it. When the bi ll
comes up it will be open to amendment. This
is the last day for District of Columbia business,
and it is the last chance we shall have to bring
this bill before the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I am told that the citizens
of Washington are willing and anxious to pave
Pennsylvania avenue at their own expense, and
I do not see any good reason why we should
refuse to give them that opportunity.
Mr. YAN TltO MP. 1 should like to know
whether it is order to debate this proposition
afier the House has agreed to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The House has not yet
adjourned.
Mr. WELKER. I will state as a reason
why we should go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, that there
behind this bill to provide for paving Pennsyl-
vania Avenue, another bill to erect a jail in the
District of Columbia, which ought to be taken
up for consideration. To some gentlemen
perhaps that may be an additional reason why
we ought to go on and transact the busmc-so
of the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The question is oil too
demand for tellers on the yeas and nays. Ihe
Chair has waited in the hope that some agree-
ment mijght be reached.
