4534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cook and
Mr. Ei.dridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
So (more than one fifth of those present
having voted in the affirmative) the yeas and
nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 74, not voting
93; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Amblor, Arnell, Asper, Axtell,
Beatty, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Boles, Buckley,
Baflinton, I-Inrehard, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Uoburn, Connor, Dockory, Box, Duval, Ela, Eld-
ridse, Ferriss, Finkolnburg, Griswold, liaight,
Jlaldeman, Hamill. Harris, Hay, Hays*, Hellm,
Thomas L. jones, Knott, Lash, Lawrence, Logan,
iUoCormick, MeCrary, MoNooly, William Moore,
Morphis, Orth, Ilceves, liogcrs. Sawyer, Scoficid,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod. Joseph S.
Smith. Stiles, Rtrader, Swoeney, Taffo, Tillman,
Trimble. Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Welly, Winans, Winchester, and Witcber—G3.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Armstrong, Ayer, Uailoy,
Banks, Barry, Booker, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
WiUi.un T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conger,
Ouwles, Culloiii, Dawes. Dickey, Donley, Karnsworth,
I'erry, fisher, Fitch, Get/,, Uilfillan, llambleton,
Hamilton, lloar, Hooper, Jenckcs, Julian, Kellogg,
Kolsev, Ketehnm, Knapp, Lailin, Marshall, May-
ham, iMa.viiard,MeGrcw,McKeetMoKcnzio,Meicur,
Jeeso H. Moore, Niblack, Packard. Packer, Palmer,
Pock, i'eioc,Phelps, X'latt.X'omeroy, Potter,Prosser,
Surgoiit, Porter Sheldon, Shober, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stokes, Strong,
S\v.-mn. Tov/nsond, Twichcll, Tyner, Upson, Van
lioi n, William B.Avnshburn.Wclkcr,Wheeler,Whit-
moi e, and Kujrene M. Wilson—74.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Alwood, Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Bennett, Benton,
Bingham, Bowen, Boyd, George JY1. Brooks, James
Brook?, Buck. Burdolt, Burr, Benjamin F. Butlor,
Roderick It. Butler, Cake, Cleveland, Covode, Cox,
Orebs, Davi*, Dogonor, Dickinson, Dixon,Dyer, Fox,
Garfield, Gibson, [iale, Hawkins, llawley, Ileatou,
Jlill, lioge, ilolman, iiotchkjss. lngcrsoll, Johnson,
Alexander 11. J one?, Judd, Kelicy, Kerr, Lewis,
Lougltri'lge, Lynch, McCarthy, Milnes, Kliakim II.
jMoorc, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrcll, Samuel P.Mor-
rill. jMoni^sey, Mungen, Myersa, Negley, Newsham,
O'Neill, Paine. Peters, Poland, Porter, Randall,
Rice, llidgway, ltoots, Sanford, Schenck.Sehumaker,
yioeum, Woi'thmgton C. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stono, Stoughton, Strickland,Tan-
ner, Taylor, Van Aukcn, Van Wyek, Voorhces.Wal-
iaeo. Ward. Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T.
Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—-98.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Cobuhn's
amendment, to extend the general debate in
tho Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to two hours.
The amendment was disagreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 55, noes 05.
Mr. Cook's motion to limit debate to forty
minutes wa? then agreed to.
Mr, COOK moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and tho House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Tin; House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Cullom in the chair, j and resumed
the consideration of a bill (S. No. 90) to pro-
vide for paving Pennsylvania avenue.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amend-
ment. pending, offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Washburn,] which will
be reported by the Clerk.
The Clerk iead as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
ioilovo:
That the sum of §10,000 is hereby appropriated
from the Treasury ol' the United States for the repair
and improvement of the pavement of Pennsylvania
avenue, from tho northwest gate of tho Capitol
gnmnds to the crossing of Fifteenth street west, in
the e:ty of Washington, to be expended under the
diicot'on ol Bievct Brigadier General N. Michler,
or the cngineor in charge of the public buildings
}<pi' grounds: JJrovtded, The corporation of Washing-
ion. oi the citizens thereof, shall contribute and pay
the like pum ot $10,000, to be expended for the like
mm po&c, under direction of the same officer, within
ninety days trora the passage of this act: And pro-
i .fied/iirther, That the Washington and Georgetown
JUdroad Company shall be required to repair and
impiorc in like manner that portion of the pave-
ment lying between the tracks of their road, to
the satisfaction and approval of tho said officer or
engineer in charge, as aforesaid.
Mr. COOK. I desire, on behalf of the com-
mittee, to offer an amendment. Wo lind on
examining the charter of the railroad company
that the amendment which I offer is necessary.
I send it to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In section three, lino soventoen, after the word
"provided" insert the following: .
The said railroad company shall have tho right to
construct that portion of tho pavement which it is
required to pay for, under tho direotion of said com-
missioners, and if said railroad company shall not
construct that portion of said work in as substantial
a mannor, and as rapidly, and, except between the
rails, with tho same material, as tho residue of said
work shall bo constructed, then tho same shall bo
constructed under the direction of said cominissionors
in the sauic manner as tho other portions of the said
work.
Mr. COOK. 1 now yield to my colleague
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Gilfillan] to offer
an amendment.
Mr. GILPILLAN. I offer an amendment,
which 1 send to tho desk to be read:
Amend suction threo by striking out tho words
" twenty-two feet outward" in tho tenth lino, and in
the eleventh line tho words "011 oach sido of the
avenuo," inserting instead tho words " to tho lino
within two feel of i.lio said railroad traok lying next
to tho sido of tho street 011 which said private lots or
parts thereof front."
Amend tho samo section in tho twenty-first,
twenty-second, twenty-third, and twonty-fourlh
lines by striking out tho words "tho residue of
pavomont lying between thepart paid for by privato
owners and that paid for Uy tho railroad company
shall bo paid for by tho Unitod States Government."
In linos twcnty-fivo and twenty-six strike out tho
words "orwhero avenues or lettered streets inter-
sect it," and tho words "and iiUorsQctioiis."
In section five, lino twenty-seven, strike out the
words "purchaso-monoy," and insert the words
" tho debt," and in lino twonty-oight strike out tho
word " purchase" and insert "indebtedness."
In section six, line nine, striko out the words
"one hundred and," and at tlio ond thereof insort
tho words "and that no part of suoh appropriation
shall bo applied to tho paving of any part of said
avenue, exuept that portion lying directly in front
of public reservations and within two 1'cet of tho
said railroad track."
Mr. ALLISON. I should like to have some
explanation of tho eil'ect of those various
amendments.
Mr. COOK. It was my intention to give
such an explanation. The first amendment,
that which I have offered on behalf of the com-
mittee, provides simply that the railroad com-
pany may themselves, if theypreferit, construct
that portion of the pavement which they are
required to pay for. If they do not construct
it in the manner provided for by the commis-
sioners, then the commissioners will construct
it at the expense of the railroad company. The
amendment offered by my colleague 011 the
committee changes the whole thing in this re-
spect, that private owners instead of being
required to construct the work twenty-two feet
outward on each side of the avenue from the
curb line, are required to construct it from the
curb line to within two feet of the line of the
railroad ; that is, to the line of the paving which
the railroad company is required to do.
I hold in my hand a map which shows what
property is owned by the Government, of the
United States on the line of the avenue. As
regards tho cost I can only give a guess, but
I suppose it will cost the Government from
twenty-iive'to twenty-eight thousand dollars
to pay for the sections of the avenue opposite
the public grounds and reservations along the
line of the avenue, unless the market square
should be required to be paved by the company
which now has possession of it. That, I think, is
right. If this amendment should be adopted
requiring the company holding the market
square, the company to whom it was granted
the other day, to make the pavement in front
of that square, it would reduce the cost to the
United States.
I have had an estimate carefully prepared
by the engineer, and as the bill now stands I
find that according to that estimate the prop-
erty-holders on the avenue would bo required,
according to the highest rate wliieh the bill
will allow—which is four dollars per square
yard—to pay 
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman say
what he means by "property-holders?"
Mr. COOK. I mean private holders of prop-
erty abutting on the avenue. As the bill now
stands the corporation of Washington would
be compelled to pay $60,700, tho railroad com-
pany about thirty thousand dollars, and the
United States $111,528. That is on the basis
that the paving of this< avenue will be let at the
highest price authorized by this bill. I suppose
that under open competition it could be done
for fifty cents or one dollar per square yard
less than the highest price authorized by this
bill. This bill provides that this paving shall
not cost more than four dollars per square
yard. I think it can be done, and that it would
be done for not more than three dollars and a
half per square yard. The question for this
Committee of the Whole to determine is
whether the Government shall paifor any
portion of this paving except immediately in
front of the public grounds, such as the Botanic
Garden, Market square, and the several small
reservations along the avenue.
Mr. ALLISON. Why not offer an amend-
ment providing that the company to which has
been granted a lease of the market-house res-
ervation shall pay for the paving in front of
that property?
Mr. COOK. There is an amendment pend-
ing that the owners of the private property
shall pay for the paving in front of llieir prop-
erty. I shall not antagonize the sense of the
House on this bill. I only claim that this
avenue should be paved in some way. The
United States claim the right to control the
avenue ; there is no other power to provide
for paving the avenue except the power which
is in Congress. I think some way should be
provided for paving the avenue, either by the
property-holders along the avenue, or by the .
Government, or by both. My own opinion is
that the Government should pay a part of the
expense, and for this reason : to require the
property-holders of this city to pave the avenue
would be taxing them for improving an avenue
over which Congress holds the right and power
to provide how and when it shall be paved. If
the principle be a correct one that the citizens
of this city should themselves keep this avenue
paved and in repair, then they should have the
power to say how it should be done and to
determine the cost. But inasmuch as we have
the power of determining the cost and of say-
ing how this work shall be'done, and they have
no voice in the matter, it seems to me that it
would be but fair and right that the Govern-
ment should pay some portion of the expense.
The bill as it now stands provides that the
Government shall pay about one third of tho
entire cost; and if amendments now pending
should be adopted the Government will be
called upon to pay a less amount.
Mr. COBURN. What will be the entire
cost of paving the avenue ?
Mr. COOK. 1 have once stated that.
Mr. COBURN. I di.d not hear what the
gentleman said.
Mr. COOK. Under the bill as it now stands
the private property-holders 
Mr. COBURN. I mean under the bill as it
is proposed to amend it.
Mr. COOK. The private property-holders
would be required to pay, in addition to what
they are now required to pay, a part of what
would come 011 the Government under the bill
as it now stands.
Mr. ALLISON. What kind of pavement,
does this bill provide for ?
Mr. COOK. The bill does not provide for
any particular kind of pavement., it provides
that the Secretary of the Interior, the mayor
of the city of Washington, and General Michlor
shall constitute a commission to select and
determine the best kind of pavement to be
used in paving Pennsylvania avenue. it
places no limitation upon them, except that
the pavement shall not cost, more than four
dollars psr square yard. It also provides that
between the tracks of Die street railways the •
