390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
tionably be ati act of bad faith, an attempt to !
commit a fraud.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So it would, and we can i
act upon it as we did in reference to Georgia, :
without anything in the bill on the subject.
Mr. MORTON. Precisely so ; and that is
what I insist is the effect of the amendment. !
Now, as to whether an attempt of that kind at
the end of two years, and after an election lias
taken place and a new Legislature comes in,
as to whether the act would stand upon the
same foundation and have the same mora!
character, I will not undertake to say. I
Mr. EDMUNDS. This amendment is per- i
petual, you see. :
Mr. MORTON. But so far as the case that ;
we are considering is concerned, the possibility 1
of an attempt on the part of Virginia to rescind !
her ratification of the fifteenth amendment |
before enough other States have ratified it to !
make it a part of the law of the land, would 1
be an act of bad faith, an attempt to commit a
fraud, and the power of the Government would i
be unquestioned to redress that wrong, because '
the ratification of the fifteenth amendment is
one of the conditions of admission, !
I will further say to my friend from Alabama ;
that I hold that the power of the Government :
in regard to maintaining republican govern- '
ment in the States is not confined to the recon-
structed States. The Constitution provides that
Congress shall guaranty to every State a re-
publican form of government. What does that
mean? It does not mean to wait until the gov-
eminent has been destroyed by a revolution
and then set it up again, but the word "guar-
anty" is there used in the sense of securing,
and we have a right to interfere in the State
ot Massachusetts if it should be necessary to
secure to the State of Massachusetts a repub-
lican form of government. Is the answer sat-
isfactory to my friend?
Mr. WA RNEft. The point that I wished to
make was, leaving out of view the question of
fundamental conditions, whether the stain of
lcbellion was forever to remain upon these
reconstructed States; whether, leaving out of
view the violation of fundamental conditions,
ot conditions-precedent to admission, the State
ot Alabama, to be more explicit, having been
admitted, stands upon any different footing
than any other State, or whether Congress has
any more right to interfere in Alabama than it
would have in Massachusetts, supposing that
she does not violate any of the fundamental
conditions on which she was admitted?
Mr. WILSON. I propose, Mr. President, to
w* ,a.w , s amendment to tlio amendment
oUered by the Senator from Missouri, with tlie
intention of modifying it somewhat and moving
it as an amendment to the joint resolution itself.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
-Massachusetts withdraws his proposed amend-
ment to the amendment, and the question re-
curs upon the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
nf n'1"' SUMNER. Mr. President, at this stage
oi he discussion I desire to introduce a memo-
rial, which has been placed in my hands, signed
Y, **ar86 number of loyal Republican citizens
pt Virginia now here in Washington making
St?teS°-nts with reKarcl to the actual
condition ot affairs m Virginia. I think it
of fhU fnf rhe £e?ate should be possessed
01 this information before it votes on any pend-
' f ^Senate sliouldVe "n-
picssed by it, as I confess I am, it will find
new occasion to hesitate in the present pro-
coodi"g I send the memorial to the Chair, and
ask to have it read. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
 iH report the paper.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
State to representation upon such terms that a loyal
civil government may bo maintained and the rights
of loyal men secured, which we feel assured cannot
be the case ii anj* condition less than the application
of the test-oath to tho Legislature sball he imposed
by tho Congress.
The loyal people of Virginia have had no hearing
before the Judiciary Committee of the Senate,"or no
notice or information, direct o r indirect, that the
committee intended to consider the question of our
admission, until after the same had been acted on
and a bill bad been reported to the Senate for the
immediate and unconditional admission of the Btate.
Could the views and situation of the six hundred
thousand loyai people of Virginia whom we repre-
sent, and who are now enduring oppression at the
hands ot the rebels in its most cruel forms, have
been represented before the committee we do not
behevc any such bill would hare been reported.
It a hearingrcan now bo had, and which we respect-
fully request may be granted, we pledge ourselves
to show by sworn witnesses of irreproachable char-
acter, residing in Virginia—among them judges,
military commissioners, members of Congress, the
- Legislature, registration officers, and conductors of
the election. &e.—-
3. That the majority of the Legislature were
elected by intimidation, fraud, violence, and pre-
vention of free speech, but principally by the first-
named auxiliary ; and hereupon we respectfully
suggest whether it would not bo as well to adhere to
the existing reconstruction acts, which expressly
tWrvTTl tlrk f ll .1 t T 1 J*. i 1, ^ C? J L - " - _ _1 .Ji . 1 f\
Is that all'! «.
Here follow the names.
Read the signatures.
Who lias signed that
nit- cAutujj, x ccuiiMrueuoii acts, wmcn expressly
provide that before the State is admitted Congress
mu-^t be satisfied "that all the qualified voters had
opportunity to vote freely without restraint, fesr, or
the influence of fraud."
2. That murders and all sorts of outrages are per-
petrated by rebels upon loyalists, and because of
, their loyalty, m which frequently no attempt to
arrest is made, and when the offenders are brought
i to trial, rebel juries—colored men being as rigidly
;l excluded from the jury-box as if they had commit-
i ted some great crime—are ready and fast to acquit.
o. ihat the right of secession has never been
! renounced, but is now as firmly and universally be-
1 lieved in by the white people of Virginia as at any
period during the war.
4. That it was publicly stated in the canvass by
the leaders of the so-called Walker party that they
merely supported tho expurgated constitution for
the purpose of securing the admission of the State,
and advocated the election of their candidates to the
i Legislature and for Governor and State officers for
i tho fl.VflWP(l rmrnnco of r\ ^v..s 
n, ,, , , Washington, January 1], iSTu
Jo (he honorable the Seriate of the United States •
ViroS^°iim^erpi?^ed',Ioyfll ^Publican citizens of
wfcuvi 5. day assembled in the city of
r/fv?' n on consultation, and having duly or^an-
wTUS- Pres?ntt0 your honorable body
t we die anxious for tho prompt admission of the
™.... wa.uiiuiuuic™i ana stateofficers lor
the avowed purpose of defeating its provisions in
toehalj ol human rights and general education; and
on this basis they secured the support of the Conserv-
ative party for the expurgated constitution and their
state and legislative tickets.
5. We will show that the pledge made by the Tur-
ner delegation that the Legislature would carry out
the new constitution in its spirit was made with no
purpose whatever of ever being fulfilled. We will
prove that some of the leading members of thatdele-
gation shortly afterward publicly avowed that the
pledge was only given for the purpose of gaming
admission, and they stated that after that event
,,thoy,,—mining theCongressoftheUnitedStates—
would find they had got a lion in the sheep-fold."
£■ pauty als° stated that when General
-Butler told him he would "take the word of a Vir-
11 fman,'i eifelt % his watch, because he
■ ' m? ^ general had vory taking ways" with him.
! ihes also said that when asked to add to their memo-
SjMtwri for unconditional admission the
It  .??„t H ^ jje?lslature: would carry out the eon-
, stitufcion, that they would just as readily, if asked
have certified that General Butler never stole any
t 'r oT ^,ore abul° 1f a shameful eharac-
. tcr ot beneial Uutler: and chuckling over their
! Sd State? Lim and th6 Co°6*®fof the
n^'iilt0i Governor Walter was a cop-
pc  head during tlie war, m full sympathy with the
I ",%)1.l0n- all4 President of the "Invincible CJub"
' 01 Chicago, wmeh was organized for the purpose of
. rescuing rebel prisoners from Camp Douglas; and
that his political proclivities have undergone no
, change since he has been in Virginia.
I ofcantlitiate of the rebel party of the city
?£ „ i two years ago for a seat in the constitu-
■' tin « convention, and out. of a poll of nearly two
. thousand eolored votes received only eio-ht
Jio publicly stated in the canvass lastsummer that
he should vote for General Robert E. Lee for Gov-
, «rnor, because he was the greatest soldier of the age,
same poHticafpfatform Uenera! U° C00upied tho
We will also show thattiovernor Walker is pledged
'th!! T-1^ o^i^tion clause of the new
J™StoSof1hV^ate.Kd the
Ve can also show that oven since his election M
lias publicly referied to tne State of Virginia as hav-
ing- been under usurpation and tyranny for tho last
j four years-meaning thereby, if the language mo ,nt
OnnlJro?ounce the reconstruction policy of
° evolutionary and void.
/. inese and other facts which can be e<5fcablkbr>rl
■; will doubtless satisfy the Senate that Virginia oueht
i' clioTJ T\n i>-,r t
unless the congressioMlfe^lft
Several Senators.
The Chief Clerk,
Several Senators.
Mr. STEWART.
paper ?
Mr. SUMNER. Read the signatures.
The Chief Clerk. There are several sig-
natures obliterated ; the others are:
ISAAC P. BALDWIN.
Chairman, Prince William count)/.
WILLIAM T. EAIllEY, _ "
Secrctar?/, 11 ichmond, Yirninia.
SBY, Richmond, Viraiml.
llOilbltl IN ASTOjN , York county, Virginia.
P. H. MONTAGUE, Richmond,
ISTJBNHAM WARD WELL, Richmond.
WILLIAM E. CROCKETT,
GEOEGE C. MAKSHAiL,0""1'^ r',W',U"'
JAMES T. 8. UYwtUlmHaV-Vir0Ma-
fw-T- ^ Albemarlecounti/,Virginia.
BAiiLABD T. EDWARDS,
^. Chesterfield county, Virainict.
V William county.
'^"p" 50™™^' ^c^mon(^, y^roinia.
CHARLES ILmTmf eo'"l^Vi'ai'lU'-
LUTHER C. TlBBmSMiCl""°"d- r"S"'ia-
r . ,r ,„T, rredericbibvra, Virginia.
t t.^ • ' %chmo^l'i, Virginia.
^.vr,-Tvr jr., Norfolk county, Virginia.
SAMUEL D. WILLIAMSON,
r fr „ Campbell county, Virginia.
J. H . jj IjUOU, Powhatan county, Virginia.
Mr. CONKLING. Are there signatures
which have been erased?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that there are signatures which have
been erased.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Chair;
these are the autographic signatures, and the
others were copied by the secretary of the
meeting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those erased are
all written in one handwriting.
Mr. STEWART. Now, inasmuch as this
paper has been read I desire to have a docu-
ment that I have in my hands read.
Mr. NYE. I hope my colleague will give
way to me for a few moments.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. NYE. I believe the question before tne
Senate is in relation to the adoption of the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion. ^
Mr. NYE. I cannot see what applicability
the memorial which has been presented by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts has to
that question ; and I submit to him and sub-
mit to the Senate whether this memorial is re-
spectful in its language, and whether this body
ought not to resent it as a reproach upon a
member of a coordinate branch of this Govern-
ment. I am utterly surprised that the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts should have pre-
sented a memorial reflecting in the most severe
ana in the meanest and lowest possible manner
upon a colleague of his in the other branch of
this Congress.
_ Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does me great
injustice, though of course I know he does not
intend that.
Mr. NYE. Certainly not; but I think the
senator did not read the paper,
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Nevada
has not read it, for had he read it he would
not, have made his remark. The memorial
bears on this present movement to precipitate
Vrgima back into the Union. The memo-
rialists set forth the conversations of certain
agents who came here representing the move-
ment for immediate admission with regard to
a distinguished colleague of mine in the other
Mouse. It is what they said with regard to
him that is set forth in the memorial, and it is
set torth as showwg what little confidence can
placed m those men who are pressing for-
ward this movement. I say that the memorial
is proper.
Mr. NY'E. Mr. President, ihat is simply a
question of taste, on which the honorable Sen-
