2646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
no way interferes with the power of Congress
to legislate for the State of Georgia.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator gave it as his
legal opinion that the constitution of Georgia
could not be so construed as to permit uie
Legislative Assembly of that State to perpetu-
ate its power, because the fact of such perpet-
uation being possible was an argument mcst
strong against the construction of those who
desired so to interpret the constitution as to
perpetuate their power. The consequence
resulting from such a construction was so
enormous, so iniquitous in the mind of the
Senator from Oregon that he could not permit
such a construction to be placed upon that
instrument; and yet that very iniquitous con-
sequence he asks us, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, to accomplish here by virtue of a
supreme imperial power not derived from the
Constitution of the United States, and utterly
subversive of every principle upon which free
government rests.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And in spite of the con-
stitution of Georgia.
Mr. FERRY. Yes, and in spite, too, of his
own construction of the constitution of Geor-
gia. Sir, what are we doing here? We are
not passing laws for the provisional govern-
ment of a State not yet admitted into the
Union. The bill before us proposes to admit
the State of Georgia to representation in Con-
gress, ami the moment that bill becomes a law,
Georgia stands up in her old place in this
Union, clothed with all the rights and all the
immunities of any one of the States of this
Republic; and yet by a sheer act of Congress
we are to create the legislative authority of
that State for the next two years without per-
mitting the people to exercise their elective
function in choosing their own Legislature ac-
cording to their own constitution.
Why, sir, two years ago the people of Georgia
chose a Legislature in great part, in accord-
ance with the constitution of their State. They
derived their power from that constitution
whose creatiou had been authorized by Con-
gress. They expected, you expected, we all
expected that when the two years' life of the
Legislature so chosen should terminate, the
people would resume their functions and clothe
another Legislature with the legislativeauthor-
ity of their State by their own election. But
now, sir, when this Legislature shall have be-
come dead—I care not whether it be legal or
illegal, whether every member of it be entitled
to his seat or not—when it shall have become
dead and its individual members shall have
gone back to their individual citizenship, when
not one of them will have one particle of legis-
lative power for the State of Georgia remain-
ing in him, we are to revivify that legislative
power, and by an act of sheer authority to
make a Legislature for the State of Georgia for
the next two years. And this is Republican
doctrine in this year of our Lord 1870, and I
am to be twitted that I will not sustain loyal
men and that I side with Democrats and rebels
because I will not consent in my place as a
Senator of the United States to an outrage
like this 1
Sir, go back in your memory to the summer
of 1856 ; remember what it was that gave this
grand Republican party of ours its mighty
impulse in that year, the impulse under whose
power it went on year after year increasing
in strength until it swept this nation like a
whirlwind. It was the effort in that year of
an unholy majority in the Congress of the
United States attempting to force upon the
people of the State of Kansas a constitution and
a Legislature to which they never agreed. In
God's name, sir, are we now in this day—we,
the champions of the rights of man ; we who
have founded our faith upon the Declaration
of Independence—are we to begin again the
old, miserable Lecompton schemes of iniquity
and outrage, only changing the theater of action
to Georgia?
Sir, when men wish to do such things as
these there are always pretenses. I beg par-
don if I speak too warmly. I do not intend
to impute evil motives to those with whom I
disagree; but upon this subject I feel strongly,
and if at any time in the course of what I am
about to say I seem to speak too warmly I
ask pardon in advance.
Now, sir, suppose it to be true that there is
outrage and insecurity to person and property
in the State of Georgia; is that any reason why
we should assume authority like this, breaking
down all the barriers which all constitutions
have interposed between unauthorized assump-
tions of power and the rights of the people?
Is there no other way in which we can accom-
plish security to person and property in Georgia
except by violating fundamental principles?
The Senator from Oregon says that his anx-
iety to put an end to the scenes of lawless out-
rage. to put an end to secret assassinations and
murder in the State of Georgia, causes him to
overlook the irregularity of continuing this
Legislature in power. Irregularity ! Why,
sir, you might precisely as well name any one
hundred and fifty citizens of the United States
gathered from any part of the Republic as the
Legislature of Georgia, as those who constitute
its present Legislature of Georgia, to make
laws for it for the next two years.
Mr. President, this is the way from the be-
ginning that the effort to perpetuate by any
authority the legislative functions of this pres-
ent General Assembly after they shall have
expired by limitation of law has struck me. I
felt most strongly the force of the concluding
remarke of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schurz] on this subject a few weeks ago. It
is true, sir, that the strength of the Repub-
lican party from its very origin has been its
strong foundation, deep in the moral convic-
tions of our people. It was the feeling of the
wrong of extending the system of human sla-
very over the continent to the Pacific, brought
out into action by the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, which first brought the young
Republican party into existence. It was the
infinite wrong and outrage perpetrated upon
the people of Kansas that stimulated the vigor
of that party and carried it to its onward
growth^ as I have already said. It was the
love of the people of the United States for
those great principles incorporated in the Dec-
laration of Independence, principles which
they thought at least they saw endangered by
the action of the then dominant party in the
country, which occasioned the overthrow of
that party.
It was the indomitable love of our people for
those principles, for the great principle, above
all, that all just Governments are founded upon
the consent of the governed, that strengthened
the arm of your citizen soldiery all through the
toil and labor and blood of the recent war.
It is that deep and abiding love of the funda-
mental principles upon which free Governments
rest that has made the people stand by us all
through the contest of reconstruction, and
which has assigned Andrew Johnson to the in-
famy which he so well deserves. It has caused
the people to overlook errors which we may
have committed. It has caused the people to
judge us leniently at all times. It gathers
them about us now. But, sir, if we here, on
any pretense, subvert those very principles for
which the hearts of our people beat so warmly,
we shall strike upon a rock on which the Re-
publican party itself may split and go down.
Why, sir, I remember a warning given by
Daniel Webster as long ago as 1837. When
the annexation of Texas was being talked of,
on his way home from Washington he was
invited by the merchants of the city of New
York to speak to them at Niblo's Garden. He
referred to the subject of the annexation of
Texas. He said that it had been suggested
that that scheme was in the interest of slavery,
for building up and strengthening that institu-
tion ; and he told his auditors " the northern
States will stand faithfully by the compromises
of the Constitution, but this institution is re-
pugnant to their first convictions of right and
wrong, and if for any purpose you attempt to
extend its power beyond those compromises
you will strike upon a rock upon which the
ship of State itself may go down." I do not
give his language, but that is the substance of
it. So now you are in danger, in your mad
efforts to secure ascendency in a single one of
the southern States, of striking against the
deepest sentiment of the hearts of the people
of the northern States, and you will lose your
power there in your mad effort to gain it at
the other extremity of the continent. I beg
Senators to devise some other mode of com-
pleting the work of reconstruction. Let us
remand Georgia to military government; let
us pass the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] anything rather than
to do what will be clearly seen by a keen-eyed
people to be a sheer usurpation upon the rights
of the people of one of the States.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, I am aware
that the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Drake] is not definitely before the
Senate; yet the remarks which I propose to
submit, partially on the admission of Georgia,
I also propose to apply to the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri, with the consent
of the Senate.
We ought always to remember, when we are
dealingwith the question of reconstruction, that
we are in a measure outside of formulas and
precedents and law, as deduced from expe-
rience and constitutional provisions. The
Constitution did not seem to contemplate the
disruption of the Union, such as we have seen,
and consequently there was no precise pro-
vision for its reconstruction. We are politic-
ally like Columbus when his prows pointed
out into the unknown sea, where the old count-
ing of stars, after the manner of the Trojans,
was useless. We are in statesmanship beyond
highways and beaten paths. We are in a wil-
derness of statesmanship, where there is no
path except that which we hew as we proceed.
As we advance we must devise new expe-
dients, and we look in vain for old forms. As
the wanderer in the fresh wilderness, or as the
old mariners on the trackless ocean, we cannot
expect to be guided by the old landmarks and
tread in the familiar ways.
I have said that the Constitution did not pro-
vide for the disintegration and demolition of this
Government; the confederate constitution did.
To one who studies the mechanism of onr gov-
ernmental structure it is remarkable how well
it was fortified as against outside aggression,
and how indifferently it was protected against
internal dissension. And it is not wonder-
ful that our Government did not in its funda-
mental law contemplate its own destruction, nor
provide constitutional means and provisions for
it. Therefore I do not follow implicitly those
exceedingly legal gentlemen—those men who
are afraid to step unless they can do it under
the guidance of old precedents; who do not
dare to legislate unless every joint is legally
dovetailed ; who are afraid to cut the Gordian
knot. Much less do I implicitly follow the
hair-splitters, the hypercritics, who all the
way along are squinting lest, perchance, there
may be some slight irregularity.
We have a work to do. The old structure
was mutilated ; we are to rebuild it. If in this
work new and extraordinary machinery is re-
quired differing from the old and stereotyped,
or even if new principles in statesmanship may
be announced and novel measures suggested,
it does not cause me to hesitate in the work.
The statesmen all knew how to admit now
States into the Union; but they did not know
until they had devised the method how to
readmit States which had unnaturally separ-
ated from the Union. So we knew how to
treat an individual crime of treason, but not
