5478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
I
the briolc footways ami resetting the ourbstones along
the avenue front of the Botanio Garden, and neces-
sary contingent expenses, and tho expense of grad-
ing be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, and the same shall bo paid upon tho requisition
of the commissioners named in saidaot. And said
commissioners in paving said avenue shall have the
power to establish tho glade of tho same and con-
form the sidewalks thereto; and the corporate au-
thorities of thecity of Washington are hereby author-
ized to assess and oolleot a tax sufficient to defray
all expenso imposed upon said city for paving said
avenue by the act aforesaid.
The Senate passed a bill providing for pav-
ing Pennsylvania avenue. That bill provided
that the Government should pay the expense
of paving opposite tlie Botanic Garden and
apposite the little parks along the avenue, and
it provided, furthermore, that one half of the
additional expense should be paid by the Gov-
ernment, first, however, deducting that strip
in the center of the avenue which the railroad
company were bound to pave. That bill went
to the House. It was killed ; and the House
sent us another bill which we have passed.
That bill provided that the Government should
pay for paving opposite the Botanic Garden ;
that the city should pay for the paving at the
intersection of the streets and opposite the
parks, and leaving all the rest of the avenue to
je paved by the property-holders. When that
bill was before the Senate the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] said it was an unjust
bill. I felt every word that the Senator from
Kentucky uttered to be true to the letter; but
I had information which led me to believe that
we must take that bill to pave Pennsylvania
avenue or none at all, and I sat in silence and
heard the just words of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, because I believed it was only possible
to get through a, bill of that character.
Now, sir, this ameudment proposes to put
back tho payment of that sum as the Senate
originally proposed it in their bill, and it is
just. To ask the property-holders upon the
avenue to pay the whole expenses of paving
is an outrage, and nothing short of an out-
rage, in my judgment. An ordinary store
with a frontage of thirty feet will incur a tax
of between four and five hundred dollars.
The paving of Pennsylvania avenue is for the
whole city, and not only for the whole city, but
for the whole nation, or those of the nation
who have occasion to pass and repass on it.
If there is anything just on earth, itis that the
Government shall come in and share equally
with the property-holders in paving the avenue.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not concur with the
honorable Senator from Maine in his ideas of
justice. Tho people who live on the otter
streets pay for paving the streets in front of
their property, and I see no difference between
(lie owner of property on another street in
Washington city and the owner of properly
on Pennsylvania avenue, other than that the
property on Pennsylvania avenue is worth
much more money m proportion to its front-
age, is much more valuable, and on that ac-
count the owner on Pennsylvania avenue is
much better able to pay the expense of paving.
I hat is all there is in it. The Government
has been in the habit of defraying the expenses
of keeping in lepair Pennsylvania avenue up
to this time, and that is the whole claim which
the owners of property on that street have to
a continuation of the bonus.
Mr. HAMLIN. One word in reply to the
Senator from Iowa. It has been the rule here-
tofore, and up to the present time, for the Gov-
ernment>to pave all the avenues, and the citi-
zens to pave the streets in this city. If you
impose upon the landholders on Pennsylvania
avenue the expense of paving one half of the
street, you will impose a sum equal to that
which is now imposed upon ttfose who live
upon the streets; because the avenue is twice
as wide as tho streets, and you will therefore
assess as much of a tax upon property-holders
on the avenue as is now assessed on the streets,
the avenue beiug twice as wide.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me one minute, some of the streets in
the city that are called streets and are not
avenues are as wide as Pennsylvania avenue
will be when you deduct the space occupied
by the railroad track and two feet on each side
of it. Deduct that proportion of Pennsylvania
avenue, and the rest will be no wider than many
of the streets in Washington city.
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that Con-
gress, having laid out these streets as wide as
they are for the purpose of the national cap-
ital, the United States ought to bear its just
proportion in keeping them in order and im-
proving them. No people would lay out a
city in this way for the mere accommodation
of the citizens. The city has been laid out
on that scale for the accommodation of the
nation. It is a scale that makes it impossible
for the people to keep the city in any respect-
able order. It seems to me that the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia should bring
in a proposition which I will suggest to the
chairman of that committee. Perhaps there
may not be time to do it at this session, but it
certainly ought to be done. The Government
of the United States should appropriate, an-
nually, the same amount, in proportion to tho
value of the property it has in the District,
that the citizens are required to pay in taxes.
That should be an annual appropriation, and
it should be a special fund to bo used for the
improvement of streets ; then allow a reason-
able amount to be assessed upon the property-
owners, both upon the avenues and the streets,
in proportion to the amount that they are ben-
efited. Of course the Government should
bear a larger proportion in the avenues and
wide streets which are most extensively used
for the Government; but, at all events, tho
Government should bear an equal proportion
for the property it owns in the District with
tho people who live in it. The city is on a
grander scale than those people would have
laid it out, or any other people.
It seems to mo that there should be an
ample appropriation made in this way yearly,
and that the chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia should not be under
the necessity of coming in here every year and
asking for these little items. There should be
an annual appropriation for this purpose. The
Government should bear its proportion of the
burden of supporting and maintaining theeity
fairly and honestly. If we are not to do that,
letus have narrow streets, as we have in other
cities, and abandon the public property. But
if the public property is to be here, if wo arc
to_ have public parks here, if the city is to be
laid out on a scale becoming the national cap-
ital, it is absurd to say that those who live hero
should improve it at their own expense; it is
impossible for them to do it; and any attempt
to do so will be-a failure.
It seems to me if there was a general prop-
osition that each year the Government should
appropriate a sum, in proportion to the value
of its property, to be under the control of a
board, and to be applied to the legitimate pur-
pose of improving these streets, and that to
be in tho^ annual appropriation bills, the whole
people of thc_ country would see the justice of
that proposition.
So far as this particular amendment is con-
cerned there is no doubt that it, should prevail.
It is doing but very little, not half as much as
we ought to do. But at the next session I hope
there will be a general proposition which shall
strike the common sense and justice of the
whole country, that the nation shall bear its
share in proportion to the value of its property,
as compared with that owned by private indi-
viduals, to keep this city in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say to my friend
from Nevada and to the Senate that precisely
what he has suggested we have already com-
menced. In the bill that we have passed
through the Senate providing for the govern-
ment of this District we have required an actual
return of all the property of the city, both of
the Government and of individuals, for the sole
purpose of furnishing the basis upon which we
can do precisely what the Senator from Nevada
has suggested. That was the object and intent.
We have therefore taken the first step in that
direction, andthat beiug complied with we shall
take the second and carry it out at another
session of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer one more amend-
ment, to insert as an additional section the
following:
And be it further cnacted. That the corporation of
Washington shall have power to issue certificates
of indebtedness, not to exceed in amount $100,000, in
addition to tho sum heretofore authorised, arid to
bear interest at the rato of seven and three tenths
per cent, per annum, and to be redeemable within
live years from the date of issue; the said certificates
not to be of a less denomination than fifty dollars,
and to be receivable for taxes due said corporation
to such amount yearly as such corporation may des-
ignate by law, not however to exceed fifty per cent,
of the amount due by any tax-payer. And said cer-
tificates shall be used for no other purpose than the
payment of the ascertained indebtedness of the cor-
poration of the city of Washington to the Gth day of
June, 1870.
The present city government, on coming
into power, finds itself burdened with a float-
ing debt of nearly a million dollars. This is a
proposition to take care of that debt perma-
nently. They do not want to issue permanent
bonds, but they they desire to issue certificates,
so that they can be taken up in that way ; and
it is limited to five years. They have not the
present means of paying this debt, and there is
no other way to meet it. They desire the right
to issue their certificates for that period of
time, within which theyhope to take themup.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend, the chairman
of tho Committee on Appropriations, has been
very desirous that I should move to raise some
of the appropriations in this bill, and being
exceedingly anxious to gratify him, I have
looked over his bill carefully, and at last I have
found one appropriation that ought to be raised.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In what State?
Mr. THURMAN. It is in a State called
Ohio, in a town called Columbus, where I hap-
pen to live.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I know it
must be entirely from patriotic motives.
Mr. THURMAN. Entirely so. L iues five
hundred and thirty-seven and five hundred and
thirty-eight, on page twenty-three, now read,
"for Columbus arsenal, for grading, making
roads and drains, $1,000." The estimate of
the Department was ยง5,000; and I am able to
say from my personal knowledge that $5,000
are required. This is one of tho most import-
ant arsenals in the United States. The Gov-
ernment owns between fifty and sixty acres of
land there, if my memory is correct; a beauti-
ful piece of land, very level, but needing grad-
ing and rolling fully as much as will require
$'j,000. I do not see why this a-ppropnatiosi
was cut down. I move, therefore, to strike out
one and insert "five," which is the esti-
mate of the Department, and I hope my friend
will agree to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
mend from Ohio has been so attentive to ail
these bills, and has been defeated on so many
propositions to amend them, that I have a
solicitude that he should have his wuv upon
something, [Laughter.]
Mr. IHUliATAN*. "ies ; I have been beaten
on everything else.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, as (o his
remark that he does not see why this was cut
down, if my honorable friend will look with
eyes of general infereft, instead of local, I
think he will see the reason why. It is because
in limiting the expenditures mid appropria-
tions they have all been sealed dovin rigidly,
