APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 9,
41st Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
copyrights.
Act of February 35, 1819, chapter 19, volume
3, page 481.
February S, 1831, chapter 16, volume
4, page 486.
June 30, 1834, chapter 157, volume 4,
page 728.
August 18, 1850, chapter 169, volume
11, page 138.
February 5, 1859, chapter 22, volume
11, page 380.
February 18,1861, chapter 37. volume
12, page 130.
Marcli 8,1805, chapter 120, volume 13,
page 540.
February 18,1867, chanter 43, volume
14, page 395.
' Approved, July 8, 1870.
Chap. CCXXXV.—An Act to amend "An
Act granting the flight of Way to Ditch and
Canal Owners over the Public Lauds, and
for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act granting the
right of way to ditch and canal owners over
the public lands, and for other purposes, ap-
proved July twenty-six, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, be, and the same is hereby, amended
by adding thereto the following additional
sections, numbered twelve, thirteen, fourteen,
fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen, respectively,
which shall hereafter constitute and form a
part of the aforesaid act.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
claims, usually called " placers," including all
forms of deposit, excepting veins of quartz, or
other rock in place, shall be subject to entry
and patent under this act, under like circum-
stances and conditions, and upon siniilarpro-
ccedings, as are provided for vein or lode
claims: Provided, That where the lands have
been previously surveyed by the United States,
the entry in its exterior limits shall conform
to the legal subdivisions of the public lands,
no further survey or plat in such case being
required, and the lands may be paid for at the
rate of two dollars and fifty cents per acre:
Provided further, That legal subdivisions of
forty acres may be subdivided into ten-acre
tracts; and that two or more persons, or asso-
ciations of persons, having contiguous claims
of auy size, although such claims may be less
than ten acres each, may make joint entry
thereof: And provided further, That no loca-
tion of a placer claim, hereafter made, shall
exceed one hundred and sixty acres for any
one person or association of persons, which
location shall conform to the United States
surveys; and nothing in this section contained
shall defeat or impair any bona fide preemp-
tion or homestead claim upon agricultural
lands, or authorize the sale cf the improve-
ments of any bona fide settler to any pur-
chaser.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That
where said person or association, they and
their grantors, shall have held and worked
their said claims for a period equal to the time
prescribed by the statute of limitations for
mining claims of the State or Territory where
the same may be situated, evidence of such
possession and working of the claims for such
period shall bo sufficient to establish a right to
a patent thereto under this act, in the absence
of any adverseclaim : Provided, however, That
nothing in this act shall be deemed to impair
any lien which may have attached in any way
whatever to any mining claim or prcperly
Iheielo attached prior to the issuance of a
patent.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That all
ex parte affidavits required to be made under
this act, or the act of which it is amendatory,
may be verified before any officer authorized
to administer oaths within the land district
where the claims may be situated.
Sec. 15. Ancl be it further enacted, That
registers and receivers shall receive the same
fees for services under this act as are provided
by law for like services under other acts ol
Congress; and that effect shall bo given to
the foregoing act according to such regulations
as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the act of March third, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the survey of the public lands in Cali-
fornia, the granting of preemption rights, and
for other purposes," as provides that none
other than township lines shall be surveyed
where the lands are mineral, is hereby repealed.
And the public surveys are hereby extended
over all such lands : Provided, That all sub-
dividing of surveyed lands into lots less than
one hundred and sixty acres may be done by
county and local surveyors at the expense of
the claimants: And provided further, That
nothing herein contained shall require the sur-
vey of waste or useless lands.
Sec. 17. Andbe itfurther enacted, Thatnone
of the rights conferred by sections five, eight,
and nine of the act to which this act is amend-
atory shall be abrogated by this act, and the
same are hereby extended to all public lands
affected by this act; and all patents granted,
or preemption or homesteads allowed, shall be
subject to any vested and accrued water-rights,
or rights to ditches and reservoirs used in con-
nection with such water-rights, as mny have
been acquired under or recognized by the ninth
section of the aet of which this act is amend-
atory. But nothing in this act shall bo con-
strued to repeal, impair, or in anyway affect
the provisions of the "act granting to A. Sutro
the right of way and other privileges to aid in
the construction of a draining and exploring
tunnel to the Comstock lode, in the State of
Nevada," approved July twenty-fifth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, July 9, 1870.
ClIAP. CCXXXVI.—An Act to grant the Eight
of Way for the Alameda Itoad through cer-
tain lands in California.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the portion of the
tract of land situated in the county of Santa
Clara, and State of California, lying between
the llancho Potrero de Santa Clara and the
Eancho de los Coches, which is occupied by
Santa Clara street, according to the map of
the city of San Jos6, and the street intersect-
ing Santa Clara street, is hereby granted to said
city for the purpose of streets. And the par-
cels of said tract of land lying between said
ranchos which are included within the corpor-
ate limits of said city, and not occupied as
streets, are hereby granted to tho respective
persons in possession thereof, by themselves
or their tenants.
Si:o. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the
light of way through that portion of the tract
of Jand lying between the said ranchos, which
is situate without the corporate limits of the
said city of San Jose, is hereby granted to the
said county of Santa Clara, for public use, for
the highways, roads, arid sidewa-lks running
along, upon, or across the said tract of land ;
and authority is hereby granted to the board
of supervisors of said county to regulate and
determine the number, position, width, and
grade of such highways, roads, and sidewalks.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
said tract of land in the second section men-
tioned, subject to the right of way as therein
granted, is hereby granted to the several per-
sons, whether natural or artificial, owning the
adjoining lands, the parcel hereby granted to
each person being the parcel lying between hi?
or its lands and a line running through the
middle of said tract of land.
Approved, July 9, 1870.
Chap, CCXXXVII.—An Act making Appro-
priations for the Consular and Diplomatic
Expenses of the Government for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the objects hereinafter ex-
pressed, for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
namely:
For salary of envoys extraordinary and min-
isters plenipotentiary to Great Britain and
France, at seventeen thousand five hundred
dollars each, thirty-five thousand dollars.
To Russia, Prussia, Spain, Austria, Brazil,
Mexico, China, and Italy, at twelve thousand
dollars each, ninety-six thousand dollars.
To Chili, Peru, and Japan, ten thousand
dollars each, thirty thousand dollars.
For ministers resident at Portugal, Swit-
zerland, Greece, Belgium, Holland, Denmark,
Sweden, Turkey, Ecuador, New Grenada, Bo-
livia,Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Sand-
wich Islands, Costa Rica, Honduras, and Sal-
vador, at seven thousand five hundred dollars
each, one hundred and thirty-five thousand
dollars.
For minister resident at the Argentine Re-
public, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For minister to Uruguay, accredited also
Paraguay, eleven thousand two hundred siud
fifty dollars.
For salary of minister resident and coi^r
general at Hayti, seven thousand five hundreu
dollars.
For salary of minister resident and consul
general at Liberia, four thousand dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation, as
follows:
At London and Paris, two thousand six hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars each.
At Saint Petersburg, Madrid, Berlin, Flor-
ence, Vienna, liio Janeiro, and Mexico, one
thousand eight hundred dollars each.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of legation
at London and Paris, two thousand dollars
each.
For salary of the secretary of legation, act-
ing as interpreter to the legation to China, five
thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to
Turkey, acting as interpreter, three thousand
dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
to Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course proper and all contingent expenses of
all missions abroad, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, vice
consuls, commercial agents, and thirteen cou-
sular clerks,includmgloss byexchange thereon,
three hundred and seventy-six thousand six
hundred [and] sixty three dollars, namely :
i. coxsclates general.
Schedule B.
Alexandria,Calcutta,Constantinople, Frank-
fort-on-the-Main, Havana, Montreal,Shanghai,
Beirut, Tampico, London, Paris.
xi. consulates.
Schedule B.
Aix-U-Chapelle, Acapulco, Algiers, Amoy,
Atnsteidam, Antwerp, Aspinwall, Bangkok,
