1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4585
railway company may use such material as they
shall deem proper, which material shall be ap-
proved by the commissioners. Thisisdeemed
proper, for the reason that, as must be apparent
to ail. the company should be left free to de-
termine what would be the best material for
their purpose. I now yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Gilfillan,] my col-
league on the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. GILFILLAN. The amendment which
has been read at the Clerk's desk, and which I
have proposed, is one providing that the own-
ers of property along the avenue, whether pri-
vate or public property, shall pay for paving
that portion of the avenue lying immediately in
front of their property on each side of the
avenue and up to a line within two feet of the
track of the railroad company. It also pro-
vides that the railroad company shall pave the
portion lying between their tracks and for two
feet on the outside of their tracks. That em-
braces the whole of the avenue. There is no
bonus given to the company. It puts them on
the same footing as other property-holders.
This appears to me entirely equitable. The
same principle is followed, so far as I am in-
formed, in regard to the paving of streets in
every city of the Union.
The bill, as reported by the committee, will
impose upon the Government an expense of
$111,000. Under the amendment proposed
by me the cost to the Government would be
about thirty thousand dollars. This estimate,
although not exact, is, I am satisfied, not far
from correct.
Mr. McNEELY. Does the gentleman pro-
pose that the Government shall pave opposite
the small parks at different places along the
avenue ?
Mr. GILFILLAN. The amendment pro-
vides that wherever the Government has prop-
erty fronting on the street it shall pay its pro-
portion, in the same way as any other property-
holder. This is the rule that is adopted in
other cities.
Mr. McNEELY. Does the gentleman pro-
pose that the lessees of the market-house square
shall pay for paving opposite their property?
Mr. GILFILLAN. That would be determ-
ined, I presume, by the act incorporating the'
company. I suppose the company pays taxes
on that property. How that may be I do not
know.
Mr. McNEELY. They are not the owners
of the property ; they are lessees of Govern-
ment property. They will not be included in
this provision unless some specific language be
inserted.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to put a question to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Gil-
FILIAX.] But in the first place I will make a
statementwhich will show, I think, thepropriety
of the inquiry. This bill, as I understand,
requires that whatever kind of pavement may
be agreed upon by General Michler and other
officers named must be accepted by the Gov-
ernment and the railroad company. Now, sup-
pose these commissioners should fix upon a
Wooden pavement, would not the railroad com-
pany be required to have a wooden pavement
between their tracks, although they might much
prefer a cobble-stone pavement, on account of
its being better adapted to horse-travel in slip-
pery weather? I believe that horse-railroads
always prefer a cobble-stone pavement between
their tracks. But would not this bill require
them to pave with the material which may be
indicated by the commissioners'''
Mr. GILFILLAN. No, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I know the bill provides
that the railroad company may pave their own
track; but as I understand, they must put down
a pavement of the same material as may be
selected for the other part of the street.
Mr. GILFILLAN. Tlfey will select their
own material. In regard to that portion of
public properly fronting on the avenue and
known as the market-house square, I wish to
say that at the time these amendments were
prepared and when the bill was' reported the
aet incorporating the Market-House Company
had not been passed. Hence the question sug-
gested was not taken into consideration. I
will very cheerfully accept an amendment pro-
viding that the lessees of the market-house lot
shall pay for paving in front of that property.
Mr. COBURN. If the gentlSinan from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Gilfillan] will yield to
me I will offer an amendment which will cover
the whole subject.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I yield to the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] that he may
move an amendment.
Mr. ELA. My amendment is designed to
protect the property-holders. It is to add to
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania the following:
Provided further, Thiit a majority of tlio property-
hoiders shall agree to the provisions of this act.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. GILFILLAN, I do not yield for that
amendment. I yield to the gentieman from
Indiana, [Mr. Cobcrn.]
Mr. COBURN. 1 move the following aaiend-
ment:
Strike out all of soction three after the word "com-
missioners," m the twenty-first line, as follows:
The residue of pavement lying between the part
paid for by private owners and that paid for l>v the
railroad company shall be paid for by the United
States Government. Where public reservation^ front
or bound on said Pennsylvania avenue, or where
avenues or lettered streets intersect 51, said reserva-
tions ajid intersections shall be paid for by the Gov-
ernmeiTt of the United States: Provided, That the
cost of laying such pavement shall not exceed tho
sura of four dollars per square yard.
And insert in lieu thereof tho following:
"Where publio grounds and reservations front or
bound on that part of Pennsylvania avenue on which
said improvement is proposed to bo made, the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall pay for so much
of theworlcas is situ ate upon the half of said avenue
adjoining the said public grounds or reservations, ex-
cept that portion required heroin lobe paid for by the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company.
And the work upon the opposite half of theavenuo
shall be paid for by tho owners ot the real property
adjoining thereto as hereinbeforo provided. And if
both sides are public grounds or reservations, then
thowholeofsaid proposed worlcbotwecn said grounds
shall bo paid for by theGovornment, exooptso much
as is herein required to be paid for by said railroad
company. But at market house square the com-
pany having possession of that square shall pay lor
tho portion in front thereof,
Mr. COOK. Mr. Chairman, that amend-
ment is not germane to the bill. The same
object is accomplished by the amendment of
my colleague ou the committee, [Mr. Gixfil-
JjAN,] which is framed so as to be in accordance
with the other parts of the bill.
Mr. BLA. I rise to a parliamentary inquiry.
Is this bill open to amendments by this House,
or may individuals who happen to get the floor
restrict the offering of amendments to such
only as they approve ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman >Vom
Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, who has
charge of this bill, is now in possession of the
floor, and can admit such amendments as he
may choose. lie has yielded the floor for the
present to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr.VAN HORN. 1 ask thegentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I will yield to the gen-
tleman to have his amendment read.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand we are in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and I desire that the pending amend-
ment shall be disposed of before any others are
entertained.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
that he was not in the House at the time of
going into committee. lie understands before
going into a committee that all general debate
on this bill was limited to forty minutes. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] is now
occupying the floor, and within the l'orly min-
utes allowed for debate he can allow such
amendments to be read at the Clerk's desk
as he pleases.
Mr. WELKER. After the lapse of those
forty minutes, then, during which the gentle-
man has the control of the floor, the bill will,
of course, be open to amendments?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. VAN HORN., I now ask the Clerk to
read my amendment.
The Clerk read a3 follows:
_ Aftertheword 11 delay," lino fifteen of section two,
insert tho following:
No bid to be considered except it shall have been
presented by a party or parties who can exhibit sat-
isfactory specimens of his or their pavement, laid
within the limits of the District of Columbia, tho
same having been fully and practically tested; nor
shall any bid from such party or parties be consid-
ered except they bind themselves in satisfactory
security to maintain and keep withoutfurther charge
such pavement, if laid by them, in good and satis-
factory condition for a period of not less than sov«m
or more than ton years from tho date of laying.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I do not yield to have
that amendment pending.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 move to strike out in
section three, lines ten and eleven, the words
"twenty-two feet outward on the side of the
avenue" and insert the words "to the por-
tion to be constructed by the said railroad com-
pany;" and to strike out in the same sec-
tion, line twenty-one, "to numeral" and iusert
" all " in the twelfth line.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I have only yielded to
hear the amendment, without consenting to its
being offered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. GILFILLAN. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for five minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Tho purpose of my
amendment, as gentlemen will have noticed, is
to raise the direct question whether the Gov-
ernment of the United States or the parties
interested in the property on Pennsylvania
avenue shall be at tho expense of doing this
paving. It is conceded by everybody that the
railroad should pay the portion occupied by
them. The object of the amendment is to
require property-holders to pave the balance,
except that portion in front of property owned
by the Government and that portion traversed
by cross streets. It is proposed by this amend-
ment that the city ot Washington shall pay
that portion crossed by streets running in an
opposite direction ; that the property-holders
shall pay for the paving in front of their prop-
erty, and that the railroad shall pay for that
portion of the avenue occupied by it. I wish to
test the sense of tho committee on that amend-
ment. I am opposed to the Government of
the United States paying anything except for
paving in front of its own property.
Mr. GILFILLAN. That is my amendment
piGcissl y.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not understand
the gentleman's amendment touched the cross
streets.
Mr. GILFILLAN. My amendment covers
the same ground precisely. I now yield to the
gentleman from Kentucky for live minutes.
Mr. KNOTT. I should like to have the
attention of the House for five minutes. It
has been repeatedly asserted, and asserted by
the chairman of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia during this debate, that the
city of Washington has no jurisdiction over
Pennsylvania avenue, and that there is no
power lodged anywhere to pave or improvo
that avenue except in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. Now, sir, that, to my mind, and I
think it must be to the minds of other gentle-
men, is a palpable error. I asserted the other
day, and assert now, that the city of Washing-
ton has conferred upon it by act of Congress
full power to improve and pave Pennsylvania
avenue and every other avenue in this city. In
order to prove that 1 send to the Clerk's desk,
to be read, the following act, which covers the
whole ground.
