1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
ator and I disagree. He is entitled to his view
of it and I think I am entitled to mine. I
never would have presented a memorial here
that spoke thus of my colleagues in this body
or in the other House; but if to present such
a paper is correct, the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts has the satisfaction of know-
ing it.
But, Mr. President, the memorial which has
been read seems to me to be entirely out of
place ; and it originates, as well as I can judge
from the names attached to it, with that class
of men who have been hanging around both
Houses of Congress, with the view of keeping
out Virginia and keeping lier from the position
to which she is entitled under the sanction of
laws which have been passed by Congress here-
tofore. It seems to me untimely, and I think
it very strange that in this stage of the pro-
ceedings this last gun of these opponents should
have been fired at this present moment.
Mr. President, Virginia has had a long stage
of uncertainty; but at last, by solemn enact-
ment of Congress nearly a year ago, provision
was made for her admission again into this
Union; and now I ask the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts if there is one of the con-
ditions of that law which she has not fully
complied witli ?
Mr. SUMNER. I say that the last section
of that law reserved to Congress full discretion
to deal with her on the evidence, and the evi-
dence shows that she is not fit to come in.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, that does not an-
swer my question. I ask the honorable Senator,
and I desire him to reply now, if there is one
single condition imposed by that law which has
not been complied with? The general power
of Congress to deal with her and the other States
formerly in rebellion is another thing, and is
not the matter which I am now discussing. I
say the election in Virginia was held in exact
conformity to the law. The result perhaps was
not such as the gentlemen who now protest here
against her admission desired; but in all elec-
tions somebody is disappointed, and in this
opposition T read merely the wailing of those
who were defeated instead of an honest, manly
opposition or any just apprehension of the re-
sults that may follow her admission. Now, I
desire in the little part I take in this matter to
do by Virginia just as we have said we would do,
not varying one jot or tittle from our plighted
faith, and I expect in return that Virginia will
do just what she has promised to do under the
provisions of our law. Sir, has she not done
it thus far? The platform upon which the suc-
cessful ticket in Virginia has been elected is a
matter of public record, which we have all read.
The candidates elected stood upon the ground
of sustaining the present Administration and
of carrying out faithfully the conditions under
which Congress has said Virginia was to be
admitted.
Now, sir, it is an easy thing to say, as is
said in that memorial, that some persons have
said so and so. Who said it? Was it a man
holding a high and controlling position or was
it some blackguard who was found in the streets
of Richmond ? "They say" is a common liar,
and it is the weapon and the shelter under
which tho coward always hides. " They say!"
Such an argument as that never carries any
weight with me. Hut a little while ago, a few
days ago, while yet Virginia was hanging in
this uncertain state, her elected Governor made
a speech at Richmond, and I know I shall not
olfend the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts when I say that it would compare well in
manly declaration and noble sentiment with
his own.
"They say" can beat anybody. Who said
it? Who is responsible for what some fool may
say on the stump m Virginia or in New York
or Nevada ? Who is responsible for what these
men may hear in a place where gentlemen do
not congregate ? They undertake to hold the
party that is now in power in Virginia respons-
ible for what somebody says, and that some-
body they do not name. Against such a course
I protest.
Mr. President, there is another view of this
case which I desire to submit with a single
suggestion ; and that is that if you ever expect
men to treat you as men you must always
treat them as men. I want to put Virginia on
her honor. I want to put her declarations to
the test. Her representatives have told us
and have told the world by the platform upon
which they stood at their election that they
would comply with all the provisions you re-
quired of them. They have done so thus far.
What right has my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts or any other gentleman here to say
that they do not mean to carry out this declar-
ation of theirs? Gentlemen may say that we
have been cheated by such people before.
Grant that. But Virginia, I trust, has had a
resurrection from the depths into which she
was hurled by her own perfidy. I look upon
Virginia as new-born.
Sir, I stand here and venture the assertion
that Governor Walker never headed any com-
mittee for the release of rebel prisoners. I
send that memorial back to its birth-place,
and I stand here to test the soundness of my
assertion. I have known him ever since the
dew of youth was on his cheek. It is impos-
sible that he could have been guilty of such
conduct. I never heard him say one word
about it; but I stand here to deny the charge,
because I know that he offered his services to
his country to go and put down the rebellion.
This statement does not rest upon my mere
assertion ; it rests upon records of the War
Office. " Now, ' they say' in this memorial it
was not so," says my friend. Why, sir, "they
say " can prove anything if you listen to such
testimony.
But, Mr. President, it seems to me that this
opposition to the admission of Virginia is
trifling with the interests of that State, and not
only that, but it is trifling with our own plighted
faith and honor to Virginia. This Senate is
not presumed to speak without due reflection
and consideration, and after long debate and
mature reflection it was the judgment of this
body, and it stands recorded, that jupon com-
pliance with its requisitions Virginia should
be admitted. She comes here with her hands
washed clean of her late rebellion ; she comes
here upon the very terms that you suggested;
and now it is said that she must be put hack
again and all this must be done over. Sir, I
am getting tired of this eternal reconstruction.
Sometimes I wish that whcif the rebellion were
over the States had been over too; but for four
years we have been here reconstructing these
rebel States, and they have come time and again,
and now Virginia has come, in exact compli-
ance with the requirements of the law; and
yet my friend from Massachusetts would say
to her " You shall stand and knock and knock
until your locks are wet with the dews of
night; I will not let you in."
Mr. SUMNER. No; simply until every
man is secure.
Mr. NYE. No, sir; simply until what?
Mr. SUMNER. Until every man is secure.
Mr. NYE. Until somebody can find that
"they" do not "say" so or that "they" do
"say" so. [Laughter.] Sir, my honorable
friend, although vigorous, has too many years
on his head to wait until every politician shall
be able to say " they do not say so." That is
the point made in this memorial; the last hope
in the memorial is " they say" so.
Sir, my mode of action is entirely different-
I will take Virginia upon her plighted faith.
She stands recorded before an enlightened world
adopting the principles of the present Adminis-
tration, and she has ratified the fourteenth
and fifteenth amendments to the Constitution,
and she has done everything that has been
required of her by law. I would put Virginia
upon her honor and her mettle; T would say to
Governor Walker and every other Virginian,
" Sir, this is your plighted faith to the world,"
and I would hold every one of them to it.. The
punishment of the violation of it would he
greater than they could bear. Who of them
dare falsify their word in view of their faith as
plighted?
Mr. SUMNER. What of Georgia?
Mr. NYE. Georgia, after having been nicely
washed returned to her wallow, or to her vomit,
if you please. Virginia has not returned to her
vomit; but it seems to me the honorable Sen-
ator wants to make her do it. Sir, when she
comes here with clean hands, when she stands
recorded and her faith is publicly pledged, I
know enough of men to know that they dare
not go back on it.
The memorial which has been read, sets forth
that there is disorder, that there is cruelty
practiced in Virginia. Sir, to heal that dis-
order, to cure that cruelty, I want to see there
a well-organized local government; and let
me tell my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts, that nothing but that well-ordered local
government can give protection to the citizens.
Against the allegations set forth in that memo-
rial I present to the Senate, and to their recol-
lection, for it is burnt upon their memory, the
return of General Canby in regard to the elec-
tion. The memorial says that there was fraud
in the election. I never knew an election in
which there was not fraud, or in which there
was not a claim that there was fraud. It is
even claimed that in tho honorable State which
my friend from New York represents there
are sometimes election frauds. [Laughter.]
I have heard such things charged against New
York; and because of them, would my hon-
orable friend from Massachusetts include New
York and rule her out for fraud 1 No, sir, the
remedy lies nearer home; the remedy lies
within herself to punish the violators of law,
and bring them to judgment. So I want it in
Virginia ; I want her local courts, I want her
State power to correct these abuses; for it is
i impossible that the little military force we have
there now should have that power.
Sir, there is a wonderful power even in the
semblance of law; there is a wonderful power
in a recognized Government at home. Vir-
ginia lias been a stranger to that for the last
six or seven years. Deep, indeed, has been her
repentance, if she is capable of repenting ;
deep, indeed, has been her affliction, and great
were her offenses. But myfriend sayshedoes
not want to punish. As a general thing I do
not think he does. I think he is generous and
noble and magnanimous oij that score; but he
seems to be in a position which is illustrated
by a story I once heard. I am sorry I have
commenced to tell the story because I am afraid
my friend will take the first part of it to him-
self. [Laughter.] I am afraid he is in the
position that the clown in the circus took when
he pounded the wood-chuck with a club till he
was told it was dead. Said he, " I know it."
Then he was asked, " Why do you want to
pound things after theyaredead?" "Well."
said he, " I want to convince this particular
wood-chuck that there is punishment after
death." [Laughter.] My honorable friend,
[Mr. Sumner,] however universal in his salva-
tion, seems to want to convince Virginia that
there is punishment for her even after death.
Sir, there I would leave her; I would not
condemn any one any longer ; and when one
of these States comcs here with pure hands
and an honest desire, I would receive her cor-
dially. You, sir, and I know how comforting
it is to sit under the umbrageous shadow of
this great tree of Union. Virginia, like a wild
meteor, has flown away, and like the prodigal
that returned to his father's house, she comes
here and says, "I am no more worthy to be
called " 
Mr. DRAKE. Has she ever said that?
Mr. NYE. Wait, my friend, until I get
through. You are a little too quick. [Laugh-
ter 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri will com6 to order j the Sen-
