1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
do that ogaiu, and w«-putUpon yon the further
condition that you MV& shall deprive colored
men of equal rights and privileges in the school
fund which will be the product of the taxation
of all men white and black alike? That is the
whole scope and effect of our bill. Now, what
objections can be stated to it?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like to
ask the gentleman what effect the passage of
this bill would have on the tenure of office of
the Governor and State officers and the mem-
bers of the Legislature of Georgia?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
coming to that point, and will answer the gen-
tleman's inquiry. I was about to call the at-
tention of tho House to the objections to this
bill, of which the inquiry of the gentleman
from Ohio is the principal.
One objection is that there is no need of this
bill, because each branch of Congress can ad-
mit the delegates of Georgia for itself, and then
Georgia will be in the Union. Ay, but without
some act of admission passed by both Houses
we may have the old story told over again;
one House may find Georgia to be in a condi-
tion to be represented and admit her to repre-
sentation, while the other may come to pre-
cisely an opposite conclusion and refuse Georgia
representation in that branch, so that Georgia
may again be half ia and half out. I do not
want that spectacle to be presented again, and
this bill will relieve us from any danger of that,
so in the future the question of representation
will turn on the character of the men elected,
not upon the capacity of the State for repre-
sentation.
Again, if we do not pass this bill and leave
each House to admit her delegates, what will
be the result? We do not get these conditions
either of oath of eligibility or for protection
ofall men in their rightsimposed upon Georgia
at all; we do not pledge her to fundamental
conditions never to admit men who cannottake
the oath to support the Constitution of the
United States according to the provisions of
the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution. We do not
get the condition imposed upon bet that she
shall never turn ont of office on account of
race or color any good man and true, as she
did once before, and that she will not deprive
her colored citizens of the right to be educated.
It is important that we impose upon ber the
condition that she shall never appropriate her
school fund to white children alone, as Tennes-
see has been endeavoring to do within a few
days by constitutional provision, although that
fund comes equally from the poll-tax upon the
blacks and whites. That must be prevented in
Georgia by every safeguard.
What more do we gain by the passage of this
bill ? We take the government of Georgia out
of thepredicament, by law, of being provisional
only, because we comply with the sixth section
of the act of March 7, 1867, which provides
that until the people of the said rebel States
shall be by law admitted to representation in
the Congress of the United States the State
governments shall be provisional only. That
act is in force now, and always has been since
its passage; and it is doubly iti force in Geor-
gia, because we have taken jurisdiction under
it within the last ninety days, and have acted
upon that jurisdiction so acquired and claimed;
and by passing this act we comply with the law
of her reconstruction.
Again, we relieve Geojrgia by the passage of
Ihia bill from the conditions of our fast act, to
wit, the act of December 22, 1869, which pro-
vides that she shall not be admitted to repre-
sentation in Congress until she has complied
with certain requirements, and has also ratified
the fifteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States. By this act we
make the authoritative declaration that Georgia
ha&done what was required of her. And there
is no other place and no other manner in which
to make that authoritative declaration. Were
there no other reason, this bill would be neces-
sary for this purpose alone. But it is necessary
for another and a grander and more comprehen-
sive reason ; that is, because it is a plain and
solemn and decisive exercise of the power of
this Congress over States in this forum of final
and last resorts; necessary and proper to be ex-
ercised when States, having got into the Union,
undertake to use their position as States in tho
Union, claiming to have escaped all control of
Congress, to oppress the good citizens of the
United States, and to rebel, so far as they deem
they with safetv may do, against the laws and
the spirit of the Constitution of the United
States.
Why, sir, the State of Tennessee, which by
oar act was readmitted into the Union, believ-
ing herself safe and beyond our power, pro-
ceeds to abrogate by revolutionary means
every law and every constitutional provision
for the protection of loyal and true men upon
the faith that she would maintain and sustain
which the State was admitted to representation
in the Congress of the United States. If the
judgment of the House goes with mine, I trust
we shall also exhibit to Tennessee the power
that Congress has to protect all of its citizens
within the.borders of the United States, whether
within the limits of States or Territories, against
wrong, rapine and murder, and in all their
rights as such citizens of the United States.
Sir, to such extent has this rebellion against
constitutional rights, this abrogation of all gov-
ernment gone, that the Governor of Tennessee
the other day, in a message to the Legislature
of that State, solemnly declared that he was
powerless to protect the citizens of Tennessee
against organized bands of robbers and mur-
derers, by night and by day, and that a con-
dition of anarchy and lawless violence pre-
vailed in many parts of the State. Yet, after
that message had been sent to them , the Legis-
lature of that State adjourned without provid-
ing the Governor any means with which to
protect its citizens, and hundreds, I might say—
I believe I am within bounds when I say—
that hundreds of men are weekly being mur-
dered, robbed, their houses plundered, and
without redress, or, as the Governor admits,
power of redress by law. At no distant day I
propose to bring this shameful condition of
Tennessee to the attention of this House and
to the country.
Mr. HAWKINS. Will the gentleman say
where it is that men are murdered at the rate
of a hundred a week ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes ; in
TfflPMBPt-
Mr. HAWKJtNS. Whereabouts?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They are
murdered all over the State, as the man had
the small-pox; it broke ont all over him.
Mr. HAWKINS. I hear from that State occa-
sionally, and I do not hear any snob thing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There are
none so deaf as those who will not hear. We
will soon bring the record showing these things
before the House, and ask its solemn delibera-
tion upon the faets.
Mr. HAWKINS. I would like to see it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There are
sneh records; let me tell the gentleman that we
have in our committee, referred to us by this
House, the presentments of two grand juries of
his State that they are utterly powerless to
do anything to punish or stay the hands of
marderersand organized robbers in their juris-
dictions. But enough ofTennesseesofarasshe
illustrates my argument, that Congress needs
to hold with a firm hand to the power and right
we have to deal with and punish all violations of
the rights of our citizens, and protect them in
persons and property where the State govern-
ments are either powerless or indisposed bo to
do. I say it is necessary to pass this bill, taking
full jurisdiction of the case of Georgia, in order
to demonstrate tbat we have, and do not abne-
gate, but will exercise the power which we
possess to restrain and punish men, whereso-
ever they may be and under whatsoever State
organization they may act, who render life and
property unsafe in the United States, or any
portion or part thereof.
I nowcome to the great objection to this bill,
which was embodied in the question of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] It is that
: byitspassageweprolongthetermofofficeofthe
officials, executive and legislative, in the State
of Georgia. Now, there is not a word concern-
ing the officials of the State of Georgia in this
, bill; but the inference which the objectors drew
| is that if we pass this bill admitting Georgia now
it will be equivalent to saying that Georgia,
being for the first time regularly in the Union,
these officers who were elected in 1868 will
have two years or four years, as thethen terms
of office may be, added to their official term as
State officers. That is the inference, because
up to this time they have been provisional offi-
cers only. I had foreseen this difficulty, if it
be one ; but there is another one still deeper
which my friend does not seem to have exam-
ined. This brings me to another of the reasons
why I want this bill passed. By a singular
oversight the constitution of Georgia contains
a provision under which the Legislature may
so conduct itself as to hold nearly a perpetual
lease of power. In the legislative article it is
provided that—
" The election for members of the General Assem-
bly shall begin on Tuesday after the first Monday in
November of every second year, except the lirst
election, which shall be sixty days after the adjourn-
ment of this convention; but the General Assembly
may by law change the time of elections; and mem-
bers shall hold until their successors are elected and
| qualified in their stead."
Now, if the members of tbe General Assem-
, bly do not provide by law for a new election
1 they may perpetuate their own power, as they
hold over till others are elected. This raises
; very grave questions of constitutional law. I
1 have prepared, therefore, and propose to offer
an amendment which will meet that case and
restrict the power of the General Assembly in
that respect to a day oertain. I will state, for
I never have any concealments, that I also
propose by this amendment to give to the pres-
ent State officers of Georgia a two years' term
of office in that State as a State in this Union,
with all the rights and incidents—a right which
these officers have not yet enjoyed; and then
I propose that their official term shall cease
by a limitation in this bill. I ask the Clerk to
read the proposed amendment, which I send
to the desk. .
The Clerk read as follows;
Provided, That the power granted by the consti-
tution of Georgia to tho General Assembly to change
the time of holding elections, and prescribe the day
for the meeting of the General Assembly, shall not
be so exercised as to postpone the election for mem-
bers of the next General Assembly beyond the Tues-
day after the first Monday in November in the year
1872, nor shall such power over be by any future Legis-
lature exercised so as to extend the term of any office
beyond the regular period named in said constitu-
tion; and the said General Assembly shall by joint
resolution consent to this condition before this act
shall take effect.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
stste that this amendment is not authorized by
the committee, although some gentlemen of
the committee, to whom I have shown it,
harve agreed to its terms. It is designed to
prevent the possibility of any Legislature of
the State of Georgia perpetuating itself. It
gives the right—and here 1 desire to answer the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield]—this
amendment only gives a right, outside of the
right given in the constitution of the State, as
in my judgment the bill without the amend-
ment does not, to the members of the present
Legislature to continue in office for two years
from January, 1870. ' .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the gentleman whether he thinks we have
the right thus to lengthen the term of office
of State officers?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do aot
propose to lengthen the term of office except
in this particular. Tbe constitution fixes a
certain term. From what time shall that term
