S92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
ator from Nevada declines to be interrupted
at present.
Mr. NYE." Virginia has come here and said
that in what way? By asking Congress to pre
scribe the conditions on which she should be
reinstated in her father's house ; we have done
it; and she comes here now and brings the
fruits of her repentance, and says, "Here are
the conditions which you prescribed all com-
plied with;" and yet my universal-salvation
friend from Massachusetts says, "In this par-
ticular case I will hesitate." Sir, though her
sras may have been as scarlet we will make
them white as snow. She is in a condition
now to take our prescription and to rebuild
upon the fragments of the boasted Virginia of
which the Senator from Delaware spoke, a
nobler, more vigorous, more prosperous, and
more commanding State than old Virginia ever
was. She has washed seven times in the waters
of liberty and has been made clean; her bond-
men are free, her slaves are citizens. What a
metamorphosis! Such they were in old Vir-
ginia, but such they are not in young Virginia.
Sir, I want to take young Virginia by this hand
of promise and lead her up to her magnanimous
destination.
Why should we be here quibbling about cross-
ing i's and dotting t's? My friend from Ver-
mont has submitted the most sensible amend-
ment, in my judgment, that has been offered,
making them come up to the fourteenth amend-
ment. But the amendment of my friend from
Missouri seems to be very far-reaching. It
says that certain things shall happen whenever
hereafter Virginia does so and so. Suppose
her Legislature should attempt it fifty years
from now, half a century hence, is Virginia to
go out then? Sir, in my judgment, Virginia
will have just as good a right fifty years from
now to revoke her action on a constitutional
amendment as she has to-day ; and any State
of this Union has just as good a right to go
back through her Legislature to the original
ratification and say, " We repeal, or take back,
or rescind our acquiescence in the adoption of
the old Constitution itself."
That is the spasmodic effort of a dying party
(hat has one strange fact about it, and it is a
fact with the dead, that if you infuse their veins
and arteries with some subtile substance the
corpse will jump once, and never but once.
This is the last galvanic jump of Democracy.
[Laughter.] Who is frightened at it? It is
this single infusion that makes them jump now,
but they are dead. The party that fears oppo-
sition of that kind is unworthy to manage the
great interests of a free people. No, sir ; as
well may they attempt to blot the sun out of
existence as to attempt to defeat this fifteenth
amendment. The fiat lias gone forth that
(hat shall be the law of this free Republic, and
their efforts to repeal it or to stop it in its prog-
ress will be as futile as it would be for me to
enter the field of logic with my distinguished
friend from Missouri. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me that if
we act with a becoming regard to our own
dignity and our own position we shall take
this naked bill introduced by the Judiciary
Committee and pass it. If Virginia cheats us
it will not be the first time that the Republican
party hasbeen cheated ; but—and that is what
gives me courage in all these conflicts—though
we are cheated we still survive ; though we
are deceived new hopes spring up on every
side. Ah, sir, it gives me confidence that with
the noble sentiments it declares it is backed
by an overruling Providence; and Virginia,
let her do the worst my honorable friend can
imagine, cannot stay the tide. No, sir ; Vir-
ginia will find it better for her own interests to
see that good order prevails within her borders
for from order comes prosperity, and I look to
this new Virginia as bringing order out of con-
fusion and form out of chaos. I am ready
therefore, nay I am anxious, that we should
put her at once upon her trial, and let the Sen-
ate of the United States at least stand by its
pledged word and faith. We cannot afford
to cheat anybody; we can afford to be cheated
if we are cheated in the wrong; though we
may be cheated to-day the remedy is at hand
to-morrow. But I appeal to my honorable
friend from Massachusetts to tell me if he
does not believe in his heart that Virginia has
drunk of the bitter waters of rebellion to full-
ness. No one ever panted for relief as does
exhausted Virginia. Some may say that the
spirit of rebellion is not quelled. Sir, the
spirit of the devil is not, though the gospel
has been preached for almost nineteen hun-
dred years. He still holds some mountain
fastnesses, some far-off places, but the power
of the gospel will finally destroy his reign. So
the power of liberty and freedom, so the maj-
esty of truth will make even Virginia, reluctant
as she may be, fall in and chant the chorus
of a redeemed people, of a free State, and of
a youthful vigor ana a hopeful future.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I cannot
let such a document as that which has been
read, reflecting as it does upon the Governor
of Virginia, a gentleman of my acquaintance,
and making such remarkable statements, pass
without rising to enter my protest, particularly
when it undertakes to say that the loyal people
of Virginia have not had a hearing before the
Judiciary Committee. What kind of a hearing
would the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
pose? Would he propose that the six hundred
thousand that paper speaks of should be called
before it, or would he propose to take the in-
vestigations of officers detailed for that purpose ?
We had before us the results of an official in-
vestigation of the charges which were made as
to frauds in the election. They were investi-
gated by the general commanding. The com-
mittee have not been so remiss as not to look
into those things and know what they were
doing. I should like to have read at the desk,
inasmuch as such charges are read, what Gen-
eral Canby says upon that particular point.
The Chief Clerk read the following extract
from General Canby's report of July 22,18G9,
to the Adjutant General:
"The greatest falling off was in counties where the
majority of white registered voters was greatest; but
in these (mountain) counties the unfinished harvest
work no doubt haditsinfluenccinreducingthevote.
In some of the counties the vote appears to have
been greatly influenced, both as to numbers and
direction, by the personal influence and exertions
of the local candidates. In two counties where con-
siderable majorities were given for Governor Wells
but two votes in each were oast in favor of the test-
oath and disfranchising clauses."
Mr. STEWAKT. Now, as to the committee
investigating this question of alleged frauds, I
submit to the Senate if it was not the duty of
the committee to take the highest evidence, and
if General Canby, who has been so thoroughly
indorsed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
was not the proper person to investigate such
matters? He was appointed for that purpose.
The election was conducted under his special
supervision. He gave his attention to it. When
complaints were made ho investigated them ;
he reported them to the Administration ; he
made this report to the President, and upon
it the President recommends the admission of
the State. The highest evidence that we could
get we took upon this particular point, and here
" they say " comes in to contradict it all and
denounce the Governor as a copperhead and a
secessionist in the most unmeasured terms.
That is allowed to be read here!
The first charge against the Governor is that
he was chairman of a Democratic club in Chi-
cago which opposed the war. I am authorized
to state that he was chairman of an "Invinci-
ble" club in 1860, and that eighty out of one
hundred members of that club went to the war,
and that during the whole of the war he was
in favor of the suppression of the rebellion,
made speeches to that effect, and took an active
part; and that is in perfect harmony with what
he has done in Virginia. I have some of his
record before me.
It will be recollected it is stated in that paper
that he ran for delegate to this same conven-
tion. It is true he was nominated by the Re-
publicans; it is true that the colored men did
not vote for him. He having been beaten, the
Democrats supposed that he might be sore-
headed, or something of that kind, and that
they might use him for their purposes, and in
his absence they elected him as a delegate to a
Democratic convention that they proposed to
organize at that time. What he said then, on
the 5th day of December, 1867, with regard to
the reconstruction measures I think it is due
to him that the Senate should hear; and I ask
that the Secretary read the letter which I send
to the desk; it is short. There ought to be
some regard for personal character in this
Chamber.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Norfolk, Virginia, December 5,1867.
Dear Sir : On my return home, after an absence of
several days, I learned that I had been selected by
the Constitutional Union Club, of which you are the
President, as one of the delegates from this city to the
convention to be held in Richmond on the 11th in-
stant. If I correctly understand the objects and pur-
poses for which that convention is to be held, they
are to organize a party to secure the defeat of the
Constitution to be framed^ by the convention just
organised at the State capital, and this, too, before
the first line of that constitution has been written.
To say the least, the movement is premature, and in
my judgment, can result in no good.
If the convex)tio.n now in session shall frame a con-
stitution whieh shall conform to my views—and I
hope it will—I shall most assuredly use all the influ-
ence I can exert to secure its acceptance both by the
people and by Congress.
Every sane man will freely admit that the early
and complete restoration of this State to the Union is
a matter of the highest moment to every one of her
citizens. Business is prostrated, commercial enter-
prise palsied, uncertainty and distrust exist every-
where, and hanging over all is the dark pall of almost
universal bankruptcy.
In my judgment, one of the chief remedies for all
these evilsis reconstruction. Ihave always believed
that a prompt and ready acquiescence in the recon-
struction measures passed by Congress was the wise
and politic course of the people of this State to pur-
sue. I believe so still, and so believing, I cannot
consent to become a party to any movement which
has for its object the hindering, delaying, or ulti-
mately defeating the prompt and faithful execution
of those measures. I must, therefore, respectfully de-
cline to act as a delegate to the proposed convention.
Truly, yours. Gilbert C. Walker.
Hon. C. W. Newton, President, &a.
Mr. STEWART. That is a letter written
in 1867. To my personal knowledge Mr.
Walker—I have seen him from time to time
since that period—has at all times advocated
the carrying out in good faith of the reconstruc-
tion measures. I have here a speech that he
made on the 25th of March, 1869, after Wells
had been nominated, and before any action had
been taken on the part of the Conservatives or
before they had declined to make a nomina-
tion. The speech is too long to be read, but
really it ought to be read in justice to Governor
Walker. The speech is a good Republican
speech, advocating compliance with the laws,
and boldly saying to the people of Virginia
that he would stand upon that platform, in favor
of complying with all the requirements of Con-
gress, and that he was in favor of equal rights.
He planted himself upon that principle, and
the people acquiesced and submitted to it, and
elected him upon a platform pledging Virginia
to equal rights and to the enforcement of the
laws, and to compliance with every require-
ment that Congress had made. This speech
was circulated both by his friends and enemies
as a campaign document. It was his position,
a bold and manly one; and it is entirely in
accordance with the spirit of the constitution
that is here presented. It was a bold and
manly and straightforward advocacy of the
fifteenth amendment. Is a man who stands
up thus and leads men and gets recruits for
your party, and gets them to indorse your
measures and give reenforcement to the cause
of justice and humanity, to be branded in this
Chamber as a secessionist and a dishonorable
man and a trickster by irresponsible outsiders
who can sound "they say" here—men organ-
ized here outside of the Capitol, criticising
the Judiciary Committee and the proceedings
of Congress in the grossest terms ?
