5480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
p*al city of his State. 1 liope, though, the Sen-
ate will stop it and not carry this thing further.
We have already in the appropriation bills
that have passed into laws provided for the
construction of several buildings. We have
provided for one in Albany, for one in New
York, and for other public buildings through-
out the United States; much more than the
ordinary number of buildings provided for in
any one year.
When the amendment was adopted to erect
a building costing $300,000 in St.* Louis, with-
out an estimate, on the mere statement that it
was from the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, I was taken by surprise. It was
not even coupled with an authority to sell the
old building or utilize it in anyway; but I did
not choose to resist it, on very much the prin-
ciple on which I suppose the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine acts, that it will probably
consume less time to allow these amendments
to be put on this bill with the certainty that
they will be thrown off when the House acts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot know that.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose every State in
the Union has one city that it regards as its
principal and important city, where the people
desire to have public buildings erected if any
are erected in the State. Senators who think
of Kansas and Leavenworth only as a wilder-
ness are a great way behind the time. We are
growing up with great rapidity. A city of
thirty or forty thousand inhabitants to-day will
have one hundred thousand before we eau
sleep and wake a few times more. Why may
we not take time by the forelock and provide
iu advance for the population and posterity
that is to come after us? Suppose no build-
ing was built in New York until it got to be
an large as it is now, it would have been neither
policy nor good financiering.
Besides, X like the policy that when we make
an appropriation we make a complete appro-
priation for the whole work, and doit atonce.
I have seen appropriations made here of
^25,000 a year, §50,000 a year, and dragging
along year after year, and no one knew when
the thing would terminate. But the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings have wisely, I think,
determined that they will make a single appro-
priation for a single building, and it shall not
exceed that, and nothing shall be spent until
estimates are made, title is obtained, and the
consent of the State has been given.
All I can say in reply to the Senator from
Ohio is that this claim, if it be a claim, is based
precisely on the same ground as the others.
Not a word was said against Little Itock, or
St. Louis, or Omaha; but wo eame to Kansas
finally, and that has attracted attention and
excited this debate. X shall be entirely con-
tent if this amendment follows the course of
the rest.
Mr. SHERMAN. Omaha is the capital of
Nebraska.
Mr. POMEROY. No, it is not the capital;
Lincoln is the capital. This is a paiallel ease
to Omaha. I voted for Omaha as well as the
Senator did, understanding that it was not the
capital, but only the principal city of Ne-
braska. I say, then, this appropriation is pre-
cisely on the basis of the other. I f the Senate
vote them all down, very well.
_ The Senator from Ohio referred to the ac-
tion of the other House. J do not think it is
very parliamentary to do that. But if the
other House vote them down, we shall have
discharged our duty and relieved ourselves from
responsibility. _ I do not know what the House
will do, and it is none of my business to know,
and it is none of ray business to bring that in
here as an argument to influence the Senate.
Laeh House is independent, makes its own
appropriations, and each House takes the
responsibility of adopting what it chooses.
Air. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 have been ]
al.tided to as chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, and as being supposed to have
ior that reason some responsibility about this j
which does not attach to other Senators; and
this leads me to say a word.
The Committee on Appropriations have not
in any instance appropriated for these build-
ings, any one of them. - When petitions on
the subject were sent to that committee early
in the session the committee instructed me to
report them back to the Senate and to make a
statement that that subject did not properly
belong, in their judgment, to the Committee
on Appropriations, but that appropriations for
the erection of new buildings were matters for
the Senate and for some one of the appropriate
standing committees of the Senate to consider
iu the first place ; so that all the petitions were,
by direction of the Senate, after some consid-
eration as to the appropriate committee, seut
to the Committee on I-'ublie Buildings and
Grounds. In every instance where the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has had notiec of an
intention by any committee of the body to move
for an appropriation for new buildings we have
simply contented ourselves by saying, "They
will be moved in the Senate and will receive
the judgment of the Senate," and they have
not m any instance received the action of the
Committee on Appropriations.
Now, take this case. This, I suppose, was
duly referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. Here is a bill which was
reported by the chairman of that committee to
the Senate, which has had a first and second
reading : and now, instead of passing the Sen-
ate as a bill, it is proposed to add it to this bill
as an amendment. It will be seen that up to
this moment the chairman of the Committee
on Appiopriations and the committee itself
have had no control over this subject at all
more than any other member of the Senate.
It is the action of the Senate and the proposi-
tion of the Senate, through one of its standing
committees, and that committee selected by
the Senate as the appropriate one to whom this
whole class of cases should be referred.
J suppose the fair presumption is that that
committee has discharged its duly, and that
having reported this measure it is at least the
judgment of that committee that to this ex-
tent—and the same is true of other cases that
have already passed—it is a proper thing for
the Senalo to do to enter upon the construc-
tion of public buildings. Whether that is wise
or not X am not called upon to say. Of course,
I hud rather, as to all of these things, that they
would not ho put upon the appropriation bills,
particularly at this period in the session, be-
cause :t so embarrasses and delays the com-
pletion of the bills. Nevertheless, this is the
sundry civil bill, and if this item is to go on
anj where this is the proper bill. As under the
rules of the Senate the Senate do not choose
to give me, as chairman of the committee, the
slightest control over this subject to raise any
question of order, it will be seen that X am
just as powerless on this question as anybody
else.
ily friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, has just as much control over this
matter as I have, and so has any other mem-
ber ot the body. I must submit to them, if
that is the judgment of the Senate, All I can
do is to see that the Committee on Appropria-
tions has the notice which the rules require,
and then that the proposition has the action
of the Senate. 1 believe iu every instance 1
have endeavored to do that.
In answer to the suggestion made by my
honorable friend from Ohio, that I may think
the cheapest way is to let these amendments
go, I will say a word. I know very well that
if all these propositions aro to be argued, and
the merit of each individual case is to be gone
into, the hours which remain to us of the"ses-
sion are not sufficient to finish this bill. There-
fore I am obliged, iu some sense, to mbtnit to
the silent action of the Senate. 1 invoke thai.
Beyond that I do not propose to say anything
upon this matter. °
lhe PRESIDING-OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Pomeroy.]
The question being put, the Presiding Officer
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. POMEROY. I aslt for the- yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this vote will be
considered a test vote on all these questions.
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to have them
all share the same fate.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to say a word
on this proposition. I have been sitting here
anxious not to intrude myself too prominently
on the attention of the Chair, but most anx-
ious to be heard, and unable to obtain recog-
nition from the Chair. My object was to offer,
as an amendment to this bill, a bill which re-
ceived the favor of the Senate Committee on
PublicBuildings early in the session, and which
passed the Senate unanimously. It has beeu
regularly submitted and referred, as an amend-
ment to this bill, to the Committee on Appro-
priations. The measure is "A bill to provide
for a building suited to the use of the post
office, the pension and revenue officers, and the
judicial officers of the United States, in the city
of Trenton, New Jersey." New Jersey is one
of the Old Thirteen, is one of the oldest States
in the Union, and has never had anything of
this kind, simply because she has never asked
it. I never heard of Congress being asked
for it before, and there is no person whom I
have spoken to on the subject but has said
that Trenton should have such a building.
We only aslc $100,000. This bill was sometime
ago passed by the Senate; and it was done,
not, as my friend from Ohio says, as a mere
compliment to a large city of my State, without
any hope of getting it through the liouse of
Representatives; it was done hoping to get it.
through the House. A committee of the Board
of Trade of the city of Trenton came down
here after the bill had passed the Senate, with
the newly appointed district judge, Judge
Nixon, and stated the case to the proper com-
mittee in the other House. I suppose I may
allude to what occurred, as it did not happen
before the other Chamber.
They went before the House committee,
and I was afterward informed that it was there
conceded that if there was any place in the
United States where it was an absolute neces-
sity to have such a building it was in the city
of Trenton. We have never had there any
room whatever for United States courts; but
an arrangement exists, made many years
since with the State of New Jersey, by which
you have rented a little room in the State
House, for which you pay a considerable sum,
for the use of the United States courts. You
rent buildings for post offices and internal
revenue offices. The rents paid by the United
States in the city of Trenton are greater than
the interest of the money asked for, according
to my information, and if not greater, are a't
least nearly as much. It is a matter of econ-
omy as well as justice to build a suitable
building.
Now, Mr. President, I cannot consent that
a vote be taken on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kansas, and the yeas and nays called
upon that, and the result of that vote "exclude
the fair consideration of these other cases ; it
certainly would be very unjust. The distinc-
tion between the cases is too plain to need
elucidation.
Mi.^ SCHUItZ. Xhe Senator from Ohio
remarked tnat this might be considered a test-
totoon nil these cases. I do not think the
cases are alike by any means. The Senator
from New Jersey has already alluded to the
local circumstances which induced him to offer
a. bill ior a building in his State. As to the
amendment which has been voted into thebill
o:i my motion, I will say that St. Louis is a
city oj tSiiee hundred thousand inhabitant?
nearly, with an immense trade. A United
