1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2649
ordered to be printed with the amendments,
and recommitted.
C. B. SABIN.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1775) to relieve C. B.
Sabin, of Harris county, Texas, from legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the select Committee
oil Reconstruction.
RECONSIDERATION Of REFERENCES.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which bills and joint resolu-
tions have been referred or recommitted this
morning; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OE BUSINESS.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins; and
reports are in order from the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures.
INTERNATIONAL COINAGE SYSTEM.
Mr. KELLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures to
report back House bill No. lll_3fto promote
the establishment of an international metrical
system of coinage.
Mr. KELLEY addressed the House in sup-
port of the bill. His remarks will be found in
the Appendix.
Mr. POTTER. I have listened with much
interest to the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] The subject
which he has brought to the attention of the
House is an important oue. I am satisfied
that if it were practicable to establish an en-'
tirely new system of coinage for the world the
sy stem which he recommends would be adopted.
1 am not, however, so sanguine as he seems to
be with reference to the feasibility of no w intro-
ducing that system. Bat as no action is asked
upon the bill at the present time, and I am
warned the time of the House should not now
be taken up with the subject, I shall not detain
the House by a discussion of it, but merely
ask leave to print my remarks on the bill.
There was no objection. [The remarks will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. KELLEY. I move now that the bill be
recommitted.
The motion was agreed t.o.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSAY OFFICE AT HELENA, MONTANA.
Mr. HEATON, from the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 1776) to establish an assay
office at Helena, in tKe Territory of Montana;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes and requires the Secretary of the Treasury
to establish an assay office at Helena, in the
Territory of Montana, for the receipt of gold
and silver bullion, melting and refining by
fluxes, assay and return to depositors of the
same in bars, with the weight, fineness, and
value stamped thereon. For the carrying on
of the business of the office the following offi-
cers are to be appointed, as soon as the public
interest shall require their services, upon the
nomination of the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, namely, an
assayer, a melter, and an assistant assayer;
and the assayer may employ one clerk and as
many workmen and laborers, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, not
' exceeding six in number, as may be required.
The salaries of the officers and clerk are to be
as follows: the assayer, $3,600; the melter and
assistantassayer,$2,500 each; theclerk, $1,800;
and the subordinate workmen and laborers are
to receive such wages as are customaiy, accord-
ing to their respective stations and occupations.
The second section provides that the officers
and clerk to be appointed under this act, before
entering upon the execution of their offices,
shall take an oath or affirmation before some
judge of the United States or of the supreme
court of said Territory, as prescribed by the
act of July 2, 1862, and each become bound to
the United: States of America, with one or more
sureties, to the satisfaction of the Director of the
Mint, or of one of the judges of the supreme
court of Montana Territory, and of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, with the condition of the
faithful performance of the duties of their
offices.
The third section provides that the general
direction of the business of said assay office of
the United States shall be under the control
and regulation of the Director of the Mint at
Philadelphia, subject to the approbation of the
Secretary of the Treasury; and for that pur-
pose it shall be the duty of the said Director to
prescribe such regulations and to require such
returns periodically and occasionally, and to
establish such charges for melting, assaying,
and stamping bullion, as shall appear to him to
be necessary for the purpose of cairyiug into
effect the intention of this act in establishing
said assay office.
The fourth section provides that the sum of
$100,000 be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and in the construction of said assay office,
and in fitting up the same with the necessary
fixtures and apparatus; and the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby directed, on the pas-
sage of this act, to order the immediate con-
struction of said office.
The fifth section provides that all the laws
and parts of laws now in force for the regula-
tion of the Mint of the United States and for
the government of the officers and persons em-
ployed therein, and for the punishment of all
offenses connected with the Mint or coinage
of the United States shall be, and they are
hereby, declared to be in full force in relation
to the assay office by this act established as far
as the same may be applicable thereto.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point of order
that the bill contains an appropriation and
must have its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
let the bill be referred to th% Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. HEATON. It is my intention,after
saying a word or two, to move to refer this bill
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not object to that.
Mr. HEATON. It will be perceived, Mr.
Speaker, that this bill is one of vast import-
ance, asking as it does for an appropriation
out of the Treasury of $100,000 for building
an assay office in Montana Territory. £fter
consultation I am satisfied the matter should
undergo the supervision of the Committee on
Appropriations. I am satisfied it will be found
on examination that this appropriation should
be made. It will be borne in mind that this
vast Territory, equal in extent to three times
the State of New York or more, has no assay
office within its limits, yet up to this time there
stands the fact that §100,000,000 of silver have
been taken from the mines in that Territory
and added to the circulating medium of the
country. I shall add nothing farther at this
time. I move that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
ou Appropriations ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The morning hour then expired.
ELECTION CONTEST HUNT VS. SBEZ.CON.
The SPEAKER. By agreement the vote
was to be taken this morning, after the morn-
ing hour, on the election contestof Hunt vs.
Sheldon. The resolutions will be read as
reported from the Committee of Elections.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Caleb S. Hunt is not entitled to a
seat as a Keprescntative in the Forty-First Congress
from the second district of Louisiana.
Itesolved, That Lionel A. Sheldon is ontitledto his
seas as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress
from the second district of the State erf' Louisiana.
Mr. KERR. Let the resolutions, of the
minority be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That Lionel A. Sheldon is not untitled
to a seat as a Representative in the Forty-First Con-
gress from the second district of Louisiana.
Resolved, That Caleb S. Hunt is entitled to a scat
in this House as a Representative from the second
distiict of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. KERR. I move the substitution of the
first one of the resolutions just read for the
resolution of the committee; and on that I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 43, nays 12B, not voting
55: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beckr
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James Brooks. Burr. Calkin,
Cleveland, Conner, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, isldridKe,
Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Ilaldeman. ilambletoa*
ilamill, llolumn, Johnson, Kerr, Marshall, Mayham,
McNcely, Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, Potter, Ran-
dall. Reading, Reeves, Rogers. Slocum. Joseph S.
Smith, Sales, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Aukcn.
Van Trump, Wolis, iiugouo M. Wilson, Wood, and
Woodward—48-
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong. Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Banks, Barry, Sea-
man, Beatty, Bonnett, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Cake, Cessna. Churchill, William T.
Clark, Sidnoy Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode, Cowlcs, Cullom,
Dawes, Degennr, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery. Duval.
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
Fitch, Fox, Gaiiield, GiUillan, Hamilton, Hawley,
Hays. Heaton, Hoar, Hoge, Jenckes, Alexander H.
Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kolsey, Ketcham,
Knapp, Lash, Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McOrarv, McUrow, Mcliee, McKcnzio, Mer-
cur, Milnes, Kliakim II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore, Myers. Ncgley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perco, Peters, Phelps,, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, bargeut,
Sawyer, Schenek, Scolield, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Steven*.
Stevenson, Stokes, Strong, Taffe, la.nnor, iilunan.
Townsend, Twicholl, Tyncr, Upson, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William 13.
Washburn, Welker, Wheeler. Whilmoro, Wilkin-
son, Willard, Williams, John X. Wilson, and
Witcher—m. ,, ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aycr, Bailey, Barnum,
Benjamin. Benton, Blair, Boles, Looker, Bowon,
Roderick R.But.ler, Cox, Davis. Donley, Dyer, Lla,
llaight, Hale, Harris, Hawkins, Hay, Heflin. Hill,
Hooper. Ilotchkiss, IngersoU, Thomas L. Jones,
Jndd, Knott, Laflm, Lawrenco, Lynch. McCormick,
Morphis, Daniel J.Morrcll, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissoy, Packard, Plait, Porter, Uicc, Ridgway, Schu-
maker, Sbauks, Lionel A. Slioidon, Porter Sheldon,
Sherrod, Shober, Wortliington 0. Smith, Stone,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Voorhees, W mans,
and Winchester—05.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MAYHAM said: I am paired with Mr,
Strickland on party questions ; but as I re-
gard this as a judicial and not a party question,
I shall vote. I vote "ay."
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Speaker, in recording
my vote upon this question I desire to state
that it has been suggested to me that inasmuch
as I have a case pending before the Committeo
of Elections, and as this appears to be a strict
party vote, it would be as well fov me not to
cast my vote upon this proposition.
The SPEAKER. During the roll-call the
gentleman can only state.how he votes.
Mr. CONNER. I simply wish to state m
explanation   , „ „
The SPEAKER: The gentleman from Texas
TMr. Conker] will take his seat.
Mr. CONNER. I vote "ay."
Mr. COX. I have paired with the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, Mr. Bekton. If
he had been present he would have voted • no,'
and I would have voted "ay."
