1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
Mr. THURMAN. I beg pardon for the
interruption; but I should like, if the Senator
from Nevada has any information on tho sub-
ject, that he would inform us how many of
those persons who signed that paper which
has been read were defeated candidates at the
late election and how many of them are now
office-holders under the provisional govern-
ment and will go out of office if Virginia be
admitted ?
Mr. STEWART. I cannot answer in exact
terms either question. I am informed that
there are several in that position; but I did
not have time to investigate that question fully.
There is a large number of them now holding
office whose offices will be terminated on the
admission of the State. In that connection
this document bears its own condemnation on
its face. It bears evidence of a conspiracy
against good government; it suggests that
under the common law a defeated candidate
will take the seat if the candidate elected is
disqualified from holding the office. Conse-
quently it says the only reconstruction is to
administer the test-oath, put out the elected
candidates, and let the defeated candidates
take their places—a proposition for Congress
to elect representatives in the Legislature of
the State of Virginia!
It is a proposition to you to make a Legisla-
ture for Virginia; and how long will a Legis-
lature last if you make it? You are inviting
the people of Virginia to pull it down. They
must pull it down if you put it up in such a
shape as that. You could have nothing but
anarchy; you could not have good government.
If you attempt to have any elections at all you
must allow the men elected to hold the offices,
and not put them out and put the defeated can-
didates in. I have no doubt that in many in-
stances defeated candidates, North and South,
who are beaten at elections would like very well
if somebody would put out their successful com-
petitors and put them in. That is a mild and
beautiful request to make here!
But I would not have said a word if this
memorial had been respectful in tone, if it
had not been unjust and abusive in its language
to g'entlemen who have not the right to be
heard on this floor, and abusive also of the
Judiciary Committee for not hearing them. It
would enlighten the Judiciary Committee very
much to hear a set of men who propose to put
the Legislature of Virginia out and put them
in; men with such theories of good govern-
ment as that, men who assume to he the loyal
people of Virginia! If there are no people in
Virginia more loyal to law, to order, to justice,
and to common decency, Virginia is in a bad
fix when they make such an audacious request
as that.
Now, they want time. They have been to
General Canby with these complaints, and they
have been to the Administration, and the alle-
gations have been investigated ; and now they
' come to Congress and make all sorts of charges
and propose a scheme so revolutionary, so vin-
dictive, so unjust that it is subversive of every
idea of American liberty. They propose that
the defeated and repudiated candidates for the
Legislature of Virginia shall be installed in
office. What a mockery! If we cannot do
better than that we had better put them under
military rule and keep them there until an
indignant people put us out of our seats, as
they will do.
I ought in justice to Governor Walker to
have his speech on that occasion read; but I
will not proceed further until there shall be
further provocation.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, has it come
to this that the loyal people of Virginia cannot
be heard on this floor; that a petition pre-
sented by a member of this body proceeding
from them is to have first the denunciation of
the Senator from Nevada on my right, [Mr.
Nye,] and then the denunciation of the Sen-
ator from Nevadaon my left, [Mr. Stewart?]
Why are the loyal people of Virginia to be
thus exposed ? What have they done ?
Mr. STEWART. Disorganized the State.
Mr. SUMNER. To be sure the Senator
from Nevada is now engaged in the endeavor
to trample them down under the hoofs of the
disloyal people of that State. Naturally en-
gaged in that work, he turns against their peti-
tion, and the language that he employs strikes
even at the right of petition itself. Sir, in
what respect is that petition open to exception?
The Senator says it is disrespectful. Towhom?
To this body? To the other Chamber? To
the President of the United States? To any
branch of this Government? Not in the least.
It is disrespectful, according to the Senator
from Nevada, to the present Governor of Vir-
ginia, and he undertakes to state his case.
Now, sir, I have nothing to say of the present
Governor of Virginia. 1 am told that he is on
this floor ; but I have not the honor of his ac-
quaintance, and 1 know very little-about him.
1 make no allegation, no suggestion with regard
to his former course. He may have been as
sound always as the Senator from Nevada him-
self, but the petitioners from Virginia say the
contrary. They are so circumstanced as to know
more about him than the Senator from Nevada
or than myself, and they are so circumstanced
as to have a great stake m his future conduct.
Thus circumstanced they send their respectful
petition to this Chamber asking a hearing; and
what is the answer? Denunciation from one
Senator of Nevada echoed by denunciation
from another Senator of Nevada. The voice
of Nevada on this occasion is united, it is one,
to denouncea loyalpetition from Virginia. Was
I not right in presenting the petition ? Will the
Senator from Nevada say the contrary?
Mr. STEWART rose.
Mr. SUMNER. I will finish if the Senator
pleases ; I shall not be long.
Mr. STEWART. I will reply to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Was I not right
in presenting it? Shall these people be unheard ?
The committee which the Senator represents,
led by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] and now led by himself, are pressing
this measure to a precipitate conclusion. These
petitioners, having this great interest in the
result, ask for a hearing. Several days ago I
presumed, humbly, respectfully, deferentially,
to ask that this measure should be postponed
a few days in order to give an opportunity for
such a hearing. I was refused. The Senator
from Nevada would not consent, and by the
assistance of Democrats he crowds this meas-
ure forward. Sir, it is natural, allow me to
say, that one acting in this new conjunction
should trifle with the right of petition. When
one begins to act with such allies I can well
imagine that he loses something of his original
devotion to the groat fundamental principles
of our Government.
Something was said by my friend, the other
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] on another
passage of the petition referring to a distin-
guished colleague of my own. Why, sir, that
very passage furnishes testimony against the
cause represented by the Senatorfrom Nevada.
It shows how little to be trusted are these men.
It shows the game of treachery which they have
undertaken. It shows how they are intending,
with the assistance of my friend from Nevada,
to press this measure through Congress so as
to obtain for Virginia the independence of a
State. Are you ready for that conclusion?
Are you ready to part with this great control
which yet remains to Congress through which
security may be maintained for the rights
of all?
Something has been said by different Sena-
tors of plighted faith. Sir, there is a faith that
is plighted, and by that I will stand, God will-
ing, to the end. Let the Senator from Nevada
desert; let him, joining the Democrats, take
the other course ; but I stand firm by the plight-
ed faith of this great Republic. It is nothing
less than this: to secure the rights of all with-
out distinction of color iu the State of Virginia.
When I can secure those rights, when I can
see that they are firmly established beyond the
reach of fraud, beyond the violence of oppo-
sition, then I am willing that that State shall
again assume its independent position. But
until then I say wait; I entreat the Senate to
wait. In the name of justice, in the name of
liberty, for the sake of human rights, I entreat
the Senate to wait.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I was not
so unkind last February as to accuse the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts of deserting the Re-
publican party when in the last days of that
session, and the only session at which we
should ever have an opportunity ,of ingrafting
into the Constitution that grand principle of
equal rights known as the fifteenth amend-
ment, that Senator upon this floor, with the
Democrats, filibustered against the vote ; when
that Senator left the Chamber and refused to
vote, and when he used the same language of
haughty, overbearing pressure by which he
seeks to coerce me to-day. I send to the desk
the Globe with the Senator's speech on that
occasion, and I should like to hear a portion
of the language of the Senator on that occa-
sion read by the Clerk.
The Secretary read from the Congressional
Globe, part two, third session Fortieth Con-
gress, page 904, as follows:
" Dismissing tho reasons for tho amendment, Iturn
to those which make us hesitate to present it for
ratification. There are two. The amendment admits
that under the national Constitution as it is, with its
recent additions, a easte and an oligarchy of tho skin
may be sot up by a State without any check from
Congress: that these ignoble forms of inequality are
consistent with republican government; and that
tho right to vote is not an existing privilege and im-
munity of citizenship. AH this is plainly admitted
by the proposed amendment, thus despoiling Con-
gress of beneficent powers and emasculating the na-
tional Constitution itself. It is only with infinite
reluctance that I oan consent to any such admission,
which, in tho endeavor to satisfy ungenerous scrn-
ples, weakens all those texts which aro so important
for human rights.
"The hesitation to present theamendmont is in-
creased when we consider tho difficulties in the way
of its ratification. I am no arithmetician, but I un-
derstand that nobody hasyet been able to enumerate
the States whose^ votes can be counted_on to assure
its ratification within any reasonable time. Me m-
while this great question, which cannot brook de-
lay—which, for the sako of peace and to complete
reconstruction should be settled at once—is handed
over to prolonged controversy in the States. I noed
not depict tho evils which must ensue. A Stato will
become for tho time a political caldron, into which
will be dropped all the poisoned ingredients of pre-
judice and hate, while a powerful political party,
chanting like the witches in Maobeth—
' Double, double, toil and trouble.
Fire burn, and caldron bubble'—
will use this very amendment as the puddingstick
with which to stir tho bubbling mass. Such a con-
troversy should be avoided if possible; nor should
an agitation so unwelcome and so sterile be need-
lessly invited. ' Let us havo peace.'"
Mr. STEWART. That will do.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the next para-
graph be read.
The Secretary continued the reading, as
follows:
"Ofeourse, if there were no other way of accom-
plishing the great result, tho amendment should be
presented, even with all its delays, uncertainties, and
provocations to local strife. But happily all these
are unnecessary. The same thing may be accom-
plished by act of Congress without any delay, with-
out any uncertainty, and without any provocation
to local strite. The same vote of two thirds required
for the presentation of the amendment will pass the
act, over the veto of the President. Oncc adopted,
it will go into instant operation without waiting for
the uncertain coneurrenco of State Legislatures,
and without provoking local strife so wearisome to
the country."
Mr. STEWART. That will do.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; lot the Secretary finish it.
The VICE PRFjSIDENT. It is at the pleas-
ure of the Senator from Nevada. Does lie
desire the Secretary to continoe the reading .
Mr. STEWART. Go ahead.
Mr. SUMNER. Just finish that passage;
that is all.
