54:82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
cxp'cnso of making sucli alterations in tho Sonato
Chamber and tho Hall of tho House of Represent-
atives as will bring said Chamber and Hall to tho
exterior of the building.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend the bill,
on page 34, in line eight hundred and fifteen,
by adding after the appropriation for surveys
in Dakota Territory the words:
Provided, That $10,000 hereof bo expended on sur-
veys in the Pembina, land district.
That amendment was made in the House of
Representatives, but by some accident has beeu
omitted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Why should
money appropriated for Dakota Territory be
diverted to another district?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir; it is within the
Territory of Dakota. Itis on the Red River of
the North. Heretofore all the moneys expended
for surveys in that Territory have been expended
in the southern part of the Territory. It is
conceived to be necessary that surveys should
be had in the Red river valley.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask my honorable friend who conceived that
idea; whether it is the conception of the Com-
missioner, or of somebody who desires to have
the appropriation diverted ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The territorial Delegate
chiefly,and also the surveyor general of Dakota,
who has written me to that effect, desiring a
part of this appropriation to be used in this
district. He has promised to have surveys
made in that region of country heretofore, but
it has been neglected.
Mr. MOR1ULL, of Maine. I do not know
that that is not entirely proper, but it looks
precisely like diverting from the estimates
made for a particular service one half of the
amount to some other service.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does not the Senator com-
prehend that the district of Pembina is within
the Territory of Dakota ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are two districts
there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then why is it
necessary, if it is all in the same Territory, to
specify in what portion the money shall be
spent"?
Mr. RAMSEY. Because tho surveyor gen-
eral has heretofore neglected to do this thing.
He has promised several times to do it, but has
not done it. The territorial Delegate, who has
special charge of the interests of the Territory,
requests that it bo done. There can be no
objection to it, certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that there is, but it is a little unusual; because
a,11 those things are under the direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am surprised at the Sen-
ator from Maine, who was informed by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the House of Representatives that
this amendment was made there and dropped
between the two Houses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw all
opposition to it upon the presumption that it
was passed by the House, as the Senator from
Minnesota states.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly; there is no doubt
about it-
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the joint
resolution of the Senate No. 205, to determine
the construction of an act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, and for
other purposes, approved June 30, 1804, with
an amendment, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 368)
for the relief of Charles P. Elgin, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House insisted upon its amendment to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1835) to admit the State of Georgia to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United Stales,
disagreed to by the Senate, agreed to the con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. B. P. Butler of Massachusetts,
Mr. John P. Farxswortii of Illinois, and Mr.
H. E. Paine of Wisconsin, managers at the
same on its part.
The message likewise announced that the
House had passed the following resolution, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
liesolved by the House of Representatives, (tho Son-
ato concurring.) That there bo printod of tho annual
report of tho Commissioner of Agriculture for the
year 1809 two hundred and twenty-fivo thousand
extra copies, ono hundred and eighty thousand of
which shall bo for tho use of tho House of ltypresent-
atives, twenty thousand for tho use of the Sonato,
and twenty-live thousand for distribution by tho
Commissioner of Agriculture.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes' of tho
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 080) to authorize
the refunding and consolidation of the national
debt, to extend banking facilities, and to estab-
lish specic payments, further insisted upon its
amendment to the amendment of the Senate
to the said bill, and asked for a further con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. R. C.
Scuexok of Ohio, Mr. Samuel Hooper of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Samuel S. Marshall
of Illinois, managers at Use same on its part.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from tho President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed tho joint resolution (S.
R. No. 90) authorizing tho nomination and
appointment of Lieutenants Charles H. Pen-
dleton and Richard P. Leary as lieutenant
commanders on tho aclive list of the Navy.
TAXES ON INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senate to
concur in the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
205) to determine the construction of an act to
provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes, approved June
00, 18G4.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to add to the joint resolution the
words "or any moneys paid by mutual life
insurance companies to their policy-holders."
The amendment was concurred in.
funding bill.
Mr. SUMNER. In the absence of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, I move that the Senate insist oil
its amendments to the bill (S. No. 380) to au-
thorize the refunding and consolidation of the
national debt, to extend banking facilities, and
to establish specie payments, and agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representa-
tives on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Vice
President was authorized to appoint the com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The House of
Representatives having appointed the same
conferees, the Chair also appoints the same
conferees: the Senator from Ohio, Mr. Sher-
man, the Senator from Massachusetts, Mr.
Sumner, and the Senator from Kentucky, Mr.
Davis.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II, It.
No. 2165) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes.
Mr. RAMSEY. On page 39 of the bill, fol-
lowing the word "dollars." on line nine hun-
dred and twenty-nine, I propose to add these
words :
Provided, That ยง10,000 of this appropriation may
be expended for offico work by the surveyor general
of Minnesota.
This is under the larger appropriation for
surveys of public lands made necessary by the
Northern Pacific land grant; and in the bill
there is no provision made for the office work,
but simply for the surveys.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It may be well
enough to do something in that way; but I am
inclined to think that is too large, because the
office is provided for now to the extent of $6,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. That appropriation is gen-
erally fifteen or twenty thousand dollars ; but
here is an unusual appropriation of $96,000 and
no additional appropriation for office work.
I will compromise with the Senator, and say
$5,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to $5,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. I so modify the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer this amendment to
come in under the head of " miscellaneous"
appropriations, after line eleven hundred and
nineteen, on page 46 :
To enable tho Secretary of tho Interior to pay to
tho parties entitled thereto the balances due tho
creditors of tho upper and lower bands of Sioux
Indians, on account of supplies furnished said In-
dians prior to tho 3d day of December, 1860, there is
hereby appropriated the sum of $65,812 47.
This is partially due under treaty and par-
tially under the request of the Indians at their
council subsequent to the treaties of 18GS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then it is par-
tially a public and partially a private claim.
Being so mingled I must raise the question of
order on my friend.
Mr. RAMSEY. These are legitimate debts
of the United States, and the request is made
of the Government to pay them. They have
been subsisting for a long time, the parties, of
course, with suffering awaiting this long de-
lay. I hope the Senator will withdraw all oppo-
sition, and allow the amendment to go upon
the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What commit-
tee does it come from?
Mr. RAMSEY. The question has been re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
under the following letter of the Interior De-
partment :
Department of tub Interior.
Washington, June 13, 1S70.
Sir : On tho 19th day of June, 135$, treaties were
concluded between tin/ United States and tile upper
and lower bands of Sioux Indians, m Minnesota.
Each of these two treaties, in the third article, con-
tains a stipulation that an amount not exceeding
t;70,000 shall be paid out of tho proceeds of tho sale of
tbe land? mentioned in the seoond article of said
treaties, to satisfy the just debts and obligations of
said Indians.
The treaties were negotiated in this oity, and sev-
eral of tho creditors of the Indians were present.
The different bands were desirous that all their obli-
gations should bo canceled, and the sum named in
the third article of the treaties was based upon an
estimate which, at that time, was thought to bo suf.i-
ciont to cover all demands that misht be made
against them; but upon an examination of the ac-
counts which, alter examination and abatement by
the Indian department, wore allowed, it was ascer-
tained that, alter tho payment of the amount pro-
vided by tho treaty to satisfy tho indebtedness of this
Indians at the_ date of the treaties, a balance of
^5i,616 35 remained against them.
In 1S62, tile 1 ndians, parties to the treaties, com-
menced hostilities against the citizens ot the United
States, known as tho Sioux ludian massacre, v/iiieii
resulted in the abrogation ot all treaties with i bo
tMoux, their removal from the rt iervatioiis in the
fetate of Minnesota, ami the eonhsoatwn of their
annuities.
1 here is also duo !>y the. lower bands of Siimx Ip-
dians the sum ot f,.S,li)o being a b.il nice of ebiiin-i
against them arising subsequent to the treatyoilS'S.
Mr. Secretary Smith, on thetilst day <>' May, lvjl,
atter a consideration of thesubject,directed thtpay-
mc at of the debt* of tho Ind'an^ to the extent named
I ill llie treaties. uameSy, Mfh.ODO, which amount wa3
