3594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
but I think what I wished further to say will
as well apply to this one as to that. I can
well understand why on the Democratic side
of this House a member holding the convic-
tions of his party should rise to assail the Ad-
ministration. I can well understand why the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] should
criticise, as he did in his remarks of yesterday
and on a previous occasion, the various officers
of the Navy Department. And by the way, I
should like to remark here in passing that in
the remarks I made in reply to him yesterday
I may have used an expression which I now
think was not justified underthe circumstances,
and which, with the leave of the gentleman, I
will now withdraw. I stated that his remarks
were inspired by hostility to an officer who had
done so much in the Navy to prevent the ful-
fillment of his prophecies that the Republic
was hopelessly divided. I think the remark
would have been more appropriate applied to
others than to that gentleman, for I remember
in the Thirty Seventh Congress, of which we
were both members, the gentleman from New
York was not one of those who indulged in
suclt prophecies; but on the contrary was one
of those who believed that there was hope for
the Republic. Though he sometimes expressed
the opinion that those anti-slavery ideas which
we infused into the war, and by means of which
1 believe we succeeded, retarded our success,
yet he did believe in the ultimate success of the
Republic. He was not of those who indulged
in jeremiads on the situation, but was hope-
ful, and in advance of most of his party help-
ful of the cause. I say this out of mere jus-
tice to him. But while expecting now harsh
and even unjust criticism of the Administra-
tion from that side of the Chamber, I ain sur-
prised at the lawyer-like ingenuity on this to
put everything in the worst possible light.
Mr. COX. With the leave of the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] I wish to
say one word. My opposition to certain mat-
ters connected with the Navy is entirely con-
fined to the present administration of the De-
partment. I believe-that Admiral Porter was
in an abnormal condition in the Navy; and I
so expressed myself, not more vigorously, per-
haps, than thegentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Washburn. ] But I beg to say that my hostility
to the present naval administration has not
arisen from any want of appreciation of what
Admiral Porter did during the war. If I re-
member rightly I was the author of the resolu-
tion of thanks to Admiral Porter. I drew it,
and it passed this House and went to the Sen-
ate. And I drew another resolution of thanks
to General Thomas, which was passed here at
the same time. I think no man can justly
charge me with being wanting in appreciation
of the services of any man or officer who fought
during the war. Therefore I thank the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] for the
ample apology he has made for his remarks
yesterday with reference to my prophecies.
My opposition to the peculiar administration
of this Naval Department is entirely confined
to its present condition- And in the speech I
made yesterday, and which will be in print to-
morrow, I believe I have shown that all that I
stated last February with regard to the condi-
tion of the Navy has been confirmed by sub-
sequent (acts and revelations.
l'he CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment to the amendment is exhausted.
Mr. SARGENT. As the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] has occupied the greater
portion of my time, 1 trust I shall be allowed
one minute longer.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend by adding one dollar to the amount.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
moved the amendment for the purpose of say-
ing that I see no pertinence in the remarks of
my friend from California [Mr. Sakgent] or
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
to this question. The committee, I think, un-
derstands it, and there is no necessity for
buncombe speeches. Let us have a vote on it.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I think I
understand the position of the question ; and
I think that what is here proposed by the
Committee on Appropriations should not be
adopted by the Committee of the Whole. It
seems to me that they commenced with the
idea of cutting down all the estimates of the
Navy Department by some ratio known to them,
and known to no one else, without reference
to the necessities of the country.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
simply to say that what is here proposed is
satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. O'NEILL. It may be satisfactory to
the Secretary of the Navy, but not to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and I am rather of the
opinion that the amounts asked for by the
Secretary would have been more satisfactory
to him.
I desire to say just here, what I had not an
opportunity of saying last evening when the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] took his
seat. We have had a great deal of criticism
on the present head of the Navy Department,
and on the gentleman (Mr. Borie) who as-
sumed its administration on the 4th of March,
1869, to say nothing of the distinguished naval
officer (Admiral Porter) who has been on duty
there. We have heard comparisons made
between the present Secretary of the Navy and
his immediate predecessor, and their course in
the performance of their duties, and that of
the incumbent of the office prior to the inau-
guration of General Grant. I do not rise here
to say a word against Mr. Welles. But I want
to say to the committee that the circumstances
under which that gentleman conducted the
Department were entirely different from the
circumstances existing to-day, and which have
existed for more than a year past. We were
in n state of war, or just recovering from it,
during nearly the whole of that gentleman's
administration of the Navy Department, and
Congress gave liberally for the support of
the Navy and for the fitting out its hundreds
of vessels. On the 4th of March, 1869, when
this Administration came into power, the re-
duction of the expenses of the Navy was going
on, and has been going on ata rapid rate since,
and I take it that it is much harder to lop off
expenses than it is to incur expenditures.
Hence this criticism is unjust which lias been
repeated here so often.
Now, in regard to another point referred to
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
I want to know when in the history of this Gov-
ernment the Navy Department has not had
officers of the Navy detailed for duty there ?
Why, sir, it is divided into bureaus, and dis-
tinguished officers have always been on duty
there as heads of those bureaus. During the
administration of Secretary Welles he had the
assistance ofCaptaiu Fox,adistinguished officer
and I presume that Secretary always sought
the advice of that officer on all matters of im-
portance in the Department,and especially on
matters relating to the equipment of vessels
and sending them to sea. Mr. Chairman,
whatever any other Secretary may have done,
the records show the devotion of ex-Secretary
Borie to the interests of the Government, and
no one can point to a single act of his that
was not prompted by a patriotic conviction of
duty. The present Secretary, in carrying on
the Department, lives and acts by the laws of
the country, and executes his high office with
intelligence and promptness and with a determ-
ination to economize in expenditures; and I
am sure the country has confidence in Admiral
Porter, so distinguished in his naval career,
and in the heads of the bureau, who have been
called to perform the responsible duties of their
respective positions. The organization of the
Navy Department has never in the history of
the country been more effective than now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
we shall now have a vote, and I gwe notice
that hereafter I shall make a point of order on
any gentleman who does not confine his re-
marks to the pending amendment. I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FERUISS. I give notice that hereafter
I shall object to the withdrawal of any amend-
ment.
The formal amendment being withdrawn,
the amendment offered by Mr. Wasublux, of
Wisconsin, was then agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For civil establishment at the navy-yard, Ports-
mouth, Now Hampshire:
For civil engineer, $1,500; for draughtsman and
clerk to civil engineer, at Sl,400 each ; lor clerk of
pay-rolls and mustering clerk, $1,500; for receiver
and inspector of stores, $1,500; forclerkto command-
ant, 81,500; for chief accountant, $1,800; clerk to
chief accountant, $1,200; for gate-keeper anddetect-
i ve, $1,000, and for messenger at commandant's office,
$600; making in all $13,400.
Mr. ELA. In line twenty-six I moveto strike
out " one " and insert " two so that it will
read, " for civil engineer, $2,500."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That
amendment is right. It is in accordance with
existing law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out all after the word "dollars," in line
thirty-two, and all of lines thirty-three and
thirty-four, as follows:
Forchiefaccountant,$1,800; clerk tochief account-
ant, $1,200; for gate-keeper and detective, $1,000.
Mr. Chairman, I will say that the offices
which I move to strike out can well be dis-
pensed with. They are offices which do not
exist in all of the navy-yards of the United
States. In all the navy-yards there are several
departments, each of which has an accountant,
and these accountants can just as well account
to the Navy Department as they can to a chief
accountant of the navy-yard, who afterward
sends up the accounts to the Navy Department
at Washington. There are no chief account-
ants and their clerks at the navy-yards at Nor-
folk and Pensacola, and it is only a useless
piece of red-tapeism and constitutes offices for
which there is no earthly use whatever.
Now, in regard to the gate-keeper and detect-
ive, I would say that in all the navy-yards
there are marines who really fulfill this duty, and
there are supernumerary officers. For instance,
in the navy-yard at Washington—where I shall
move to strike out these officers—we have
altogether forty-three officers overseeing four
hundred or four hundred and fifty men. My pur-
pose is to follow this up with similar amendments
iu the paragraphs relating to other navy-yards.
A gate-keeper and detective were necessary
during the war because of the immense amount
of business that was done at these yards, the
amount of material passing in and passing out,
and the great number of persons passing to and
fro who had business there. But since the war
all necessity for these officers has passed away,
and if the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] who has charge of this bill will
join me in striking out these various super-
numerary offices which now exist we can re-
duce the annual expenses of the Government
in the navy-yards of the country about thirty-
five thousand dollars.
Mr. STEVENS. Imove to amend theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Archer] so as to insert in lieu of what he
proposes to strike out the words " for clerk to
receiver and inspector, $1,500." I desire to
say that from what I learn I might suspect that
there is a surplus of employes at the Ports-
mouth navy-yard; that there is a chronic evil
there of that character which has been some-
what increased, perhaps, during the last lew
months. I am informed by a letter from Ports-
mouth, which I now have before me, that
although appropriations are made for a cli-rk
to the chief accountant, and for a gate-keeper
and a detective, they are not employed there.
On the other hand, a clerk to the receiver and
