1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
declaring them entitled to representation, be-
cause this act to which 1 have referred of itself
declared that they were entitled to representa-
tion when their Legislatures should do certain
things.
The Representatives from Georgia were ad-
mitted to the House of Representatives. So
far Georgia was treated precisely like the other
States named in this act. And no new act of
Congress was passed declaring any one of them
entitled to representation, because, as I said
before, that declaration was already contained
in the act of June, 1868. Mr. Dawes, at that
time chairman of the Committee of Elections,
reported a resolution declaring that the mem-
bers presenting themselves here from the State
of Georgia were entitled to their seats. That
resolution was adopted by the House, and the
members were sworn in, and served during the
Fortieth Congress. The Legislature of Georgia
had been duly organised at that time.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment for the purpose of making
a slight correction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman's statement ;
is substantially correct, bat I believe Mr. j
Dawes diet" not report a formal resolution, but i
merely stated to the House that the committee
had found that the State of Georgia had com- j
plied with thelaw, and moved that these Repre- j
sentatives be sworn in, and they were so sworn
in. Thefacts are substantially as thegentleman
stated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I shall read what
took place:
"Mr Dawhs. I am instructed by the Committee
of Elections to report bock the credentials of J. W.
Clift and C. H. Prince, members-elect from the State j
of Georgia, that State having ratified the fourteenth I
amendment to the Constitution, and in all other |
respects having conformed to the requirements of
law in regard to the admission of that State. These
gentlemen will take the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2,1862.
"The report was agreed to.
" Mr. J. W. Clift and Mr. C.B.Xtonoe accordingly
appeared, and were duly qualified by taking the oaths
proscribed by the act of July 2,1862."
And afterward all the other members from
Georgia qualified in like manner. The proc-
lamation which it was made the duty of the
President to issue when Georgia should ratify
the fourteenth amendment was duly issued by
the President. We were told by the President
and Secretary of State that that fourteenth
amendment had become part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and among the
States which had ratified it, thus making it a
part of the Constitution, was the State of Geor-
gia. I was about to say that the Legislature
of Georgia was duly organized, and very little
exception was taken to its organization at that
time. But afterward the colored members of
the Legislature were expelled wrongfully and
unlawfully, so that when the Senators-elect
from the State of Georgia presented their cre-
dentials to the Senate the Senate was unwill-
ing to go further in admitting representatives
from that State because of this expulsion of the
colored members, and what was regarded by
many as the revolutionary act of that Legis-
lature.
I have had putin my hand the message of the
, President of the United States to Congress at
the opening of the present session. He says,
in speaking of the reconstructed States:
"Seven States which passed ordinances of seces-
sion have been fully restored to their places in the
Union. The eighth, Georgia, held an election at
which she ratified her constitution, republican in
form, elected a Governor, members of Congress, a
State Legislature, and all other officers required.
The Governor was duly installed, and the Legisla-
ture met aad performed all the acts then required
of them by the recoastruction acts of Congress."
She performed all the acts required of her
by the reconstruction acts of Congress 1 He
goes on;
"Subsequently, however, in violation of the con-
stitution which they had j tut ratified, as since decided
by the supreme court of theState, they'unseated the
colortd members of the Legislature and admitted to
seats some members who are disqualified by the third
clause of the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution, an article which they themselves had con-
tributed to ratify. Under these circumstances I
would submit to you whether it would not be wise,
without delay, to enact a law authorizing the Gov-
ernor of Georgia"—
Not "the provisional Governor," but "the
Governor of Georgia"—
"to convene the members originally elected to the
Legislature," &c.
All the State officers elected in pursuance of
the constitution of the State were duly inau-
gurated and installed, and the affairs of the
State were turned over to the civil authorities
of the State by General Meade.
The Senate, as I was saying, hesitated about
admitting the Senators from Georgia, and
their credentials were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. The majority of that
committee made the report to which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
alluded, not the entire committee. There was
a minority report made by Senator Trum-
bull, of Illinois, and I believe it was con-
curred in by another member of the commit-
tee. The majority report, made by Senator
Stewart, of Nevada, declared that in the
opinion of that committee the State was not
then entitled to be represented. They care-
fully put in the word "now," and reported a
resolution that "Mr. Hill is not now entitled
to his seat in the Senate." Why? Because
they held that the Legislature which had been
duly elected and duly organized had, after that
organization, committed a revolutionary act,
and therefore the State ought not then to be
represented iu Congress. That report, how-
ever, was never acted upon by the Senate.
It was nothing but the report of a committee,
and if the gentleman from Massachusetts is
going to pin his faith to a report, and that not
a unanimous report, of a committee of the Sen-
ate, I would respectfully refer him to the unan-
imous report made the day before yesterday
by the Judiciary Committee of the Senate,
through Mr. Edmunds, of Vermont, wherein
they say that no more legislation is necessary
in the case of Georgia. I sent to the Senate
for a copy of that report, but received for an-
swer that it is not yet printed. It lias been
published in the newspapers, however, and I
presume most of the members have seen it,
for it was in the New York papers of yester-
day. I will read an extract from that report
as published in the paper which I hold in my
hand:
"And inasmuch as it appears certain that the
terms of office of the members of the Georgia Legis-
lature and of its State government will expire at the
game time that they would have done had the State
been fully restored to its placein the Union in July,
1868, and did not commence or run from the date of
its future admission to representation, without refer-
ence to what might be the legal or literal construc-
tion of the last clause of the second subdivision of
the first section of the third article of the constitu-
tion, the committee feel justified in omitting to rec-
ommend any farther legislation," &e.
Now, Mr. Speaker, for my own part I do
not profess to rely wholly upon any report that
may be made by a committee of the other
branch of Congress. We are here acting inde-
pendently of that body, I hope, upon our own
responsibility to onr constituents; bnt I sub-
mit that if we are to follow in the footsteps of
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate,
if we are to take as the law and gospel the
mere majority report of that committee made
in the ease of Mr. Hill, of Georgia, we certainly
should follow without question the unanimous
report of the committee with reference to this
subject.
The Legislature, as I said, wrongfully and
unlawfully expelled the colored members, thas
committing a revolutionary act, and in conse-
quence of that expulsion theState has not been
' represented in the Senate of the United States,
| and the anomalous spectacle was presented of
' a State being represented is one House and
: not in the other daring the Fortieth Congress.
| At the commencement of the present Con-
j gress the same persons who held seats in the
Fortieth Congress as Representatives from
Georgia appeared and asked to be admitted to
seats in the Forty-First Congress, and for cre-
dentials they presented the very same papers
upon which they had been admitted to seats in
the Fortieth Congress. Now, it so happened
that when the election was held in the State
of Georgia one of the tickets was " For mem-
berof Congress." I hold here in my hand one
of the tickets then voted, a Republican ticket.
It reads, "For Congress, J. W. Cliff." The
voters of one of the congressional districts voted
a ticket, "For Congress, J. W. Cliff," with-
out anything to show whether it was for the
Fortieth or Forty-First Congress. Mr. Cliff
receiving a majority of the votes cast for Con-
gressman in that district, came here with a
certificate to that effect, took his seat in the
Fortieth Congress, and served in that Congress
as a Representative from the State of Georgia.
Since that time there has been no election
in the State of Georgia for members of the
Forty-First Congress; and the Committee of
Elections, of which the distinguished gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] is chair-
man, reported but a short time since that the
persons who had served in the Fortieth Con-
gress as members from the State of Georgia,
and who now claimed seats in this Congress
upon the same certificates, ought not to be
admitted to seats in this Congress. Now, I
ask gentlemen what is the object of passing
this bill when there are no members-elect to
this Congress from the State of Georgia? I
will tell them why. It is upon the theory of
those who are urging this bill, that the admis-
sion of these gentlemen to the Fortieth Con-
gress is to go for nothing, like the drink which
Rip Van Winkle took. [Laughter.] That is
the view. Although they served in the For-
tieth Congress, voted and drew their pay like
any other members of that Congress, and very
likely gave casting votes frequently for the
passage or the defeat of bills, that is all to go
for nothing, and they are to be allowed to
come back here, be sworn in, and take their
seats as members of the Forty-First Congress.
The argument of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] in favor of this bill is
that it is not fair that these colored men who
were expelled for a time from the Legislature
should not have the enjoyment of their offices
for the two years for which they were elected.
Now when those men were reseated in the
Legislature, as they have been, of course they
drew pay for their entire term. According to
that argument a man who has been duly elected
to Congress, but whose seat is contested, and
who fails to receive a certificate of election,
and therefore does not obtain his seat till the
last session of the Congress, should be allowed
to hold over into the next Congress in order to
enjoy the full term of two years for which he was
elected. Or, he might go into the next Con-
gress, and begin de novo, blotting out entirely
his service in the previous Congress, on tho
ground that he did not enjoy a fall term in the
old Congress. That is the argument of the gen-
tleman. It is very well understood what tbis
bill is for. It is to prolong the tenure of office
of certain gentlemen in the State of Georgia,
and it might as well be so entitled as anything
else. That is the object of the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is the tenure of office
of any State officer to be considered as having
began until the State has been admitted to
representation by act of Congress ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Icannot answer that
"yes" or "no" and make my answer plain. In
the ease of Georgia we passed an act declaring
that that State should be entitled to represent-
ation as soon as they should do certain things.
They did those things, and the President issued
his proclamation setting forth that they had
done those things. The State officers were
inaugurated, the Legislature was set going, and
