4538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17>
the District of Columbia," approved February
6, 1870, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 750) for continuing the St. Paul and
Sioux City railroad across the Territory of
Dakota to Yancton, and for continuing the land
grant in aid of the same, reported it with
amendments.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Hesolond, That the Attorney Gonoral be directed
to inform the Senate in regard to the practico of tho
Court of Claims in tho matter of remanding, for fur-
ther evidence or argument, cases submitted by tho
parties to its consideration,and of ordering new trials
in eases decided by the court, withn.ny particulars
tending to sbowwhether further legislation is neces-
sary to secure the rights of the United States in that
respect.'
ROAD FROM DUr,UTII.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
ttemlved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to
communicate to tbe Senate the report of General
Warren upon tbe survey and cutting out of a road
from Dulutb to the Boise Fort Indian reservation,
in Minnesota., with tho maps, &a-„ accompanying it.
RELIEF OF ARMY OKFICBRS.
Mr. CAMERON. I report, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ask the Senate
to take np the joint resolution (II. II. No. 109)
amendatory of joint resolution for the relief of
certain officers of the Army, approved July
20, 18G0. This is a resolution to pay certain
officers who were imprisoned, and who did
not get their commissions at the proper time
for that reason. It was before the Senate
on a former occasion, and I propose to offer
an amendment to it which will obviate all
objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
That joint resolution entitled "Joint resolution
for the reliof of certain ofliccrs of the Army," ap-
proved July 20, 1886, shall be so construed and
amended that in all cases arising under the same,
the person to whom the commission shall have issued
shall be considered as commissioned to tho grade
named therein, from the dato when tho commission
was issued by competent authority, and entitled to
all pay and emoluments as if actually mustered at
that date: Provided, That at the time of tho issuing
of tho same he was performing the duties of the
grade to which he was commissioned, or from such
time after tho issuing of his commission as ho may
have actually entered upon such duties.
Six:. 2. And be it further resolved. That persons held
sr- prisoners of war by tho enemy, or who shall havo
been in hospital by reason of wounds or disability,
at the timeof the issuing of their commissions, shall
bo entitled to the same benefits under this resolution
as if actually performing the duties of the grade to
which thev were commissioned.
Sec. 3. And be it further resnhed. That this resolu-
tion shall not bo construed to apply to cases in which,
under tho In.ws and Army regulations existing at tho
time there could have been no lawful muster into
scrvice even after the actual receipt of tho commis-
sion.
Mr. CAMERON. I now move to amend
the joint resolution by striking out all of the
iirst section after the. word " same " in the sixth
line, and also striking out the third section,
so that it shall operate only in favor of those
officers who were imprisoned in rebel prisons.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the joint resolution as it will read
if amended as proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The Secretary. It is proposed to amend
the joint resolution so that it shall read:
That joint resolution entitled "Joint resolution for
the relief of certain officers of tho Army," approved
•Tulv 26,18G6, shall be so construed and amended that,
in all eases arising under tho same persons held as
prisoners of war by tho enemy, or who shall have
been in hospifa,! by reason of wounds or disability,
at the time of tho issuing of their commissions, shall
be entitled to the same pay, emoluments, and bene-
fits under this resolution as ii actually performing
the duties of the grade to which tliey wore commis-
sioned.
Mr. CASSERLY. ^ I should like to inquire
first whether this joint resolution has been
reported by any committee; and, in the next
place, how it comes up at this time?
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state that this is a House resolution,
which has been favorably reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs. There was
some objection to it when it was taken up
before, but I have stricken out all that part
to which objection was made.
Mr. CASSERLY. I remember that it caused
discussion the other day, when it was^ called
up; and it seems to me to be very questionable
to take it up and pass it in this way, when no
Senators, except those who arc present at the
moment, knew that such a bill would come up
this morning.
Mr. CAMERON. There is no opposition
to it, I believe, in its present shape. I think
all Senators agree to that portion which I
have retained m the resolution. It is now
merely confined to those persons who were iu
rebel prisons, and who on that account did not
receive their commissions.
Mr. CASSERLY. I remember that it was
discussed and questioned when it "was up bo-
fore, and I do not know how it comes up now
when the morning business is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business had concluded, and the Senator from
Pennsylvania asked consent to take up this
bill. The reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with, and there appeared to be very
little morning business. The question now is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, to strike out all of the res-
olution except the portion that has been read,
confining it, as the Senator states, to those
who were in rebel prisons.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the jomt resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
CONSTRUCTION OF PENSION ACTS.
Mr. EDMONDS. Although I dislike this
practice very much, as the Senate seems dis-
posed to adopt it, and if it does there is no
hope of getting up anything except by consent,
I ask that the Senate take up the bill reported
from the Committee on Pensions, restoring to
certain widows the pensions which under spe-
cial laws they had previously been granted,
and which, under a construction of the act, they
are deprived of, that it may be considered and
passed. It is House bill No. 1407.
There being no objection, the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. 11.. No. 1467) to construe cer-
tain acts therein cited, in relation to pensions.
The bill provides that neither the act of July
27, 1800, entitled "'An act increasing tho pen-
sions of widows and orphans, and for other
purposes," nor the act of July 27, 18G8, enti-
tled "All act relating to pensions," shall be
so construed as either increasing or reduciuj
the amount authorized to be paid in any spe
cial act of Congress granting a pension, when
ever such act fix definitely the amount of pen
sion to which the person therein named shall
be entitled.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
report the bill as it will stand if amended as
proposed by the Committee on Pensions.
The Secretary read as follows:
That neither the act of July 25,18Gi3, entitled "An
act increasing the pensions of widows and orphans,
and for other purposes." nor tho act of July 27.1S63,
entitled "An act relo.ting to pensions," shall be so
construed as to increase the amount directed to bo
paid in any special act of Congicss granting a pen-
sion ; nor shall said aet^ be construed so as to reduce
tho same wiieneversuch act iix definitely the a.niourtf.
of pension to which the person therein named shall
be entitled, in cxcess of the rate fixed by generallaw
for the rankin respect to which such special pensions
may havo been or may hereafter be granted.
Sec 2 JL)id bo itfwther enacted, Th&t this act snail
have the effect to restore to tho persons affoeted
hereby any sums heretofore withheld froin thein by
the construction hereinbefore prohibited.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. THAYER subsequently said: 1 desire to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote by which
House bill No. 14G7 was passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
in the possession of the body, and the motion
to reconsider will be entered.
DISTRICT SUPREME COURT.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise for the purpose of
entering a motion to reconsider Senate bill
No. 491, which passed yesterday, and having it
recalled from the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the title
of the bill ?
Mr. FOWLER. "A bill relating to the
supreme court of the District of Columbia."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill has
been sent to the House of Representatives.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask to have it recalled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee asks that a message be sent to the
House requesting the return of Senate bill No.
491, that he may enter a motion to reconsider.
If there be no objection that order will be
made.
Mr. POMEROY. What is the reason for it ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He desires to
enter a motion to reconsider,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that order wjU
not be made until the chairman of the comn> V
tee comes in.
Mr. FOWLER. It is a simple motion to
request the return of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to it at present,
until the chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
who has charge of the bill, comes into the
Chamber.
Mr. FOWLER. The motion to reconsider
cannot be entered until a message be sent to
the House for a return of the bill, and that is
all I ask now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that; but
I object to the message being sent until the
chairman of the committee comes in. The
Senator can then consult with him about it.
CONTRACTS FOR SERVILE LABOR.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 973, to prohibit contracts for servile labor.
I presume it will give rise to no debate.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Nevada asks unanimous consent to take up
Senate bill No. 973. If there be no objection,
it is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, subject to a demand for the regular-
order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Nevada to allow that bill to he over. I am
not prepared to discuss it now as it should be
discussed.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
allow it to pass. It should be passed now if
at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California objects.
Mr. STEWART. I move that it be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the Senator from Nevada moves to pass
over all other orders for the purpose of consid
ering this bill.
Mr. STEWART. I will state 
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
not debatable. If the Senator moves to post-
pone all other orders that is a debatable motion.
Mr. CASSEllLY. I desire simply t.o stale
that that is a bill which concernsmy State very
much and the Senator's State not at all; and
