2650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
Mr. KNOTT. On this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Jtod.
If he were here he would have voted in the
negative, and I in the affirmative.
_ Mr. SWEENY. My colleague, Mr. Joxes,
is confined to his room by sickness. If he had
been present he would have voted "ay.;'
Mr. WINCHESTER. I desire to state that
I have paired with the gentleman from Mis-
souri, Mr. Dyer. If he had been present he
would have voted "no." I would have voted
"ay."
Mr. COBURN. My colleague, Mr. Shanks,
is absent. If he had been present he would
have voted "no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above reported.
The question rccurred on agreeing to the
first resolution reported from the committee,
as follows:
Resolved, That Caleb S. Hunt is not entitled to a
seat as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress
from the second district of Louisiana.
Mr. KERR. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it wad decided
in the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 47, not voting
CO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Allison. Ames, Armstrong, Arnell
Asper, Atwood, Banks, Barry. Beaman, Beatty. Ben-
nett, Boles, Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burch-
?,Td' F- Butler, Cake, Cessna,
oburi-mlj, William 1. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Amusa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger Co-
vodo.Gowlee, Culloni, Dawes, Degener, Dixon, Bock-
cry, Duval, Farnswortli, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, I< isher, Fitch,Garfield, ttilftllan, Halo, Hamil-
ton, llawley, Hays, Beaton, Hogc, Hooper. Jenckes
AlexanderH.,I ones, J ulian.lielley, Kellogg, Kelsoy!
Knapp, Lash, Loughridgo. Mayna.rd, McCarthy Mc-
Crary, McGrew.McKee.Mercur,Milnes,Eliakim H
Moore, Jesso 11. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J
Morrell, Myers Negley O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Backer, Paine, Palmer, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Prosser, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer.
Sehenok, Seoheld, John A. Smith,William J.Smith
Worthmgton C. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather,.Stevens, Stevenson. Stokes, Strong, Taffo
fanner,Tillman, iownsend,1'wicheU, Tyner.tjpson
,vS.UorJ'.Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn
Wi liam B. Washburn Welker, Wheeler,Whitmore'.
Wilkinson. Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, and
\y itcber—119.
NAYS - Messrs Axtell, Beck, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Con-
ner, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Uidridge, Getz, Gris-
wold, llaldeman, Ilambicton, Hamill, Holmni),
Johnson, Kerr, Marshall, Mayham. McCormick, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Niblack, Potter, llandull, Reading
Kcoves, Rogers, Schumakcr, Sloeum, Joseph y
bmith. btiles.Stonft, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble.Van
Auken.Van Trump,Weils, Eugene M.Wilson,Wood,
and Woodward—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer
Ayer, .Bailey, Barnurn, Benjamin. Benton, Blair
Booker Bowen, Wcorge M. Brooks, Roderick K
Butler, Cox, Davis, Dickey, Donley, Dyer, Ela, Fox,
(iibson.Haight,Harris, Hawkins, Hay, ifeflin, Hill,
Hoar, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Judd
Ketcham, Knott, Laflin, Lawrence, Logan, Lynch
Melvenzic, Morphm, Samuel P. Morrill. Morrissev
Mun^en, Piatt, Porter, Rice. Ridgway, Roots,
bhanks, Lionel A. bheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sher-
rod, fohober, btoughton, Strader, Strickland, Voor-
hees. Ward, Wmans, and Winchester—60.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The question was next on agreeing to tho
substitute, reported by the minority of the
committee, to the second resolution.
The resolution reported by the committee
was as follows:
llesohed, That Lionel A.Sheldon is entitled to
his seat as a Kepresentative in tho Forty-First
Congress from the second district of the State of
Louifejaua.
The substitute reported by the minority of
the committee was as follows:
Ilwlvrd, That Caleb S. Hunt is entitled to a seat
in tins House as a licprcsentative from the second
district of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw the substitute.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution reported by the committee.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
109, noes 42.
Mr. RANDALL. I feel it to be my duty to
call for the yeas and nays on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 51, not voting
61; as follows:
'n A?is<S?' Ame1f' Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper. Atwood. Banks, Barry.Beaman, Beatty, Ben-
nett, Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buckjuek-
ley, Buffinton, Burchard. Burdett, Benjamin^'. But-
ler, Cako, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sid-
ney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowlos,
Oulloiu, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Duval,
larnsworth, lernss. Ferry, Finkelnbnrg, Fisher,
Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hamilton, Harris,
Hawley. Hays, Hcaton, Hill. lfoarL lloge, Hooper
ilotoljfus.s, Jonekes, J ulian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey
Lash, Logan, Maynard, McCarthy,
i -^f^Urewv McKeo, MeKonzie, Mereur,
Milnes, Eliakim 11 Moore. Jessell. Moore, William
£ereo- Meters, Phelps, Pom-
jvi t l ®,an|or?', Sargcht, Sawyer, Sehcnck,
A-Smith William J. Smith,William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stovcns, Stevenson, Slokes.
T™?,?' /ra"e* banner, lillman, Townsond. Twichell,
Wnlr£ U1>S0,'V ,Yan van Wyck, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wlioeler, Whitmore, John T.
Wilson, and Witchei—114.
■rE£iv~Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin,
g 5v?Iand'„Co"k'„C™bs. Biekinson, Doekcry, Dox
i ! ™ n <\ fc > ^riswold, Haldeman. Ilamhleton,
Hamill, Holinan,Johnson, Kerr, Marshal, Mayham,
i i fic t? yf-®ors!ul' Niblack, Poland,
J,™*1'111' Reading Beeves, ltogors, Seliu-
makei, Sloeum, Joseph b'. Smith, Stiles, Swann,
\'ia A "ten. Va« Trump, W ells, Wilkinson,
ward—51 sene Wllsoa' Wood, and Wood-
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ayer, Bailey,
Barnurn, Lonjaiiun. Benton, Blair, Booker, Bowen
llodenck It. Butler, Clinton £. Cobb, Connor, Covodo,
Cox, Davis Donley, Dyer, Ela,Fox,Gibson,llaight,
'"f-,lcttlP>I" °rfl>11.Alexander 11.Joiies,
i l lynott, Lallin, Lawrence,
Loughudgo Lynch, Morplus, Samuel P. Morrill
Morrissoy,Mungcn,Mycr«,Orth, l'latt. Porter,Kice
Bidgw,iy, ltoots, Sbiinks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, bherrod, Siiober. Wortliingtou C. Smith,
felone, Stoughton, btrader, Strickland, Sweeney,
\ oorhccs. Ward, C.idivalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liams, Winsm.c, and Winchester—61.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion lo reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE lfltOM T1I13 SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. ILuuus,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
nad agreed to the concurrent resolution for
the appointment of a special joint committee
to consider and report upon the policy proper
to be pursued by the United States toward the
Indiau tribes to insure their welfare and civil-
ization, with an amendment; in which ho was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
OltDEK Olf BUSINESS.
Mr. CESSNA. I now move lo lake up the
contested-election case of Taylor vs. Reading,
from the fifth district of Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCHliNCK. I feel it to be my dutv lo
raise the question whether the House will con-
sider that case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit
the question to the House.
Mr. CESSNA. I beg to make a very brief
statement.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. CESSNA. I know that; I only desire
to say a word.
Mr. RANDALL. I object unless both sides
can be heard.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
05, noes 63.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmax and
Mr. Cessna were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes ninety-one, noes not counted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 10G, nays 54, not voting
06; as follows:
Buflmton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler
Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William X. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb,Coburn, Cook, Conger, Covode,
Cowlos, Cuilom, Dickey, Dixon, Duval. Ela. FarnsI
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, fisher, Gilfit-
lan, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hays, Hea-
ton, llill. Iloar, Hoge, J enckes, Alexander Ii. Jones,
Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, ICnapp, Lash,
Logan. Loughndge, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew,
MoKee, Mercur, Lliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore
Sw 1■^i^Un1^£0£e• P™1®'J-Morreli, Myers. Ncgloy.
O Neill.Orth,Packard,Packer, Paine, Palmer,Peree
Peteis. Phelps, 1 oland, Prosser, Sanford, £>awyer,
Scofield, Shober, Worthmgton C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Taffo, 'Till-
man, iownsend, JLynor, Upson, Van Horn Von
Wyck. Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wheclor, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Willaid. Wil-
hains.JohnT.Wtlson, and Witcher—106.
,,r, ir Mi??sr,s-TAllison, Ames, Archer, Axtell,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, James Brooks, Burr.Cal kin, Cleve-
land, Connor, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridere
Getz, Gibson, unswold, Haldeman, Hambleton,Hol-
liian, Johnson, lielley. Kerr, Knott, Marshall,May-
haul, JUoCormiek, Mckenzie, McNeely, Milnes,
Moiga.il, Niblack, Potter, ltandall, lleeves, Rogers,
Sweeney" Trimbfe,'Auk^^fep^?:
anfuFooawSd-ei; M" Wilson> Winchatw. Wood,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ayer, Bailey, Bar-
nurn, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Booker.
Bowen,Roderick It. Butler, Clinton L. Co&b, Davis
S'WjUosener.Dpekery, Donley, Dyer, Fitch, Fox
I8! •' ffo-'e- Hamill, Ilay.lleflin,Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Laflin
Lawrence, L};nch, Maynard, Morphis, Samuol P.
Beading, Itico, ltidgway, Boots, Sargent, Schu-
makei. Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon
Sloeum John A. SmUh, William J. Smith, Stevou-
T.,n\£ - T' Strader, Strickland, Strong.
' t wichell, Voorhees, Ward, and Winans—GO.
So the motion of Mr. CESsxAwas agreed to.
patent laws.
Air. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Patents, reported back with
amendments the bill (H. R. No. 1714) to re-
vise, consolidate, and amend the statutes relat-
lng to patents and copyrights, and moved that
the bill be recommitted, and, with the amend-
ments, printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recommit-
ted ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT POUTER, BUFFALO.
_ Mr. IJENNETT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 248)
authorizing the improvement of the grounds
owned by the United States in the city of Buf-
falo, New York, known as Fort Porter ; which
was read a first and second lime, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
_ Mr. DAWKS. Ought not the joint resoln-
tion to go 1to'thei Committee on Appropriations ?
Mr. IJENNBn. No, sir; it contains no
appropriation whatever.
indian affaies.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
reported a bill (If. R. No. 1777) to reorganize
the system of governing the Indian tribes, to
promote their civilization, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first, and second time,
lecommitted to the comimtteej and ordered to
be printed. ^
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the sev-
cral votes not already reconsidered by which
mils, &c., had been referred and recommitted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
bo laid on the table.
J he latter motion was agreed to.
junction contest—tailor vs. heading.
The House then proceeded lo the considera-
tion of the contested-election case of Caleb N.
taylor eg. John R. Reading, from the fifth con-
gressional district of the State of Pennsylvania.
''e resolutions reported by the majority of
the uommittee of Elections were as follows:
1 John R. Beading is not entitled to ,
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Arnell, Asuci,
Atwood, Banks,Barry, Beaman, Bennett, Bmghaw,
i Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck,
*tK; T rf -A Js not entitled to
<'()n~, A ,v 1 rlyopresontaUvefrom the fifth
ton icssional d^t-ii t of Pennsylvania.
' ilt 8aIob T-l.vl°r is entitled lo a seat
V's House as Lopresentative from the fifth con-
MX'.vional disii'ict ul Pennsylvania.
