304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
The Secretary continued the reading, as fol-
lows :
" The States will not be turned intb political cal-
droas, and the Democratic party will have no pad-
ding-stiek with which to stir the bubbling mass.'
Mr. SUMNER. Go on.
The Secretary continued the reading, as fol-
lows :
" I do not depart from the proprieties of this occa-
sion when I show how completely the course I now
propose harmonizes with the requirements of the
political party to which I belong. Believing most
sincerely that the Republican party, in its objects, is
identical with country and with mankind, so that m
sustainingitl sustain these comprehensive chanties,
I cannot willingly sco this agency lose the opportu-
nity of confirming its supremacy. You need votes in
Connecticut, do you not?"
Mr. STEWART. I think that is enough.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be finished. [Laugh-
ter.]
The Secretary continued the reading, as fol-
lows :
"There are three thousand fellow-citizens in that
State ready at the call ol Congress to take their place
at the ballot-box."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the floor is in the possession of the
Senator from Nevada unless he yields it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask permission of the
Senator from Nevada to allow me to submit a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Let us see first whether
the Senator from Massachusetts wants only
the whole speech or the whole Globe read.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if he has not had enough of his
own speech read? [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Nevada resumes the floor he has the right
to do so and to stop the reading at any time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to finish now.
Mr. SCJMNER. We had better adjourn
now, and you can begin to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the scene
then enacted will be well recollected by the
Senate. That speech, delivered in the same
tone in which he now talks to me about de-
serting, the same haughty, domineering tone,
the same tone that demands all the amenities
for himself and none for his fellow Senators,
was delivered while I sat here begging for a
vote on that essential amendment. I did not
retort on him then ; I did not say to him "You
are voting with the Democrats and throwing
obstructionsinthe way of reconstruction.'' But
now we come to a point where a rebel State has
come forward and offered to help us ; wc have
almost the requisite number of States; we are
very near the goal; we are very near accom-
plishing what he said was impossible ; the agi-
tation has been had and the victory is ours ;
and in the day of victory, when we are about to
ingraft that principle on the Constitution, the
Senator from Massachusetts comes forward and
attempts to tear down a State from helping us,
tries to shut the door in her face, and says "We
will not have your assistance, but we will have
the assistance ot the loyal people of Virginia.''
Who are the loyal people of Virginia? The
thirteen signing that petition, arrogating to
themselves to be the loyal people of Virginia,
organized in a room at Washington and pass-
ing resolutions and sending them here? I do
not deny the right of petition ; but the reading
of a petition by a Senator is an indorsement of
that petition. It makes it a part of his speech,
and then I have a right to criticise it.
Mr. SUMNER. I presented the petition.
I did not make it a part of a speech.
Mr. STEWART. It was presented and
referred or laid on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. It is laid on the table now,
Mr. STEWART. But when a Senator rises
and sends a petition to the Chair, and asks that
it be read, of course it is regarded as a part of
his remarks. Otherwise I should have objected
to the reading of the petition, becauso we do
not give our time to the reading of petitions;
they can be received, and considered by the
proper committees. But when a Senator comes
forward and has a petition read he indorses it
to a certain extent. I would not indorse on
this floor, by sending it to the Chair to have it
read, an attack upon the Governor of a State
against whom I had to confess I knew nothing.
It it is read it will be heralded to the world as
charges against this Governor. It has the in-
dorsement of the great name of the Senator
from Massachusetts; it crushes where it falls.
This man, who has struggled to establish equal
rights in Virginia, and who has brought that
people up to the point of indorsing the fifteenth
amendment, is deserving of better treatment
at the hands of Congress. Knowing as I do
the labors he has performed, the efforts he has
made, and the injustice of the attack upon him,
I should be less than man if I did not, in my
humble way, although the humblest in this
body, protest against it; and I do not fear that
I shall be read out of the Republican party by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I never said any such thing.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator said that I
was a deserter. When I am a deserter in such
company as I now am, when I am a deserter
with the solemn pledgeof Congress at myback,
when I am a deserter with the plighted faith of
the Administration with me, when I am a
deserter with Canby and Grant and the Repub-
lican party that passed these laws, and laboring
in my humble way to defend the honor of this
Congress and prevent it from repudiating what
it has most solemnly done—so long as I am
a deserter in such company, I can stand the
charge, even when made by the great Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to;
adjourned.
and the Senate
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 12, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
fifteenth amendment.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concurrent resolutions of the State uf
New York, repealing and rescinding a resolu-
tion to ratify the fifteenth amendment of the
Constitution of tho United States, and asked
that the same do lie on tho tabic.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to have the res-
olutions read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Concurrent liemlutions repealing, rescinding, and an-
nidlinothe preauible and resolution of the Leaislature
of the State of New York, pawed April 14,1869, rela-
tive to the proposed amendment to the Constitution, of
the United States.
Whereas at tho last session of the Legislature of
this State a preamble and concurrent resolution were
iidopted in the words and figures following, to wit:
Wheroas at the session of the Fortieth Congress
it was resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of tac United Btates of America in Con-
gress assembled, two thirds of both Houses concur-
r[nS- that the following article shall be proposed to
the Legislatures of the several States as an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, which
amendment, when itshall have been ratified by three
fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be valid to ail
intents and purposes as a part of the said Constitu-
tion, namely :
"'AkticleXV.
Sec. 1. The right of citizens of the United States
to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or by any btato on <*ccount ot race, color, or
previous condition of servitude.
2. The Congress shall have power to cr-
torce this article by appropriate legislation.'
therefore resolved, (if tho Assembly concur,) That
the said proposed ainendmentto the Constitution bo
atnAt a*p?1110, herebv is. ratified by tho Legislature
of the State of New ^fork :
And whereas the proposed fifteenth amendment !
above recited has not been ratified by tho Legisla-
tures of tnree fourths of the several States, and has i
not become a part of the Constitution of the United I
States; and whereas tho State of New York, repre-
sented in tho Legislature hero now assembled,
desires to withdraw the consent expressed in tho
above recited concurrcnt resolution: Now. therefore,
Be it resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That the
above recited concurrent resolution bo, and it hereby
is, repealed, rescinded, and annulled.
Ana be it further resolved, (if the Assembly concur,)
That the Legislature of the State of K" ew York refuses
to ratify the above recited proposed fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, and
withdraws absolutely any expression of consent here-
tofore given thereto or ratification thereof.
Beit further resolved, (if the Assembly concur,) That
thoGovernor be requested to transmit acopy of these
resolutions and preamble to the Secretary of State
of the United States, at Washington, and to every
member of the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States, and the Governors of the sev-
eral States.
State of Mew Yokk,
Is Senate, January 5,1870.
The foregoing resolutions were duly passed.
By order of the senate.
HIBAM CALKINS,
Clerk,
State op New York,
Ix Assembly, January 5,18t0.
Tho foregoing resolutions were duly passed.
By order of the assembly.
C. W. ARMSTBONC,
Clerk.
State of New York,
Office of Secretary of State,
Albaxy, January 7,1870.
I certify that the above is a true copy of certain
concurrent resolutions and preamble on file in this
office.
rL a D. WILLERS, Jr.,
' *J Deputy Secretary of State.
general mooehead.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a personal explanation. In the Congressional
Globe of December 17, 1869, is the report of
a debate on repudiation, which was followed
by a colloquy between my colleague [Mr.
Scofield] and myself, in which I alluded to
Hon. J. K. Moorhead, of Pittsburg. I had
finished my impromptu speech, or rather it was
terminated by your inevitable hammer, when
the honorable member from Nebraska [Mr.
Fitch] resumed the floor to speak on Cuban
affairs, but yielded it to my colleague [Mr.
Scofield] to propound a question to me. It
was in answer to this question that I made a
statement which, as reported, does not express
the idea I meant to convey, and which I wish
to modify and explain. The report in the
Globe is as follows:
" Mr. Scofield. I desire to ask a single question
of my colleague [Mr. Woodwakd] in relation to
repudiation in Alleghany county.
" Mr. Fitch. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. buoFiELP. I want my colleague to do justico
to tho people of I ittsburg and Alleghany by saying
that it was not a part repudiation but that both par-
ties were divided on the question; that candidates
were run in favor of repudiation, and that some oi
both parties voted for them, and that others of both
parties voted against them.
. '' Woodward. To a great extent that was the
lact. Our friend, General Moorhead, who was a
member of the.last Congress, could not get elected
to Congress until he turned repudiator and ran upon
the repudiation ticket. It was necessary for him to
stump the county as a repudiator before he could
secure his election.''
It will be observed, sir, that I assented to my
colleague's proposition, and illustrated it by
reference to General Moorhead, who I never
considered a repudiator at heart, for I knew
that both his instincts and interests were op-
posed to repudiation, Bat what I meant was
tnat he so far bent to the storm that raged in
Alleghany county, that he so accomodated
himself to the prevalent popular sentiment as
to secure an election to Congress. My exact
thought was expressed in the words that "he
ran upon the repudiation ticket," or in the
language of my interrogator, "that candidates
were run in favor of repudiation, and that some
of both parties voted for them, and that others
of both parties voted against them.1' Every
successful ticket at that day in Alleghany
county had to be a repudiation ticket. The
repudiators, composed both of Republicans and
Democrats, held absolute control of the polit-
ical fortunes of the county. Doubtless some
