1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3595
inspector, for $1,500 a year, has been left out
of the estimates. I propose to rectify that con-
diiion of things by striking out the clerk to the
chiefaccountant, the gate-keeper and detective,
which my informant says are not employed
there, and inserting a clerk to the inspector
and receiver of the yard, which has been
dropped out for some reason or other, I do
not know whats
If there was time I would be glad to learn
from the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] who has charge of this bill what
all these clerks are for. For instance, provis-
ion is made here for "clerk of pay-rolls and
mustering clerk." Now there are, I believe,
in the Portsmouth navy-yard two or three pay-
masters with their paymaster's clerks. Then,
in addition to them, I find in this paragraph
"for clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk,
$1,500." I really hope the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] will be able to
give us a little reduction of the force at the
Portsmouth navy-yard, which I understand has
been increased somewhat uselessly during the
last few months.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
oppose the amendment to the amendment, for
the purpose of saying that the estimate of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks for the Ports-
mouth navy-yard for this year was $16,039,
which the Committee on Appropriations have
cut down to $13,400.
The Navy Department says that we have
been very harsh with them by cutting down
their labor too much. I do not think so. I
understand from the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Archer,] who ia a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and who is satis-
fied with the amendment which he has pro-
posed, and from the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Stevens,] who represents
the State in which this navy-yard is located^
that there is no occasion for all these employes.
I am sure I have no objection to striking some
of them out. But I would say that the Bureau
of Yards and Docks have already protested
that we have cut down their estimates too
much.
Mr. WBLKER. I would ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin why keep in the clerk to the
commandant of this navy-yard?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They
estimate for three clerks to the commandant.
Mr. WELKER. Do they not use subor-
dinate officers for that purpose ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Welker] will not expect a young
officer with epaulets on to perform clerical
duty.
Mr. WELKER. I do not know why he
should not.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Stevens to the amendment
of Mr. Archer; and being taken, it was not
agreed to, upon a division—ayes seventeen,
noes not counted.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Archer; and being taken,
it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to further amend
this paragraph by inserting after the words
" for chiefaccountant $1,200," the words "for
clerk to receivc - and inspector $1,500." I
presume there will be no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object
to it; it is not estimated for at all.
Mr. DAWES. That was not estimated for
by the Department.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand from a letter
which I have received from the navy-yard at
Portsmouth that this was left out by mistake
or accident. I have had no time to investigate
that matter.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Stevens ; and it was
agreed to.
. No further amendment being offered to the
paragraph, the next paragraph was read, as
follows:
At the navy-yard, Boston, Massachusetts:
For civil engineer. $2,500; for draughtsman and
clcrk to civil engineer, at Sl.'fOO each j for clerk of
pay-rolls and mustering clerk, $1,500; for receiver
and inspector of stores, SI,500; for writer to receiver
and inspector of stores, $939; for one clerk to com-
[ mandant, $1,500; for chief accountant, $1,800; for
clerk to chief accountant, SI,200; for gate-keeper
and detective, $1,000; and for messenger for com-
mandant's office, $u00; in all, $15,339.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by striking out these words:
For chief accountant, $1,800; for clerk to chief
accountant, $1,200; for gato-koopor and detective.
$1,000.
This amendment is the same which has been
made with reference to the yard at Ports-
mouth.
I Mr. ARCHER. As this amendment cor-
responds with that already adopted with refer-
ence to the Portsmouth navy-yard, I hope it
will be agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. This proposition is not the
same as that upon which the Committee of
the Whole has already voted. In connection
! with the Portsmouth navy-yard the declara-
! tion was made that these officers are not em-
ployed there; but at the Boston navy-yard
. there is a gate-keeper and detective employed,
the occupant of the office being a one-armed
| soldier, who faithfully performs his duty, and
i whose services are absolutely necessary for the
j security of the property of the Government.
i This man is deserving of the place which he
! occupies; the salary paid him is reasonable—
| indeed, less than he ought to receive; and the
| Government needs his services. This is not the
! same question as that upon which the commit-
tee has already voted. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move, as an amendment to
the amendment, to strike out "and for mes-
senger for commandant's office, $600." In
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] I wish to say that these officers
are employed at the Portsmouth navy-yard.
, The letters upon which the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] founded his
proposition originated in this way: the Ports-
, mouth yard is located partly in New Hamp-
shire and partly in Maine, and there has beeu
I a contest as to whether the officers should be
chosen from Maine or New Hampshire. Some
| men from Maine have been appointed in place
i of New Hampshire men who have been re-
' moved. Thus there arises a question of patron-
age as between the two States. Those inter-
ested in behalf of the New Hampshire appli-
cants have sent here a proposition that these
offices shall be discontinued, their object being
to put out the men who are now in office.
Whatever may have been the motive of the
gentleman from New Hampshire in offering
the amendment, this is the sole purpose of
those who have written to him. Now, these
officers are just as useful at the Portsmouth
as at the Charlestown yard. The occupants
of the offices at Portsmouth are generally sol-
diers, for in the appointments preference has
been given to soldiers. If these officers are
not needed at Portsmouth they are not needed
at Charlestown, or at New York, or any other
yard. The same rule should be applied to all.
Let these offices all stand upon the same
footing.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Lynch.] The reasons assigned by him with
reference to the yard at Portsmouth do not
apply at all to the yard at Boston. The com-
mittee certainly was informed and believed
that these offices werq npt filled at the Ports-
mouth yard. I have been so informed by gen-
tlemen around me, some of whom voted for
the amendment on that ground, though I did
not. At the Boston yard the office of gate-
keeper and detective is necessary now for the
same reasons that it was necessary during the
war, though it may not be necessary to the
same extent. There exists now, as there did
during the war, a necessity for careful guard-
ing at the gate and the watching of those who
go in and out, the object being to prevent work-
men or visitors from carrying away Govern-
ment property. The office is necessary, and in
the yard at Boston it is filled, as I have said, by
a most deserving man, a one-armed soldier,
who faithfully performs the duties at a very
low salary. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw my amendment
that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] may renew it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I renew
the amendment for the purpose of explaining
the position of this matter. The estimate for
the navy-yard and Bureau of Yards and Docks
at Charlestown was $19,039. The committee
have cut it down to $15,300, very much to the
dissatisfaction of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks. The committee feel that they have
made as great a reduction as ought to be made.
I am satisfied that we made a mistake in adopt-
ing the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Arcjiep..]
Mr. STEVENS. What is the number of
employes dispensed with by the action of the
committee?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am not
able to state the particular offices that have
been struck out; but we have reduced the ex-
penditure about four thousand dollars below
the estimate. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it, but that it will be passed as reported
by the Committee on Appropriations. We had
to judge by what we were told at the bureau.
They told us that they could not dispense
with any.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I hope the committee will strike
out this provision for a detective. In every
navy-yard we have marines who stand guard
at the gate and act as gate-keepers all day and
all night. They perform this duty, and 1 can-
not see any earthly necessity for having a civil
employ6 to do exactly what these marines not
only can, but what they really do perform.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we should abolish all
the offices for which, as the gentleman says,
there is no earthly necessity, how, then, would
members of Congress manage to keep up their
patronage ?
Mr. ARCHER. I do not see there is any
earthly necessity for this patronage. I think
the less patronage members of Congress have
the happier it would be for them and the better
it would be for the country. In every navy-
yard there are four departments, the depart-
ment of steam engineering, the medical depart-
ment, the pay department., and the department
of navigation. Each one has a clerk who keeps
the accounts of that department. Under the
present system each one of these accountants
makes out an account of his department and
sends thataccount to the chief accountant, and
he sends the account to the Navy Department,
instead of allowing each one to account to the
head of his Department here at Washington.
In my judgment the present system is a useless
expense to the Government. There is no
necessity whatever for its being kept up. It
protects the Government in no way.
If I interfere with a maimed soldier at the
navy-yard in Boston I am sorry for it. I know
personally no person who may be affected by
this amendment, and have only looked at this
thing as a practical matter for the benefit of
the Navy Department and for the purpose of
reducing the expenses of the Government.
Mr. BANKS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I only wish to say that the marines who
stand at the gates of the navy-yard are notable
to perform the duties of these detective officers.
Men who are suspected have oftentimes to be
followed and watched, and it ia only after
repeated visits that the wrong is done to the
Govermneut which these detective officeis ure
