mo.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
41st Cokg....2d Sess.
Capitol Police.
For one captain, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars ; two lieutenants, at one thousand
five hundred dollars each ; twenty-iive pri-
vates, at one thousand two hundred dollars
each, thirty thousand dollars ; and eightwatch-
men, at one thousand dollars each, eight thou-
sand dollars, making in all forty-two thousand
eight hnndred dollars, one half to be paid
into the contingent fund of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the other half to be paid into
the contingent fund of the Senate: Provided,
That no disabled soldier shall be discharged
by reason of this act.
House of Representatives.
For compensation and mileage of members
of the House of .Representatives and Dele-
gates from Territories, one million three hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the House of Repre-
sentatives, viz: Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, four thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars; chief clerk and Journal clerk,
three thousand dollars each ; four assistant
clerks, at two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars each ; one assistant clerk,
at two thousand five hundred and twenty dol-
lars; nine assistant clerks, including librarian
and assistant librarian, at two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars each ; one chief
messenger and clerk to the Speaker, at five dol-
lars and seventy-six cents per day each; for
three messengers, at one thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars each; one messenger in
the House library, one thousand four hundred
and forty dollars ; one engineer, one thousand
eight hundred dollars ; three assistant engin-
eers, at one thousand four hundred and forty
dollars each ; six firemen, at one thousand and
ninety-five dollars each per annum-; for clerk
to Committee ot' Ways and Means, two thou-
sand five hundred and ninety-two dollars;
clerk to Committee on Appropriations, two
thousand five hundred and ninety-two dollars ;
clerk to Committee of Claims, two thousand one
hundred and sixty dollars; clerk to Committee
on the Public Lands, two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars; Sergeant-at-Arms, four
thousand three hundred and twenty dollars:
Provided, That he shall receive, directly or
indirectly, no fees, other compensation, or
emolument whatever for performing the duties
of his office. or in connection therewith ; clerk
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, two thousand five
hnndred dollars; messenger to Sergeant-at-
Arnis, one thousand four hundred and forty
dollars ; Doorkeeper, two thousand live hun-
dred and ninety-two dollars ; first assistant
doorkeeper, two thousand five hundred and
ninety two dollars; postmaster, two thousand
five hundred and ninety-two dollars; first
assistant postmaster, two thousand and eighty-
eight dollars; four messengers, at one thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty-eight dollars
each ; five mail carriers, at one thousand and
eighty dollars each ; Chaplain of the House,
nine hundred dollars; two stenographers, four
thousand three hundred and eighty dollars each;
superintendent of folding room, two thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars; superintend-
ent and assistant of the document-room, at
five dollars and seventy-six cents per day
each ; document file clerk, one thousand eight
hundred dollars; eleven messengers, five at
one thousand eight hundred dollars, and six at
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars
each ; twelve messengers during the session, j
at the rate of one thousand four hundred and
forty dollars each, per annum—making in all
the sum of one hundred and forty-seven thou-
sand nine hundred and sixty-seven dollars and
sixty cents,
For contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz:
For cartage, three thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For clerks to committees, and temporary
clerks of the House of Representatives, thirty-
two thousand two hundred and thirty-two dol-
lars.
For folding documents, including materials,
eighty thousand dollars.
For fuel, seven thousand dollars.
For horses and carriages for the transport-
ation of mails, and for the use of messengers,
ten thousand dollars.
For laborers, twelve thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, fifty-five thousand
dollars.
For newspapers and stationery for Members
and Delegates, at one hundred and twenty-five
dollars each per annum, thirty-one thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars ; and for sta-
tionery for committee!! and officers of the
House, five thousand dollars.
For twenty pages for the floor of the House
and three riding pages, at the rate of two dol-
lars and fifty cents per day while actually em-
ployed, six thousand dollars.
For packing boxes, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For furniture, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to
the reporters of the House for the Congres-
sional Globe for reporting the proceedings of
the House for the third session of the Forty-
First Congress, eight hundred dollars each,
four thousand eight hundred dollars.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
For compensation of the Congressional
Printer, and the cleiks and messengers in his
office, twelve thousand five hundred and four-
teen dollars.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz:
for stationery, postage, advertising, furniture,
traveling expenses, horses and wagons, and
miscellaneous items, fifteen hundred dollars.
For the public printing, five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For paper for the public printing, four hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the public binding, four hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving illustra-
tions of machinery for annual report of the
Commissioner of Patents, seventy-eight thou-
sand dollars.
For lithographing the charts for the annual
report of the Coast Survey, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For engravings on wood and electrotypes
for the annual report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For all other lithographing and engraving,
one thousand dollars: I'tvoided, That here-
after no envelopes, letter or note sheets, for
the use of Congress or any Department or
officer, shall be printed from steel or copper-
plate, or by lithographing.
For copies of maps, plans, and diagrams in
fac-simile on tracing linen, for the use of the
Supieme Court of the United States, three
thousand dollars: Provided, That so much of
the ''act making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hnndred and seventy," ap-
proved March three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, f.s relates to the printing of extra
copies of public documents be, and the same
is hereby, repealed: And provided further,
That all propositions oiiginating in either
House of Congress for printing extra copies
of public documents, the cost of which shall
exceed the sum of five hundred dollars, shall
be by concurrent resolution, and all such reso-
lutions shall, upon their transmission from
either House, be immediately referred to the
Committee on Printing of the House, to which
they are sent. •
LIBRARY OP CONGRESS.
For compensation of the Librarian, four
thousand dollars.
For three assistant librarians, at two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars each, six
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
For two assistant librarians, one at one thou-
sand two hundred dollars, and one at nine hun-
dred and sixty dollars," two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For one messenger, one thousand seven hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars.
For three laborers, at eight hundred and
sixty-four dollars each, two thousand five hun-
dred and ninety-two dollars.
For thiee assistant librarians, at one thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars each, four
thousand three hundred and twenty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For purchase of boobs for said Library, eight
thousand dollars.
For purchase of law books for said Library,
two thousand dollars.
Forpurehaseof filesof periodicals and news-
papers, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For expenses of exchanging public docu-
ments for the publications of foreign Govern-
ments, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For Botanic Garden, grading, draining, pro-
curing manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and
purchasing trees and shrubs, under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress,
five thousand dollars.
For pay of superintendent and assistants in
Botanic Garden and greenhouses, under tin;
direction of the Library Committee of Con-
gress, eleven thousand two hundred and ninety-
six dollars.
I'CBLIC BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
For clerk in the office of public buildings,
one thousand two hnndred dollars.
For messenger in the same office, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge
of the water-closets in the Capitol, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of a foreman and twenty-
one laborers employed in the public grounds,
nineteen thousand two hundred and ninety-six
dollars.
For compensation of four laborers in the
Capitol, two thousand eight hundred and
eighty dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper, in
charge of heating apparatus under the old
Hall of the House of Representatives, eight
hundred and sixty-four dollars.
For compensation of furnace-keeper at the
President's House, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For two policemen at the President's House,
two thousand six hundred and forty doilnrs.
For compensation of two night watchmen
at the President's House, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.-
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's House, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at
the bridge across the eastern branch of the
Potomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one
thousand six hundred dollars.
For watchman in Franklin square, seven
hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the person in eh.irga
