4540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
that tlic House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (IT. R. No. 871) granting to the Utah
Central Railroad Company a right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph ; and
A bill (H. K. No. 2213) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, and foi- other pur-
poses," approved April 20, 1870.
KOADIN SANTA CLA11A COUNTT, CAMKOUNIA.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
B02, granting the right of way for a road in
California.
The VICE PRESIDE NT. It requires unani-
mous consent. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
The bill (S. No. G02) to grant the right of
way for the Alameda road through certain lands
in California was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that the portion of
the tract of land situated in the county of Santa
Clara, and State of California, lying between
the ltancho Potrero do Santa Clara and the
Itaiiclio de Los Coches, which is occupied by
Santa Clara street, according to the map of the
city of San Jos6, and the street intersecting
Santa Clara street, is hereby granted to that
city for the purpose of streets; and the parcels
of the tract lying between the sanchos named
which are included within the corporate limits
of-the city, and not occupied as streets, are
granted to the respective persons in posses-
sion thereof, by themselves or their tenants.
The bill also grants the right of way through
that portion of the tract of land lying between
the ranchos named, which is situate without
the corporate limits of the city of San Jos6, to
the county of Santa Clara, for public use, for
the highways, roads and sidewalks, running
along, upon, or across the tract.
The bill was reported to the Seriate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
jiary lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
now proceed with the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 1050) granting a pension to Mary
Lincoln.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regu-
lar order. We shall come to that bill after
awhile.
Mr. SUMNER. TheSenatorfromVerraont
objects. Then I move to pass over all other
orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to pass over all other
orders for the purpose of considering the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. POMEROY. Under the order adopted
by the Senate Fridays are set apart for the
consideration of the Calendar. There are res-
olutions on the Calendar which ought to be
passed by the Senate, if passed at ail, before
we take up any more appropriation bills. The
Senator from Maine has indicated that ho in-
tends to insist on the consideration of an appro-
priation bill to-day. We shall facilitate the
passage of that bill if we can go to the Calen-
dar of resolutions and pass that resolution. I
think we ought to do it to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the motion debatable?
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to inquire
what motion is before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the order
read applicable to to-day; in order that I may
ask the Chair to enforce it against any motion
of this kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order is as
follows:
"On Friday of each week llie Calendar shall ho
proceeded with by considering only the bills and
jointresolutions to which no objection may bo made;
and such objection, if made, shall havo the cffcct to
pass tho bill or resolution over, and shall bo enforced
without debate.''
Mr. EDMUNDS. Therefore, inasmuch as
we are not on the unfinished business of yester-
day, I ask that this order may bo gone through
with. I have no objection to this bill being
considered, but I think we may make better
progress if we take up the unobjected cases
to-day. By so doing we can get over a great
many of them. This measure is one that will
lead to some debate, and therefore, as it is only
on Friday by the rules that wo can consider
unobjected cases, let us have them to-day. I
ask that the order of the Senate be carried into
execution.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope I may bo indulged
in one word of explanation. The Senate has
already acted on several bills this morning, and
I only ask that they may act on another, which
has been pending more than a year, and where
action has been delayed more than once through
my indefatigable friend, the Senator from Ver-
mont, who now enters a technical objection
against our proceeding. 1 hope the Senate will
be good enough to waive the objection now,
and allow us to vote on this measure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I make
this objection, and ask for the regular order of
unobjected cases, because there are twenty or
thirty poor needy widows who do not have fifty
or sixty thousand dollars in their pockets, whose
cases I hope to reach, and thereby put a little
bread in their mouths; and then when we
come to Mrs. Lincoln's bill we can attend to
her case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. is the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in order under the
' "'The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought itwas the order
of the Senate that this day should be devoted
to a certain purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a resolu-
tion of the Senate ; it is not an order. The
Chair has repeatedly stated the construction of
the rule. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, to pass over all
other orders, for the purpose of considering the
bill granting a pension to Mrs. Lincoln.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Brownlowv Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Fenton, i'Vyvler,
Hamilton oi Texas.IX.imhn.IIarlau,Harris, Howard,
Kelloga:, Lewis, McDonald. Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pool, liice, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Kum-
ner, Tiiaycr, Trumbull, Warner, and Wilson—31.
NATS—Messrs. Bayard, Borcman. Casserly, Conk-
ling, lidmunds, J?erry, liilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, IIowc, Howell, Johnston,McCrcery, Moirillof
Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Patterson, Pratt. Rob-
ertson, Ross, Kpencer, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
YickeiS, and Wilk'y—-4.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Cattell, Cor-
bctt, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Flanagan, Norton, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbury, Saivyer, Bprague,
Williams, and Yates—'17.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the bill
(II. R. No. 1950) granting a pension to Mary
Lincoln was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place the name of
Mary Lincoln, widow of Abraham Lincoln,
deceased late President of the United States,
on the pension-roll, and to allow and pay her
a pensiou at the rate of §3,000 per annum
from and after the passage of the aet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the report of
the committee on the analogous Senate bill
may be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the committee on the Senate bill on the same
subject will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. EdmuxdS, from the Committee on
Pensions, on the 5th of May, 1870, to accom-
pany Senate bill No. 19.
The Committee on Pensions, to which was referred
Senate bill No. 10, granting a pension to Mary Lin-
coln, widow of Abraham Lincoln, late President, of
111o United States, respectively reports:
That the President of the United fctates, although
by the Constitution he is made Commander-in:Uiici
ot the Army and Kavy  is a civil and not a military
officer. _ . ,,
The death of Mr. Lincoln occurred m the walk*
of civil lile, after, and no doubt as a consequence oi,
eminent public service. .
No principle, therefore, upon which pensions havo
been granted in this country hitherto will warrant
the passage of this bill.
JSo provision ot this nature has ever been maue
for the widows or families of either Washington.
Adam?, .leiFcrson, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, Van
Luren, Harrison, Taylor, or any other of the Presi-
dents or other civil officers of the United State?,
although many ot them, like Mr. Lincoln, rendered
the most exalted service to their country, and two
of theni prior to him died while in office, and
although r.hc families of some of them are under-
stood to havo been left in very slender pecuniary
circumstances.
There is nothing, then, so far as the committee is
aware, to distinguish this case, putting it upon its
most iavorable ground, from that of the great body
ot the civil officers of the Government of all grades,
trom the highest to the lowest, from the earliest
period, who have lost their lives (frequently by vio-
lence) while in the performance ot their public duties',
and who he vo left behind them widowoand orphans
m a bereavement aggravated by poverty and want.
it has not been thought wise, considering the true
nature and office of government in a free country,
where the jaw ought to create the least possible
number of favors or distinctions, to provide perma-
nent emolument:- in any lorm to tho families of the
high officer* of Stale, as is done iu many European
countries'. With as,the moment an office terminates
from any cause, the officer or his surviving family
become c^ual but not superior members of soeicty.
Tho noblest rank and tho noblest name is thaloi
citi/en.
However much, therefore, wc may, as everyone
suicly does, sympathize with the sorrows and einbiu -
ras«ments of the widows and relatives of ourciti-
zem< who have rendered distinguished civil services
to the country, those sorrows'and embarrassment.;
certainly afford no ground of claim for pensionr-
upon the Treasury of the people.
JJut the committee is constrained to find, from the
facts before it, th-t Mis. Lincoln is not, in fact, in
tho destitute condition that has been represented of
her; and thnt. her means must be reasonably suffi-
cient for the just necessities ot a citizen ot the United
States, either at homo or abroad.
On the death of Mr. Lincoln, in April. 1SG5, hehnd
received only one month's salary for that year, and
by act. of Oongiess the balance ot that year's salary
was given directly to Mrs. Lincoln.
This sum was fa lit'Ie abovel  $~-,0Q9 0J
On tho loth of November, 1807. the estate
of Mr. Lincoln was sett led, and there was
paid over to her, rs her share of tho per-
sonal Chtate, (and tho same sum was ap-
propriated to her minor ton, Thomas).... 30,705 GJ
Making a totrl ef cash assets belong-
ing to Mr?'. Lincoln  *38,705 00
In addition to this there was and is some real estate
in which she has an interest; but as that is not very
productive tho committee do not estimate it as of
any value.
But besides the before-stated earn of available
assets so received by her, bho received, as the com-
mittee has good reason to think, no inconsiderable
amount of clothing, plate, household cood-\
nl'fer the death ot Mr. Lincoln, and wlvch in con-
sidering her pecuniary condition should «i?e added
to the betore-mentioned sum. And iuniicr, it is well
known thai soon after Mr. Lincoln's death subscrip-
tions were openedvfor her bcnciit in several cities
and towns of the Union, but fbe comiuitteo has no
means of knowing the extent thereat, or whether
she everjvjtuMjv realized anything therefrom. Mrs.
Lincoln herself docs not seem to urge her claim en-
tirely upon the ground of an actual want of tho
comlorts of ale. In her petition, transmitted from
Frankfort, Germany, to Congress, praying for a pen-
sion, she states thai, *'By the advice of my physi-
cian I have come over to Germany to i w tho min-
eral waters, and during- the winter go to Italy. But
my financial means do not permit me to take advan-
tage of the urgent advice given me, nor can I live in
a state becoming the widow of the Chief Magistrate
of a great nation, though 1 live as economically a 
I can/'
From the stand-point of a European kingdom and
of European society, this very possibly is correct;
but in a republican country, where there are no dis-
tinctions of rank, and where all duties are measured
largely by tho means of performance, the committee
thinks that a fortune of $<50,000, or even one third
of that sum, for one lady, must take her out of the
