5484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
of the land that they acquired from these
Indians. Not a dollar has this money cost the
United States. They have had it since 183-1
iu the Treasury of the United States, it never
having cost them one single cent, and they
never having paid one cent of interest on it.
In 1855 the United States made another
treaty with the Choctaw Indians. The Gov-
ernment having been pressed from time to time
by the Choctaw delegation to settle this mat-
ter, made a treaty and submitted the question
to the Senate in that treaty to decide whether
the Indians should have an amount in gross for
all that was due them, or should have the not
proceeds of the sales of these lands. The Sen-
ate accepted the trust imposed upon it by that
treaty, and did award to the Choetaws the net
proceeds of the sales of the lands, and directed
the Secretary of the Interior to adjust the ac-
count between the Choctaw Indians and the
United States and report to the Senate how
much was due them under the treaty-£>f 1830.
The Secretary of the Interior, at the next ses-
sion, did make a report, by which he found due
to the Choctaw Indians over $2,900,000. That
report was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and they cut it down still further by
charging the Indians with the cost of the sur-
vey of the lands that the Government got from
them and gave away. Instead of their paying
the Indians, or agreeing to pay them for the
land the United States gave away, the United
States acquired a portion of this land from them
and gave it to the State of Mississippi and
charged these Indians for the surve)ing of
it; and hence the claim was cut down from
§2,900,000 to $2,800,000.
After this report of the Senate committee,
and after 1857, when the Senator from Ohio
says that the House of Representatives acted
upon this matter and would not pass the claim,
both Houses of Congress did recognize this
settlement and this treaty, and they made an
appropriation of §500,000 upon the claim in
1800. Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
of that was paid before the war. So both
Houses have recognized it. The Senate has
repeatedly done so, and the other House did
so by the legislation of 18G0. I do not know
of any vote since 1860 in either House of Con-
gress against the payment of this claim. !f
there is any such 1 do not know it; but I do
know that in 18(il, when these Indians entered
into the rebellion,Congress authorized the Pres-
ident of the United Stales, if bethought proper,
to abrogate all the treaties wo had wit a th"m.
The United States, knowing the fact that no
protecting arm of the Government, as the
treaty required, was over them when the lebel-
lion took place, declined to abrogate the treaty,
and the treaty stood in full force throughout
the war.
In 1806 the President of the United States
concluded another treaty with these Indians,
by which we recognized this same claim, and
again agreed to pay it. Thus the matter now
stands. The only question is whether you
will pay it or not. That is the only question
that any lawyer or any committee that has
examined this claim has ever deemed could
be raised, except the Senator from Ohio.
I noticed the other day that a bill came hero
from the House of Representatives to pay the
Government of Great Britain §600,000 in gold
in compliance with a treaty stipulation. i>!d
anybody object to that? Hid anybody object
to paying money upon a treaty stipulation with
Great Britain? If not, why object to paying
money upon a treaty stipulation with these
helpless Indians? Is it because one is a strong
Power and can enforce its rights and the other
is a weak one and cannot? I see no other
reason, and 1 presume no other can be offered.
I see nothing in this case why the Senate should
not act, and act now. Either Tote this down,
and say you do not intend to pay the Indians
one cent, or vote to fund the debt and allow
them to have their interest. TheTateness of
the session has nothing to do with it. The
question has been before the Senate for a long
time. Let us by a square vote say whether we
will comply with our treaties with the Indians
or whether we will not. If the Senate are dis-
posed not to do so let them say so.. If they
say that they will not pay anything more, that
they will not comply with their treaty stipula-
tions, be it so.
Mr. SHERMAN.- I simply desire to say
that while I do not wish to go into this matter,
I can show that the United States have never
recognized this award ; but I do not want to go
into a long debate about this question. I think
the Senate must see the impropriety of putting
a claim of this kind upon this bill. It has
gone to the Judiciary Committee and been
examined. 1 do not know whether there is a
report or not. _ 1 ask whether there is a written
report of the Judiciary Committee upon it?
Mr. RICE. No, sir; there was nothing to
report upon except what is on the statute-books
in regard to this matter. There were no facts
outside of the statutes—not one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, who always
insists on a written report on a bill involving
§5,000, and asks, with proper care and soli-
citude for the Treasury, that it shall be read
through, whether we ought not to have some-
thing more than a verbal report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary on a claim involving
$1,800,000 at this period of the session ? It is
manifest that this amendment is introducing
into this bill an entirely foreign matter. It
has no pertinence to the sundry civil appro-
priation bill. It has no pertinence to the build-
ing of custom-houses and court-houses and the
carrying on of the little civil operations of the
Government. It relates to a claim which had
its origin in 1833. The truth is, as the Senator
will see if he looks into it, that the Government
did not receive any money for the lands sold.
They were lands given under the graduation
laws to the southern States, and mostly taken
at twelve and a half cents an acre; but 1 do
not wish to go into that matter.
Mr. ltlCE. l)o I understand the Senator
to say that I admit that the Government never
received the money? I make the statement
that the Government received $3,000,000 iu
money for this land.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say if the Senator will
look into the origin of the claim lie will find
that it is a claim for land taken by the south-
ern States under the graduation law at twelve
and a half cents an acre, and that the whole
foundation of this claim is inequitable. The
legislation of Congress on the subject was at
laler periods in the Senate, from 1857 to 1801,
and the whole management of the affair was
then in the hands of Senators who were pre-
paring to take up arms against the Government
of the United States. At the very time that
a law was passed in March, 1801, which gave
a kind of quasi recognition of this claim, the
Senators who were engaged in the business of
pressing it were then preparing to talre up arms
against, the Government, and two of them did
actually go out ol the Senate after this matter
was parsed. The whole claim is one of those
old, antiquated claims, which, if ever favorably
acted upon at all—and I do not think it ought
to be—should be upon a fully-considered writ-
ten repoit of the Judiciary Committee after an
examination, and then it ought to be adjusted
and finally settled.
But I assure the Senator that he will not
hasten the payment of the claim by putting it
upon this sundry civil bill. It will only lead to a
debate here to-day and a debate in the House,
and will surely be defeated. At a proper time,
when we are at leisure to go into tfio origin of
this claim, the treaty stipulations out of which
it grows, and the pretended award made by the
Senate as arbitrator under a treaty of its own
ratification, he will find that a good deal can
bo said on this matter that ought not now to be
said at this period of the session.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from New York to the
amendment of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. DAVIS. If this matter was before an
intelligent court it would not require a half
hour's examination. There never was a more
plain and just claim made against the Govern-
ment of the United States than the present
one. The matter has been investigated by the
CommitteeonlndianAffairs. Under the trea-
ties by which the Choetaws ceded their lands
east of the Mississippi river to the United
States the Government undertook to sell their
land, and to account to the Choetaws for the
net proceeds after the payment of all expenses.
A settlement of those sales was made, and the
Government was found to be indebted to the
Indiansin the sum of eighteen or nineteen hun-
dred thousand dollars.
There was an act passed in 1861 by which
the Government undertook to settle with the
Indians for §500,000 of, the proceeds of the
sales of the lands; §250,000 by the payment
of money, and §250,000 by issuing bonds to
that amount. Those bonds oughtto have been
issued in 1861, but they were not issued. In
1805 the Government of the United States
passed a law by which they attempted to con-
fiscate the §250,000 that was due the Choctaw
nation by paying certain sums to refugees from
all the Indian nations who came within our
lines.
But iu 18GG another treaty was negotiated
between the Choetaws and the United States,
by which the previous obligations of the Gov-
ernment by all treaties and laws, both to pay
money and to issue bonds, were reinstated in
their full force as they had existed before the
rebellion, in the most pointed, explicit, and
omphalic language that could be used. Under
the first treaty and under the treaty of 186(5
this is a proposition simply to issue to the
Choctaw nation the §250,000 of bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. DAVIS. I was not in when the amend-
ment was proposed; but I understand that
§250,000 is part of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Five hundred thousand
dollars was paid on this treaty by the act of
March, 1861, and this is to pay the unadjusted
or unliquidated claim over and above the
§500,000 provided for by that act.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry I was not in when
the amendment was proposed, for I should
then have understood the proposition. But
my understanding is that the §500,000 is but
a part of the $1,800,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. DAVIS. It ought to he. If the prop-
osition is to pay the whole amount I have not
another word to say. But according to my
understanding of the subject the Government
of the United States is indebted to the Choe-
taws about eighteen or nineteen hundred thou-
sand dollars, subject to this credit of §250,000,
which was paid in 18(31, and subject to the fur-
ther credit of §250,000 if the Government
shall issue its bonds to that, amount to the
Choetaws, which it agreed by treaty stipulation
to pay.
Mr. RICE. I wish to explain in regard to
that point. The claim was for §2,300,00(1
before the appropriation of §500,000 was made.
The appropriation of §500,000' reduced it to
§1,800,000. That is the amount which this
amendment calls for, in full satisfaction of all
claims of the; Choetaws against the Govern-
ment of the United Stales. 1 understand they
are willing to accept this as full satisfaction.
That would exclude the §250,000.
^ Mr. STEWART. If it is in order to amend
the proposition 
Hie PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment to an amendment pending.
Mr. STEWART. But I understand the
amendment of the Senator from New i'ork is
to strike out all after the enacting clause of
the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas
and to insert a substitute ; and I propose to
