1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30*
six naval officers to take this whole subject into
consideration. Commodore Stringham was at
the head of the commission. Four out of the
six naval officers voted against League Island.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope the gentleman will
not decline to tell the House when the report
of that commission was made. It was prior to
the vote of the Thirty-Ninth Congress accept-
ing League Island as a gift from the city of Phil-
adelphia. Since that commission the whole
question has been fully debated, and decided
in favor of this location.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The re-
port was made October 24, 1862. Congress
afterward did agree to accept the island; but
there was no guarantee as to what was to be
done with it. I was not here, and if I had been
I should not have voted for it.
Mr. O'NEILL. Just one word more. I
knew the gentleman was not here or he would
have known that the question had been fully
investigated and discussed. He would have
known that every man on that commission has
since taken back all the statements of that
report, and that they and all other naval officers
of any rank believe it is the best place in the
world for an iron-clad navy-yard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
not conversed with the officers who made that
report. I do not suppose that they would say
that which they so solemnly reported is untrue.
Mr. O'NEILL. They have taken back
almost every word and syllable of that report.
For the last two years there has not been a
naval officer of rank, not an engineer or other
officer, who does not believe it is the very best
location for this navy-yard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. They
may take back as much as they please, but
they cannot blot out the facts of the history of
this League Island. They cannot say that the
channel between the island and the Philadel-
phia shore is not filling up. They cannot deny
that the island is not constantly filling up by
the drift from above, and that it is in the way
where it must for all time receive the deposits
from the great city; nor can they deny that
by the only tests that have been made it will
have to be piled for the depth of sixty-five feet.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, with the per-
mission of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] I desire to correct two errors at
least into which he has fallen.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I yield
for that purpose.
Mr. MYERS. First, the gentleman tells us
: that the Government has not agreed to accept
League Island for such purposes as we now
: contemplate. Now, I refer him to the act of
1 February 18, 1867, which I fear he has not
read. By that act, passed after full, feee, and
1 lengthy discussion ; passed after a complete
refutation on this floor of statements similar
to those he has just made against League
| Island, the Secretary of the Navy was author-
! ized to accept League Island from the city of
i Philadelphia, " to be held for naval purposes
i by the Government of the United States the
' island together with the adjacent marsh land
r which troubles the gentleman so much, and
with the back channel and parts of the oppo-
i site shore.
i Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I know
i all this.
i Mr. MYERS. But I have not finished.
! There was a proviso that this property should
! not be received until the title to the whole was
complete and indefeasible—-this has been ful-
" filled ; nor until a board of officers appointed
by the President should recommend the selec-
tion—this, too, has been done ; and the gentle-
man from Wisconsin takes good care to omit
all references to the action of this board, or
to either of several boards which favored this
site, and confines his remarks to the views of
one set of officers, a bare majority of whom
held to a different opinion. If he examines
the official reports, with the borings, he^will find
that nearly four hundred acres of this island
has a surface soil of clay three feet deep, and
beneath that the soil is of sand of the depth
of twenty-five to thirty feet 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. -I did not
yield for a speech.
Mr. MYERS. I am only correcting the
gentleman, The last proviso to the act fur-
nishes that correction most amply. I give it
in full:
"Provided farther. That if League Island be se-
lected the navy-yard at Philadelphia shall be dis-
pensed with and disposed of by the United States as
soon as the public convenience will admit."
The Secretary deems this a proper time to
remove our navy-yard to the new location, as
contemplated by the act, and the public con-
venience not only admits but demands it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I must
now resume the floor.
Mr. MYERS. Allow me to make another
correction. I have shown that the only object
of the act—which should have been a finality
so far as the merits go—was to have this ad-
vantageous location for naval purposes. This
object we are now about to consummate. But
my friend states that one of the naval boards
decided against the eligibility of League Island.
I read in reply from the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy made to Congress in Decem-
ber, 1865. He says:
" The board of naval and scientific gentlemen ap-
pointed in 1862, in pursuance of an act of Congress
passed on the suggestion of the Department, to select
a site for a navy-yard for iron-clad purposos, while
entertaining differing opinions as to the most eli-
gible location for a navy-yard for general objects,
were united in favor of League Island so far as iron
vessels are concerned."
When next my friend from Wisconsin refers
to the action of this board I ask his candid
admission of this fact.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
conversed with a gentleman on that commis-
sion, and he stated to me that they were there
to examine League Island and no other place;
that they were there to ascertain whether a
navy-yard cpuld be placed at League Island,
and not whether League Island was the best
place for the purpose, and had they been in-
structed to select the best site for a navy-yard
in Pennsylvania I have no doubt they would
have selected some other point than League
Island. Now I beg leave to read what the
commissioners said in regard to League Island
in 1862:
" League Island is a reclaimed marsh, surrounded
by a dry stone wall and embankment of earth, raised
to exoludo the river. A portion of tho island was
reclaimed many years since, and is known as the old
meadow; we have no positive information on this
point, but presume that at tho time the wall and
embankment was built all the land worth reclaiming
was embraced within tho jnclosure; subsequently,
and about eighteen y oars since, we are informed tile
inclosure was extended so as to embrace an addi-
tional area now known as the new meadow. Accord-
ing to a plan which has been submitted to tho
board by a committee from the Board of Trade, this
old meadow oontains two hundrod and nineteen
acres, and tho new meadow ono hundred and fifty-
fivo acres. On the north of the island, and between
it and the main, there is a channel which we
are told was of sufficient depth in former days
to float large ships of war; now it is a narrow
and shallow channel, not sufficient to float vessels
of any size used by the Navy. Largo areas of
marshes havo formed on the oast and west ends
and on tho north side of the island, and the whole
appearance indicates a constant^ and rapid accu-
mulation from the immense deposits of the Delaware
river. To raise the surface of this island to a height
which would render it safe from the encroachment
of high tides will require a filling of from nine to ten
feet over the whole area; and if, as has been sug-
gested, a line of wharf front be carried out to the
twenty-three feet line it will involve an additional
filling of a space ono mile long, and averaging four
hundred and eighty-one feet wide and nineteen feet
deep. If this space is not filled, then the constant
use of dredging-machines will be required to main-
tain a sufficient, depth of water to accommodate the
vessels of the Navy. To furnish the materials for
this immenso filling,which will amount in the aggre-
gate to sovoral million oubic yards, it is said that
an abundant supply can be had from Red Bank, on
tho opposite side of the river, and from the gravel
banks near the gas works. There is probably an
abundance of good material on the shores of Now
Jersey, butit,must bopurchasedfrom tho proprietors
and transported across the river; a process which,
in the opinion ofthe board, will involve an expend-
iture of at least $1,000,000. The sources of supply
have been suggested, such as ashes from the city,
cinders, ashes, slag, &c., from the furnaoes, but we
regard these sources as uncertain and the quantity
limited, considering the immense quantity required
to accomplish tho objeot.
"At League Island the currents are more rapid; the
water of the Delaware is dirty, holding a large quan-
tity of earthy matter in solution, whioh is deposited
in various points along the river, as shown by the
immense accumulation which has taken pla^e within
a few years at League Island, and which is still in
progress."
Again, in speaking of the health of League
Island, they say:
"League Island is situated on a fresh-water river,
nearly surrounded by marshes covered with vege-
table matter, and exposed to the sun at every low
tide during the day; and although we are told that
it is as healthy as other places in the vicinity, we
cannot believe that League Island can be regarded
as a healthy place. The board is of the opinion that
on this point New London is vastly superior."
Such is League Island; a low, rotten, and
festering mass of corruption, which is increas-
ing in rapid ratio as the city of Philadelphia
increases its population and discharges from its
sewers increased foulness and corruption. To
say that such a place can be healthy is too much
for human belief. To say that this cul de sac,
which for all time to come is to catch and retain
all the vileness that is discharged from a large
and growing city, is the best place for a navy-
yard is too much.
Admiral Stringham in his report says that
barely to level up this ground to fit it for a
navy-yard will cost at least $1,000,000.
Now I have made a computation, and I am
satisfied that $3,000,000 will hardly do it, say-
ing nothing about the untold millions for piling
or walling the same ready for use.
There are some four hundred acres within
the walls, and to raise that extent of ground to
the height proposed would require between
five and six million cubic yards of earth.
It is hardly possible that this could be done
for less than fifty cents ayard, and it will prob-
ably cost more than that. Some two million
five hundred thousand or three million dollars
will therefore be required to bring it to a level,
to say nothing of driving the piles anywhere
from thirty to sixty-five teet for a foundation.
I should say here, because I wish to deal
with this question in perfect fairness, that a
minority of that commission, of whom Profes-
sor Bache was one, reported in favor of League
Island. They did not think it would be very
difficult to fill it up, because there were very
large accumulations from the furnaces of Phil-
adelphia that could be used for filling up. They
calculated that a given numl^r of establish-
ments produced four hundred and fifteen cubic
yards of slag, ashes, and refuse of furnaces a
week, all of which could be used to fill up
League Island. I have made a calculation to
ascertain how long it would take to fill up
League Island from these accumulations, and
how long do you suppose I found it to be?
Why, the brief period of three hundred years.
So that you can hardly rely, I think, on that
source as a means of filling up League Island.
The commission of which Admiral String-
ham was chairman gave an opinion very much
adverse to what is proposed. And any one
who will consider what the character of the
island is, as well as its surroundings, can hardly
fail to be satisfied that it is and must be a very
unhealthy point so long as the Delaware river
continues to flow toward the sea, and lodge,
as it ever must, its vile burden where the
eddying waters of the Schuylkill come in con-
tact with the Delaware. Professor Bache says
that it is not so healthy as some other places.
I do not desire to take up the time of the
House further on this question. All I desire
is that the House should understand what they
are called upon to vote for. While it appro-
priatesno money, the ccrtain resultisa demand
for untold millions in the future. If the Horfse
is ready to do this I am not responsible. My
duty is discharged when I have pointed out
tho reasons why we should not pass this bill
and my vote is recorded against it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 'I would ask the attention
