1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4541
catalogue of those whoso necessities in connection
■with public service give them a claim upon the
Treasury.
There are some other facts bearing upon this sub-
ject which it is probably not needful to refer to, but
■which are generally known, and evidence in respect
to part of which is in the possession of the commit-
tee.
The people now pay from their earnings the an-
nual sum of $'33.000,000 toward the maintenance of
our disabled soldiers and sailors, with their widows
and orphans, in sums varying from eight dollars per
month up to fifty dollars per month.
In a great many of these cases this provision is
entirely inadequate for the comfortable sustenance
of persons^ absolutely needy and dependent, and
whoso sacrifices and sufferings have been as great as
any possible. And yet, from obviouseoBsiderations,
Congress has thus far loll obliged to limit the meas-
ui 0 of its relief to these persons, and to decline alto-
gether to render aid in the form of pensions to cases
not strictly of a military or naval character.
There is no instance in the history of the country
of a pension to the widow of the highost military
ofiiccr greater than fifty dollars per month. Beyond
t his limit the utmost has been to give the widow and
family a sum equivalent to a year's salaiy of the
deceased officer, as was done in the case of Mrs.
Harrison and oi ivlrs. Rawlins, and perhaps one or
two other instances. This lias already been donefor
Mrs. Lincoln by the gift to her of in jS65; a
sum producing: (aside from her other estate) an an-
nual income more than twice as great as the highest
pension of aaiy of the widows of that great army of
heroes and martyrs who devoted themselves to a
branch of the public service 111 which peril was the
rale and security the exception, and who at last
consciously gave up lives rendered illustrious by
noble deeds for the preservation of the Republic.
Under the circumstances of the case the committee
does not think thatoithcrsentimentorduty requires
a further provision in accordance with the request
of Mrs. Lincoln.
The committee recommcnds that the bill bo in-
definitely postponed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I think it
right in behalf of the committee, and in behalf
ot' the two hundred and thirty-three thousand
widows and invalids and orphans of this war,
to ask the Senate to think a little before it
passes this bill; for it is a subject in which
these people who have nobody to speak for
them now have some interest. They have suf-
fered as Mrs. Lincoln has. They have suffered
from disease and wounds and death incurred
in a service of constant peril, and not by the
accident of private hostility in civil life, and
they have lived on now for five years since this
war, the bounty of the Government, being ex-
tended to them to the extent of eight dollars a
month—ninety-six dollars ayear for the widows
of private soldiers and non-commissioned ofli-
cers and sailors and non-commissioned officers
in the Navy, and from that rank up to the highest
sum of $3G0 a year, with half a dozen special
exceptions, where it is $000 by special acts of
Congress. They are continually appealing pri-
vately and modestly, and sometimes by petition,
to Congress, setting forth that this provision
that we make for them is totally inadequate;
that the largest number of them are in absolute
pecuniary distress ; that the wolf, aa the say-
ing is, is at the door all the time.
That cry, Mr. President, comes tip to us
from every cabin and every hamlet almost,
from every section of the country. The widows
and children and invalid soldiers ol the war 01
this last rebellion are now to the extent it is sale
to say of one third of the whole number, that is
to say, seventy-five thousand people, probably
suffering every year lor the absolute necessities
of life, and they therefoie feel, as they have a
right to feel, that if Congress is able to 111a.ee
liberal pecuniary provision for those who liavo
Buffeted most and done most their claims ought
to be heeded as early as those ot any others.
Vv'e ha>e listened to these appeals, and wo
have felt obliged from the condition ot the
public Treasury to deny these appeals to us,
and say to these suffering and unfortunate peo-
ple that they must bear their griefs and neces-
sities as best they can. This has not^ been
merely the opinion of the committee; it has
been the opinion of Congress, it has been the
opinion of the nation, of those who furnished
the funds for carrying 011 its affairs, ana there
has been a universal acquiescence iti the act,
because this is no new thing. Now, in the face
of this settled policy, necessarily the policy ot
the Government, there comes to us from over
the sea a petition from this lady, which sets
forth that her financial means are not sufficient
to enable her to live there in the state that
becomes the widow of the Chief Magistrate of
a great nation ; and calling upon Congress, in
the face of our, denial to these hungry people,
to provide her with a stipend of $5,000 a year.
That was the demand; the bill is $3,000.
Now, sir, looking at these simple factsalone,
how can we justify ourselves to public opinion,
how can we justify ourselves to justice, which
is more, to extend this liberality to this lady,
however worthy she may be, while we are
obliged, as we are with the enormous sum we
pay for pensions, to still leave hungry, help-
less, suffering, and in want this great body of
peoplewhose sorrows and sufferings and wants
are the direct result of the sacrifice of their
husbands and brothers and sons in this war.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business,
being the bill to abolish the franking privilege,
is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that be passed
over, in order to proceed to the consideration
of the pending bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope it will not be passed
over by a vote. It may be passed over in-
formally.
Mr. SUMNER. That is all I ask.
Mr. PERRY. I object to its being passed
over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair wil
state to the Senator from Massachusetts and
the Senate that if the franking privilege bill
be passed over the resolution of the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Poiieroy] will then operate,
according to which the Calendar of unobjected
bills will be taken up, this being Friday.
Mr. RAMSEY, "I hope the unfinished busi-
ness will not be passed over. This bill can
come up to-morrow morning again.
Mr. SUMNER. No. I have tried to get it
up for over a year; now it is up all I ask is a
vote. I do not wish to speak 011 it. I leave
other Senators to speak.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to pass over the unfin-
ished business, the effect of which will bo to
make the resolution in regard to unobjected
cases on the Calendar to-day operate.
The question being put, the Chair declared
that the, noes appeared to have it.
Mr. HOWELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Chair would be
good enough to explain the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
slated that if the motion to pass over prevails
the unobjected cases on the Calendar will then
come up according to the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Kansas adopted on the 19th of May,
this being Kriuay.
Mr. POMEROY. [ think we ought to go
on with that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will gain nothing by succeeding in
his motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, he will help all these
widows instead of one only.
Mr. SUMNER. My object is to get a vote
011 this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. l"ou cannot do it to-day
under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senate will only vote
to proceed with this rather than proceed with
the franking bill we can do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to further debate.
If we are to debate this subject I believe I have
the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objccts to debate. The motion to
pass over is not debatable. The Chair has
stated its cffect. The yeas aud nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nay3,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 23; as foliojvs:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, BtowiiIqw, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Drake, Edmunds, Feiiton, Fowler,
Harris, Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Morton, ISTyo,
Osborn, Pomeroy.' Pool. Rico, Robertson. Ross,
Schurz. Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, War-
ner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—SO.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Casserly,
Cole, Cankling, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hamim, Howe, Howell,
Johnston, McCrocry, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt,
lvamsey,.Scott, Sherman, Stockton, Thurman, Tip-
ton, and Vickers—23.
ABSENT—.Messrs. Anthony, Boreraan, Cattell,
Chandler, Corbctt, Cragin, Davis, Flanagan, Har-
lan, Lowis, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patterson,
Revels, Saulsbnry, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, and
Y atcs—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to postpone
action under the order now before the Senate,
in order to proceed with the consideration of
the bill for the relief of Mary Lincoln.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that as being
out of order by the speeial order of the Senate
directing that this day now shall be devoted to
unobjected cases on the Calendar.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts moves to postpone the opera-
tion of the order for to-day, for the purpose of
proceeding with the consideration of the bill
granting a pension to Mrs. Lincoln, and the
Senator from Vermont rises to a question of
order and objects to it. In the first place the
Chair overrules the point of order, on the
ground that this is not a special order, which
must be made by a two-thirds vote, bat it is a
resolution of the Senate agreed to by a majority
vote. The Chair overrules the point, in the
second place, on the ground that by the resolu-
tion reported from the select Committee on
Rules, and adopted on the 10th of March, it was
resolved that the Calendar should be proceeded
with every day in its regular order; and yet
the every-day motion made by every Senator
who participates in active business is to post-
pone the present and all other orders for the
purpose of considering a certain bill. The
Chair therefore thinks that the execution
of this order can be postponed the same as
the standing order reported from the select
Committee on Rules and agreed to by the
motion of the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony.]
The Chair will state the distinction between
this and what was popularly known in the
Senate as the "Anthony rule," under which
the Calendar was gone over subject to objec-
tion. That order stated that no other busi-
ness whatever should be entertained. It made
it exclusive, in the most positive and impera-
tive language, that the Chair should entertain
no other business, except by unanimous con-
sent, but the Calendar until its conclusion ; and
it therefore lasted eight or ten days.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Chair a question for information. There is a
resolution of the Senate which directs now,
there being 110 other business pending, that a
certain thing shall be done to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts makes amotion, the effect of which
is to rescind that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not
rescind it. The effect of it is to waive the
action to-day, certainly, until the bill to which
the Senator from Massachusetts refers shall
be disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can that resolution be
rescinded without a day's notice, the motion
being lo abrogate a previous order ol the
Senate? ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it can. The Chair thinks the order of busi-
ness is under the control of- a majority ot the
SeMrte'EDMUNDS. Then, under the other
rule, I ask that the first question may be taken
