1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
election Hived atll20Edgemontstreet, in the fourth
division of the twenty-fifth ward, and had lived there
tor twenty years previous to that election. I was a
property-holder, and was assessed in that division.
1 voted in that division at the last October election.
I am a citizen ot the IJnited States and of the State
of Pennsylvania. I had paid a tax within two years
previous to the last October election. I was natu-
ralized in 1852. [Naturalization papers produced.]
I have been a voter in the fourth precinct of the
twenty-fifth ward since I was naturalized, namely,
lor sixteen years.
Patrick Slaven. Undoubtedly a good vote.
(See his testimony, page 378:)
"Patrick Slaven, a witness produced, sworn and
examined on the part of incumbent, deposes and
says:
"My name is Patrick Staven. I resided at 1411
Almondstreet at the last October election, in the
fourth division of the twenty-lifth ward. X moved
there last June. I had lived in Edgemont street,
in the same ward before I moved there. I voted in
that division and ward at the last October election.
I am a citizen of the United States and of the Stato
of Pennsylvania. I had paid-a State or county tax
witiiin two years provious to the last October elec-
tion. I am a naturalized citizen. I was naturalized
on the 26th day of September, 18C8.
" I Jived on JSdgemont street about three months;
before that I lived on Somerset street. To the best
of my opinion I lived six or seven months on Soin-
ersetstreet. I beHeveEdgemontandSoinersetstreets
are both in this ward. It will be nine years some
time this month since I hav^e been in this country.
1 cannot exactly say how old I am, but to the beat of
my opinion I am between twenty-seven and twenty-
ei?ht years old now. Peter Matthews was my voucher
when X was naturalized. I had known him foi-hcven
or eight years—nearly ever since I had been in the
country. I paid my tax the day before the elec-
tion. I could not say the name of the man to whom
X paid my tax. It was to a man on Frankford road,
near Ann street. There wero a number of persons
there paying their taxes at the same time."
lie was vouched for by Charles Fay.
Patrick AIcGee. Was on the regular assess-
ment list and list of taxables as Patrick Mc-
Geehan, his correct name. Marked as voting.
Counsel for contestant admitted that both
names were intended for the same man. Un-
doubtedly a good vote. (See ins testimony,
page 380:)
"Patrick McGechan, a witness produced, sworn,
and examined on the part oi incumbent, deposes
and says:
" My name is Patrick MoGcohm. At the Inst Oc-
tober election 1 resided at 1117 Somerset street, m
the fourth division of the twenty-filth ward. 1 am
on the regular assessment list. I voted in that divis-
ion at the last October election. (.On the hut of voters
of the fourth division of the twenty-filth waul ftie
witness is written down as Patrick MoGee, at No.
344, when it should have been his right name ot Pat-
rick McGeehan.)"
James McGlaughlin. Undoubtedly a gnod
vote. He was on the list of taxables us Wil-
liam McGlaugldin, and marked as voting-.
Lived in division eighteen years ; voted there.
Is a property-holder and paid taxes. (See his
testimony, page 37-1:)
" James MeG!:uighlin, a Witney produced, sworn,
aud examined on the part of incumbent, dci)oacs and
says:
"Alyname is James McGlaughlin. I resided :U 1)U
Almond sfcieetat the last October election. I have
been living in this division eighteen or twenty years.
I voted in the tourth division of the twenty-liith
ward at the last October election. I am a citizen of
the United States and of the State of Pennsylvania.
I am a property-holder, and have paid a. tax within
two years previous to the Jast October election. I
have been a voter since 3852."
On the regular assessment list, (see Ex. II.
4, page 400,) alNo. 1411 Almond street, is the
name of William McGlaughlin. On the regis-
tered list of taxables (see Jilx. 2G-3, page '25H)
is the name of William McLaughlin, 1-111
Almond street, marked as voting. They are
one and the same person.
Patrick Gillroy. An error in the clerk in
transcribing name. Should have been Kilroy.
There is no such name as Patrick Gillroy,
either on the regular assessment list, or on the
list of taxables of this division, nor is thera
any such name added to the list as having voted.
But there are two Patrick Kilroys on the regu-
lar assessment list; one at 1189 Henson street,
(page 428,) and one on Somerset street, (page
429";) and on the registered list of taxables
(pace 254^1 is Patrick Kilroy, No. 1139 Henson
street, and Patrick Kilroy, 1128 Somerset
street, both marked as voting. This is un-
doubtedly a good vote, tho error being in tran-
scribing the name to the list of voters. (See
his testimony, page 87!):)
" Patrick Kilroy, a witness produced, sworn a-ttd
examined on tho pari of incumbent, deprsau and
says:
"My name is Patrick Kilroy. At the last October
election I resided at No. 1128 Somerset street, in tho
fourth division of tho twenty-fifth ward, and had
lived thero ten years. I voted in that division at
that election. I am a citizen of the Ujiited States
and of tho State of Pennsylvania. I was naturalized
in 1859. (Papers produbed.) I had paid a Stato or
county tax within two years previous to the last Oc-
tober election. I have paid a tax cvorv year since
I have been a voter. I have been voting in this
division nine years."
Unas Pearson. Undoubtedly a good vote.
(See testimony, page 375:)
"Urias Pearson, a witness produced, sworn, and
examined on tho part of incumbent, deposes and
says:
"My name is Urias Pearson. I resided at 1-153
Salmon street ut the last October election, and had
resided thero for eighteen months previous to that
election. I voted in the fourth division of tho i won-
ty-fnch ward. I am a native-born citizen. 1 hau
pa d a State or county tax within two years previous
to the last October election. (Tax receipt piodueed,
dated October 10,1865, and signed by John C. Seo.O
My vote was not challenged, but my rcsidoneo was
vouched fur. Mr. Thomas i'ay vouehed ior me. -1
was not bworn. 1 produced my tax receipt aud a
discharge from the United States Army. I was
a^'Cv^ed on the extra assessment list previous to tho
l.i^t October election. I lived m tho same division
of the same street at the time of tho assessment and
of the election. I believe Mr. Fay was sworn forme
at the time I voted."
John McPevitt. Undoubtedly a good vote.
(Sec his testimony, page 875:)
"John McDeviU, a witness produced, sworn, and
examined on tho part of incumbent, deposes and
says:
"My name is John MoDcvitt. I resided at No.
1-3-tO iiiv'hmond alicjt, in the fourth division of tho
twomy-lHtJi ward, at the last Octobcr election. I
had resided there abouttenyoars,:mdvoted there at
that election. 1 am a citizen of the United States
and of the State of Porir'&ylvani.i, aud a pioperty-
holdor. I had paid a fttote or county tix within two
years of that election. 1 have been a voter about
ten years. My vole was not challenged, I know
Thomas Parrett."
The committee in then icport, page 01, say:
" John MeDoviU, called by incumbent, did not
prove the un.i-sossod Vuto in that name, for there
arc three of that name, including the witness, and
lour voted."
This is an unintentional error, as by refer-
ence to the list of taxables, pages 250-57, it
•will be seen th^re are four John McDevittsaud
four registered as voting.
James Conway. ("Error of the printer.
Should have been Conroy.) Contestant's coun-
sel admits that these persons are one and the
same; that the Conroy on the list of unassessed
voters is the same Oonroy who appears on
the K-guUr asr-« s.s.nu.l, not marked as voting.
■ This is undoubtedly a good vole. (.See tusti*
monv, page J'91:)
"JCoinoy, av.itueis p.educed, sworn, and
examined on the p n't of incumbent, deposes aud
says:
"My name is Jaino.5 Oonroy. At tho lait October
election I resided at Xo. .Belgrade street, in (be
fourth division oi' the twciuy-fUih ward. I had lived
there for a year provious to that election. I voted
in that division at last Octobcr election. 1 havobeon
voting in that ward about eleven yeai\s. 1 paid taxes
last year before the October election, I was on the
regular assessment and read my name on I he list
outside tbo polling placo. There is no other voter
of the name oi Conroy living at 1523 Belgrade street,
excont Martin Conroy, my lather. (The list of voters
at .No. &U shows tho name of James Conroy as vot-
ing: by the book marked *U C (V James Conroy,
152l> Belgrade street, appeals on the regular assess-
ment and not marked as  voting, and on the list of
the added una^es^ed voters appear? the name of
James Oonroy.1523Poigradestroel, nt-having voted.)"
James MeAran. Undoubtedly a good vote.
(See his testimony, page 379 :)
"James D. McAran, a witness produced, sworn, and
examined on the p.^rc of tho incumbent, depo^esand
says:
" My name is James D.McAran. At thelactOoto-
ber election 1 resided at No. 1415 Salmon street, in
the fourth division of tho twouty-filth ward. I had
laved there aboutthree months previous to that elec-
tion. 1 \oted in that djvj&iou at that election. I
had paid a, State or county tax w ithin two years pro-
vious to that election. I axn a native-born citizen.
1 was living in thatcrivisionm pursuance of my law-
ful calling, and am living there yet. X am conductor
li
bn the railroad. I was not assessed in that division.
I was challenged on residence at tho last October
election, irancis McDonough vouched for me.
"Cross-examined:
"I was not sworn when I voted, but my voucher
was. I did not produce a tax receipt. I had i>ai& a
tax two weeks preceding tho Oetobcx election ol
186/. Ipaid that tax in the fifth ward of the city of
Philadelphia. I came home from West Virginia,
where I had been working, about two or three
months before the election of 1867, and had boarded
at Sixth and Powel streets. I was on tho extra
assessment iu tho fifth ward at the Octobcr election
in 1807."
Iidward Porterfield. Undoubtedly a good
vote, although the committee charge Ijim, on
page 8 of report, as having a fraudulent tax
receipt. Plow they can establish sack a charge
from his evidence which follows (see pages 370,
377) is passing strange.
"Edward Porterfield, a witness produced, sworn,
and examined on the part of incumbent, deposes
and says:
"My nam oh Edward Porterfield. I resided at No.
lllGl^rtunopfc street at tho last October election, and
had lived there fornine years and ahaJf previously.
I voted in tho fourth division of tho twenty-fifth
ward at that election. I am a ciiizcn of the "United
Suites, aud oft ho Stato of Pennsylvania, lhad paid
a Stato or county tax within two years provious to
the last October eloction. I have been a voter since
isr>4, and in that division aboutnmeyears. My vote
was challenged last October. They would not take
niy papers, and I got a voucher. Daniel ilarktns
vouched for mo. I was challenged on residence.
" Orois-exammed:
" I was notsworn when I offered to vote. Mr. ILir-
kins, my vouchor, was sworn. I produced tfiy tax
reecipt. 1 had my nah.iraIizq.tion papers and that
' both. I offered my naturalization papers to"t'>e offi-
cers of election, but they did not look at tncm. I
paid a poll-tax some time hi.se tall.alutlebeibrolhe
election. I do not remember who X paid it to; ;i
was to tho man who received the taxes. i have bv.cn
ih in# in tho saiao plaecsomewhere aboutni ioyoart
and .i half. I could not say when Ipaid a tax before
the last one. I pnidtaxossoveral times in tho course
ot tho time I havo liVod there."
John ITarison. Should be John Harnpmi j
on list of voters (Ex. 23-2) page 21G, nl. No.
380, is the name of John Hanson, (u cWic:.l
error;) on regular printed assessed V\>t u 11.
4," page 420, is the name of John Ilampaou,
1116 Salmon street; and on list of Usxahlos
(Kx. 2G-oj page 219) is the name John liamn-
hon, marked as voting, residing at No. 14l7
Salmon street. There is no John Hanson on
either the regular or extra assessed lists, nor
among the added names. Hampson was
vouched for by John Fitzpatrick, (See testi-
mony, page 385.)
John Carberry. Error. On list of voters
filed by contestant (Ex. 2G~2, page 240) there
is no such name.
William Gallagher. Added to tho list oC
taxables, and vouched for by Thomas Fay? un
officer of the election, ^See Fix. 2G-8, pjge
258.)
John McNamee. Added to the list of tax
aides, aud vouched for by Ohnrlos Fay, an ofH
c*¥r of the election. (Sep Ex. 2G-3, page- 257 )
Felix O'Tooie. Added to the list of tax-
ables, and voted on uage.M (See Ex. 2(>--k
page 257.) _
.John Quimi. A gQod vote, but David Dry-
burg, the Kepublican window inspector, who
kept the list of taxables, forgot to mark him
when he voted. There are two John Quinns,
and both are on the extra assessment list.
Thus 27 of the o2 rejected votes in this divis-
ion are accounted for, and proved to have been
perfectly legal votes. Instead of a reduction
of Go in favor of the contestant there should
be only 5 deducted from these G1 unassessed
voters. This would make an additional allow-
ance of 28 voters to the sitting member, which
would still farther reduce the alleged majority
of contestant, as per report of committee, from
57 to 20 majority.
In order that it maybe seen how just is this
allowance, I may state that of the 29 votes of
the G1 unassessed voters the majority have
rejpced, and which I desire to have allowed,
2'i of these names voted at both elections in
October and November, as will be seen by
reference-to list of voters filed by contestant
on pages 243 and 246. For reference I have
tabulated them, with their numbers, on the
