1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1709
ernmeot A provisional government is a gov-
ernment which haa force for the time being.
The government of Georgia or of North Caro-
lina or of any other State, elected in pui^uance
of a constitution framed in accordance with ,
an act of Congress, is not before the State is*
admitted to representation in Congress a gov-
ernment which has force for the time being.
It has no force, it has no effect for the time
being. Its Legislature can do no act until it
is recognized by -Congress. It is, as I said
before, an embryo State government, and when
recognized by Congress it receives its vitality
and becomes a permanent government. That
is the difference, according to my idea, between
a provisional government for a State and the
beginning of a State government under its con-
stitution.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I understand the gentle-
man to say that the State government receives
its vitality when it is approved by Congress.
I wish to know of the gentleman whether it
receives its vitality from Congress or from the
people of the State?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. That is only a differ-
ence in terms. The Government has no force
and effect except as it is authorized by Con-
gress and recognized by Congress. That is the
point I desire to make. I am discussing the
difference between a provisional government
and a State government like the one set up in
Georgia. Now, in the case of Georgia Con-
gress had recognized the government; we pro-
vided that it might be made. And we provided
that when made, and the Legislature should
ratify the fourteenth article of amendment to
the Constitution of the United States and do
certain other things, it should be entitled
to representation in Congress. It did those
things, and we admitted its Representatives to
seats upon this floor.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what became of the rati-
fication by the State of Georgia of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States if the Legislature of
that State all this time was provisional only,
and illegal at that? This bill of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butleb]—I will
not call it the bill of the Committee on Recon-
struction ; this bill of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts—proceeds only upon the hypothesis
that the Legislature has been an illegal one
from its first inception until we reorganized it by
our act of December last. I would like to in-
quire of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,]
or of any other gentleman on this floor, what
, becomes of the ratification by the Legislature
of Georgia of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution? By the act of December last we
only required the Legislature of Georgia to
ratify the fifteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States before
we should again admit her Representatives.
Why, sir, did we do that, when in the case of
Virginia and Mississippi we reqaired the rati-
fication of both the fourteenth aud fifteenth
articles of amendment to the Constitution? I
will tell you why. Because she had already
ratified it.
Now I will panse. I am willing any gentle-
man shall interrupt me at this moment for the
purpose of stating what becomes of the rati-
fication by the Legislature of Georgia of the
fourteenth article of amendment, if the hypoth-
esis upon which this bill is founded is correct.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will venture a sug-
gestion to the gentleman if he invites it.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I shall be very happy
to hear from my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Ste-
VKNSOir,] if he does not take too long.
Mr. STEVENSON. My suggestion is this:
that the action of the provisional Legislature
becomes valid after theState is admitted, upon
the theory that the admission of the State
relates back to and covers the former action
of the provisional Legislature.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But, Mr. Speaker,
the admission of the State cannot relate back
to and make legal the illegal ratification of
a constitutional amendment. The Constitu-
tion requires such ratification to be by "Legis-
latures" of "States," not "provisional" Legis-
latures.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
call the attention of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] to this: what is the prac-
tical advantage of discussing that question now,
when the present Legislature, agreed to be duly
organized, has ratified both the fourteenth and
fifteenth articles of amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States ? What consequence
whether the ratification before was legal or :
illegal? I1
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has this conse* ;
quence: it shows that at the time we passed
the act of December last Congress had no
other idea than that the former ratification by
the Legislature of Georgia of the fourteenth
article of amendment was legal, and therefore
we did not, by that act, require the Legislature
of Georgia to again ratify the fourteenth article
of amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Allowme a word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well.
Mr. LAWRENCE. A provisional Legis-
lature, organized in pursuance of an act of
Congress, is just as legal, for all purposes within
the scope of its powers, as the Legislature of
a permanent State government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes ;"butwedeclared
by our reconstruction act that those "pro-
visional" governments were without legal
authority.
Now, one word in regard to that act. That
act was passed when Andrew Johnson was
setting up his State governments throughout
the South. We took the matter in hand ami
declared that all those governments were with-
out authority of law. But we also declared
that they were and should be provisional until
the people of those States, in accordance with
the enabling acts provided by Congress, should
form State governments. '1 Provisional "hum-
bug! The word "provisional" is no touchstone
by which you are to solve this question. Those
governments were provisional which were set
up by Andrew Johnson. Those were provis-
ional which were the forerunners of regularly
organized governments. Your territorial gov-
ernments are provisional governments. But
a government set up in pursuance of an act of
Congress, authorizing the people of a Territory
or a State to frame and adopt a constitution of
State government, to elect officers under that
constitution, and to assemble the Legislature
and ratify amendments to the constitution the
act of Congress providing that when this is
done the State shall have her representatives
admitted to the floors of Congress, is in no
sense a provisional government; and I defy
any gentleman to give a logical reason to show
that it is such.
Mr. Speaker, according to the logic of the
bill before the House, and of the speech of the
gentleman from Massachusetts made yester-
day, everything that was done by the Legisla-
ture of Georgia before December last was ille-
gal, among other things the election of Senators
by that Legislature. Aud one of the objects
of this bill—and this is a part of the milk in
this cocoanut—is to get leverage under the
Senate of the United States to affect that body
upon the question what Seuators shall be ad-
mitted from the State of Georgia. I find, upon
referring to the speech made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts in December last, that at
that time he took different ground. I ask his
attention to what he then said. While speak-
ing upon this very Georgia question, while dis-
cussing the bill which we passed at that time,
the gentleman from Massachusetts made some
remarks in reply to a question of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Mooke.] I will read
the question and the answer:
' Mr. Moore, of Illinois. I would like to ask the
As I understand, this
„„„        represent the
State in the Senate of the United States. Now, if this
bill be passed, and the original Legislature bo called
together, will the status which existed at that time
•be restored, and will tho election of those Senators
be considered valid under the bill?
" Mr. Butlkb, of Massachusetts. I am very much
obliged to my friend for pntting that question, for I
had intended to refer to it. This bill does not inter-
fere with that matter at all. The question of tho
qualifications of persons chosen as Senators must be
referred to the body in which they are to sit."
Further on lie says, after quoting from the
report of the Senate committee:
" So that the passage of this bill will not affect that
question. There may or may not be a new election
ot Senators after a loyal Legislature is assembled in
that State."
As I remarked yesterday, but very little ques-
tion was made with regard to the organization
of that Legislature until the colored men were
expelled. As_ to the few persons who may
have been admitted to seats in that Legislature,
although unable to take the oath that they were
disqualified under the fourteenth amendment,
very little exception was taken to that matter—
none that I am aware of outside of the State of
Georgia. If the matter had rested there and
the Legislature had not expelled the colored
men, I venture to say that no action would
ever have been taken by this Congress upon
the subject. No attention would have been
paid to the matter. But the expulsion of the
colored men was the act which aroused the
indignation of Congress and of the people,
and induced Congress to intervene—unneces-
sarily, as I thought at the time and think now;
for I believe the Legislature would have re-
stored itself if it had been let alone for a few
weeks; and if it had not done so, we could
just as well have interfered two or three weeks
later.
But it appears from thereport recently made
by the committee of the United States Senate
that the present Legislature has been guilty of
just as illegal actsas was its predecessors. And
while I do not care to spend any time in dis-
cussing the course pursued by General Terry
and the Governor of Georgia in reference to
the organization of that Legislature, I must
say here that, in my opinion, there has been
no greater assumption of unauthorized power
exercised by anybody than that exercised by
General Terry and Governor Bullock in the
matter of the organization of that Legislature.
By the Governor in appointing a railroad con*
duetor or railroad agent, a man not a member
of the Legislature at all, to sit there and adjourn
the body from time to time as he saw fit to
exercise control in that respect; by General
Terry in organizing a court-martial or' military
commission to inquire into the eligibility of
members of the Legislature, and that too after
Congress had declare d in its law, as plainly as
it possibly could, that only the members who
were named in General Meade's proclamation
should be assembled, and that then stich of
them as could take the oath shoiild form the
Legislature, and should organise'themselves as
such. If we place our actiofo tfpon the ground
that the former Legislature did some illegal
act, the act of the briesent Legislature in this
respect is just as illegal as the other.
The constitution of Georgia provides for the
election of members of the Legislature every two
years, and that the election shall take place in
November. The voters of Georgia on the first
Tuesday of November next will be able to pro-
ceed to elect members of her Legislature, a por-
tion of the senators holding over for four years.
It is now proposed by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] to extend that election
until November, 1872! Was there evera more
impudentassumption attempted to be exercised
than that? The constitution which we have
approved, which has been adopted by the voters
of Georgia, thus to be extended so these men
may have a further lease of power! Why not.,
as some gentleman says, make your constitu-
tion, and in it declare that this Mr. Bullock
shall be Governor for six years, and that the
present Legislature, a portion of which were
never elected in the world, minority candidates
illegally sworn into the Legislature, shall have
