1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3597
man on our hands and also a detective. That
is the danger of changing the name of an office
except in a more formal manner than this.
For these reasons, which I think are valid, I
suggest that the ameudment be withdrawn or
not adopted.
The question was taken on Mr. Maynard's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. Archer's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent of the committee to close
all debate on that part of the bill from where
we now are down to line one hundred and
forty-eight, on page 7. That includes all under
the head of " Bureau of Docks and Yards."
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. You can
offer amendments without debate.
Mr. ARCHER. Does the gentleman mean
to preclude amendments ? ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No; not
at all.
There was no objection; and debate was
closed.
The following paragraph was then read :
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania:
For civil engineer, $2,000; for draughtsman and
clerk to civil engineer, $1,400 each; for clerk of pay-
rolls and mastering olerk, $1,500; for receiver and
inspector of stores, 81,500; for clerk to commandant,
$1,500; for chief accountant., $1,800; forclerkto chief
accountant, $1,200; for gate-keeper and detective,
$1,000; and for messenger for the commandant's
office, $600; in all, $13,y00.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the words 14 for chief
accountant, $1,800; for clerk to chief account-
ant, $1,200; for gate-keeper and detective,
$1,000." This is precisely similar to amend-
ments which have been made to former par-
agraphs of this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
next paragraph was read, as follows:
At the navy-yard, Washington, District of Co-
lumbia:
For civil engineer, 82,000: for draughtsman and
clerk to civil engineer, at $1,400 each; for receiver
and inspector of stores, $1,500; for clerk of pay-rolls
and mustering clerk, $1,500; for clerk to command-
ant, $1,500; for chief accountant, $1,800; for clerk to
chief accountant, $1,200; for gate-keeper and detect-
ive, $1,000; and for messenger for commandant's
office, $000; in all, $13,900.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the words "for chief
accountant, $1,800; for clerk to chief account-
ant, $1,200; for gate-keeper and detective,
$1,000." It is the same amendment for this
navy-yard that has already been adopted for
previous navy-yards in this bill.
The amendment moved by Mr. Archer was
then agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to further amend
this paragraph by making the compensation
of the civil engineer $2,500 instead of $2,000,
as here proposed. That will make his com-
pensation the same as the compensation of the
civil engineer at the Portsmouth navy-yard. I
understand that the Committee on Appropri-
ations are willing that this amendment should
mfici e
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no objection to it.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Stevens ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 18, noes. 17; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dickey and
Mr. Steveks were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there was—ay one, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The
amendment which has just been adopted on
motion of the gentlemau from Maryland [Mr.
Archer] renders it necessary to change the
total amount appropriated by this paragraph.
I therefore move to amend the last clause of
this paragraph by striking out " $13,900" and
inserting " $10,900."
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
stdto it
Mr. CONGER. Would not a reduction of
$4,000 in the appropriation made by this par-
agraph leave $9,900 instead of $10,900, as
proposed by the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] in his amendment just
moved by him?
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a parlia-
mentary inquiry, but a question of arithmetic.
The amendment moved by Mr. Washburn,
of Wisconsin, was then agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
At tho navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia :
For civil engineer, $2,000; l'or draughtsman and
clerk to civil engineer, at $1,400 each; for receiver
and inspector of stores, $1,500; for elerk of pay-rolls
and mustering clerk, $1,500; for clerk to command-
ant,$l,500; for gate-keeper and dctective, $1,000; and
for messenger for commandant's office, $000: in all,
$10,900.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend this par-
agraph, to make it correspond with the others,
by striking out the words "for gate-keeper
and detective, $1,Q00."
Mr. PLATT. As there is no chief account-
ant for this navy-yard a3 for other navy-yards,
I hope this amendment will not be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment moved by Mr. Archer was
then agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
At the navy-yard, Pcnsacola, Florida:
For superintendent of yard improvements, $1,878;
for receiver and inspector of stores, $1,500; for gato-
keeper and detective. $1,000; for messenger for the
office of tho commandant, $600; in all, $4,978.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to amend this
paragraph by inserting after the clause relating
to the superintendent of yard improvements
the words " for draughtsman and clerk to super-
intendent, $1,400also, by inserting after the
next clause the words " writer to receiver and
inspector of stores, at $3 per diem; clerk of
pay-rolls and mustering clerk, $1,600; one
clerk to commandant, $1,500;" also, by chang-
ing the total amount to $10,717.
Mr. ARCHER. Is not that the creation of
new officers, and is it in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is in order.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend this para-
graph by striking out the words "for gate-
keeper and detective, $1,000;" so as to make
this paragraph correspond to the preceding
paragraphs relating to navy-yards.
The amendment moved by Mr. Archer was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend the last clause of this paragraph by
striking out "$4,978" and inserting" $3,978;"
which is rendered necessary by the amendment
moved by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Archer.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph was read, as follows :
At the navy-yard. Mare Island, California:
For civil engineer, $3,000; for assistant civil engi-
neer and draughtsman, $1,800; for receiver and in-
spector of stores, $1,875; for clerk of pay-rolls and
mustering clerk, $1,875; for clerk to commandant,
$1,875; for chief accountant, at $1,800; and for clerk
to chief accountant, $1,500; for gate-keeper and de-
tective, $1,000; and for messenger for commandant's
office, $750; in all, $15,475.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the words "for chief
accountant, at $1,800; and for clerk to chief
accountant, $1,500; for gate-keeper and de-
tective, $1,000." That is necessary in order
to make this paragraph correspond with the
preceding paragraphs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
ofl'er the following amendment, to come in at
the close of the pending paragraph :
And tho Committee on Naval Affairs, with such
committoo as tho Senato may appoint, is hereby
authorized and directed to visit find inspect, durinr
tho recess of Congress, tho condition and manage-
ment of tho several navy-yards at Washington,
Philadelphia, New York, Boston, and Portsmouth,
and to report at tho next session what reforms aro
necessary to securo economy and efficicncy in tho
naval and civil branches ofservicc in these and other
navy-yards.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will not
I object to the amendment. 1 know it is not in
| order; but nothing is more necessary for the
information of the House than some such
inspection as the amendment proposes.
Mr. KELSEY. The matter is entirely within
the control of the Department now.
: Mr. BANKS. I do not care whether the
duty be devolved upon the Committee on
Naval Affairs or the Committee on Appropri-
ations ; but such an examination ought to be
made.
Mr. KELSEY. I insist on the point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order be-
ing insisted on, the Chair is compelled to rule
out the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend by making $11,175 the aggregate
sum appropriated in the pending paragraph,
instead of $15,475. This change is rendered
necessary by the amendment adopted on mo-
tion of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Archer.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
At tho Naval Asylum :
For secretary to the governor, $1,000; for steward.
$750; for matron, $300; for six washers, at $120 each;
for cook, $1G8; first assistant cook, $120; second as-
sistant cook, ninety-six dollars; six laundresses, at
$120 each; eight scrubbers and house cleaners, at
ninety-six dollars each; four laborers, at $240 each;
master-at-arms, $300; and for ship's corporal, $240;
in all, $0,142.
Mr. WELKER. I see that this paragraph
makes an appropriation for the "secretary to
the governor." I would like to inquire of
the gentleman having the management of the
bill what is the duty of this officer?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. He acts
as a clerk, of course. I suppose the gentle-
man knows what a "secretary" is and what
a "governor" is.
Mr. WELKER. What do they both do?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
never been there.
Mr. WELKER. I desired to get a little
information.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
having been closed on this paragraph with
others.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau Equipment and Recruiting:
For equipment of vessels: for coal for steamers'
use, including expenses of transportation, storage,
labor, &c.; hemp and other materials for tho manu-
facture of rope, wire-rope, hides, cordage, canvas,
leather, iron, cables, anchors, furniture, galleys,
hose, Ac.; and for the payment of labor in equipping
vossels, and manufacture of articles in the navy-
yards pertaining to this bureau, $1,500,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
striking out after the word "hose" the words
"and so forth." Such language has no busi-
ness in any law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend by in-
serting the word "and" between the words
"galleys" and " hose." This change is ren-
dered necessary by the amendment just adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union rose informally; when a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin, one of its
clerks, announced that the Senate had adopted
the report of the committee of conference on
the bill (S. No. 95) in relation to the Hot
Springs reservation in Arkansas.
