696
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 12,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at Baltimore :
For Assistant Treasurer, five thousand dol-
lars ; one clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; two clerks, two thousand four hun-
dred dollars ; one clerk, one thousand dollars;
one messenger, eight hundred and forty dol-
lars—amounting in all to eleven thousand and
forty dollars.
Office of depositary at Chicago :
For cashier, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars ; one clerk, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars; two clerks, two thousand four hundred
dollars; one clerk, one thousand dollars; one
messenger, eight hundred and forty dollars—
amounting in all to eight thousand two hun-
dred and forty dollars.
Office of depositary at Cincinnati:
For cashier, two thousand dollars; one
clerk, one thousand eight hundred dollars ; two
clerks, two thousand four hundred dollars;
one clerk, one thousand dollars—amounting
in nil to seven thousand two hundred dollars.
Office of depositary at Louisville :
For cashier, two thousand dollars; ono
clerk, one thousand five hundred dollars ; one
clerk, one thousand two hundred dollars; one
watchman, seven hundred and twenty dollars—
amounting in all to five thousand four hundred
and twenty dollars.
Office of the depositary at Pittsburg :
For cashier, one thousand eight hundred
dollars ; one clerk, one thousand four hundied
dollars; one wattfhmaii, seven hundred and
twenty dollars—amounting in all to three
thousand nine hundred and twenty dollars.
Office of depositary at Santa F6 :
For depositary, (in addition to his pay as
receiver,) two thousand dollars; ore cleik,
one thousand two hundred dollars ; one watch-
man, seven hundred and twenty dollais—■
amountin« in all lo three thousand nine hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation to special agents to exam-
ine the hooks, accounts, and money on hand
at, the several depositories, including national
hanks acting as depositaries under the act of
the sixth, of August, eighteen hundred and
lbrty-six, six thousand dollars.
For contingent, expenses under the act of
the sixth of August, eighteen hundred and
forty six, lor the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public reve-
nue, lifiy thousand dollars: Provided, That
no part of said sum shall be expended for
clerical services.
I'm1 checks and certificates of deposit for
office of Assistant Treasurer ;U New York, and
oilier offices, eight thousand dollars.
t.VITEI) STATES MIXT, BRANCHES, AXD ASSAY
OFFICKS.
Mint at Philadelphia.
For salaries of the Director, treasurer, as-
sayer, melter and refiner, chief coiner and
engraver, assistant assayer, and seven clerks,
thirty seven thousand nine hundred dollars.
Kor wages of workmen and adjusters, one
hundred ami twenty-five thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in-
eUidnig wastage and repairs, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be pre-
served in the cabinet of the Alinl, six hundred
dollars.
For freight oil bullion and coin, five thousand
oo.iai .i.
Brunch, Mint at San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer,
:i--s.;\er, melter and refiner, coiner, and six
e'ark«, thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, re-
pairs, and wastage; sixty-nine thousand five
hundred and forty-five dollars.
Assay Office, New York.
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, and
melter and refiner, assistant assayer, officers,
andclerks, twenty-five thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For wages of workmen, in addition to un-
expended balances of former appropriations,
forty thousand dollars.
For incidental aud contingentexpenses, fifty
thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at Denver.
For assayer, (who shall have charge of the
said mint,) two thousand five hundred dollars.
For melter, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For wages of workmen, sixteen thousand
dollars.
For three clerks, at one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars each, five thousand four hundred
dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in-
cluding repairsand wastage, five thousand dol-
lais: Provided. That after the first day of
April, eighteen hundred and seventy, the branch
mint at Denver shall be carried on as an assay
office only, and all unexpended balances ot
appropriations shall be paid and covered into
the Treasury of the United States, and all the
offices not herein provided for are hereby abol-
ished.
Branch Mint at Carson City.
For salaiios of superintendent., assayer,
melter and refinei, chief coiner, assistant as-
sayer, assistant melter and refiner, assistant
chief coiner, and clerks, twenty thousand two
hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, fifty-
four thousand dollars.
For chemicals, charcoal, and wood, inci-
dental and miscellaneous expenses, seventeen
thousand six hundred dollars.
Branch Mini at Charlotte, North Carolina.
For assayer, fifteen hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, fourteen hundred
and ninety-two dollars.
For chemicals, charcoal, and incidental and
miscellaneous items, fifteen hundred dollars.
COVHr.XMKXTS IX TIIE TEWUTOMES.
Territory of Arizona.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, and
two associate judges, and secretary, twelve
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
ono thousand dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the execu-
tive office, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of members
ofthe Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks,and
contingentexpenses thereof, twenty thousand
dollars.
Territory of Colorado.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two associate
judges, and secretary, eleven thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory,
one thousand dollars-
For compensation and mileage of members
ofthe Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks,and
contingent expenses thereof, twenty thousand
dollars.
Territory of Dakota.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
oflndian affairs, ehiefjusticeaiid two associate
judges, and secretary, eleven thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For contingentexpenses ofthe Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers ofthe Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks,
and contingent expenses thereof, nineteen thou-
sand three hundred and eighty dollars.
Territory of Idaho.
Forsalaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses ofthe Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage ofthe mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks,
and contingent expenses thereof, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
Territory of Montana.
For compensation of Governor and super-
intendent of Indian affairs, chief justice and
two associate judges, andsecretary, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the last Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and contingentexpenses thereof, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of New Mexico.
Forsalaries of Governor, chief justice and
two associate judges, and secretary, twelve
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the execu-
tive office, five hundred dollars.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two
associatejudges, andsecretary, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Washington.
Forsalaries of Governor, chief justice, two
associatejudges, and secretary, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Wyoming.
Forsalaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice, two associate
justices, and secretary, twelve thousand three
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Interior, Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, four
clerks of class four, additional to three dis-
bursing clerks, three clerks of class three, four
clerks of class two, and one clerk of class one,
one messenger, two assistant messengers at
seven hundred and twenty dollars each, and
three laborers in his office—in all, thirty-seven
thousand five hundred and forty dollars.
For completing the survey of the Colorado
of the West and its tributaries, under the di-
rection of Professor Powell, twelve thousand
dollars, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior.
Bureau of Education.
For Commissioner of Education, three thou-
sand dollars; one cleik at eighteen hundred
dollars ; one clerk at sixteen hundred dollars ;
one clerk at fourteen hundred dollars; one,
messenger at eight hundred and forty dollars ;
stationery, six hundred dollars; library, one
thousand dollars; collect!tigstatistics and writ-
ing and compiling matter for annual and spe
cial reports, three thousand dollars; contin-
gencies, one thousand two hundred and sixty
dollars—in all, fourteen thousand five hun-
dred dollars: Provided, That from and after
