3598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
The Clerk read as follows :
At the navy-yard, Boston:
For superintendent of rope-walk, 81,900; clerk to
same, SI,200; clerk in equipment offioe, $1,500; for
three storo and time clerks, one at 81,400 and two
at $1,200 each; in all, $8,400.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move ,
the following amendment:
Strike out all after the word "dollars," in line one
hundred and sixty-seven, to tho end of the paragraph,
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
For two store and time clerks, at $1,200 each; in
all. $7,000. !
The amendment was agreed to. i
The Clerk read as follows:
At the navy-yard. Mare Island:
For clerk in equipment office, $1,500; for store
clerk, $1,400, and for time clerk, $1,200; in all, $4,100.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the words "fourteen hundred" the ;
■word "dollars."
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like the gentle- !
man from Wisconsin to give us some informa- ;
tion «s to why the clerks at the Mare Island j
Davy-yard are allowed more than those at the |
Washington navy-yard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Because
living is more expensive in California.
The amendment waa agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask j
unanimous consent that the Clerk be author-1
ized to change the aggregate sum in the para-
graphs already passed so as to correspond with
the amendments which have been adopted. .
In some instances the necessary change has;
not been made.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the Clerk will make the necessary corrections.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingent expenses of Bureau of Equipment
and Recruiting, namely:
For freight and transportation of stores, <Scc., trans-
portation of enlisted men, mileage to honorably dis-
charged men, printing, postage, advertising, tele-
graphing, stationery, apprehension of deserters,
assistance to vessels in distress, &c., $125,000.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union took a recess until half
past seven o'clock p. in.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, (Mr. Eldridge in the
chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1583) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1871.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill until he came to the following paragraph:
For contingent expenses of Bureau of Equipment
and Recruiting, namely; For freight and transporta-
tion of stores, &c., transportation of enlisted men,
mileage to honorably discharged men, printing, post-
age, advertising, telegraphing, stationery, apprehen-
sion of deserters, assistance to vessels in distress, &o.,
$125,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to make amotion,
which I have often made before on these ap-
propriation bills, to strike out in lines two hun-
dred and one and two hundred and four the
words "and so forth," which are useless and
possibly may be mischievous, and I would
suggest to the gentleman having charge of this
bill that he consent to have them stricken out
wherever they occur.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Certainly.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For nautical and astronomical instruments, nauti-
cal books, maps, and charts, and sailing directions,
and repairs of nautical instruments for ships of war,
$10,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reduce the
appropriation $1,000. I ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin whether he can tell us accu-
rately or approximately how much of tfcifl money
expended for charts is expended for the pro-
duction of American charts, and how much
for foreign charts ? I have an impression there
might be an improvement in this respect.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Very
much for admiralty charts. Further on there
is an appropriation for preparing and publish-
ing maps, charts, and other hydrographic in-
formation in Connection with that bureau of
the Navy Department. This appropriation is
precisely the same as last year.
Mr. MAYNARD. I very seldom go to sea;
but during last summer I sailed along the coast,
and to my surprise I found that the vessel was ;
navigated by the British admiralty chart. I 'i
take occasion to mention this for the purpose, !
if there be any deficiency, of having itsupplied. j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. We have
minute charts of our own coast; but it is true '
that British admiralty charts are frequently
used.
Mr. STEVENS. The steamer which this
Government has upon the lakes is navigated
by British charts, from the fact that we have
never made the same surveys of the great lakes
under the Coast Survey organization that we
have made of the coast.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
the gentleman is mistaken. Our hydrographic
surveys of the lakes have been, I think, as
minute as our surveys of the coast.
Mr. STEVENS. My attention was called ;
to the fact that the British admiralty charts
were used. i
Mr. CONGER. In regard to charts of the !
lakes I will say that the lakes have been fully
surveyed, and charts published of the entire
chain of lakes, with all the bays, harbors, and
channels, which are supplied to all sailing
masters. This survey was commenced under
Captain, now General Meade, and is equiv-
alent to the survey of the coast.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my motion.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill until he reached the following paragraph:
For preparing and publishing maps, charts, nau-
tical books, and other hydrographic information,
$15,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move to
strikeout" fifteen" and insert "twenty," so as
to increase the appropriation to $20,000. The
Hydrographic Bureau have represented that
they need this money for the next fiscal year,
and I have no doubt the statement is correct.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Wisconsin whether these
charts published by the Hydrographic Bureau
are accessible to our mercantile marine ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand they are furnished to our Navy, and to
the mercantile marine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Is it in order to go back to page 9?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, without unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HAMILTON. The paragraph I refer
to was not read but was about being read
when we took a recess. I ask unanimous con-
sent to go back.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read the following:
At the navy-yard,Pensacola:
For equipment office clerk, $1,300, and for the store
elork, $1,200; in all, $2,500.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to insert in that
paragraph, " for one time clerk $1,000, " and
increase the amount to "$3,500."
Mr. Chairman, I observe that at the navy-yard
here there is an appropriation made for a time
clerk ; that there is one at the Norfolk navy-
yard ; that at the Boston navy-yard there are,
I think, three. But at the Pensacola yard,
which is equally important with some of the
others, there is none.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there one there now?
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes, sir; and the Sec-
retary of the Navy desires an appropriation to
be made for continuing that officer.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman inform
us what is the force at that yard ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Whose
time is this man to keep?
Mr. HAMILTON. The time of the large
number of employes there.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. How
many ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I cannot tell precisely
how many there are, but there is quite a num-
ber. I may state in this connection that the
West Indies and South Atlantic squadrons put
in at Pensacola for repairs, as the squadrons
in the Atlantic put in at Boston, Philadelphia,
and Norfolk, and the squadron in the Pacific
at the California navy-yard. And I think the
Committee on Naval Affairs have not put a
proper estimate on the importance of that
navy-yard. Itis the only navy-yard on the Gulf
of Mexico, and is more important than that of
Norfolk.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am inclined to think
that this amendment is a proper one, but I
should be glad if the gentleman from Florida
could tell us what is the average number of
hands employed in the Pensacola navy-yard.
Mr. HAMILTON. I can only say—although
I am sorry to have to make the admission—that
some sixty and odd employes in the navy-vard
at Pensacola were discharged last spring on
account of a want of appropriations to carry
on the work there.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a single remark ?
Mr. HAMILTON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to say that if gen-
tlemen will examine the Navy Register they will
find that there is a very small force employed
there; that while there are some thirty or forty
officers at the other yards there are only seven
stationed at Pensacola, which shows that the
force in that yard mnst be very small.
Mr. HAMILTON. There are upward of
one thousand employes in the Pensacola navy-
yard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
oppose the amendment. There is next to
nothing being done at the Pensacola navy-
yard. We give them an equipment clerk and
a store clerk, and that is all that is required
there and a great deal more than is required.
There is no use for a time clerk; and I hope,
therefore, the amendment will be rejected.
Mr. ELA. I would remark that most of the
men employed in the navy-yards are employed
by the Bureau of Construction ; but there are
none employed in that department at Pensa-
cola, because there is no construction going on
theirs*
Mr. ARCHER. I will state to the com-
mittee that in going over the previous para-
graphs in the bill I was much inclined to move
to strike out the appropriations for all the time
clerks in the other navy-yards; but as I was
asking the committee to strike out a good many
other officers whom I thought supernumeraries,
I allowed the appropriation for the time clerks
to be passed over, which I think I ought not to
have done. In the navy-yard here we have two
time clerks with four hundred men, and their
wholeduty, if I understand their position aright,
is merely to keep the time of the four hundred
or four hundred and fifty men going into the
yard, and there are some ten or fifteen clerks
employed there besides. I am opposed to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Florida to make an appropriation for a time
clerk at the Pensacola navy-yard, not because
I have any special objection to a time clerk at
that yard, but because I think there is no
necessity for these time clerks in any of the
yards.
I do not mean to attribute to the gentleman
from Florida any motive of merely local interest
in nrging this amendment. But I say that
there is no necessity for this time clerk in the
Pensacola yard, and no necessity for time
clerks in any of the other navy-yards. _ There
is clerical force sufficient twice over in every
