398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
for a few moments of all those gentlemen -who
contemplate voting against the bill. Those
■who have been in this Hall for four or five
years have learned all about this controversy,
all the facts about League Island, its condition
with reference to health, and the necessity of
having the navy-yard there. To such gentle-
men this is an old subject; and I had supposed
it was settled when the Government first be-
came satisfied of the necessity of having a
navy-yard on fresh water on account of the
iron-clads. Then they wanted it so located
that it would be convenient to iron and coal;
they wanted it convenient to a great city,
where skilled labor could be had in emergen-
cies ; they wanted it somewhat inland, where
it would be secure from the approach of an
enemy. The want was imperative. The Pres-
ident recommended it; the Navy Department
recommended it; all naval men, and I may say
all politicians, said that such a navy-yard was
needed somewhere, and we had none then.
Committees were sent out; several commissions
were appointed. Speculation was on foot fol-
lowing up those committees and those commis-
sions wherever they went, because wherever
the yard was located it would create almost a
little city in itself and there would be a great
rise in land. Some were strongly in favor of
this locality and others strongly opposed to it;
but at last, after all the rival localities had
been examined and committees and commis-
sions after committees and commissions had
made their reports, some pro and some con,
and the matter had been discussed in this Hall
day after day and week after week, Congress
did at last and the President did at last and the
Department did at last settle down upon this
locality at League Island and accepted the gift
of the city of Philadelphia of six hundred acres
of land as the future place for a navy-yard
whenever the Government should see fit to
develop it.
We had all these arguments then, and they
were proved again and again to be fallacious.
We heard all about the unhealthy location, and
about the sand banks, and the mud, and all
that sort of thing, and of a shallow river, and
a frozen river, which I believe my friend has
forgotten to mention. It was all combatted to
the satisfaction of everybody, and the decision
was made that there should be a navy-yard at
this place where we could; have fresh water,
where the iron-clads could lie and could be
made, and which would he convenient to iron
and coal and to skilled labor. But the Secre-
tary of theNaify discovers that in accepting
and locating a navy-yard there at some future
time when Congress shall feel able to give
money for it he had no authority to remove
the old navy-yard. The old navy-yard would
still stand, and every particle of machinery and
every stick of timber that is invested in the old
yard would remain there and he would have
to_ buy new. He therefore recommends to
this House in his annual report that a few lines
of legislation shall be passed which will author-
ize him, when he comes to act in the matter at
all, to move the machinery of the old yard
piece by piece to the new yard, and as the Gov-
ernment can dispense with the use of that old
yard, put it in the market and sell it, because
it will sell for enough to make the new yard,
and probably for more too. He is to sell it
from time to time piecemeal, not to those who
may attempt to defraud the Government, but !
to men who actually want it and will give its '
value, ihe proceeds are to be applied to the
new yard.
Now, sir, that is all this bill is intended to
do. That is all I think it does do. It is sim-
ply toauthorizo the Secretary, when he comes
to act in the matter, when the stern Committee
on Appropriations—stern, I believe it is, at
least I hope so—shall come to act 011 it, if it
shall say that there ought to be a small appro-
priation to begin with, to remove the machinery
nnd sell the land ; and if5 on the other hand,
the committee say the Government is not in a
condition just now to make an appropriation,
that we are not pressed so much for a navy-
yard as we were during the war, and that they
must wait a few years before they get money to
start with, why, then, the law is a dead letter.
But the only thing the bill is designed to do is
to give the Secretary the power I have stated.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. WELKER. How much land is there
in the present navy-yard which it is proposed
in this laill to sell?
Mr. SCOFIELD. About thirty acres.
Mr. KELLEY. Twenty acres.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. My colleague [Mr. Kel-
ley] says it is twenty acres.
Mr. WELKER. Of what value is it ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose it is worth
$2,000,000 at least.
Mr. WELKER. Is it not contemplated, in
ease this bill should be passed, to follow it up
by an application for an appropriation to com-
mence the building of this new navy-yard?
I know, as the gentleman has already said,
that this is an old question for several years in
the House of Representatives, and that many
of the questions about which the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] has been
talking this morning have already been settled.
But the question now presents itself, shall we
at this time commence the expenditure of
money for the construction of this new navy-
yard? Many of us have thought that perhaps
when this navy-yard shall be changed the
location proposed_by this bill is the best loca-
tion to be found for that purpose. And now
this bill is introduced for the purpose of com-
mencing the construction of this new navy-
yard. And that is the point sought to be raised,
as I understand, by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. My friend from Ohio [Mr.
Welker] asks me if it is not designed to follow
up the passage of this bill with an application
for an appropriation. 1 answer in this way: it
is not designed by anybody '• to follow it up"
with such an application. It is designed, I sup-
pose, by the gentlemen who represent the city
of Philadelphia to ask the Committee on Ap-
propriations to make an appropriation to com-
mence the improvement upon League Island.
But that is not in the nature of "following up':
this bill. They will ask that, I suppose, as local
representatives whether this bill pass or not.
This bill "will not aid or obstruct that matter
in any shape or form ; it has really nothing to
do with it. ^ If, however, the application for an
appropriation should be successful and Con-
gress should make it, the Secretary when he
attempts to improve League Island would have
to bury all his_material denovo should this bill
not pass. If this bill should pass he could then,
instead of purchasing the material and ma-
chinery for League Island, commence to move
it. down the river from the old navy-yard to the
new navy-yard at a great deal less cost, and also
sell portions of the old yard from time to time.
. _ MAYNARD. Is it contemplated by the
Naval Committee, of which the gentleman [Mr.
Scofield] is chairman, or does this bill con-
template that a navy-yard, first-class—if I may
use that expression in connection with a navy-
yard shall be ultimately builtat League Island?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot answer for the
present Naval Committee. The former Naval I
Committee of this House did indorse it; the
House indorsed it; the Senate indorsed it;
the Department indorsed it; and I know of'
nobody who has changed his mind upon the
subject.
Mr. MAY3STARD. I would also inouire of
the gentleman whether in the opinion of the
Committee on Naval Affairs it is deemed ne-
cessary to have a navy-yard at League Island
adequate for building purposes? We have a
navy-yard here at Washington city; another at
Portsmouth,Virginia—the Gosport navy-yard ;
another at Brooklyn, New York, &c. And
although I can see why there should be a naval
depot at League Island for the benefit of our
iron-clads, and for other purposes, I do not see
why we should have an extensive navy-yard at
League Island for building purposes and for
repairs. If the gentleman means merely to
discontinue the present navy-yard at Philadel-
phia, and remove the material there to League
Island and make that a naval depot, I think
the proposition is a good one and should be
adopted. But if it is contemplated to make a
navy-jard there like the navy-yards at Brook-
lyn, Washington, Mare Island, &c., then 1
hardly think the exigencies of the country
require it,
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man by saying that it is not in contemplation
to make an additional navy-yard ; but it is in
contemplation to supply that great want of the
Government, a navy-yard where iron-clads par-
ticularly can be constructed, where there is
fresh water. That is a want which the Gov-
ernment has now no means of supplying; and
in order to do this it is a great deal cheaper for
the Government to move the machinery of the
old navy-yard to the locality of League Island ;
and, as I understand, it has already been agreed
in the legislation of the two Houses of Con-
gress that that shall be done; but the express
language authorizing the Secretary of the Navy
to remove the machinery of the old yard down
to League Island has been omitted. That, I
think, is all there is in this bill.
I now yield to my colleague, the gentleman
from Philadelphia, [Mr. O'Neill.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not wish to consume
the time of the House unnecessarily after the
remarks of my colleague, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Scofield,]
but I wish to reply to a few of the objections
made to this bill by my friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Washburn.] All the objections to ac-
cepting League Island as a naval station were
answered in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, which
passed the act authorizing the Government to
accept it. The city of Philadelphia made
this offer in good faith, and by it the country is
now in possession of the island, which com-
prises some six hundred acres. It is hardly
necessary for me to state the cost incurred by
the city in acquiring the title to this land ; that
is not the question to-day; but I will say in
passing that the amount paid originally was
$300,000. The act of acceptance required that
the city of Philadelphia should give a clear
and indisputable title to the island before it
passed into the hands of the Government.
Subsequently, however, it was ascertained
that for the more perfect occupation of the
island itself for naval purposes it was neces-
sary that the Government should have a clear
title to a little more land than that embraced
within its limits. Hence the city, without any
hesitation and at an additional expense of
over fifty thousand dollars, making the whole
cost more than three hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, purchased a narrow strip of land
running along the south bank of the mainland
north of League Island and across the back
channel, so as to give the Government juris-
diction over sufficient territory for guarding the
approach to this naval station. This strip of
land, included in the gift at the suggestion of
the Government, makes the donation more
valuable, and secures forever more than six
hundred acres upon which to build a naval
station as rapidly as this and other Congresses
may see fit to make appropriations, nearly the
waole amount of which will be returned to the
1 reasury upon the sale of the ground now
occupied by the present navy-yard.
As I have already said, the Thirty-Ninth
Congress and I wish my friend from Wiscon-
sin had been in it to hear the discussion of this
matter—considered all the objections which are
now raised ; and by the decision of that Con-
gress these questions were, 1 think, settled
forever.
I will here say that the "mud-bank'" to which
