1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
a lease of power for two years longer? It is
monstrous, and more monstrous, too, in the
face and eyes of the fact that this Governor is
charged by the treasurer of the State, himself
a sound, loyal Republican, with misappropri-
ating the money of the State.
Their constitution does not require them to
have an election immediately, but only in No-
vember next They can be prepared between
now and then. But, say some gentlemen, we
are afraid we will lose the State. Is that a
good excuse? I am afraid we will lose New
York at the next election.
Mr. STEVENSON. Can the gentleman tell
us how we are to save New York?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir, makealaw,
as you propose to do for Oeorgia, that shall
inaugurate a government and install State offi-
cers whose tenure of office shall be for life 1
That is the surest and easiest mode of main-
taining our ascendency in the nation, much
surer and easier than by holding elections. If
that is to be the rule then maintain your ascend-
ency by act of Congress 1 Such is the new rule
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, and if
we pass a few more such bills as this one of
the gentleman from Massachusetts I fear it is
the only mode by which we can perpetuate our
ascendency. Mr. Speaker, when they had a
fair election in the State on the adoption of the
constitution they elected a Republican ticket
by a large majority. They have the same regis-
tered voters now as then, and but for the un-
lawful and bad acts of some of the officers in
that State that ascendency would have been
maintained and the party solidified and made a
unit. But that is not a good reason why we
should attempt to perpetuate the reign of these
men, and especially when it is charged they are
purloining and appropriating to their own use
the funds belonging to the State.
The gentleman from Massachusetts halloos
"Murder!" Whenever he wants to put any-
thing through of this sort, you will find the
gentleman from Massachusetts rise and with
flaming nostrils and raised arms yell out at
the top of his voice, " Murder 1 murder 1"
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I should like to have
five minutes more.
There was no objection, and the time was
extended as requested.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There have been dis-
orders in Georgia, I know, but in my judgment
they have been grossly exaggerated. 1 have
always noticed, the moment Georgia affairs are
to come up, we read in the Chronicle of this
city of outrages; then we have Governor Bul-
lock and his staff here with more outrages;
then an act of Congress.
I remember the doings of a gentleman, a very
clever fellow, a man whose politics are those
of the reigning dynasty always—who was a
Democrat before the war, and a terrible war
man daring the war; a Johnson man during
the Johnson administration, and a Grant man
now—who in the winter of 1860-61 had sold
arms to the people of (Georgia, bad sold them
arms with which to shoot down our boys. This
man went down to Georgia, and with the assist-
ance of Governor Bullock got a committee ap-
pointed to examine the case, and so manipu-
lated the committee that they reported in favor
of the State paying for these arms. The Legis-
lature, however, refused to adopt the report of
the committee, and would not pay the money.
That man came back to Washington full of
sorrow—oh, how sorrowful—bis heart wrung to
its very depths, with tears in his eyes, over the
terrible persecution of the negro and loyal men
in the State of Georgia! He was in favor of
the reconstruction of that State at once. What
was his touchstone ? It was that he should get
his $25,000 and interestfor the armshehad sold
to the State of Georgia, and that right in the face
and eyes of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution, which forbids any State to assume
or pay any debt or obligation incurred in aid
of insurrection or rebellion against the United
States.
I feel, in regard to this matter, having known
something of it, having been on the Reconstruc-
tion Committee from the first till now, and hav-
ing watched the course of events and persons,
as well as of governments in those States—I
feel as certain as I could be, without having the
sworn testimony before me, that the passage of
this bill prolonging the term of office of those
men who now control the State of Georgia, au-
thorizing Governor Bullock to appoint all the
judges again, to commencede novo, and putting
the power of the State in his hands, would be
an outrage upon the people of the State of
Georgia. I believe it is only in the interest of
a few people who desire to perpetuate their
reign that they may put money in their purse.
Air. LAWRENCE obtained the floor.
Mr. BECK. Before the gentleman from Ohio
proceeds to address the House, I desire to send
to the desk to be read an amendment to the sub-
stitute I have offered.
The Clerk read the substitute as proposed to
be modified, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the State of Georgia is entitled to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States. And
the Governor of said State is hereby directed to order
\ an election for members of Congress at any time not
; exceeding fixty days from the date of the passage of
this act, to represent said State in the present Con-
j gress of the L nited States.
| Mr. LAWRENCE. In the course of my
1 remarks I will endeavor to answer the ques-
! tions which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] has put to me.
The bill reported from the Reconstruction
j Committee (H. R. No. 1335) to admit the State
| of Georgia to representation in the Congress
I ofthe United States, and now before the House,
is in the same form as that which was passed to
admit Virginia to representation, and that for
the same purpose as to Mississippi, during the
present session of Congress, ancl after the most
elaborate consideration and debate. Those bills
may be said to have decided the policy of this
Congress, and I have been surprised at the op-
position now manifested to this bill. Unless
lieorgia now stands in a materially different
position from Virginia and Mississippi this bill
should pass for the same reasons given in the
discussions in relation to those States. Before
I come to that question I desire to say a few
words as to the power of Congress to impose
conditions on the admission of States.
I will not repeat arguments already made,
but present Bome additional authority in sup-
port of the power. The Congress of 1787, by
the ordinance of July 13 of that year for the
government of the northwestern territory, im-
posed " fundamental conditions" upon the new
States that should be carved out of it and
thereafter admitted into the Union. They were
embodied in articles of compact in the ordi-
nance. Long after Ohio came into the Union
Chief Justice Hitchcock of that State, "the
first-born of the ordinance of'87," in the case
of Cochran vs. Loring, (17 Ohio reports, 425,)
said:
" The principles declared in these articles" * *
" are to prevail, not only daring the terri-
torial government, but for all coming time. They
must ' forever remain unaltered.' "
Mr. HAWKINS. I would ask the gentle-
man if the condition was not imposed by the
deed of cession of Virginia?
Mr. LAWRENCE. It was imposed by Con-
gress in July, 1787.
Mr. HAWKINS. Could Congress have set
aside that condition which was imposed by the
deed of cession?
Mr. LAWRENCE. It was, nevertheless,
imposed by the act of Congress.
Mr. HAWKINS. I want to ask the gentle-
man distinctly if it was not inserted in the
deed of cession by the State?
*Mr. LAWRENCE. The deed of cession was
made by Virginia to settle a disputed question
as to whether that State had the right of soil,
or whether the right to dispose of it belonged
to Congress. I believe that some of the con-
ditions were required by the deed of cession,
as also by Congress, and we have by an act of
Congress passed at this session imposed upon
* Virginia precisely the same conditions which
she imposed upon Ohio and the other north-
western States.
I now proceed with the discussion of the
power to impose conditions.
The power was affirmed ih Hogg vs. Zanes-
ville Canal Company, (7 Ohio, 416.) And the
same doctrine has been held by a jurist whose
name and fame stand side by side with Mar-
shall and Story, the illustrious Justice McLean,
who, in Spooner vs. McConnell, (1 McLean's
Reports, 336,) and iu Palmer vs. Cuyahoga
Company, (3 McLean, 226,) decided that the
ordinance was—
"A binding compact, not incompatible with tho
sovereignty which a State had a right to claim."—
8 Western (Ohio) Law Journal, 232.
I know, in other days of the Republic, when
the Supreme judiciary had fallen into the hands
of "States'-rights" judges, holding politico-
judicial opinions which finally led to secession,
these doctrines were repudiated. (10 Howard
Reports, 82.) Permoli vs. First Municipality,
(3 Howard, 589.) Pollard vs. Hog an, (3 How-
ard, 212.)
But upon general original principles of the
Constitution, under the power to admit new
States and to guaranty a republican form of
government and to preserve that which Con-
gress has power to guaranty, Congress is the
exclusive master of the means it will employ
under the solemnities of an oath to support the
Constitution.
Chief Justice Marshall has given this doc-
trine the sanction of his great name, when he
said:
" The Government which has a right to do any act,
and has imposed on it the duty of performing that
act, must, according to the dictates of reason, bo
allowed to select the means; and those who contend
that it may not select any appropriate means, that
one particular mode of effecting the object is ex-
cepted, take upon themselves the burden of estab-
lishing that exception."
But now, under the new powers given to
Congress by the amendments to the Constitu-
tion, all doubt is removed and the authority
is complete. Even before all these enlarged
powers had been conferred upon Congress, on
the 5th of March, 1866, my colleague, [Mr.
Bingham,] whose eloquence has so often
thrilled the nation when he spoke in the inter-
ests of oppressed humanity, reported from tho
Reconstruction Committee a joint resolution
concerning the State of Tennessee, declaring
her a State on " conditions." I ask the Clerk
to read the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Resolved, &c„ [preamble,]Tberefore, the State of
Tennessee is hereby declared to be one of the United
States of America, on an equal footing with the other
States, upon the express condition that the people of
Tennessee will maintain and enforce in good faith
their existing constitution and laws, excluding those
who have been engaged in rebellion against the Uni-
ted States from the exercise of the elective franchise
for the respective periods of time therein provided
for, and shall exclude the same persons for tho like
respective periods of time from eligibility to office;
and the State of Tennessee shall never assume or pay
any debt or obligation contracted or incurred in aid
of the late rebellion; nor shall the State ever in any
manner olaim from tbe United States or make any
allowance or compensation for slaves emancipated
or liberated in any manner whatever; which condi-
tions shall be ratified by the Legislature of Tennes-
see, or the people thereof, as the Legislature may
direct, before this act shall take effect."
Mr. LAWRENCE. Alas! for the State of
Tennessee, the Senate did not agree to the
"express conditions." The consequence, as
we now painfully know, is that at last death
has been brought upon that State and woes
innumerable. Loyalty still lingers, persecuted,
despised, affrighted within ber borders, but its
political power has—
"Gone where the woodbine twineth."
If we do not adopt the "fundamental condi-
tions" contained in the bill now under discus-
sion a similar fate may imperil the lives and
