1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3599
navy-yard in this country to do the work that
is to be done in them. The clerical force that
is still in the navy-yards is a remnant of the
war. Since 1867, when we passed a resolution
saying that it was against the policy of the
Government to build any more ships, our forces
in the navy-yard have been reduced very largely;
I cannot state precisely the reduction, but it
has been to an enormous extent; and yet the
clerical force has been left in every one of them.
Mr. ELA. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him one question ?
Mr. ARCHER. Certainly.
Mr. ELA. Is it not the duty of the time
clerk at every navy-yard to call the roll of the
men twice a day and make up all the accounts,
and make them up in triplicate ? Is not that
the special duty of the time clerk?
Mr. ARCHER. I would ask the gentleman
why could not a clerk in each of the four de-
partments that they have in every yard keep
the accounts of the hands in that department
and make them out in triplicate ? I say there
is no necessity for these time clerks. But as
we have passed them over in the bill I will
not ask the committee to go back and strike
them out.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I understand the gen-
tleman from Florida [Mr. Hamilton] correctly
the number of hands employed in this yard is
one thousand.
Mr. ARCHER. At the Pensacola yard ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood him to
say so.
Mr. HAMILTON. Over one thousand.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There
is no one there.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I am mistaken in that
there is no force in the question I was about
Mr. HAMILTON. There are upward of a
thousand.. I do not know the definite number.
Mr. ARCHER. Working there?
Mr. HAMILTON. That is my information.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then it is manifest that
two clerks would not be sufficient.
Mr. ARCHER. I confess it is news to me
that there is any such number of men employed
in the Pensacola navy-yard. The gentleman
who has charge of the bill, I think, will bear
me outinsaying that there is no such number
in the Pensacola navy-yard.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARCHER. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Hamilton's
amendment; and it was disagreed to—ajes
seven, noes not counted.
The reading of the bill was resumed; and
the Clerk read as follows :
For gunpowder. $50,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out
"$50,000" and insert "$100,000." The ca-
pacity of the magazines of the United States "is
forty-nine thousand five hundred barrels of
gunpowder. The amount which we now have
on hand is five thousand five hundred and
thirty-nine barrels of gunpowder, of which one
half is at the Mare Island navy-yard. The
Department in its estimate, I believe, asks an
appropriation for ten thousand barrels of gun-
powder. The chairman of the committee can,
perhaps, tell me the exact amount. With this
additional amount of gunpowder alarge amount
of expense would be saved in this way. When-
ever a ship arrives or is to be sent away to a
foreign station they are compelled to transport
gunpowder from a distance at a very heavy ex-
Eense. Furthermore there is not enough on
and. In case of a war there is a very insufficient
supply. It is the desire of the ordinance de-
partment that enough for present use be appro-
priated with a small amount over, to gradually
fill the magazines, which by the war have been
run down to this condition of emptiness, there
being only about five thousand barrels with a
capacity of nearly fifty thousand barrels. It
seems to me, although I regret to be compelled
in this public way to expose the poverty of
our resources, that it is the duty of the com-
mittee to allow this amount of $100,000 for the
purchase of gunpowder, and that it is dictated
by every principle of self-preservation. We
can go on appropriating thousands and hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars to build up a
great armory at Rock Island, in order to lay
up muskets and guns of various calibers for
future contingencies. No one objects to that.
It is said that in peace we are preparing for
war. My colleague upon the committee [Mr.
Dawes] has a large arsenal constantly manu-
facturing small arms at Springfield, Massachu-
setts. We vote money for that, and act wisely
in so doing. Now, when the Navy Depart-
ment shows that they have only five thousand
barrels of gunpowder, when our magazines
have a capacity of fifty thousand, and ask you
to increase the amount to ten thousand bar-
rels for present use, we ought not to reduce
it, and I trust that this amendment will be
agreed to by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise to
oppose the amendment. We have five thou-
sand barrels of gunpowder now on hand.
There is no probability that any portion of
it will be required for a long time to come.
If there should be any sudden demand for
powder, there are powder-mills in this country
capable of manufacturing powder faster than
you can fire it away. Powder is a substance
that will deteriorate. While the estimate of
the Department is for $100,000, the Committee
on Appropriations give $50,000; and in my
judgment, with the five thousand barrels on
hand, that will be sufficient and ample. I think
the public service would not suffer in the
slightest degree, even if this $50,000 should be
stncksn out)
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me to make a cor-
rection of my remarks. I stated that the amount
asked for was ten thousand barrels. The amount
that they asked for was five thousand barrels,
and the Committee on Appropriations allow
them twenty-five hundred barrels.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. We give
them one half that they ask for.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by striking
out the last word. I presume there is no man
here who would wish that the Navy of the
United States, if we are to have any Navy
whatever, should ever be reduced to a point
where its store of powder would be any way
near consumed. What is said by fhegentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] who has
charge of this bill, has but little force, it seems
to me, because an emergency may arise at any
time when it will not be practicable to call upon
the private manufacturers throughout the coun-
try to supply what may be needed at a day's
or at a week's notice. There is nothing lost
by having a reasonable amount of powder
stored and on hand in the safe magazines of the
Government; and five thousand barrels is not
a large amount.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Can the
gentleman tell us how long five thousand bar-
rels would last the Navy in case of war ?
Mr. HALE. Upon that very point I was
just proposing, and I now propose to send to
the Clerk's desk to be read a communication
from Mr. Case, who has charge of this bureau.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The com-
munication is too long.
Mr. HALE. It is not too long. It can be
read before my five minutes expire, and I ask
to have it read as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of Ordnance,
Navy Department, March 22,1870.
Admiral ; In the estimates submitted by this bureau
for the next fiscal year is an item for five thousand
barrels of powder to meet the requirements of the
service.
The appropriation bill, as reported, reduces this
item to two thousand five hundred barrels, and if no
more is allowed 1 am certain, that the Navy cannot
be served as it should be in this indispensable article.
As an evidence of this I respectfully state that the
three ships Worcester, Shenandoah, and Brooklyn,
now preparing for sea, require over five hundred bar-
rels of powder for their guns. A barrel of powder
contains only ten nine-inch charges, six of eleven-
inch, and not quite three of the lowest charge for a
lit teen-inch gun. If the effective charge of one hun-
dred pounds is used for the fifteen-inch gun, a barrel
of powder is consumed at each round.
Powder does not deteriorate in our magazines, and
we should loso none in this way even if the five thou-
sand barrels asked for were mado at once; which,
however, would not be tho case, but only contracted
for as the service needed it.
Finally, it should be borno in mind that all the
powder lor the Navy is not stored in one magazine,
but distributed near the eight navy-yards, including
the distant ono at Mare Island, California; and it
frequently happens that when the stock is small tho
bureau is compelled to draw from one station to sup-
ply the wants of another, thus incurring additional
cost and danger of transportation.
I havo therefore the honor to suggest that the
Naval Committees bo requested to assist the Depart-
ment in having the allowanco for powder made at
least to five thousand barrels, as estimated for.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
A. LUDLOW CASE,
Chief of Bureau.
Vice Admiral D. D. Porter, Navy Department.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I hope
we will now have a vote. I do not want to
say anything more.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Sakgent to increase the ap-
propriation for gunpowder from $50,000 to
$100,000.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 14, noes 55; no quorum voting.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for tellers. This is
an important amendment, and I want to know
whether there is a quorum in this Hall or not.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburn, of
Wisconsin, and Mr. Sargisnt, weie appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 24, noes 7G.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not press for a fur-
ther count.
The amendment was accordingly rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will move a further
amendment, discouraging and hopeless as it
may seem, to this paragraph, in the words:
" For niter and a niter depot, $60,000." In
order to save gentlemen the trouble of turning
to their book of estimates, I will state that on
page 127 they will find this estimate: "New
niter depot, $75,000; five hundred thousand
pounds niter, $55,000." And on pages 258
and 259 will be found the reason assigned for
that, which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The war of the rebellion disclosed the great
liability to which the Union interest was exposed by
relying upon the usual supply of niter from Hin-
dostan.
" In the first place, the supply was limited to the
ordinary consumption, was unequal to the great
increase in demand when war arose, and the price
was not only augmented, but it was difficult to obtain
what was needed in convenient season.
" Under these circumstances I thought of obtain-
ing niter from other sources and initiated the pres-
ent mode of supply; that is, by separating the niter
combined with soda, and uniting it with potash,
which was successfully executed. A depot was sub-
sequently provided, near Maiden, andthereare now
stored there thirty-six hundred and fifty-nine tons.
"Xt8eem8 advisable to make further provisions to
complete the plan; for which purpose another depot
should bo provided, as the present one contains
quite as much as it is advisable to accumulate in
one place, chiefly because when the whole stock is
brought together accident or design would dissipate
it in an instant and leave us unprovided. The con-
venience of communicating with the different pow-
der-works is also to be considered. I recommend,
therefore, that a site for another depot be ohosen in
the interior of the middle States, and convenient of
access by railroad and canal.
"In regard to the character of the building, I am
of the opinion that one similar, but larger than that
lately completed by tho Light-House Board at the
light-house depot, Tompkinsville, Staten Island, for
the storage of oil, will be most suitable, and just
what is wanted, as it is thoroughly protected from
fire. The cost of the site, vault, and buildings for
the person in charge of the depot, I estimate will
be $75,000."
Mr. MAYNARD. In view of the condition
of things exhibited in what has just been read,
it seems to me the House ought, as a matter
of prudence, to adopt some such proposition
as that which I submit. Although we are not at
