1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1711
blast the hopes of Geoim. Let us at once
and forever avert them. This bill provides, as
'• fundamental conditions "—
Second. That it shall never be lawful for the said
State to deprive any citisen of the United States, on
account of nis race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, of the right to hold office under tho con-
stitution and laws of said State, or upon any Ruch
(round to require of him any otherqualificationsfor
office than such as are required of all other citizens.
Tkirti, That theconstitution of Georgia shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprive any citisen
or class ofcitiiena of^the Unitod States of the school
rights and privileges secured by the constitution of
said State.
No existing act of Congress secures to Geor-
gia the benefit of these provisions, and for this
reason we ought to pass this bill to secure jus-
tice and preserve our own consistency.
So much upon the subject of fundamental
conditions. And now why should we pass this
bill? Why is any bill necessary? Why not let
each House of Congress judge of the elections,
returns, aud qualifications of its members, and
thus restore the State to practical relations in
the Union? To answer these questions some
historical facts are necessary to be kept in mind.
President Johnson, by his proclamation of
June 17,1865, appointed James Johnson pro-
visional governor of Georgia.
Ou the 13th of July the provisional governor
issued a proclamation for an election, to be held
on the first Wednesday in October, for mem-
bers of a convention to revise the State consti-
tution.
On the 25th of October the convention met,
repealed the ordinance of secession, divided
the State into congressional districts, abolished
slavery, already dead, repudiated therebeiState
debt, and adjourned November 8.
On the 15th of November an election was
held for Governor, Legislature, State officers,
and Representatives in Congress.
On the 4th of December the Legislature met,
the newly-elected Governor was inaugurated,
and a new State government set in motion.
Bat this State government Congress declared
to be illegal, and it was illegal, as all the other
State governments were which were set up as
permanent Stategovernments under the author-
ity of President Johnson. But, in reply to the
gentleman front Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,]
let me say just here that all the other govern-
ments, provisional in character, set up or rec-
ognized under the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress, are or were just as lawful within the
sphere of their operations as provisional gov-
ernments, as are the permanent State govern-
ments which succeeded them in pursuance of
those acts of Congress. The State government
so set up in Georgia continned in operation,
and while exercising within Georgia its func-
tions the first reconstruction act of March 2,
1867, was passed. This act provided for the
election, under military supervision, of dele-
gates to a convention to frame a new State con-
stitution. What followed we all know, and it
has been summed up by a graphic pen in these
words:
" Under this and supplemental acta an election was
held on the 29th, 30tb. and 31st of October, and the
1st and 2d of November, 1867, for delegates to assem-
ble in convention and to form a constitution. The
delegates then elected assembled in convention at
Atlanta on the 9th day of December, and after fram-
ing a constitution and adopting certain ordinances,
adjourned on the 11th of March, 1868.
"An election for the ratification of the constitution
so framed, for members of a Legislature, Governor,
Ac., was held on the 20th, 21st, 22d, and 23d day* or
April, 1868, [under General Meade's military order of
April 6,1868,] and. resulted in the ratification of the
constitution by a large majority of the voters, and
also in the election of members of the Legislature,
Governor, Ac.
" The result of thin election was proclaimed by the
commander of the district, in General Orders, No. 90,
dated Jane 25,1868."—Governor Bullock'* Metsage,
February 2,1870. (See Senate Eep. Com., No. 192,
•id sess., 40 Cony., p. 5.)
Ilufus B. Bullock was elected Governor and
a Legislature was elected. On the 25th June,
1868, the so-called "omnibus bill," one of the
reconstruction acts, was passed, providing for
the admission to representation in Congress
of North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida at some indef-
inite future time, in the discretion of Congress,
after compliance by their Legislatures with
certain conditions named in it. Ou tho 28th
of June, 1868, in pursuance of power conferred
by the first reconstruction act of March 2,18G7,
the provisional governor in office was removed
by the military uuthority under which he was
appointed, and Rufus B. Bullock was ap-
pointed provisional governor by a military
order, aud by another certain duties were
enjoined on him. 1 will ask the Clerk to
read the orders.
The Clerk read as follows:
[General Orders, No. PI.] j
Headquarters, Third Military District,
(Department of Gkorgia. Florida, and Alabama,)
Atlanta, Ueoegia, June 28, 1868.
In compliance with telegraphic instructions from
the General-in-Chief of the Army the following ap-
pointments and removals are hereby made in this
district:
1. Rufus B. Bullock, Governor-elect,to be Governor 1
of the State of Georgia, vice Brevet Brigadier Gen- ■
oral Thomas H. Ruger, United States Army, relieved.
Theappointuientandreliefto date from July 4,1868,
thedate of assemblage of the Legislature of the State.
2. William M. Smith, Governor-elect, to be Gov-
ernor of the State of Alabama, in place of R. M.
Patton, removed. The appointment and removal
to date from July 13,1868, the date of assemblage of
the Legislature of the State.
3. A. J. Applegate, Lieutenant Govern or-elect, to
be Lieutenant Governor of the State of Alabama, to
date from July 13,1868.
4. On being relieved of his duties as provisional
governor of the State of Georgia, Brevet Briga-
dier General Thomas II. Ruger, colonel thirty-third
infantry, United States Army, will roport at these
headquarters for orders.
By order of Major General Meade:
. R. C. DRUM.
Auitlant Adjutant General.
Official:
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Adjutant General.
[General Orders, No. 98.]
Headquarters, Third Military District,
(Department of Georgia, Florida, and Alabama.)
Atlanta, Georgia, July 3,1868.
Whereas by virtue of the act of Congress which \
became a law June 25, 1868, and the proclamation
of the Governor-elect, issued in conformity there-
with, directing the assembling of the two houses of
the Legislature on the 4th instant; and whereas the
usual mode of organizing legislative bodies is in
this instance impracticable : Therefore it is
Ordered, That Hon. R. B. Iiullock„j3ro visional
fovernor of the State, proceed at twelve m., on the
th instant, to effect such preliminary organization
of both houses of the Legislature as will enable the
same to enter upon the discbarge of the duties as-
signed them by law.
By order of Major General Meade:
R. C. DRUM,
Aisiatant Adjutant General.
Official:
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Adjutant General.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Immediately after this,
on the 4th of July, 1868, the Legislature met
for the purpose, among others, of complying
with the conditions required by the act of June
25, 1868. Now, for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the exact status of Georgia at that time,
whether her Governor, Legislature, and State
officers were then officers of a permanent
corporate State of the Union, or only of an
incnoate territorial or provisional corporate
State, as lawful for its purposes as a territo-
rial or other inchoate State government, I wish
especially, just at this chronological point in
her history, to call special attention to laws then
and yet in force. . The first reconstruction act
of March 2, 1867, made this provision appli-
cable to Georgia:
"Sec. 6. That until the people of the said_ rebel
States shall by law be admitted to representation to
the Congress of the United States, the civil govern-
ments that may exist therein shall be deemed pro-
visional only, and shall be in all respects subject to
the paramount authority of the United States any
time to abolish, modify, control, and supersede the
same."
Mr. MAYHAM. On the 25th of July did
not this House declare that the State had com-
plied with all the requirements of the recon-
struction acts, and was entitled to representa-
tion upon this door?
Mr. LAWRENCE. This House did not so
declare. This House did at a given date admit
Representatives from Georgia; and if the gen-
tleman will do me the honor to give me his
attention during the remainder of my remarks
I will satisfy him that this House cannot admit
a State into this Union.
Mr. MAYHAM. My inquiry is whether tliis
House did not declare that the State had so
conducted itself as to be entitled to represent-
ation upon this floor?
Mr. LAWRENCE. This House has never
made any such declaration, and 1 defy the
gentleman to point me to any such declaration.
Mr. MAYHAM. Did not the House admit
the Representatives from Georgia upon the
theory that the State had complied with the
reconstruction acts?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The House admitted
Representatives lrom Georgia without any con-
sideration at all. It was done in ten min-
utes, without debate, without consideration,
and I will undertake to satisfy the gentleman
that the House, if it had duly considered that
subject, could not by that or by any other act
have restored a reconstructed State to its prac-
tical relations to the Government.
Mr. MAYHAM. Does the gentleman mean
that the House in the Fortieth Congress did
not as carefully consider the reconstruction
acts as the House in the Forty-First Congress
does?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do mean to say that
that act of the House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress was ill-advised and with-
out due consideration, and that this Congress,
by the act of December 22,1869, has expressly
declared that that prior action was illegal.
Is the gentleman answered ?
Mr. MAYHAM. Were the Representatives
from Georgia who sat here in the Fortieth Con-
gress legal or illegal Representatives in this
body?
Mr. LAWRENCE. They were de facto
members from Georgia; but they had- no legal
right here, because a provisional State gov-
ernment can have no Representatives in Con-
gress.
Now let me call the attention of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Mayham] and of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] again to the language of this act of
March 2, 1867. Mark the words of the act:
"The civil State government shall be deemed
provisional only until"—when? Only until a
Governor is elected? No. Only until a Gov-
ernor is inaugurated? No. Only until Rep-
resentatives are admitted to this House? No.
Only until each House of Congress, acting sep-
arately, shall admit members? No. But'* until
the State"—mark the language—"until tho
State shall by law be admitted to representa-
tion in Congress." That is the language—
"Shall by law be admitted to lepresentation
in Congress." Until that time Georgia shall
continue to be a provisional State by the ex-
press terms of the act of March 2, 1867. I do
not say that Senators and Representatives
must be actually admitted in either House, but
the right of the State to representation, not in
one but in both Houses, most be determined,
not by the separate action of each House, but
by law approved by the President.
Mr. FARNSWC>RTH. If I do not inter-
rupt the argument of the gentleman 
Mr. LAWRENCE. You do not interrupt
me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot that act of
Congress be done in advance? Cannot Con-
gress in advance declare that a State shall be
entitled to representation on the 1st of next
July, for instance?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Undoubtedly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well. Cannot
Congress declare that the State of Georgia
shall be entitled to representation when it shall
elect a Governor?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Undoubtedly Congress
can Bay so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In advance?
Mr. LAWR11NCE. Yes.
