1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5487
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, as modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to sug-
gest one amendment to the Senator from Illi-
nois if I can get his attention. I move to strike
out the words " Secretary of the Interior" and
to insert "President of the United States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada accept that modifica-
tion?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir. I have added
another proviso, which I should like to have
read.
Mr. RICE. I wish the Senator would mod-
ify his amendment so as to make the rate of
interest five per cent. I do not think, because
we have the power, we should force these
Indians to take money at four per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported again, as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury he, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place to the
credit of the Choctaw nation or tribe, on the books
of the Treasury, the sum of $1,832,460 86, which shall
bear interest at the rate of four per cent, per annum,
v.'lm-h interest shall be expended for the benefit of
the Indians, and for no other purpose, in such man-
ner as bucIi nation, with the assent of the President
of the United States, shall direct: Provided, That no
assignment or claim upon said fund shall bo recog-
nized.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not in order to
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada further, I believe ; but I think there is
some force in the suggestion of the Sertator from
Arkansas. The Indians are now only to re-
ceive the interest of this money, and it makes
a very considerable difference whether it is
four or five per cent. I think we ought to give
the Indians five per cent. At four per cent,
it amounts to $70,000, and at five per cent, to
$90,000.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, ito ; I would not in-
crease it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think they are enti-
tled to five per cent.; and I would make that
motion, but I believe it is not in order now.
I think, as we place this money to their credit
in the Treasury, we ought to put it at five per
cent.
Mr. WARNER. The suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois and the Senator from Ark-
ansas seems so manifestly just that I hope the
Senator from Nevada will accept it. I do not
know anything about the merits of this claim ;
but supposing the claim itself to be a just
one, I do not know why we should compel
these helpless Indians to take a lower rate of
interest than we are paying anybody else. I
think it ought to be at least four and a half or
live per cent. We do not hope to fund our
debt at a lower rate of interest than four and
a half per cent., and I do not know why we
should compel these Indians to take a less
rate.
Mr. STEWART. This is much more liberal
to these Indians than any proposition that has
ever been made before. This claim has been
worked up and surrounded by resolutions and
treaties until the Senate appear to be pretty
nearly estopped. In 1865 or 1866, when this
treaty was made, the Indians had been at war
with the United States; the treaties had all
been abrogated; but this claim was revived by
a clause in the treaty then made. I do not
think the Indians would have thought of reviv-
ing it then, as stated by the Senator from Ohio.
But the Senators who were going into the re-
bellion secured this award, and they have sur-
rounded it with these various resolutions and
treaties, and so of course there must be a lobby
interest in it. Now, we provide that the In-
dians shall have four per cent, on this large
sum to be appropriated for them. It is true
we do not provide for those persons who have
been fixing it up, and we do not want to do so.
I do not suppose that any Senator wants to
provide for them. The proposition is certainly
very liberal to the Indians. Four per cent, is
as much as we propose to pay hereafter. That
is a good interest for the United States to pay
to anybody. This is dealing very liberally with
the Indians. It is more than they ever dreamed
of getting, and five or six times as much as
they would get if the money was appropriated
and these assignments were recognized.
Mr. WARNER. The answer to the Senator
from Nevada is that this claim is either right or
wrong. If it be an unjust claim, then it ought
to be voted down. If any Senator will show
that this claim is unjust, that it ought not to be
paid, then I am ready to help to vote it down,
and let us have an end of it. There can be no
question about that. No previous action of
Congress can commit us as to how we shall
vote now. If it can be shown that this claim
is a fraudulent one, or an unjust one, then let
us vote it down. But if we are to act upon the
ground that the claim is just and right, if we
admit the debt, as the Senator from Illinois
suggests, we ought to pay as large a rate of
interest upon it as we are obliged to pay other
people, or as we are willing to pay upon our
public debt. I think the provision of the Sen-
ator from Nevada is a wise one to keep this
money out of the hands of sharks and specu-
lators, and to protect the interests of the Indians
in the receipt of the interest in perpetuity;
but I do not think, admitting the claim to be
just, that we ought to force the Indians to
accept so low a rate of interest as four per
cent.
Mr. YATES. I wish to make a single state-
ment. It was a part of the last treaty that was
made with these Indians that they should
abolish slavery. They did abolish slavery, as
a part of the treaty, a part of the considera-
tion, and agreed to allow the Government
transit for railroads across their lands. They
have complied with that treaty. Any Senator
who will examine it will find that it is a part
of the treaty that they were to abolish slavery
and to allow transit across their lands to rail-
roads ; and they have complied with it.
Mr. RICE. I should like to inquire whether
at a subsequent stage of the proceedings in
this case, a change of the rate of interest can
be made from four to five per cent, by a vote
of the Senate? The proposition is in such a
condition now that no further amendments can
be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
when the amendments are reported to the
Senate. The question now is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada, as modi-
fied, to the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
now on the amendment a3 amended.
Mr. RICE. No ; there is an amendment
pending, offered by the Senator from New
York, to strike out the whole of the amend-
ment I offered, and substitute his in place of
it. That amendment is the one now before the
Senate, as I understand it, and I desire to say
a word upon it. It is to appropriate $250,000
in the place of this appropriation. If we are
legislating in behalf of the Ohoctaws, I hardly
think they will thank us if we strike ost the
amendment I have offered for the sake of get-
ting $250,000, as proposed by the amendment
offered by the Senator from New York. I hope
that amendment will be voted down, and then
let us take a vote on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] who has been called out on a
committee of conference, desired me to offer
an amendment to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Nevada as amended. It seems to
me that it is eminently proper and appropri-
ate that it should be passed. It is to add the
following:
And before any portion of the interest shall be paid,
the Choctaw nation shall agree to accept the provis-
ions of this section in full satisfaction of the claims
embraced in the award of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As this is a prop-
osition to add to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada as amended, it is in order.
Mr. POMEROY. It ought to read, "in
full satisfaction of claims under the treaty."
Mr. SPRAGUE. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
garded as modified accordingly.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on striking out and inserting.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The amendment should
read, and I think that idea is conveyed in the
amendment, in accordance with the provisions
of the section or of the amendment of the
Senator from Nevada. We do not want to
refer to the treaty. We simply want to refer
to this amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I think the phraseology should
be " in full payment of all unliquidated claims
against the United States.''1
Mr. STEWART. I like that' better. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is it
Mr. HARLAN. Then let it be taken to
read "in full payment of all unliquidated de-
mands or claims against the United States."
Mr. SPRAGUE. That will do.
The VICE PRESIDENT.- That modifica-
tion will be made.
Mr. DAVIS. I like the language that ia
suggested by the honorable Senator from Iowa,
but the proposition will deprive the Indians of
$250,000, to which they have an indubitable
right; that is, the $250,000 which the United
States Government stipulated to issue bonds
for. I know that that right is controverted by
the honorable Senator from Ohio, in conse-
quence of the passage of the act of 1865, by
which this money due the Indians was appro-
priated to some refugees. If that claim ia
given up by the Indians the rate of interest
ought unquestionably to be five per cent.
There is not a chancellor in America that
would not give the Indians their claim for
$250,000 of bonds. But as Congress contro-
vert that claim with the Indians Congress
ought to do them the justice of allowing them
bonds that will carry an interest of five per
cent.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. In behalf of the
Senator from New York I withdraw his amend-
ment, so far as it relates to striking out and
substituting, and will afterward offer the amend-
ment as a separate section.
Mr. RICE. Let it be offered now.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Very well; I offer
it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Arkansas will be regarded
as agreed to if there be no objection, and the
Senator from Connecticut now moves an addi-
tional section to the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further cnactcd, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorised and
directed to deliver to the proper authorities of the
Choctaw tribe or nation of Indiana the United States
bonds as appropriated for them by the act of Con-
gress approved March 2, 1861, passed in pursuance
of treaty stipulations: Provided, That no interest
shall bo allowed on said bonds which may have
accrued prior to the date of said act appropriating
said bonds to the Choctaw nation of Indians for the
purposes therein stated.
Mr. STEWART. That is Inconsistent with
the amendment the Senate has just adopted.
I will make but one remark upon it. It is not
strange that the House refuse to make appro-
priations to carry out Indian treaties, if under
those treaties such inconsiderate negotiations
are made as are fouud in this treaty. After
these Indians had rebelled, and when we pro-
posed to renew their annuities to them, to
restore friendly relations and take careof them,
Indians who were wealthy, Indians to whom
the Government of the United States paid
heavy annuities, and who were rich—-we not
only renewed our treaty obligations with them,
