1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2655
vania; that was by returning and remaining
in the State for six months, which, under the
law, would again have given a qualification to
vote, if possessed of all other requirements of
the law. And we find further on that the vote
was challenged, but that no attention whatever
was paid to the challenge.
The next vote is that of George S. Repplier,
who voted for contestant in the second division
of the twenty-second ward. This was not his
residence in point of law; he lived in the
eighth ward. (See his testimony, page 307:)
" George S. Repplier, affirmed for incumbent, de-
poses and says:
"I reside at No. 1922 West Rittenhouse square,
eighth ward, Philadelphia. In Uovember I resided
at the same place. In October last I resided at Oak
lane, second division of the twenty-second ward,
Jrom some time in June previous to the October elec-
tion. X voted in that division at the October election.
About four or live days after the October election I
removed to 1922 West liittenbouse square. I voted
at the November election in the eighth ward of the
city of Philadelphia, where my residence is located.
1 have been in the habit of residing in Oak lane, in
the second division of the twenty-second ward, dur-
ing what I call the summer mouths, for the last four
years. I have voted in the second division of the
twenty-second ward before that. I do not remember
whether it was once or twice I voted there. 1 lived
at 1922 West Rittenliousc square seven or eight
months during the year. I consider both places my
domicile. I voted for member of Congress at the
October election. I voted for Caleb N. Taylor."
This was a "social status" colonizer. lie
was but a temporary sojourner in the division.
His domicile was in the eighth ward in the
city, where he spent nine months of the year
and carried on his business. He had rfone of
the animus manendi to constitute him a resi-
dent for the exercise of the franchise. His
vote was clearly illegal. He voted in this dis-
trict at the October election, and I will tell
the House why. It was because his vote there
was more potential than it would have been in
the district of my honorable colleague, [Mr.
0' Nkill,] where lie really resided. And having
voted in this close district at the October elec-
tion, he resumed his actual residence, and at
the November election he voted in the other
district.
Samuel S. White voted for the contestant in
the same division. lie was a non-resident;
his domicile was in the ninth ward.
" Samuel S. White, a witness for incumbent, being
affirmed, says:
"I reside in ninth ward, Philadelphia, at 1G22
Arch street. In November last I resided at 1622
Arch street. In October last I resided at Green lane
and Second street, second division of the twenty-
second ward. I resided there, in the second divis-
ion of the twenty-secomi ward, from aboutthe lstof
J une prior and up to the October election. I voted
at the second division of the twenty-second ward at,
the October election. In the November election I
voted in the ninth ward in the city of Philadelphia.
1 voted for member of Congress at the October elec-
tion. I voted for Caleb N. Taylor for Congress, the
Republican candidate. I moved into the city four
or live days after theOctober election. I never voted
in the second division of the twenty-second ward pre-
vious to the last October election during the three
years I resided there."
He was another "social status" colonizer
and clearly illegal as Repplier. He also lived
in the district of my colleague, Mr. O'Neill,
where the Republican majority was large. It
was not important that he should vote there,
but was much more material that he should
vote in this close district.
The next is George Reilly, fourth division
of the twenty-second ward, who voted for con-
testant. He had no residence there; was chal-
lenged ; no respect was paid to the challenge.
(See testimony ofStadleman and Jones, pages
320, 321:)
"Augustus R. Stadleman, a witness for incumbent,
sworn and examined under the first specification:
"Question. Did a man named Reilly vote at that
division at that election?
''Answer. He did.
"Question. Do you know his first name >
"Answer. I cannot swear to his first name, but 1
think it was George. Mr. Edwin T. Jones challenged
his vote on the grounds that he was a resident of |
Bucks county. , , , ~ '
"Question. Was he asked to produce a voucher for
his residence? „ , , . ,,,
"Annoer. He was not. He was not sworn himself
as to his residence. . ,
"Question. Then no notice was taken of the chal-
lenge of the right of George Reilly to vote?
"Answer. There wasnot. ThevoteofGeorgeReilly
was taken and put in the box. I could not swear to
it, but I am most certain he voted the Republican
ticket.
"Question. Why do you suppose he voted the Re-
publican ticket?
"Answer. Because he and I had many good sneets
together, and I knew him to be a Republican, and
he voted the ticket with a Republican heading.
"Question. Do you know of your own knowledge
how George Reilly voted at the October election ?
"Answer. I do not know any further than the
heading of his ticket, and further, that he thinks a
Democrat is not an honest man, and so forth."
Edwin T. Jones, a citizen, testifies that be
challenged this vote, and that it was received,
and no attention was paid to his legal objection
to the reception of this vote.
The next vote counted for the contestant,
which, in my judgment, is clearly illegal, is that
of Joseph Applin, who voted for the contestant
in the fifth division of the twenty-second ward ;
voted on age ; was over twenty-two years old j
had paid no taxes. (Pages 322 and 323:)
"Joseph Applin, a witness for incumbent, sworn
and examined.
" Cross-examined by contestant's counsel:
" Question. When you say that you believe you
were between the ages of twenty-one and twenty-two
at the last October election did you so answer lion-.
estly, to the best of your knowledge and belief?
" Ansioer. I believe I said I was over twenty-one
years of age, and perhaps twenty-two.
" Question. When you say that you are now twenty-
two years of age, to the best of your knowledge, you
mean that you were twenty-two at your last birth-
day, in January?
Answer. I mean that I was twenty-two years old
in January, 1868."
Under the laws of Pennsylvania if he was
between twenty-one and twenty-two years of
age'he had a right to vote on age, without any
qualification as to the payment of taxes; but
as he was above the age of twenty-two years,
he was by law required to pay taxes in order
to be a voter, which he never did. His vote
was clearly illegal.
John H. Bndd, second division of the twenty-
third ward, (page 326,) voted for the contest-
ant. He had not been assessed anywhere for
three years; and no tax being assessed against
him in this division, the receipt he voted on
was a fraudulent tax receipt.
The law provides that:
" It shall not be lawful for any collector of taxes
in any township, ward, or district, nor for any other
person on his or their behalf, to receive payment or
give any receipt for the payment of taxes that have
not been duly assessed." (Act 27th May, 1801, eighth
section, Pamphlet Laws, 402.)
Then follows the penalty for so doing, &c.
It is clear to my mind that his vote was
illegal. The majority of the committee reject
4 votes given to incumbent on precisely the
same ground. (See their report, bottom of
page 8.)
The next vote to which I object stands on
the same ground. It is the vote of Robert
Henry, same division, same ward, (page 328,)
who voted for contestant on a tax receipt ob-
tained in a division and ward where he was not
assessed; and if not assessed there he could not
pay tax there.
John Gardner, second division twenty-third
ward, (page 327,) voted on minor's natural-
ization papers and for the contestant, and was
over eighteen years of age when he came to
this country. He was not entitled to his
papers. I quote his evidence:
"John Gardner, awitnessforincumbcnt, examined
under the seventeenth specification of incumbent,
sworn, deposes and says:
" I reside in second division, twenty-third ward,
near Bustleton; i resided there at the last October
election ; I voted at the last October election at that
poll: I am not a native of this country; I was born
at Lancashire, England; I came to this country
August, 1850; Lam thirty-five years of age; I was
born in 1837; I was under twenty years old when I
came to this country, to the best of my recollection;
I was a little over eighteen years old when I came to
this country. I am a naturalized citizen of this
country; I was naturalized in 1860."
Mr. Carrigan states that witness produces
naturalization paper issued from the court of
quarter sessions, county of Philadelphia, bear-
ing date October 20, A. D. I860, which paper
is a duplicate of naturalization paper of the
above date, said duplicate bearing date Sep-
tember 28, 1868, which paper states, "that
including the three years of his minority he
had resided within the limits and under the
jurisdiction of the United States."
William Cook, of the same division, same
ward, voted for contestant. He was a minor,
(page 330.) I cite the testimony in regard to
him:
"William Cook, a witness for incumbent, (exam-
ined under sixteenth specification,) sworn, deposes,
and says:
"I reside in Bell's Corner, on the Bustleton pike,
twenty-third ward. I lived at same place at last
October election. I voted at said election. I voted
at Bustleton. I was not assessed. I did not pay any
tax previous to that election. I lived there three
years previous to the October election. I was twenty-
one years old last May. I was born May 28,1848. I
voted for Caleb N. Taylor for Congress at that elec-
tion.
" Cross-examined:
"I voted on age. I was twenty-one when I voted.
I am sure of that.
" Question. Yousaid on your examination-in-chicf
that you was born May 28,1848; you now say that
you are positive that you were twenty-one the time
you voted; did you or did you not, therefore, make
a mistake in saying you were born in 1848?
*' (Objected to by Air. Carrigan, beeause when the
counsel for incumbent was asked to reduce the ques-
tion to writing it was putin thelanguage first asked,
leaving out the following words, to wit: 'You will
perceive that this makes you but twenty years old.')
"Answer. Yes, sir; 1 was born in 1847. I have no
doubt whatever of that.
"Reexamined:
"Question. Whatmadeyousay you were born May
28,1848?
"Answer. So my father says. I know nothing about
my age except what my father says."
His vote was clearly illegal. He was but
twenty years old when he voted.
Thomas Clayton, of the same township, voted
for the contestant. He had not been in the
State a year after he became a citizen; lived
in New Jersey during his alienage:
" Thomas Clayton, a witness produced, sworn, and
examined on the part of incumbent, deposes and says
as follows:
"Que^ion.Wheredidyoureside and vote at the last
October election ?
"Answer. In Lower Makefield township, Bucks
county.
"Question. When did you lastmove into this State,
and where from?
"Answer. Imoved into Pennsylvania tbislast April
a year, in thcyear 18(58; 1 moved from Greensburg,
New Jersey; I had lived thero about four years; I
lived in this State since April 1, 1868; I am a for-
eign-born citizen; I was born in Ireland; I was
naturalized sinco last year, sincol lived in Pennsyl-
vania. (Paper produced issued from the court of
common pleas of Bucks county, dated the 21st day
of September, A. D. 1868, with the signature of R. P.
Scheetz, prothonotary, and the seal of said court
affixed.) I was not told before 1 voted that my paper
was not right. I voted in that town&hip, Lower
Makefield, at the last October election.
" Question. What ticket did you vote ?
"Answer. I cannot read; do notknow what ticket
itwas: I thought it was the Republican ticket; Wil-
liam Iiirkman gave me the ticket I voted; Kirkuian
was my employer; he took me to the election; I did
not want to go; I did not go because I did not want
to vote, and I was told not to vote.
"Question. What are the politics of William Kirk-
man?
"(ObJ eeted to by counscl for the contestant upon tho
ground that it is competent for the ineumbent to pro-
duce said Kirkman and find out from him what his
polities are, he being within the jurisdiction of this
court.)
"Answer. He is a Republican, I think; he loaned
me thirty dollars upon the condition I would vote,
and then discharged me because I would not vote
the Republican ticket at the presidential election in
November; IvotcdthoDcmocraticticket inNovem-
ber; that is tho reason he discharged me; I had a
family, and we almost starved before I oould get
work. I cannot recollcctwh:>t questions were asked
me when I was naturalized; do not know what I
swore to.
"Question. Did you swear atthe timeyou were nat-
uralized that you had lived one year in the State of
Pennsylvania immediately before you were natural-
ized ?
"Answer. No, sir; they did not ask me."
He had no right to vote, clearly.
George Lott, third division, twenty-third
ward, voted for the contestant. He had no
residence there, (page 338:}
"George S.Lott.awitn ess forincumbent,(examined
under eighteenth specification,) sworn, deposes and
"I reside at 902 Pine street, Philadelphia, seventh
ward. X took-my meals and slept, except Saturday
evenings and Sundays, at 902 Pine street, Philadel-
phia, at and before the October election. I was as-
sessed in the third precinct, twenty-third ward. I
was not assessed no other place to the best of my
knowledge- My place of business is No. 329 Market
