1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Latos of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
seventy, the clerical force in the office of said
Commissioner shall be as in this section author-
ized.
For twenty-eight watchmen for the general
service of the 1 nterior Department building,
and all the bureaus therein, to be allotted to
day or night service, as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct, fourteen thousand four
hundred dollars; and section seven of the act
of April ten, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
creating the office of superintendent of the
Interior Department, is hereby repealed.
For stationery, furniture, books, and maps
for library, and for miscellaneous items, nine
thousand dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing
congressional journals and documents, and
compiling the Biennial liegister, including the
salary of the superintendent of public docu-
ments, seven thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Interior Depart-
ment building, ten thousand dollars.
For fuel, lights, and salary of the engineer
and assistant engineer, eighteen thousand dol-
lars.
For rent of building on Gr street, corner of
Eighth street, from the first day of July, eight-
een hundred and seventy, until the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, at
an annual rental of not exceeding ten thou-
sand dollars, to be determined by tiie Secre-
tary of the Interior, such sum as may bo
necessary is hereby appropriated.
For the General Land Office.
There shall be paid out of the unexpended
balances heretofore appropriated, as follows:
for Commissioner of the General Land Office,
recoider, chief clerk, three principal clerks
of public lauds, three clerks of class four,
twenty-three clerks of class three, forty clerks
of class two, forty clerks of class one, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, two messengers,
three assistant messengers, at seven hundred
and twenty dollars each, two packers, seven
laborers, employed in his office—iu all, one
hundred and seventy-one thousand seven hun-
dred and eighty dollars; also for compensa-
tion of additional clerks in the General Land
Office, viz: for one principal clerk, as direct-
or, one clerk of class three, four clerks of
class two, thirty-five clerks of class one, and
two laborers, fifty-two thousand six hundred
dollars ; also for cash system, maps, diagrams,
stationery, funfiture, and repairs of the same ;
miscellaneous items, including two of the city
newspapers, to bo tiled, bound, and preserved
for the use of the office, advertising and tel-
egraphing; miscellaneous items on account
of bounty lands and military patents, and con-
tingent expenses under the swamp land act,
ten thousand dollars—making a total appro-
priated for the General Land Office ot two
hundred and thirty-four thousand three hun-
dred and sixty dollars; and the remaining
balance, if any there be, shall be, and hereby
is, covered into the Treasury of the United
States, and shall be disbursed only upon a
specific appropriation.
Indian Office.
F
Ind
class four, seven clerks of class three, five
clerks of class two—in all, twenty-eight thou-
sand six Fiundred dollars.
Temporary clerks:
Fu! one clerk of class three, seven clerks
oi class two, twelve clerks of class one, and
four female copyists, at nine hundred dollars
each—m all, twenty-nine thousand four bun-
dled dollars.
For one messenger, one assistant messen-
ger, at seven hundred and twenty dollars, and
one lanorer—in all, two thousand two hun-
dred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
idian Affairs, chief clerk, three clerks of
For blank books, bir.ding, stationery, fuel,
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two
city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and pre-
served for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
Pension Office.
For compensation of Commissioner of Pen-
sions, chief clerk, twenty-two clerks of class
four, forty-eight clerks of class three, seventy-
six clerks of class two, seventy clerks of class
one, nine female copyists at nine hundred dollars
each, one messenger, five assistant messengers,
at seven hundred and twenty dollars each ; and
five laborers in his office—in nil, three hun-
dred and twenty-seven thousand nine hundred
and forty dollars.
For stationery, engraving, and retouching
plates for bounty-land warrants, printing and
binding the same, office I'urnituie, and repair-
ing the same, and miscellaneous items, includ-
ing two daily newspapers, to be filed, bound,
and preserved for the use of the office, and for
detection and investigation of fraud, fifty thou-
sand dollars; three filths of which sum maybe
expended for the last, specified object.
United States Patent Office.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
the Patent Office, four thousand five bundled
dollars ; for one assistant commissioner, to be
appointed by the President, by ami with the
advice and consent of the Senate, who shall
act as Commissioner in case of the death, res-
ignation, absence, or sickness of the Commis-
sioner, and shall perform such other duties as
may be assigned to him by the Commissioner,
three thousand dollars; for chief c.lerk, two
thousand five hundred dollars ; three exatn-
iuers-iu-chief, atthree thousand dollars each ;
twenty-two principal examiners, at two thou;
sand five hundred dollars each; twenty-one
first assistant examiners, at eighteen hundred
dollars each; twenty-one second assistant ex-
aminers^ at sixteen hundred dollars each, two
of whom may be females; one librarian, eight
een hundred dollars; one machinist, one thou-
sand six hundred dollars; five clerks of class
four, si£ clerks of class three, forty-live clerks
of class two, and forty clerks of class one—
making in all two hundred and seventy-eight
thousand four hundred dollars.
For twelve permanent clerks, at one thou-
sand dollars each, twelve thousand dollais.
E'er ten permanent clerks, at nine hundred
dollars each, nine thousand dollars.
For two skilled draughtsmen, as twelve hun-
dred dollars each, two thousand four hundred
dollars.
For fifteen copyists of drawing:;, at one thou-
sand dollars each, fifteen thousand dollars.
For fifty-one female copyists, at nine hun-
dred dollars each, forty five thousand lime
hundred dollars.
For one messenger and purchasing clerk,
one thousand dollars.
For one skilled laborer, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For ten skilled laborers, at nine hundred
dollars each, nine thousand dollais.
For thirty laborers, a't seven hundred and
twenty dollars each, twenty-one thousand six
hundied dollars.
For six laborers, at six hundred dollars each,
three thousand six hundred dollars.
For contingent and miscellaneous expenses
of the Patent Office, namely: for Jiustrations
of annual report, stationery for use of office,
furniture, repairing, papering, painting, ice,
advertising, books lor library, moneys refunded,
printing engiaved patent-Leads, international
exchanges, plumbing, gas fitting, extia labor
on indexes and ab-,Liacts for annual reports, j
fitting rooms over porticos, temporary clerks
laborers, and draughtsmen, and other contin
geaeies, ninety thousand dollars: Provided.
That 110 moneys shall be paid to the chief jus
tice or associate justices of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, upon any appeal
to either of them from the decision of the Com-
missioner of Patents; and section two of the
act of August thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, is hereby repealed.
For printing or photographing, or otherwise
producing copies of drawings, for uso of office
and for sale, fifty thousand dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of surveyor general of
Louisiana, two thousand dollars.
For clerks in his office, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Florida, two thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in his office, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of surveyor general of
Minnesota, two thousand dollars, and the clerks
ni his oliice, six thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
For surveyor general of the Territory of
Dakota, two thousand dollars, and the clerks
in his office, six thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
For surveyor general of Kansas, two thou-
sand dollars, and the clerks in his office, six
thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of extra clerks in repla-
cing the township plats, descriptive sheets, and
so forth, of the land office at Topeka, Kansas,
destroyed by the burning of that office, five
tliousaud dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
For surveyor general of Colorado, three
thousand dollars, and for the clerks in lv.s
office, four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of New Mexico, three
thousand dollars, and for clerks in his officc,
four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of California and Ari-
zona, three thousand dollars, and for clerks in
his office, eleven thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Idaho, three thou-
sand dollars, and for clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Nevada, three thou-
sand dollars, and for the clerks in his office,
four thousand dollars.
For surveyor genera! of Oregon, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars, and for the clerks
in his office, four thousand dollars.
For purveyor general of Washington Terri-
tory, two thousand five hundred dollars, and
for the clerks in liia office, four thousand dol-
lars.
For surveyor general of Nebraska and Iowa,
two thousand dollars, and for the clerks in his
office, six thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general ot Montana, three thou-
sand dollars, and for the clerks in his office,
four thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Utah Territory,
three thousand dollars, and for the clerks in
his office, four thousand dollars.
For salary of United States lecordei of land
titles at. St. Louis, Missouri, five hundred dol-
lais.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of the Territory of Wyoming, three thousand
dollars, and the clerks in his office, four thou-
sand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OP AGItlCULTL'IIK.
For compensation of Commissioner of Agri-
culture, three thousand dollars ; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars; entomologist, two tliou-
saud dollais; chemist, two thousand dollars ;
assistant chemist, sixteen hundred dollais ;
superintendent of experimental gardens and
grounds, two thousand dollar,-^; statistician,
two thousand dollars ; disbursing clerk, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; superintend-
ent of seed room, one thousand eight bundled
dollars ; librarian, one thoas-md eight hundred
dollars : botanist, one thousand four hundred
