1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
he refers is all the creation of his imagination
from the prejudices of those from whom he
thinks he has obtained reliable information.
Most of this island is fast land, and those who
have been upon and examined it know this
fact. The back channel, of which mention has
been made, will require very little deepening
to make it of sufficient depth to accommodate
the largest iron-clad vessels now under the
jurisdiction of the Navy Department. The
bottom of this back channel, like that of the
Delaware river in front of League Island, is of
mud, the best bottom for a river where a navy-
yard is located; for a rocky bottom tears off the
metal sheeting upon the vessels and does them
other damage. The Delaware river in front of
League Island has a depth of twenty-four feet
at low water, and the back channel some six-
teen feet.
In reply to the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin I will say further that I know something
about this locality, for League Island is in the
congressional district which I have the honor
to represent. It is not an unhealthy location.
It is healthy. The people in that neighborhood
are among the healthiest of my constituents.
It is not the low, uncultivated land he describes
it to be. It is not a mere reclaimed marsh. If
he will refer to the reports on file in the Navy
Department he will find just the contrary to be
the case, and he will ascertain that the Thirty-
Ninth Congress was fully informed of all the
excellencies and conveniences of the location
of the island when it was accepted. More than
four hundred acres of the ground have been
used as farm lands. Nearly two hundred and
fifty acres have been so used for over one hun-
dred and sixty years and are cultivated farms ;
and upon two hundred more for sixty years
crops have been grown, and everything that
can be raised by an agriculturist has been raised
there as successfully as upon the finest land in
Wisconsin or any other State.
I know these facts. The location is healthy.
The ground is fast ground. It is good farming
land. It is not a mere mud-bank. There have
been some accretions, as must necessarily have
been the case; but the main portion of the
island, some four hundred and fifty of the six
hundred acres, is as good farming land as is
cultivated in the most fertile regions of our
country.
I wish to state a further fact, of which per-
haps the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs [Mr. Sooi'ield] was not cognizant, and
that is this: the land upon which the present
navy-yard is now located consists of some
twenty acres in the built-up portion of the city
of Philadelphia, and it was valued by the
board of tax revision of the city one year ago
at $3,500,000. That is the amount of money
the Government will secure for the construc-
tion of the new yard.
Mr. DAVIS. Is not that land growing more
valuable every day ?
Mr. O'NEILL. Well, sir, that may be, but
the Navy Department now proposes that we
transfer the Philadelphia navy-yard to League
Island, and if we pass the bill beforeus wo not
only authorize the transfer but provide for the
sale of the old location.^ We believe it worth
$3,500,000, and by passing the bill we put the
Government in the way of selling this valuable
property, thus realizing for it an amount which
will go far in balancing such appropriations as
this Congress and its successors may make for
League Island. We are actually and in effect
taking nothing from the Treasury. The bill
does not suggest an appropriation-at this time
but a transfer. The friends of League Island
will of course urge the establishment upon it
of such a naval station as will command the
admiration of the world, and will when com-
pleted be unsurpassed in its construction as
well as in its most wonderful location. This gift
of the city of Philadelphia is priceless to the
Government, and when we have by just and
liberal appropriations finished our great naval
station for iron-dads the country will be proud
of its work and rejoice that the Thirty-Ninth
Congress accepted the munificent offer of these
six hundred and more acres.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask my colleague to yield
to me.
Mr. SCOFIELD. After the previous ques-
tion has been seconded I shall have an hour,
and I propose to yield one half of it to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawbs]
to oppose the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the House not to
compel me, after they have put me where I con-
sider it to be incumbent upon me to impart
information to the House, to speak subject to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, he holding
the floor and farming it out. I ask the House to
let me have the floor on my own account. I do
not propose to enter into any struggle in refer-
ence to League Island, but I have information
which I desire to submit to the House. I do
not, however, wish to speak under the pressure
of the previous question. If the House does
not give me the floor in my own right I do not
know that I shall take it at all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I have
every confidence in the merit of this legislation,
and am not afraid of the fullest discussion. Of
course I will not attempt to press the question
after the solemn protest of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman can yield the
floor to me and the subject can go over until
the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. SCOFIELD. My only object is to secure
the early passage of this bill. I do not pro-
pose unnecessarily to limit the debate. I sup-
pose that an hour more was all that could be
desired. I will accept the suggestion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts and will now
yield to my colleague, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I am glad
that the gentleman who has charge of this bill
has yielded to the appeal of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] I, for one, am
free to say that if League Island will not bear
every sort of test which can be applied, and
show that it is the most advantageous place
for an iron-clad navy-yard, I would not press
seriously any claim I have heretofore made in
behalf of that location. It seems to me that
an undue feeling has been excited in reference
to this subject. True, the Representatives from
Philadelphia and from other portions of Penn-
sylvania have a natural anxiety On the subject
of this change of location.
■ I fear, sir, that there is an attempt brewing
to excite a prejudice between the two'sections
of the country as to which shall have an iron-
clad navy-yard. No such prejudice should
exist. If it be located in the East it will be
of as much material importance to the West
as to the East. I think, too, in reference to
League Island, it is a most material point that
not one dollar will be needed for this transfer.
All that is asked is authority for the removal
of the material from the old location to the
new one : and that has been recommended by
the executive department of the Government
and by both branches of Congress as the best
location for an iron-elad navy-yard. In my
belief the land now occupied by the navy-yard
will sell for enough to pay all the expenses of
locating the navy-yard at League Island. It
may be that the sale will realize a sum of
money largely in excess of the expenditure.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As tfie time for the con-
sideration of this bill is about expiring I desire
to yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawf.s.'J
Mr. RANDALL. I should have liked a little
more time. My being stopped now makes my
remarks somewhat disjointed.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over.
order oj business.
Mr. JUDD. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to call up the motion heretofore en-
tered to reconsider the vote by which the bill
to apportion the representation among the sev-
eral States was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to bring up
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House yesterday recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction the bill with respect to
the admission of Virginia.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. The pension appropriation bill was
made a special order to be considered in Com-
mittee of th  Whole to-day. My inquiry is
whether I have a right to move that the House
do now go into Committee of the Whole on
that bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would have
the right to do so if he had the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say this
to my colleague, [Mr. Judd,] that there are
a very large number of persons here from Vir-
ginia interested in the admission of that State.
It is a matter which has been before the com-
mittees of the two Houses ever since Congress
opened; and it seems to me that the gentleman
should not antagonize this measure with the
other question which he proposes to bring up.
Mr. JUDD. I do not desire to antagonize
the apportionment bill with that for the admis-
sion of Virginia. I am as anxious for speedy
action on the latter question as my colleague
can be, and I consent to yield to him, giving
notice that when the Virginia bill is disposed
of I shall call up again the motion with refer-
ence to the apportionment bill.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say that it was dis-
tinctly understood yesterday that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] should not
press any motion with regard to the bill for the
admission of Virginia until the pension appro-
priation bill, which had been set down as a
special order for to-day after the morning hour,
had been disposed of. I hope the gentleman
will allow us to dispose of that small appro-
priation bill, and he can thereafter take up the
Virginia bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for
that purpose, and I will state the reason why.
The pension appropriation bill stands on the
same footing as the other appropriation bills.
There is no necessity for its immediate pas-
sage, for the money is not to be expended until
the next fiscal year begins ; whereas as regards
Virginia we are standing here keeping a State
out of the Union and its representatives from
participation in the legislation of the country.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the pension appropriation bill was made the
special order after the morning hour for
Wednesday. That can be only cut off by a
privileged motion.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will not insist on proceeding with the
Virginia bill until the pension appropriation
bill is disposed of.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must insist.
duties on a ciiurcii organ.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 798) refunding the
duties paid on the organ of the Church of the
Holy Family, Chicago, Illinois; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
congressional printing.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 799) relative to the
congressional printing ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
payment op pensions.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent^ intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 800) repealing all
former laws in regard to paying pensions, ancl
to provide for their payment in future; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
