5488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
but renewed this old claim without bringing it
up before the House, and condoned all the
depredations they had committed. We woald
not have treated white men in Such a way.
We never treated any of the rebels in any such
way, condoning for the past and agreeing to
do it by a treaty stipulation;
It seems to me it would have been perfectly
fair to have left this out in making a now treaty,
ii ud only agreed to pay them their annuities in
future, and let this claim come before Congress
not bound up by a treaty, so that both Houses
could view it aud see if there should be relief
granted. They should have been perfectly free
to treat this ciaim then as they would treat a
claim of any other people who had rebelled.
I think it was a great responsibility that the
Senate took when they undertook to impose
this obligation to pay the old claims of these
Indians who have rebelled, amounting to mil-
lions of dollars. I think it was a grave respons-
ibility, and it is not to be wondered at that the
House of Representatives take issue with the
Senate upon questions of this kind if we are to
continue to involve the United States in such
obligations.
But I cannot find a good answer to this prop-
osition, and consequently I do not feel at lib-
erty to oppose it altogether after what the Senate
has done. The House can do as it pleases. X
want the Senate to be consistent; but if this
money is to be appropriated I want it to go to
the Indians, to go to their benefit. The amend-
ment just adopted by the Senate will appro-
priate it for the benefit of the Indians. Let the
Senate keep its faith. The House can do as
it pleases; but the Senate is undoubtedly in a
position where, if it is to carry out its treaty, it
should make an appropriation, or at least I am
unable to find a reason why it should not; but
I do want this money to go directly to the
Indians. The amendment suggested by the
Senator from New York is inconsistent with
the one we have already adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to appeal
to the Senateto vote on this proposition. Here
we are at three o'clock, andonly two days left,
two short days to transact the whole business
yet remaining, and on this very bill I have re-
ceived notice of some two or three score of
amendments to be offered which will occupy
from this time until Saturday night, unless the
Senate make up their mind to vote without
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator irom Con-
necticut.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I call for a division.
Mr. CORBET!' and others. What is the
question?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
amended the bill by declaring that $1,800,000
shall be placed to the credit of these Indians
on the books of the Treasury Department, and
the Senator from Connecticut now moves as
an additional section what will be read.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. _ I believe that this
is an obligation which this Government owes,
just as clearly, just as righteously as I owed
any debt which 1 ever contracted.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 19.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I call for the yeas and
nays. Here we are to vote away nearly two
million dollars as an amendment to this bill,
without knowing what we are doing; for I
must confess I do not understand this amend-
ment., whether it is just or unjust, whether the
United States Government owes this money or
not. I think, if this is a just debt which the
Government owes these Indians, it should
corae up on its own merits, and not be tacked
on to this bill. The Senator from Arkansas
attempted to tack it on the Indian appropria-
tion bill, but withdraw it then. If there bo
any justice in this ease let it come up and sKnd
on its own merits, and not be tacked on to the
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Davis,
Drake, Harlan. Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, Mc-
Donald, Nyo. Pratt, Sawyer, Soott, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thayer. Tipton, Viekers, Willey, and Yates—20.
It AYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Carpenter. Chand-
ler, Cole, Corbett, Fowler, Gilbert.Itamilton of'Toxas,
Hamlm, Howard, Howoll, Morrill of Maine, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Boss, Schurz, Spraguoi Stew-
art, Trumbull. Warner, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Casserly, Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Ed-
munds.rrenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Harris, Howe, Lewi?, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norton, Patterson, 3*00], Ramsey, Revels, Bice,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer, Thurman, and Wil-
liams—2!).
So the amendment of Mr. Buckingham was
rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of line four hun-
dred and forty-four, 011 page 19. The amend-
ment comes from the Committee on Commerce,
and the chairman of the Committee 011 Appro-
priations has 110 objection to it:
For building a light-house on Barber's Poin t, Lake
Champlain, New York, $15,000.
For building a light-houso on Bluff Point, Volkair
Island, hake Champlain, $15,000.
This is in accordance with an estimate and
recommendation from the Light House Board.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the question on
the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Rich.] There has been no question put
to the Senate as to the passage of that amend-
ment. The amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, and rny amendment have been voted
011; but the question upon the original amend-
ment has never been taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Fexton] withdrew
his proposition to strike out and insert, the
Chair then stated that if there was no objection
the amendment would be regarded as agreed to.
If the Senator from Rhodelsland objected 
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to ask tor the yeas
and navs on that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Rhode Island states that he objected to the
proposition. After the withdrawal by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut on behalf of the Senator
from New York of the motion to strike out
and insert, the Chair stated that if there was
no objection the amendment would be regarded
as agreed to. The Senator from Rhode Island
states that he objected in time, and therefore
he has the right to demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
my amendment to be acted on, now that it has
been read?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us dispose of this
question.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wantthisqucstionsettled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island demands the yeas aud nays on
the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas
relative to the Choctaw claim.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Is the amendmentamendable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to add $250,000 more
to the sum named. That is the amount which
the Government of the United States owes the
Choctaw Indians. It isa short and plain story.
The Government of the United States under-
took to sell the lands of the Choctaw Indians
in 1830. They agreed that after paying all the
expenses of the sale they would, account to
the Indians for the net proceeds. The net
proceeds amounted to $2,300,000. There was
a, stipulation afterward made, by which the
Government agreed to pay the Indians $250,-
000 in cash, which was paid, and to issue
§250,000 in bonds, which have never been
issued ; but it was provided, when the law di-
rected those bonds to be issued and that money
to bo paid, that it should be credited upon the
$2,300,000. A proposition now to securetothe
Indians a credit upon the books of the Treas-
ury of $1,800,000 would exclude the $250,000
which they were to have had in bonds, and
which they have never had.
• My amendment is to add to the $1,800,000
named in the proposition of the Senator from
Arkansas $250,000, the amount of bonds which
the Government stipulated to issue to them,
and which have never been issued, and it will
then be liquidating the entire amount of debt
due by the Government to the Choctaws, and
iL would not secure them a dollar besides. My
proposition is that the $250;000 of bonds shall
not be left out to be a prey to speculators
and attorneys, but that they shall go with the
$1,800,000, and all be entered as an aggregate
credit to the Indians upon the books of the
Treasury, and thej' receive interest on the
whole sum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say one
word about this proposition to add 3250,000.
I have no doubt about the proposition, in a
general way, that it is akin to the one that we
have already defeated. I voted against it a
few moments ago, on the ground that it was
not in harmony with the rule which you had
adopted in putting this money to the credit of
the Indians on the books of the Treasury.
Now, I understand tho honorable Senator to
put this in harmony with the main proposition
to pto.ee the whole of it on the books of the
Treasury.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I under-
stand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the amount $250,000.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the _ yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Fowler, Harlan, Howe,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, XvlcCreery, McDonald,
Morrill of Maino, Osborn, Pratt, Rico, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Stewart, Stockton. Sumner, Thayer,
Thurman, Viekers, Warner, Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Boroman, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Colo. Conkling, Edmunds, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin,Harris. Howard, Howell, Nye, Pome-
roy, Robeitsou.Ross, Soott, Sprague, Trumbull, and
Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Aiithony, Brownlow,
Cattell, Corbett, Fenton. Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Norton, Patterson, Pool. Ramsey, Revels, Schurz,
Sherman, Spencer, and Tipton—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
asrreed to.
"The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon the amendment as amended, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to alter the
phraseology of the amendment offered by the
Senatorfrom Rhode Island, [Mr. Spragtte.] I
think it is not quite broad enough. " Unliqui-
dated claims," is its language. This shall be
in full satisfaction of all unliquidated claims.
The claim we have just put in was a liquidated
one.
Mr. DAVIS. That amendment is right. We
satisfy every claim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to make it
read " all unliquidated claims and claims grow-
ing out of the net proceeds of land," go as to
have it full.
Mr. DAVIS. That is right.
Mr. HARLAN. That would be right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to insert after
"unliquidated claims" the words "and claims
growing out of the net proceeds of the sale3
of lands."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
to the amendment.
_Mr. BAYARD. I should wish to vote for
this amendment per se, but not as an accom-
paniment to this bill. It seems to mo perfectly
plain that there is an obligation of national
honor attaching to this measure which ought to
be fulfilled according to the American code,
and that means in full. But I respectfully sub-
mit to the Senate, and to the honorable Sen-
