2656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
street. I voted at the last Octobor election in the
third division, twenty-third ward, - X had my Sunday
board there and bad my washing done there during
the whole summer season previous to tlio October
election. I continued my Sunday meals in tho third
division, Twonty-third ward, alter the October elec-
tion. I always get my washing done there. I was
horn July 24,1S46, I was past twenty-two years old
when I voted in the third division, twenty-third
ward, at the last Octobcr elect ion. I have been sleep-
ing and taking my meals at 902 Pine street about four
or five months up to the present tiuio •, before that at
9-J6North Second street, for about four or five months.
rIho year before, at the October election, 1S67,1 took
mv raoals and slept at No.bl* Chestnut street, Phila-
delphia. I voted at that election on age, nttheoorner
of Sixth and Jayno streets, m the city of Philadel-
phia. My residence was there at that. time. At the
last November election I voted m the third division
of twenty-third ward. My business was m the city
0t'fl(|)"esfiolI!1In 1807, at tho October election, when
you voted on age, in die city of Philadelphia, did you
tnko your Sunday meals and get your washing done
in tho third division, twcnty-thiid ward?
" Amttoer. No, sir.
" Question. Did you take your Sunday meals and
got your washing dono in the third division, twenty-
third ward, i or the purposcof voting there at the last
October election? .
An.svwi\ Yes, sir: and claimed.that as my bona
fi'le residence. I voted for Oaleb N. Taylor for mem-
ber of Congress at tho last Octobor election.
"Cross-examined:  
"Hived with myfather in the third division,twenty-
third ward, in his house, at thetimo of tho election.
1 am a single man. I considered my father s house
my residence at that time. 1 intended to mako it
my residence when 1 vent there.
tkReexamined:   .
" *'y lather resided in third division, twenty-tbird
ward, in 1S07; at that time 1 did not consider my
father's- house my re«id«nico. My place ot business
at that time was 017 Chestnut fdroet. f took my
ineaN at tho sumo place. At the time 1 took my
>uuudny infills at iny father's I intended to mako bis
house my residence.
" Iteoi-oss-oxauiinod: .
"J a la not in business tor nivseft. I am salesman
for A. 11. Snyder & Brotheis."
Ills vole was clearly illegal. Under like
circumstances of residence, in 18G7, he voted
in tlio city at the October election of that year
on :igp. He was really a " colonizer" in the
third division ot' the twenty-third ward.
William T. Blaken, same township, voted for
tho contestant. Ho was a non-resident; in
1807 and November, 1808, the presidential
election, voted in Philadelphia, (pages338,309.)
" William Blaken, a-witness for iiiciimhent, (ex-
amiucd under tho twenty-second specification,)
afarmcd, deposes and snya: .
•' i reside No. Oil Arch street, Philadelphia 1 have
Hvul thero since the 14th orlotU ot November, IbbS;
before that X lived at Ninth and Filbort. I consid-
ered that my residence for some time after the Octo-
ber election. X had been staying therewith a friend
pome time before the Octobcr election. I stayed with
thnt friend after the October election at the same
vhn-c X Uvcd in Attlehoro, Middletown township,
Lucks county, before I li red at Ninth nijd Gilbert. I
wont to mylViend\s;jt Ninth and Filborf in tho month
of ApriU&i8. I have ar:ijed there until I changed my
residence to Philmlclphifi. .
" Question., htatcliowlongyou rein;uncd withyonr
frien'd nt Ninth and Filbert atu-r the month ot April,
^*kn«wr. T remained there unlit some time in
November. J was employed at No. i Arch street,
from April to November, 186$. lain a single man. 1
voted in Attleboro, Middletown town.-htp, Bucks
county, at thclast October election. I voted tor Caleb
N. Taylor for member of Con^res^. J am twenty-
three years old since October last.
"Cross-examined: _ , _ . _ t. T
" I am a book-lceepcr for Vt oodrufTcfc Lrother. I
lived with my mother at the tnno of the Octobor
election, in Middletown township, and considered
that my home at that time. 1 "was bom and brought
up in Middletown township, Bucks cuunty.
" Question. Did you ever acquire any other home or
residence than your mother's house?
" Annwcr. I voted once m Philadelphia, ."hen i
voted at the October election ray homo was m Attle-
boro, Bucks county. I regarded that my residence
?U that lime.
'* X*votcrt in Philadelphia in 1867. I voted in Phila-
delphia. also, in November last. I gavo up my resi-
dence with my mother several days after the last
October election.
" Question- In what way did you changeyour resi-
dence when you stated thf>t you lived ia Philadel-
phia, before and. alter the Octobcr election?
"Answer. I changed my residence cm account of
Ci'-umstanccs conncetcd with my business.Previous
to that liroo I did not think that my position with
Woodruff & Brother was permanent, i was tlii.ro
on trial. X had no reason to believe that it was. i
was m no business previous to going to Mwsrs. Wood-
ruff & Brother. I was employed at H oodrufl &
El-other's sinco April, 1868, and am still there. 1
considered my mother's my homo several months
previous to the Octobor election. I voted at Middle-
tovvn at the spring election in 18GB; this was beforo
I went to tho oity. 1 visited my mother as often as
my business would admit. I wont there s everal times
on Sunday morning andstayed until Sunday evening.
" Question. State whether anything else than your
intention fixed your residence ill Philadelphiaaftor
the Ootober election.
" .Answer. I changed my residence to Philadelphia
in consequence of circumstances.
" Vacation. Did you not carry your residence in
your mind, and fix it in Middletown township, dur-
ing the month of Octobor, for the purpose of voting
there for member of Congress ?  
" Answer. I did not. X paid tax ill October last
and the year before.
" Recross-examined:
" I paid tax in Middletown township. I do not
know if I was assessed there. X have every reason
to believe that I was. 1 should have been."
His vote was clearly illegal. Under like
circumstances of residence, in 1807, ho voted
in the city in October of that year, and in
November, 1868, one month after, ho had voted
in At.tleboro township, Bucks county. He was
a colonizer. In addition, lie swears ho paid
a tax, and does not know whether he was
assessed.
Charles Pope, of Lower Makefield township,
Bucks county, voted for the contestant. He
was over age, and had ueVer paid taxes ; voted
on age.
"Charles Pope, a witness produced, sworn, and ex-
amined on tho part of the incumbent, deposes and
says as follows, to wit:
" I resided in Lower Mnltofield township at tliolnst
October election. X voted at ttio Octobcr election tor
Caleb K. Taylor for Congress, and X suppose tho
whole llomibhcan ticket: X cannot Say positively as
to that; Xdo not know whether X was ohullenecd or
not: the election officers did not call mo into tho
room and swear rae, as I know of; I dw not know
whether X voted on age; I never paid any tax ; X was
not assessed; X do not know how old X am.
" Question, yrom what your sister said, who is
older than ^>u, how old do you think you are?
t% Answer. I do not remember ever to have heard
my sifter say how old X wa,". X never voted bolore.
''Question. How is it that: yuu do not remomber
whether you were sworn and examined beiore you
^ Because I was in liquor at the lime. I
left Oeorgo Snyder's about ono month before the
election, and boarded at Robert Cooled. X left bny-
der's because wo did not agree.
*' Cross-examined:
"(Jueetion. From the best information that you can
obtain, how old were you on the day of last October
election ? , , ,, T
"Answer. I think I was twonty-orlo last May; I
ihink I was betwoen twenty-one and twenty-two
when X voted, and this belief that X was between
twenty-ono and twenty-two when X voted is founded
upon tho best information that X can obtain.
"Reexamined: .
" £ have no information on the subject or my age;
no one ever told me; but to tho best of my judgmen t
X was between twent>-one and twenty-two when X
voted. 1 did not want to vote, because X did not know
my age J would not have voted had i been sober,
because I did not know lor certain that X was of ago;
I was told X need not bo sworn to my ago; Algernon
Cadwailader told me so; Ca«lwallailer is a Repub-
lican; he wanted mo 1o vote beiore X was tifcht, and
C think ho did after X was tight; X know he voted
me.
"Kecross-examined:
"Question. You said awhile ago that to tho best
of your judgment you were between. twenty-ono and
twenty-two when you voted at last October; do you
still think that you wcro at that age?
"Anwsr. Yes, sir; X 1 lank so, but X will not swear
to it."
Ebenezer Scull, fourth of twenty-fifth, voted
for the contestant, ile had no residence. (XXis
testimony, page -10.)
" Ebenezer Scull, a witness produced, sworn, and
examined on tho pari of said contestant, under the
second and fourteenth specifications, deposes and
says:
"(Objected to as obore.)
"X resided at No.HOSXiewson street ;iUime of last
October election. This is in the fourth division ot
the twenty-tilth ward. I resided there about eight
months and a half before the last October election.
I voted in the fourth'division of tho Xwcnty-fifth
ward. I voted the Xlcpublieanticketto tho best otrny
knowledge,
"Cross-examined: . . •
"I was assesscdin thatdivisum. 1 paid a State or
county tax, in X*SS. I have lived here seventeen or
eighteen years, except toree months and a halt out
ofit This three months and a half X lived in Jersey.
I returned from New Jersey in the spring ot 18b8, m
the middle of April. X am not ablo to say H was
before or after the 15th of April that I return ed from
Jersey, I don't remember on what date the lease
of my house begins.
"Question. Then you moved from Jersey back again
into State of Pennsylvania in the month of April
1868, and do aot know what day ot the month it was I
"Answer. I meant I left there and arrived her6
about the middle of Artil. I did not open my tveket
and cxarmneit, and I did not know whethertho name
was on tho tioket for Congress.'
"Reexamined:
"Question. Did you go to Now Jersey with the
intention of making it your residence, or aia you go
thero for a temporary purpose, intending to return
to Pennsylvania ?  
"Atmoer. X wont there and laid out to stay there.
I wasn't o.Wo to content myself there. I voted in
New jersey over thirty years asco. I am a married
man. I took my family to New Jersey with me m
1888."
The last case is that of John Stout, whose
vote for Taylor was clearly illegal, (pages 18
and 198 contestant's testimony :)
"Samuel \V. Weiss, a witness called by contestant
under same specification, being duly affirmed, says:
"I lived in Milford township, Bucks county. I was
present at the last October election. The oflicers of
the election were Henry Applebach, judge; Jacob
Wonig and lidivard Reitcr wero the inspectors ;
Peter Mumbower and Tobias Reiterwcre clorks.
They wero all of the Democratic party. I was pres-
ent when John Stout voted. Ilis name could not bo
found on the assessor's list. As much as I know,
Reitcr put down his name with lfead pencil and took
his vote. lie was neither sworn nor affirmed. No
qualified voter was sworn or affirmed for him. He
made no proof of the payment of taxes, either by
producing a receipt or makins proof. He was not
aaked anything that X could hoar. I could have
heard any question put to him. I know Herman
Loraelie." , ,
"J ohn Stout, being duly sivorn, deposes and says •
"1 voted in Mil/ord township, Bucks county, at the
name on iny ticket for Const-ess.
"Cross-examined:
"I paid mv tax, near one dollar, on election day,
beforo! voted. 1 paid it to Esquiro "Reirihart. I was
asscMifd in JVIilford. Thero is no other John Stout
in Miii'ord, to my knowledge." "
Here, then, we have 1/5 clearly illegal voles
cast for the contestant, which a majority of tho
committee refuse to deduct from his return of
votes. There is no testimony more coneliiMye
in the cases contained in schedule B (appendix
of tho committee's report) than is contained
in the testimony as affecting these iiflecn cases
cited abovi;. I'o my mind it is conclusive, and
these votes should be deducted from the return
of the contestant. These votes deducted would
leave the sitting member a clcar, legal majori ty
of 28 votes, as the following recapitulation will
show:
Colonizer vote wrondy charged to sitting mom- ^
Pauper vote wrongly charged to sitting member ">
Soldier vote wrongly deducted from sitting mem-
Lesai votes in the fourth division twenty-filth
ward wrongly deducted irom sitting member...
Vote in liensalem wrongly given to contestant... 22
Add the corrected general return by the tally-
lists,      20
Iliegai individual votes which should have been
charged to contestant  l-->
Total   
Dcduct tho alleged legal majority as reported by
a. majority of tho committee (accepting their
figures and conclusions, without any examin-
ation as correct)  72
Tho sitting member is elceted by a clear legal
majorjority of.  23
Now, I want to say one word in reference to
contested-election cases generally, and then I
shall take my seat. I consider that the right
to true representation in this House is a right
most sacred to the people. The laws enacted
and tho Constitution adopted for the govern-
ment of our people seek to protect the people
in that right, and I consider that the action of
the House to-day in reference to the Louisiana
case, where they have deliberately voted in the
minority candidate, is disgraceful tothisHouse,
an exercise of gross despotism, and will in all
future time remain an indelible blot upon the
history of the country in conneotion with Repub-
lican Congresses.
I offer the following resolutions tw a substi-
tute for the resolutions reported by the majority
of the committee:
Tletolvrd, That Caleb N. Taylor, tho contestant,
is cot entitled to a seat in this House as Reptesent-
