4544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
California [Mr. Cole] is willing that tlie bill
should be reinstated.
Mr. COLE. If it can be considered now.
Mr. CA.SSERIjY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ It can be if there
is no objection. The bill will be again placcd
on tho Calendar in its former status, subject
of course to a motion to pass over, and if that
motion is not made, it will then bo before the
Senate. The Chair liears no objection. The
bill is restored to its former status, and the
motion to reconsider is pending.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no speech to make
except to read, and I propose only to read, the
speech of my col league, as reported in (he Globe,
when the Senate at an evening session some
lime ago took up this bill and passed it. My
colleague is reported as having said:
"Mr. Coi-e. I dislike to ask action upon this bill
when tho Senato is so thm, but 1 am very anxious
to have the bill (S. No. 4311) taken up."
That is, this bill.
"I will say that if it passes now. in case tliero should
afterwardboanyobjectionto itlwillnotthen object
to a reconsideration."
That is all that has any bearing upon the
present question. After that declaration on
i he part of my colleague, and with that under-
standing, the'bill was passed during the first
moments of an evening session, when I pre-
sume there were not more than ten or fifteen
Senators present, and while I was absent. At
the first opportunity I entered a motion to re-
consider, and asked for an order bringing back
the bill from the House, which was done. Upon
that state of l'acts, I move now that the bill be
reconsidered for the purpose of ottering some
amendments, not to defeat the bill, but to
;;uai'd and insure good faitli in the grantees of
tho bill as a condition-precedent to their ob-
taining the great privileges which the bill grants
them. Those amendments I submitted to my
colleague awhile ago for his inspection, just
liefore I went out of the Chamber for a moment.
I am so little informed as to the rules of order
in the Senate that I do not know whether on a
motion to reconsider the merits of the bill may
be discussed. I suppose they may.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
rceonsidcr opens the whole question.
Mr. COLE. This motion to reconsider was
made on the 25th of May last, and the bill has
been tied up, suspended, on the notice ot a
motion to reconsider, or upon the motion to
reconsider, ever since. The only anxiety I
have is that it shall be passed in some form,
because I know it is a matter of very great
interest to the people of the Pacific coast.
This is tho first effort to establish the manu-
facture of iron on that coast, and our people
are very anxious indeed that the business shall
bo inaugurated. I will not occupy any further
time on the subject.
Mr. CASSBRIjY. I supposed that I still
had the floor for the purpose of stating my
views as to the merits of the bill, and in what
respect I think it should be amended.
This is a bill the effect of which is to give to
this company the right to purchase six hun-
dred and forty acres of land in a locality in
California embracing what I understand to be
very valuable iron mines, at the rate of ยง2 50
per acre, and in addition thirty-two hundred
acres of timber land, at the same price, $2 GO
per acre. It provides in the second section
that if at any time within twelve months the
company shall deposit with the proper officer
of the United States the expenses of the sur-
vey, the lands embraced within the operation
of this bill shall be surveyed by him; and then,
after he has made his survey, they are to have
the right to purchase those lands at the rate
of $2 50 per acre, and upon that patents shall
issue.
There is no provision in the bill anywhere
requiring this company, either by the expend-
iture of ono dollar, or by any other act or fact,
to demonstrate their good faith or the reality
of this enterprise before they shall be entitled
to reeeive a valuable iron mine, and as choice
a body of thirty-two hundred acres of timber
land as they can find in that neighborhood,
well known for its timber, at the trifling sum
of ยง2 50 per acre. I thought it proper that
some proviso should be inserted in the bill
requiring them to remove that difficulty, be-
cause otherwise it becomes a mere question of
speculation on their part. It is true that the
bill, as passed, in the fourth section provides:
And this grant, and any patent issued by virtuo
hereof, shall become void, and tho title to said lands
revert to the United States unless said company
shall, within twelve months after tho issuance of
such patent, commence tho bona fide work and de-
velopment of their said iron mines, and faithfully
prosecute said work for tho period of flvo years
thercaiter.
What that means anybody can judge for him-
self. It may mean something; it may mean
nothing; it may mean just as little as shall be
convenient for that company. How you are
going to make effective a provision for the for-
feiture of these lands, running through this
period of five years, after a patent has once
issued, and when perhaps tho title acquired
under it has been transferred to other parties,
I think is not very obvious on the face of the
bill. If the vote by which the bill was passed
shall be reconsidered, I propose to insert iir
lieu of a portion of the language of that section
a proviso like this:
Provided, That before any such patent shall issue
tho said company shall show tho Secretary of the
Interior, by proof satisfactory to him, that it has ex-
pended not loss than $15,000 in constructing its said
works and furnaces, and for tho bona fide develop-
ment of said iron mines.
Then I propose some other provisions, which
will go to the greater security of the United
States Government in the operation of this act.
It is rather a novel principle in our legislation,
1 take it, that any private enterprise outside of
railroads, however interesting it maybe to a
particular locality, should ask of Congress a
special privilege, a grant of this kind in fur-
therance of that enterprise. I think the gen-
eral policyof the Government has been toleave
such enterprises as the construction of iron-
works to the natural demands of the locality.
It has done so in Pennsylvania; it has been so-
with other works in different parts of the coun-
try. I do not wish to contest, nor do I rise
here for such a purpose, the general policy of
the bill; but I rise to ask the Senate to aid me
in so amending the bill that the legitimate
object of it shall be secured.
What is that object? It is that in consider-
ation of this important grant made by this bill,
this company will show its gojd faith in the
transaction by demonstrating to the Secretary
of the Interior, at the proper time and before
they have received their patent, that they have
expended a certain sum of money in tho enter-
prise. I have placed that at $15,000; and I
will state in what way I arrive at that sum. I
went to a Senator on this floor who, I consid-
ered, must have had, from his relations to the
State which he represents, and who, from his
knowledge acquired as a citizen of that State
and as a Senator of it, was best qualified to
suggest to me what would be a fair and reason-
able sum to bo expended upon works of the
importance and magnitude of iron-works such
as are proposed under this bill; and after con-
siderable conversation, in which I explained
to him that I desired to be indulgent and as
liberal as possible to the private company,
the grantees in this bill, he fixed the sum of
$15,000 as about the lowest sum which could
be inserted in this bill as a security for the
good faith of the enterprise, or as guarantee
that tho objects upon which this bill can be
justified should be carried out.
I have the pleasure of a long acquaintance
with the gentleman who is at the head of this
company. I appreciate his work, I have no
doubt of the sincerity of his intentions or the
good faith of the enterprise so far as he is con-
cerned ; but of courso I need not say to the
Senate that in legislation we require some
better security than the good intentions of any
individual. This gentleman may die ; he may
cease to be connected with this company
fco-morrow; and what it is important to the
country to have is a condition, a security,
guarantee which shall run with this grant in
whatever hands it may go. (
I think, under the circumstances that 1 have J
detailed attendingthe passage of the bill awhite ;
ago, in the first place, and under what I have
stated as to my own purpose in asking the re- ,
consideration, there will be no objection on
the part of the Senate to the motion to recoil*
m<The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy the chair.) The question is on the
reconsideration of tho vote by which the bill
was passed.
Tho motion was agreed to..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The vote oh
the passage of the bill was reconsidered. The
next motion is to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to a third reading, if the
Senator desires to move an amendment. A.
motion to amend cannot be received until the
vote by which tho biil was passed to a third
reading is reconsidered. It is moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
now before the Senate and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have taken the bill just
as it passed the Senate, and perhaps my col-
league will not dissent from the amendments I
have prepared. I will read them ; first, after
the word "within," in the first line of the sec-
ond section, I move to strike out "twelve" and
insert" six," and after the word " months" to
insert " after the passage of this act," so as to
require the company, instead of giving them
twelve months indefinitely without any point
of commencement for that period, to deposit
within six months after the passage of the act
the expenses of tho survey with the surveyor
general of California. I suppose there will be
no objection to that.
Mr. COLE. If I had the least doubt about
the good faith of the very excellent citizens
of California who propose to undertake this
enterprise I should not have presented the bill
at all; much less urged it. Believing that, I
shall raise no objection whatever to that amend-
ment of my colleague. I know they will go
ahead as earnestly and rapidly as they can,
and will act in accordance with their duty to
their fellow-citizens to the fullest exteutpossi-
ble for them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. The next amendment is
in lino three of section four. The sentence
now reads:
That no sale or transfer by said company of their
right to a patent as herein provided shall bo effectual
lor any purpose.
That does not prevent them from conveying
any other right under the bill; and therefore,
to guard against that, I move to insert after
the word "provided," in line three of that sec-
tion, the words "or of any right or interest
under this act; " so as to read:
That no sale or transfer by said company of their
right to a patent as herein provided, or of any right
or interest under this act, shall be effectual for any
purpose.
Mr. COLE. Will my colleague state what
other right and interest besides that specified
in the second line the company can or will
obtain under this act? I do not know of any.
Mr. CASSERLY. They have the right to
purchase six hundred and forty acres of iron
mines, and thirty-two hundred acres of choice
timber at ยง2 50 an acre. That is a right ante-
cedent to the issuance of the patent.
Mr. COLE. Their right, however, will not
accrue; but will fail entirely under this same
section unless they do prosecute it to the
obtaining of the patent.
Mr. CASSERLY. In the State of California
'1
