400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
ADMISSION OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move to re-
consider tie vote by -which the bill. (H. R. No.
783) to admit the State of Virginia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States
was recommitted to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
The motion was, agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before the
House for consideration.
The bill was read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, in pur-
suance of the reconstruction acts of Congress
the people of Virginia framed the constitu-
tion which is under consideration two years
ago last month, in December, 1867. It was
framed by a convention of which Judge Un-
derwood, of the Virginia district, was pres-
ident. The convention provided for an elec-
tion upon the constitution, but in consequence
of there being no funds appropriated to defray
the expenses of the election General Stone-
rnan, then in command of that military district,
did not order an election and appoint the neces-
sary officers of election. No election was there-
fore held, and time wore on until last spring,
when Congress passed an act providing for the
submission of the constitutions of Virginia,
Texas, and Mississippi to a vote of the people.
In that act it was provided that the President
might submit separate portions of the constitu-
tions to a separate and distinct vote. There
were some clauses of this constitution of Vir-
ginia which were very unpopular, exceedingly
unpalatable, not only to the men known as
Conservatives Smd Democrats, but unpalatable
to many of the Republicans of Virginia, and
especially the two clauses with reference to dis-
franchisement and the test-oath. The Pres-
ident, in pursuance of that act, submitted the
constitution to an election and directed that
separate votes be had upon those two clauses.
At the time of that election there were regis-
tered as voters in the State of Virginia, in round
numbers, about two hundred and sixty thou-
sand. A little over two hundred and twenty
thousand of the registered voters voted upon
the ratification of the constitution, and the two
clauses submitted separately, those with refer-
ence to the franchise and the test-oath, were
defeated by a majority of forty thousand, in
round numbers, one of them by a majority a
little exceeding and the other by a majority a
little less than forty thousand.
General Canby, in his report of that election,
has told us that it was a fair election; that
while some complaints were made the com-
plaints were not numerous, either of fraudulent
voting or of misconduct on the part of the offi-
cers of the election ; and he says that of those
not voting who were registered the ratio was
about even between the colored and the whites;
that in many localities the personal popularity
of the candidates who were running for the
Legislature or for other offices had much to do
with drawing out a vote, while in others the
unpopularity of the candidates or the large
preponderance of one party or the other had
the effect to keep a good many people athome.
In those counties where the minority said, "It
is no use for us to vote, the majority is so great
against us," the effect was that the vote was
not so large. In two counties where a very
large majority was given for Governor Wells,
the candidate of the so-called radical Repub-
licans, there were but two votes given for the
clauses that were voted down, to wit, the dis-
franchising and the test-oath clauses.
I speak of this in the outset in order that the
House, as I presume but few members have
examined these papers, may know that gen-
erally there was not much fault found with the
election in Virginia; it was as fair an election
and as large a vote was polled and the whole
thing passed off with as much regularity and
fairness as could reasonably have been ex-
pected, especially in a State where vote by ballot
was new to the people. The disfranchising
clause in their constitution which was voted
down was a clause which provided substantially
that no man should vote in Virginia who was
disqualified by the fourteenth amendment from
holding an office; no man who held an office
prior to the rebellion and aided in the rebellion
should vote. It disfranchises them, not only
from holding office, but from the right to vote.
The test-oath clause was that clause which
provided that all the officers of Virginia should
take what is commonly known as "the test-
oath" or the "iron-clad oath." Those two
clauses were voted down. The oath left in the
constitution, which all the officers of the State
were required to take, reads as follows:
"All persons before enteringupon the discharge of
any functions as officers of this State must take and
subscribe the following oath or affirmation;
" I do solemnly swear that I will support and sus-
tain the Constitution and laws of the united States
and the constitution and laws of the State of Vir-
ginia; that I recognize and accept the civil and
political equality of all men before the laws, and
that I will faithfully perform the duty of to
tho best of lay ability; so help me God."
It is also provided in this constitution that—
'The General Assembly shall at its first session
under this constitution enact a general registration
law; and every person offering or applying to regis-
ter shall take and subscribe before the officer charged
with making a registration of voters the following
oath:
''' I, , do solemnly swear (or affirm) that
I am not disqualified from exercising the right of suf-
rage by the constitution framed by the convention
which assembled in the city of Richmond on the 3d
day of December, 1867, and that I will support and
defend the same to the best of my ability.'"
This constitution, containing these oaths and
these provisions, was adopted by the people of
Virginia by a majority of 201,441 votes. The
vote cast for the constitution was 210,577,
against the constitution 9,136—a most remark-
able unanimity. And I will say here that no
constitution of any of the reconstructed States
has been adopted by a vote so nearly unani-
mous as the vote given in this case by the
people of Virginia.
The bill now under consideration, reported by
the Committee on Reconstruction, and which I
presume the members of this House have read,
I will remark and ought to remark, in justice
to myself, was in some sort a compromise meas-
ure. It is known to the members of this House
that on the first day of this session I introduced
a joint resolution for the immediate admission
of the State of Virginia, which contained no
condition. But I consented to report the bill
now under consideration, reserving to myself,
however, and I so gave notice to the committee,
the right to oppose the oath which is provided
in this bill, and perhaps to ask that the bill in
some verbal particulars might be amended in
other respects. There has been a question with
regard to the test-oath in Virginia, and some
members of this House, I have no doubt, are
in favor of applying the test or iron-clad oath
to members of the Virginia Legislature. With
reference to that allow me to say that after the
election in Virginia that question was referred
to the^ Attorney General of the United States,
and his opinion I have no doubt the members
of this House have also read. That opinion
was indorsed and approved by the President
of the United States. The opinion was to this
effect—without stopping to read it or to incor-
porate it in my remarks—that the test-oath
could not be exacted, but that only the oath
provided by the constitution under which the
Legislature was elected should be imposed upon
its members; and I am free to say that I con-
cur most decidedly in that opinion.
The Legislature of the State of Virginia is
elected under a constitution which this Con-
gress has approved and has authorized to be
ratified by the voters of that State. That Le-
gislature is in no sense a provisional Legisla-
ture, nor are the members of that Legislature
in any sense provisional officers. They are
members of a Legislature just as much as are
the members of the Legislature of the State of j
Illinois. If Congress fails to approve the con- ;
stitution and to ratify the election of these j
members by the admission of the State, then :
the whole constitution and the Legislature
elected under it fall to the ground. They are
not then members of a Legislature at all, and
are not officers of the State at all. If we do
approve, then that approval reverts back and
covers the election which Congress itself au-
thorized, and the members so elected to the
Legislature are the Legislature of the State of
Virginia as much as is the Legislature of any
other State. To hold otherwise, it seems to
me, is to involve us in very absurd contradic-
tions. Suppose that to-day you exact the test-
oath of the members of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia ; to-morrow we admit the State to rep-
resentation in Congress; afterward a mem-
ber of that Legislature dies and a new elec-
tion is held for his successor, who appears in
due time to qualify and take his seat, what
oath is to be put to him ? The State is now in
the Union. Manifestly the only oath to be
required is tho oath provided by the consti-
tution under which the Legislature has assem-
bled. You then have the singular spectacle
presented of members of the same Legislature
taking different oaths. The members of the
same Legislature have different qualifications,
and are under different obligations. It seems
to me that the bare statement of the matter is
sufficient to satisfy any mind that the Attorney
General was right in the opinion which he
gave. Besides, the test-oath has not been
exacted of any Legislature of any one of the
reconstructed States. We have never required
of any Legislature of any one of those States
that they should take any oath except that
required by the constitution under which they
were elected, except in the case of Georgia,
which bill was passed a few days since. So
much for tho test-oath. The oath provided in
the bill under consideration is not the test-oath.
It is, I believe, substantially the oath conform-
ing to the fourteenth amendment with reference
to qualifications for office.
Mr. WINANS. I would call the gentleman's
attention to the fact that the first section of the
bill provides simply for the taking of one of the
two oaths therein mentioned.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was coming to that,
Mr. Speaker. As I have said, the oath pro-
vided for in this bill is not that known as the
test-oath or the " iron-clad oath." I will state
the difference, as I understand it, between that
oath and the one provided for in this bill. The
"iron-clad oath" declares in substance that
the person taking it has never voluntarily borne
arms against the Government or given aid
or comfort to its enemies. That is the oath
which we take as members of Congress, the
oath which all officers of the United States are
required to take, but not the officers of State
governments. The oath provided for in the
bill under consideration is similar in form to
the language used in the fourteenth amendment,
but the difficulty to my mind is not only that it
is outside of the oath provided for by the con-
stitution of Virginia, but that it goes even be-
yond the provisions of the bill which we passed
the other day for Georgia. The oath which
we prescribed for members of the Legislature
of Georgia was required to be taken only on
the assembling and qualifying of the first Legis-
lature ; we provided that that oath should be
taken only while the Legislature was being
purged and purified, but the members of all
subsequent Legislatures of Georgia, even under
that bill, will be required to take only the oath
provided for by their State constitution.
The difficulty, however, with the oath pre-
scribed in this bill is, that all officers of Vir-
ginia, after it resumes its place as a State of
this Union, will be required to take another
oath than that provided in their State constitu-
tion. I hold, Mr. Speaker, that Congress has
no power to incorporate into the constitution
of any State any other oath than the one which
the State itself prescribes, unless we derive the
power from the second section of the fourteenth
amendment, which authorizes us to enforce the
provisions of that amendment by appropriate
