1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
lars; additional to chief clerk, three hundred
dollars, to continue while there is no Assist-
ant Secretary, and no longer ; one disbursing
clerk, at two thousand dollars; three clerks of
1 he fourth class, four clerks of the third class,
f.v'o clerks of the second class, three clerks of
tho first class, two messengers at eight hun-
dred and forty dollars each, and one laborer,
twenty-seven thousand two hundred dollars.
For stationery, labor, newspapers, and mis-
cellaneous items, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For chief of Bureau of Yards and Docks,
civil engineer, chief clerk, draughtsman, one
clerk of cla«s four, two clerks of class three,
one clerk of class two, one clerk of class one,
one messenger, and one laborer, nineteen
thousand two hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, plans, drawings,
labor, and miscellaneous items, eight hundred
dollars.
For chief of Bureau of Equipment and Re-
cruiting. chief elerk, one clerk of class four,
one clerk of class three, two clerks of class
two, two clerks of class one, one messenger,
rind one laborer, fifteen thousand four hundred
ami sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For chief of Bureau of Navigation, chief
clerk, one clerk of class three, one clerk of
class two, one messenger, and one laborer,
nine thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
For chief of Bureau of Ordnance, chief
clerk, draughtsman, one clerk of class three,
two clerks of class two, one messenger, and
one laborer, thirteen thousand and sixty dol-
lars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, eight, hundred dollars.
For chief of Bureau of Construction and
Repairs, chief clerk, draughtsman, one clerk
of class four, two clerks of class three, two
clerks of class two, one messenger, and one
laborer, sixteen thousand four hundred and
sixty dollars.
Furstalionery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
For chief of Bureau of Steam Engineering,
chief clerk, draughtsman, one clerk of class
two, one assistant draughtsman, one messen-
ger, and one laborer, eleven thousand two
hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery and piiscellaneous items,
eight hundred dollars.
For chief of Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing, chief clerk, one clerk of class four,
two clerics of class three, three clerks of class
one, two clerks of class two. one messenger,
and one laborer, eighteen thousand two hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items,
eight hundred dollars.
For chief of Bureau of Medicine and Sur-
gery, one clerk of class four, one clerk of class
three, one messenger, and one laborer, eight
thousand four hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items, four
hundred dollar,!.
For five watchmen and two laborers for the
building occupied by the Navy Department,
jive thousand and forty dollars.
i''oi incidental labor, fuel, lights, and misceh
];;:i--oi!S items for said building, six thousand
d'dt.us.
judiciary.
Otfke of Hit Attorney General.
For salaries cf the Attorney General, two
Assistant Attorneys General, law clerk, chief
elei'K, lour cterKs of class four, two cieiLs of
class three, one elerk ot class two, one clerK
of el 1 :s I lie. Olio messenger, thirty-lour thou-
sand five bundled and ibity dollars.
For one clerk, two thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of above office,
viz:
For fuel, labor, furniture, stationery, and
miscellaneous items, ten thousand dollars.
For purchase of law and other necessary
books for the office, one thousand dollars.
Supreme Court of the United States.
For the Chief Justice and nine associate or
retired justices, sixty thousand five hundred
dollars.
For nine circuit judges to reside in circuit,
forty-five thousand dollars.
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned
to the tenth circuitfor attending session of the
Supreme Court of the United States, one thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the .decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United Stales,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For salary of the marshal of the Supreme
Court, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the district judges of the
United States, one hundred and sixty-eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, the
associate judges, and judge of tho orphan's
court, nineteen thousand dollars.
For salary of'the warden of the jail in tho
District of Columbia, two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys
of the United States, eighteen thousand five
hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the district marshals
of the United States, eleven thousand three
hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it farther cnactcd, That the
heads of the several Departments are hereby
authorized to appoint female clerks, who may
bo found to be competent and worthy, to any
of the grades of clerkships known to the law,
in the respective Departments, with the com-
pensation belonging to the class to which they
may he appointed, but the number of first,
second, third, and fourth class clerks shall not
be increased by this section.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
compensation of all messengers, assistant mes-
sengers, laborers, and watchmen (whether day
or night) provided for in this act, unless other-
wise specifically stated, shall be as follows:
for messengers, eight hundred and forty dol-
lars per annum ; for assistant messengers,
seven hundred and twenty dollars per annum;
for laborers and watchmen, seven hundred and
twenty dollars per annum ; and after the pas-
sage of this act no moneys herein or otherwise
appropriated, or that may be hereafter appio-
priated, for contingent, incidental, or miscel-
laneous purposes, shall be expended or paid
for official or clerical compensation; and it
shall be the duty of the accounting officers to
reject anddisallow all such payments as illegal.
Seu. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and joint resolutions, or parts thereof, and
all resolutions of either House of Congress,
granting extra compensation or pay, be, and
the same are hereby, repealed, to take effect
on the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
seventy, and that the appropriations made by
the following parts of acts and resolutions be,
and the same are hereby, repealed, to take
effect from and after June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, viz :
Section five of the act of June twenty six,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, being an
approoriation for the salaries of special exam-
iners of drugs, medicines, chemicals, and so
forth. And said salaries shall, from and after
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy, be
paid from the appropriation for collecting the
revenue from customs.
Section lour of the act ol ,1 uly twenty, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, beitij; an appio-
priation for the pay and expenses of the com-
missioners under the treaty between the United
States and the republic of Venezuela.
Section two of the act of June twenty-seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, being an ap-
propriation for the pay and expenses of I he
commission under the treaty between the Uni-
ted States and her Britannic Majesty for the
settlement of the claims of the Hudson's Bay
and Puget Sound Agricultural Companies,
Section three of the act of April seven, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, being au appro-
priation for the pay, expenses, and advances
on account of the commission under the treaty
of the United States and the republic of Mexico.
Section thirteen of the act of July twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, being
an appropriation for salaries and contingent
expenses of the Bureau of Statistics.
Sections one and seven of the act of March
three, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, being
an appropriation to pay for horses, mules, and
so forth, lost or destroyed while in the military
service.
Section one of the act of July twenty-seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, being an ap-
propriation for refunding to States expenses
incurred in raising volunteers during the late
rebellion.
And hereafter it shall be the duty of the
proper Department to submit estimates for the
expenses and expenditures under these several
heads, in the usual manner; and the appro-
priations of tho amounts received from trans-
fer drafts to the account of contingent expenses
of the independent Treasury, and of the am omits
received from fines, penalties, and forteituios
to the account for expenses of United States
courts, shall cease from and after June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That ail
balances of appropriations contained in the
annual appropriation bills and made specific-
ally for the service of any fiscal year,, and
remaining unexpended at the expiration of
such fiscal year, shall only be applied to tha
payment of expenses properly incurred during
that year, or to the fulfillment of contracts
properly made within that year; and such bal-
ances not needed for the said purposes shall
be carried to the surplus fund: Provided, That
this section shall not apply to appropriations
known as permanent or indefinite appropria-
tions.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That all
balances of appropriations which shall have
remained on the books of the Treasury, with-
out being drawn against in the settlement of
accounts for two years from the date of the
last appropriation made !>y law, shall bo re-
ported by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Auditor of the Treasury, whose duty it is to
settle accounts thereunder, and the Auditor
shall examine the books of his office, ami cer-
tify to the Secretary whether such balances
will be required in the settlement of any ac-
counts ponding in his office; and if it shall
appear that such balances will not be reqtiiied
for this puipose, then the Secretary may m-
| elude such balances in his warrant, whether
I the head of the proper Department shall have
! certified that it may be earned into the general
i Treasury or not. But no appropriation for the
!| payment of the interest or principal ot the pub-
;; lie debt, or to which Congress may have given
l! a longer duration of law, shall be thus treated.
|| Sue. 7. And be it further enacted, Xnat it
shall not be lawful for any Depaitment of the
!j Government to expend in any one iircul yur
!' any sum in excess of appropriations made by
ij Congress for that fiscal year, or to involve the
!l Government in any contract forthe future pay-
|] ment of money in excess of such appropiaa-
j| turns.
ij Six:. And he it farther cnneH'd, 1 hat m'c-
II tiou five of an art approved M.U'ch thu-e,
