1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1713
governments which he talks about) have we
authorised a provisional governor to take com-
mand, or provided that upon his call the Presi-
dent sball supply him with the aid of the Army
and Navy of the United States?
One word more. The Constitution provides
that the President, upon the call of the Gov-
ernor of a State, may aid him with the military
power of the United States; but such aid can-
not be extended upon the call of the Governor
of a Territory nor upon the call of a provis-
ional governor. In this instance the military
officers were the provisional governors,and they
appointed the other governors.
A single remark farther. In the law which
we passed in 1868 we absolutely directed that
all the State officers elected under the State
constitution should be inaugurated without
delay. I want to know whether they Were
provisional ? .
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am glad that my fViend
from Illinois has asked me this question ; for
it gives me an opportunity to Say some things
which I might otherwise have forgotten. I am
always willing to meet every question fairly and
squarely; and I say to the gentleman now that
we have not in any other act provided for the
exercise of military power upon the request of
the Governor of a State. Bat we could have
so provided. The fact that we have not done
so in any instance proves nothing as to the
status of Georgia. I n effect the very language
quoted by the gentleman from the act of last
December shows that Congress did not regard
this as a permanent State organization, but
treated it as a provisional State government.
Why, sir, when, according to the provision
of the Constitution, may the Governor of a
State call for military aid from the President?
When the Legislature eannot be convened. It
is only then that the Governor may call on the
President for military aid. But utterly ignor-
ing that provision of the Constitution, this bill
says that the military power of the United
States may be exercised upon the request
of the Governor, and without consulting the
Legislature, as we would be bound to do if
Georgia had been a permanently organized,
reconstructed, and restored State. Is the gen-
tleman answered ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, badlyanswered.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Yes; very badly, for
him. Why, Mr. Speaker, any gentleman who
supposes that this Congress, or the President
daring this Congress, has treated the State Of
Georgia as a permanent State government is
oblivious to the facts of history, and has failed
to read the Constitution.
But is further proof needed that Georgia has
only a provisional State government? I will
offer some more, to which I invite the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois.
On the 10th of March, 1868, the Georgia con-
stitutional convention passed "an ordinance
to provide for the election of civil officers."
Under this, on the 20th of April, 1868, the
present Legislature, Governor Bullock, ted
other State officers and Representatives in
Congress, now in office, were elected. That
ordinance is in part in these words:
"Whereas all civil officers of the State are only
provisional until this State is represented in Con-
gress," 4c.
Then, after providing for the election, it is
declared that—
" The person co elected or appointed shall enter
upon the duties of the' several offices to which they
nave been respectively elected when authorized bo
to do by acts of Congress or by the order of the gen-
eral commanding, and shall continue in office till the
regular succession provided for after the year 1868
and until successors are elected and qualified," &c.
The constitution of the State, article three,
section one, provides that State senators shall
be elected part for four, part for two years;
members of the house of representatives for
two years. And under article four, section one,
the Governor is entitled to hold his office for four
years. It is then provided, in article eleven,
section eleven, as follows:
" Should this constitution be ratified by the people,
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 108.
and Congress ftcceptthe^ame with any <iualifications
or conditions, the government herein provided for
and the officers elected shall nevertheless exist and
continue in the exercise of their several functions as
the governmont of this State so far ns the same may
be consistent with the action of the United States in
the promises."
The officers, including the Governor, as we
have seen, were, by the military commander,
appointed provisional officers after their elec-
tion.
This House is now estopped from denying
that Georgia is provisional only. The act of
December *22,1869, to promote the reconstruc-
tion of Georgia, treats it as provisional. It
requires the Legislature to be convened, which
has been done under military supervision, and
the organization perfected by excluding cer-
tain ineligible members and by admitting others
entitled to seats, but who had been previously
excluded. It then provides :
" Sec. 8. That tho Legislature shall ratify the fif-
teenth amendment proposed to the Constitution of
the United States before Senators and Representa-
tives from Georgia are admitted to seats in Con-
gress."
On the 4th of January, in pursuance of the
reconstruction act of March 2, 1867, an order
was issued with the approval of the President,
which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
[General Orders, No. 1.]
Headquarters op the Army,
adjotanf General's Office,
Washington, January 4,1870.
By direction of the President of the United States,
so much of General Orders, No. 103, dated Headquar-
tersThird Military District, (Department of Geor-
gia, Florida, and Alabama) Atlanta. Georgia, July
22,1868, and so much of General Orders, No, 65, dated
Headquarters of the Army. Adjutant General's Of-
fice, Washington, July 28,1868, as refers to the State
of Georgia, is hereby countermanded. Brevet Major
General Terry will, until further orders, exercise
within that State the powers of a Commander of a
Military District, as provided by the aotof March 2,
1867, and the acta supplementary thereto, under his
assignment by General Orders No. 83, dated Head-
quarters of the Army, Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, December 24, 1869.
By command of General Sherman.
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Adjutant General.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Here, then, the Presi-
dent by this order, up to this hour, recognizes
Georgia as a provisional State, subject to the
act of March 2, 1867.
Mr. FARNS W O RTH. The present officers
were elected as officers of the State of Georgia
in pursuance of the act of Congress. The pro-
visional officers were appointed by the military
power.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Has my friend failed
to hear what I said.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have heard it all.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Has the gentleman for-
gotten the military order read at the Clerk's
desk appointing Mr. Bullock as the provisional
governor of Georgia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He was appointed
provisional governor before he was elected.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will come to that. He
was first appointed as provisional governor,
and he continued to be the provisional governor
by express provisions of the act of March 2,
1867.
Mr. BECK. Let me make a suggestion.
Does the gentleman from Ohio know tne gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Botlkr] yes-
terday announced that our act of December 22
did not declare Georgia was a provisional gov-
ernment? Is it not true, in the report of the
Senate Judiciary Committee, which I hold in
my hand, made by Senator Edmunds, that it
is unanimously declared that the acts of Gen-
eral Terry undertaking to declare it provisional
were palpably illegal? The committee say
they do not understand how it could be other-
wis©
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts did not declare that Georgia
was not made provisional by the act of 1869,
but when Congress passed that" act Congress
recognized it as provisional.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Where?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The passage of the act
treated the State as provisional. It is utterly
inconsistent with the idea of a permanent State
government, and Georgia cannot be anything
^Ise but a provisional government while it is
subject to this and other reconstruction acts.
Mr. BECK. The Senate Committee on the
Judiciary say in this report:
"And in this connection itig worthy of notice that
when the act of December 22.1869, was under con-
sideration this committee reported it with a provis-
ion making the Legislature provisional' until the
further action of Congress; and that provision was
rejected by the Senate."
Mr. LAWRENCE. That report of the Sen-
ate Committee on the Judiciary, like many
other reports emanating from that as well as
this body, does not settle anythiug. It is only
the opinion of the men who make it. We
struck out the provision relative to the pro-
visional character of the State because it was
unnecessary to declare what the act itself de-
clared sufficiently without it,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That act was the
act of the Senate. The Senate passed it first
and sent it to the House. Tney put their
own •construction on it by striking out "pro-
visional."
Mr. LAWRENCE. I have not read the
report of the Senate cpmmittee; and let me
say to the gentleman, in an undertone, that
they have, not read my speech yet [Laughter. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. .,That is,unfortunate
for them. , . . ,
, Mr. LAWRENCE., I know it is. They
will withdraw their report when they read my
speech. If they do not I do not know what is
to become of them. But,; seriously, we know
that in the matter of Virginia and Mississippi
the Senate oterruledthe opinions of the Senate
Judiciary Committee, and while I have great
respect for the able lawyers who compose that
committee, it is possible for them to be mis-
taken; And besides I do not understand that
the report controverts the views I have ex-
pressed to-dai.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before the gentle-
man sends his remarks to the Senate I call his
attention to this provision of the act of June
25, 1868: ,r
Ifaat tho first
effect ai'td ea6h State
tfeibill.byitsLegisla-
' §BC. 3. Jbtd;be it
section of this act fcr
except Georgia w%<
SeOMriaWheh H Sfcrall'in addition (five the assent of
said State to the fundamental condition hereinbefore
imposed upon the same; and thereupon the officers
'of each State duly eleeted and qualified under the
constitution thereof shall be inaugurated without
delay."
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly; the officers
elected were entitled to be iriaugurated. Bat
under the act of Martth 2, 1867, they continue
to be provisional only, and subject to removal
as such by military authority.-' The military
order made by the' PresidWitj Which has been
read, is an assertion eftfcepower.
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. : It) pursuance of that
provision thtoe dffieers were inaugurated with-
out delay. And when 1* acoofd&noe With the
further-pr5vision of tbte-ast that it shall be the
duty of the President within ten days after
receiving the ratification of the said amend-
ment by the Legislature to issue a proclama-
tion announcing that fadt, this was done also ;
the President issued his proclamation. Now
to say that those officers were provisional only
is certainly absurd1.
Mr. LAWRENGE. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
will answer All that These officers were in-
augurated, but by the express terms of the law
they were provisional, ao matter how they were
inducted into office, ami! the State was ad-
mitted to representation by law. These are
the words of the act;
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire the gentle-
man to remember also that wheti Mr. Bullock,
who previously had been appointed provisional
governor, Was inaugurated after' the passage
of this act the title of ''provisional governor"
