2658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
Rep.—Zeigler m. Rice, ninth district,Kentucky.—
Dem.
Dem.—Shields vs. Van Horn, sixth district, Itis-
souri.—Hep.
Bern.—Whittlesey vs. MeKonzie, sovonth district,
Virginia.—Rep.
llep.—Taylor vs. Heading, filth district, Pennsyl-
vania.—Dem.
Hep.—Kggleston vs. Strader, first district, Ohio.—
Dora.
Dem.—Reid vs. Julian, fourth district, Indiana.—
Itep.
Rep.—Iloge vs. Reed, third district, South Caro-
lina.—Don.
Hep.—Wallace vs. Simpson, fouth district, South
Carolina.—Dein.
Ilcp.—Syplier vs. St. Martin, first district, Louisi-
ana.—Dcm.
Dem.—Hunt vs. Sheldon, second district, Louisi-
ana.—Rep.
llep.—Darroll vs. Bailey, third district, Louisi-
ana.—Dcm.
Rep.—Newsham vs. Ryan, fourth district, Louisi-
ana.—Dem.
Hop.—Morey vs. McCranie, fifth district, Louisi-
ana.—Dem.
Dem.—Sheafo vs. Tillman,fourth district, Tennes-
see.—Hop.
Dem.—I (eftwich vs. Smith, eighth district, Ten-
nessee.—Rep.
Rep.—Boyden vs. Shober, sixth district, North
Carolina.—Dem'.
Rep.—Tucker vs. Booker, fourth district, Vir-
ginia.—Dem.
Rep.—Barnes vs. Adams, eighth district, Ken-
tucky.—Dem.
Four have already been decided against
Democrats, and we are now upon the fifth
victim.
What does this indicate, sir ? That a Repub-
lican contestant would certainly succeed. Not
a single Democratic contestant for a seat in this
House has succeeded within my knowledge for
the last ten years, but Republican contestants
have been successful. What does this prove?
Does it show that the contests have been de-
cided as "judicial" questions or upon political
grounds? Have the Democrats been wrong
in all cases presented here? Have the Repub-
licans been right all the time? These questions
are more easily made than answered.
This list does notgivethenamesof theseven
members from Georgia and the five from Lou-
isiana. The elections in both of those States
resulted in the election of Conservative men,
none of whom would have been found on the
Radical side. Many of those who now occupy
seats here never were elected. Through fraud-
ulent returns and corrupt Governors, certifi-
cates, were given to those admitted, and Dem-
ocrats feeling that their rights here would
receive no favor never entered the arena as
contestants.
During the present session, in the investiga-
tion of these cases, it became so apparent that
partisan feeling controlled your Committee
of Elections that the House, in self-defeuse,
adopted the following resolution, which was
intended to govern contested-election cases:
" Itesolved, That the trial of a contested-election
case is a judicial proceeding, and ought, like other
judicial proceedings, bo exempt from personal and
partisan considerations and influences."
Mark the words: "a judicial proceeding."
What a farce to have passed such a resolution,
when in every case thus far reported it has not
been a judicial proceeding, but based'upon
party considerations! You have turned mem-
bers out of these seats for no other than polit-
ical reasons, and have by your action elected
men who were repudiated by the people. Your
resolution to-day, if adopted by the majority,
will vacate this seat and place another to your
side of the Chamber, who by vote and action
will add to your power.
Caleb N. Taylor, the contestant, has been
all his life a politician. No one knows better
than he how to succeed with his party friends.
He has been a struggling candidate for office
very many years, and I venture the assertion
that he finds it easier to be elected by this
Congress than by the people. If he succeeds
here now I predict that his political career
will be ended. I shall be amazed if his own
party at home do not repudiate him. And I
now invite him to place his case in the hands
of his constituents, and let John R. Reading
be, as I have no doubt he will be, his compet-
itor for the Forty-Second Congress. There
we shall have more time than can be obtained
from this House. There will be no hour rule
before the people, no gag, no calls to order,
and no previous question.
Sir, what have wo witnessed to-day, within
the last hour, in this House in the contested
case from Louisiana? A Radical member was
by a party vote declared entitled to his seat,
although defeated by a majority of more than
ten thousand votes. I refer to the case of
Hunt against Sheldon, and I append below
not only the record of the vote in that case, but
the vote in all the districts of that State, as
follows:
First District.
I.ouis St. Martin. (Dem.) 15,407
J. Hale Sypher, (ltep.)    3,080
Being a majority for Louis St. Martin of 12,327
Total number of registered voters in first dis-
trict  20,902
Second District.
C. S. Hunt, (Dcm.)  19,310
L. A. Sheldon, (Hei>.)     8,725
Being a majority for C. S. Hunt of  10,015
Total number of registered voters in second
district        39,772
Third District.
A. Bailey, (Dem.)  17,524
C. 15. Darrall, (ltep.)  3,593
Being a majority for A. Bailey of.  8,931
Total number of registered voters m third dis-
trict    28,486
Fourth District.
Michael Ryan. (Dora.)  13,244
N. P. Newsham, (Rep.)  7,256
Being a majority for Michael Ryan of.  5,988
Total number of registered voters in fourth
district  25,027
Fifth District.
(ieorge W. McCranie, (Dem.)  13,710
Frank Morey, (llep.)  3,421
X'. J. Kennedy, (Hep.)  3,070
McCranie's majority over all  7,216
McCranie's majority over Morey  10,292
Total number of registered voters in fifth dis-
trict  23.113
Every Democrat was elected in Louisiana,
but not one has been admitted to a seat here.
The right of each has been contested by his
Republican competitor, and, judging from the
temper of this House at this moment, no man
elected from that State will be admitted. Will
it be argued that the contested-election cases
since the Radical party came into power have
been conducted as judicial proceedings? The
record is most terrible. When, sir, was ever
such a record presented against the Democratic
party? Through its entire history, controlling
the country for so many years, it never allowed
party malice to interfere in the question of any
man to a right to a seat here.
Will you vacate the seat of John R. Reading
and disfranchise the people of the district he
has so ably represented upon this floor? If
so you deal a fearful blow at the freedom and
purity of the ballot. By this act of arbitrary
power you render the whole system of free
government a by-word and a farce. You do
more than this, sir; you are educating the peo-
ple to disregard the law; you offer premiums
for the commission of violence and perjury;
you teach the people from this Capitol that
popular elections can be set aside with impu-
nity, and thus bring shame, disgrace, and dis-
honor upon the people and nation. If you send
John R. Reading from this place by a decision
against him you insult him and his constituents;
but you can inflict no disgrace or dishonor
upon him or upon the people whom he has
faithfully, fearlessly, and truly represented here
for more than one year. He will go from here,
if go he must, to meet a warm-hearted and
true people at his home, and, if I mistake not,
he will be returned to the next Congress by an
overwhelming majority. They will promptly
avenge this great wrong.
I have said all I desire to say, sir, and I
leave him, defenseless and unarmed, in the
hands of this great, crushing majority, to deal
with his case, I hope for our honor, upon prin-
ciples of justice and law. Butpast experience
in cases from my own State admonishes me that
there is little Or no hope for him. If that be
so, if you have decided that he must follow
where others have gone, let the ax of the- exe-
cutioner fall; your victim is ready.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cessna] is now entitled to the
floor for twenty minutes.
Mr. CESSNA. I now yield five minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Hai.b,] my colleague on the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. HALE. In the five minutes which have
been given to me by the gentleman in charge
of this case [Mr. Cessna] I shall not attempt
to go over it with any particularity. Nor do
I need to do so, nor does any one need to do
so, because the report of the majority of the
committee, prepared by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna,] seems to me to
be very exhaustive and convincing.
This is a case where there were two or three
general questions, either of which, had it been
decided in favor of the contestant, would have
given him his seat. One was the question of
throwing out the votes of the whole of the
fourth division of the twenty-fifth ward in
Philadelphia, for certain alleged irregularities
on the part of the election officers. The com-
mittee did not see fit to go into that question
and to throw out that vote.
I have certain views that are very square and
decided upon the subject of throwing out the
votes of an entire ward, division, or precinct.
I believe that is the last thing that should be
done by any tribunal. I believe that wherever
a poll can be purged, it is the duty of theOorn-
mittee of Elections, or of the House, or of any
tribunal charged with the determination of the
question, to purge the poll, and to leave in
lorce the honestly expressed wishes of those
who have voted honestly. The Committee of
Elections acted upon that view and did not
throw- out the vote of the fourth division of the
second ward of the city of Philadelphia.
Then there was the vote of the town&hip of
Durham, which we wero asked to throw out.
That was a stronger case than the other, for
it was evident from the testimony that the
election officers in that township had been guilty
of participation in fraudulent naturalizations,
and the point might well be raised that their
conduct tainted the whole of that proceeding.
But the committee did not throw out the vote,
but left it in, although as returned there was a
majority for the sitting member in that town-
ship.
But there was more than that. In regard to
the vote of Bensalem township it was alleged
that ballots for one candidate were taken from
the boxes and ballots for the other candi-
date substituted. That would make a good
cause if you are ever to throw out the votes of
any division, ward, or township for doing so
in this case. But as there seemed to be some
doubt about the effect of the testimony show-
ing this point the committee did not throw it
out, but gave the sitting member the benefit of
that township with its large majority in his
favor.
Then this case presented between 300 and
400 individual votes, more than sufficient of
themselves to determine the result of this elec-
tion. Those voiMS were made up of different
lots or parcels. One lot embraced votes in
Bucks county ; another in the wards of Phila-
delphia. There were votes improperly rejected
for the one or the other of the candidates, and
also votes improperly received for the one or
the other of the candidates. These lots or par-
cels had all been prepared in schedules by the
respective counsel in an able and faithful man-
ner, and the testimony taken was full and
complete.
