402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
reconstructed States. . The difference is this,
that in those eases it was provided that their
Legislatures should by solemn enactment give
their:assent to these: conditions. Those bills
were passed before the assembling of the
Legislatures of those States. In this case,
the Legislature having assembled in pursuance
of law and done all it could do until the State
was admitted, it is proposed to make these
conditions, if I may be allowed the expression—
I am not certain that it inappropriate—exparte.
We submit the conditions and let the State in
.without requiring the Slate to give its assent,
and the effect is left to the courts to determine.
.Mr. LOGAN. Allow me a question right
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not now. I will
leave my colleague, who is very learned and
able, to form his own judgment as to how much
the condition is worth.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think it worth a snap
of my fingers. That is my opinion about it.
Mr.. FARNSWORTH. I shall not contro-
vert the learned opinion of my colleague, but
I would say this, that the convention which
framed the constitution, and the people of Vir-
ginia have themselves, incorporated into their
constitution substantially the same thing.
Mr. LOGAN. But the question I ask is
this: suppose they should take a notion to
change that constitution? I will say to my
colleague that I know the constitution of Vir-
ginia contains precisely this proposition. But
suppose that after they are admitted on an
equality with all the other States and with all
the rights and privileges of other States they
should conclude to change these provisions of
their State constitution ; then I ask what the
penalty would be, and how it could be enforced
if they should change it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have already an-
swered my colleague as far as it is necessary.
Mr. LOGAN. No; but I want it answered
by some member of the committee.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I can answer.
Mr. COX. I will,answer the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman from
Qhio [Mr. Lawreitoe] will be permitted to
answer.
! Mr. COX. Put the bayonet into them.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am ready to answer it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for
that purpose. I was going on to say that in the
constitution of Virginia, in the artiele with
reference to future changes in the constitution,
it is .provided that—
"No amondment or revision shall bo mado which
shall deny m any way or in any way impair the right
oi suffrase or nny civil or political right conferred
by this constitution, except for cause* which shall
apply to all persons and classes withoutdisiinction."
Now, with that constitution already adopted
by the people of Virginia I leave it to the mem-
bers of the House to determine whether the
provisions with regard to changes in their con-
stitution hereafter are of binding force or not.
But this I can say with safety, that this clause
does no harm. I submit to my learned and
eloquent colleague [Mr. Logan] that if the
clause in controversy has no binding force, and
if the Government is powerless to enforce it,
putting it into the act for the admission of the
State can do no possible harm.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me ask the gentleman
another question ; and I want him to under-
stand that I am not antagonizing the bill, but
merely asking for information. If it will do no
harm I want to know whether it will do any
good? J
Mr FARNSWORTH. That the gentleman
has already asked.
Mr. LOGAN. If it will do no harm or good
where is the necessity of putting it in?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That has been in-
quired also.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to state my proposi-
tion. I maintain that if you admit the State
and receive their representatives in both Houses
of Congress, and declare that Virginia is a State
iii the Union, it makes no difference what con-
ditions you put in your act of declaration; she
will have the same rights that any other State
in the Union has, and your conditions will
amount to nothing whatever unless you have
some power to enforce them and have some
penalties for their violation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
already repeated that, I believe, and it is not
necessary to rediscuss it.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to get it squarely
stated, so that it may be understood.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This clause in the
bill does no harm, and it is in accordance with
the provisions of their own constitution. If
we have no power to enforce it it does no harm.
Now to the main question. Is the State of
Virginia entitled, under the circumstances, to
be represented in Congress? I have detailed to
the House, I think with sufficient particularity,
the history of the formation and adoption of
the constitution of the State of Virginia. The
act of Congress contained this clause, "that the
proceedings in any of said States shall not be
deemed final or operate as a complete restora-
tion thereof until their action respectively shall
be approved by Congress." The act further
provided that at the time of the election on the
constitution the voters of the State should elect
a Legislature, members of Congress, and State
officers—this they have done—and that the
Legislature, when assembled, should ratify the
fifteenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. This also has been
done. Therefore—and I desire the members
of the House to bear it in mind—the State of
Virginia has complied to the letter with every
requirement and condition of that act. And
of all the reconstructed States no one of them
has come up apparently with more alacrity and
cheerfulness iu adopting a constitution and
conforming to the acts of Congress than has
the State of Virginia.
There are men who think that the State of
Virginia should be still kept out of Congress,
that we should be in no hurry to let that State
in ; who fear that the State of Virginia will not
keep faith with Congress. I hope we will not
set Virginia an example of bad faith. When
we passed the act of last spring providing what
these unreconstructed States should do to be
entitled to representation in Congress, did we
not by the last clause of that act say in effect
that if they did what we there provided, and if
Congress should approve of what they might
do uuder that act, they should be admitted to
representation in Congress? We did say that.
Now shall we keep the word of promise to the
ear and break it to the hope?
Mr. LOGAN. Has Virginia done it? That
is the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. She has done it.
Mr. LOGAN. Then that is all that you have
to do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have said that Vir-
ginia has complied to the letter with what we
required. Do not let us set an example of bad
faith by refusing to do what we by implication
promised to do. I have hopes of Virginia. It
is a grand old State with all its sins. I need
not repeat what Virginia has given to this na-
tion, either in illustrious names or in territory.
Living myself in a State which was given to
the Government of the United States by the
Commonwealth of Virginia, I have a right to
know and to appreciate that noble act of the
State of Virginia. I need not mention that
long list of illustrious names given to the nation
by the State of Virginia. It should be remem-
bered by this House that the voters of the State
of Virginia, in the spring of 1801, by a ma-
jority of over sixty thousand in favor of the
Union, refused to ratify the ordinance of seces-
sion. There was a leaven of unionism then
left in the State when none but whites voted.
Over sixty thousand majority of the white men
of Virginia, in the spring of i8Gl, voted against
secession and disunion. True it is that the
arrogant and domineering efforts of those mad-
men who were determined to take the State
out of the Union finally prevailed. And you
will sometimes see one active, ugly man in a
community make the whole community more
or less incendiary, house-breakiug, and given
to highway robbery. He will control a great
many others by his bad influence. So those
bad men in Virginia at length drove the sixty
thousand majority into the support of seces-
sion, and poor Virginia was made the battle-
ground of the rebellion. Her fertile fields
were laid waste; her fences were burned ; her
cattle were taken by the commissary ; the re-
sources of her labor were exhausted ; her peo-
ple were rendered poor and prostrate, and at
length they fall down before us and say, " Let
us be restored to the Union, and give us peace.''
A committee of the Legislature of Virginia
has appeared before the Reconstruction Com-
mittee and has pledged the Legislature of that
State—the pledge is in writing and in print 111
a document which I hold in my hand—pledged
the Legislature of that State to keep faith and
to carry out every provision of that constitu-
tion. The declaration of Governor Walker,
the Governor-elect of that Slate, made before
the committee, is also in print in this same doc-
ument. Now, sir, it seems to me that under
all these circumstances it does not behoove the
Congress of the United States to keep the State
of Virginia longer excluded from representa-
tion in Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I shall endeavor
before I am through to characterize in fitting
terms the remarkable conduct of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] who has
charge of this bill, and who, bein.c; intrusted
with its management before the House as a
friend and supporter of the measure, has seen
fit to attempt to strangle it in its birth.
I am about to give my reasons for supporting
the Virginia bill presented by the Committee
on Reconstruction with all its fundamental con-
ditions. Why have we inserted in the biil the
condition affecting the common schools? i!
will answer that question first.
The men who elected Governor Walker man-
ifested during the canvass a most intense and
bitter hostility to the common-school system
and the system of county organization provided
for in the new constitution of Virginia. These
two systems are intimately connected together.
The fate of the school system hangs on the exe-
cution of the provisions relating to the county
organization. A vigorous effort was made to
induce the President to submit these provisions
to a separate vote of the people. Of course
the effort failed. It is hard for a northern
man able to appreciate the benign influences
of common schools upon the fortunes of a free
Republic to contemplate this " chivalrous"
hostility to the education of the people without
unspeakable disgust. Governor Walker was
supported and elected by the masses who stood
in the ranks of the late rebellion. Outside ot'
those ranks he had not, he has not now, a cor-
poral's guard of supporters. He would have
had no Republican votes at all but for a vague
impression that the sympathies of the President
were in that struggle opposed to the loyal
people of Virginia. The Democratic party
abandoned Mr. Withers, the candidate of their
choice, because they understood that Governor
Walker, although a northern-born man and a
resident of a northern State, had opposed the
Government during the rebellion, and because,
in his speech at Liberty, in Bedford county, ho
had given them a pledge in these words, which
I read from the address of their State centra!
committee:
' If the constitution expurgated .-hall ho adopted,
and you have elected your State ticket and your he.-
gislature, you may procced at once to propo^f mkIi
amendments to the constitution as will elcar it ol'all
its dangerous characteristics. The county organization
need never be enforced. If I am eicctod with a Legis-
lature not Radical it never will bo pat in operation."
This address was dated May 29, I860. The
election was held on the 6th day of duly, IBti'J.
Mr. Porter, one of the Representatives-elect
