3602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
theory that it is the intention to reduce the
number of navy-yards, which is a proper meas-
ure, and one which ought to be carried out.
This is the principle on which the Committee on
Appropriations propose to reduce the amount
which the Navy Department has asked for
labor in the navy-yards. There seems to be a
tendency in this direction both in the Army
and in the Navy. I now have in my desk a
bill, suggested by the Secretary of War, for the
sale of all the arsenals in the United States
with but few exceptions, so that the labor may
be concentrated at a few establishments instead
of being scattered through every State in the
Union, in order to please certain parties, as has
been the practice in times gone by. So it is
in reference to our navy-yards. Certain men
have had influence enough to secure the estab-
lishment of these yards in parts of the coun-
try where there was no necessity for them what-
ever. There is now no necessity for more than
one of these yards. There is England, with her
magnificent navy, which challenges the admira-
tion of the world. I will ask the gentleman
from Philadelphia how many navy-yards she
has?
Mr. DICKEY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] that question.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to ascertain from
some of these gentlemen of great information.
Mr. O'NEILL. I will answer the gentle-
man's question. The British Government has
in operation to-day more navy-yards in which
ships can be built and effectively equipped than
we have in this country. She has at least three
or four first-class navy-yards and dock-yards,
besides several lesser ones, in which, with true
national pride, she expends money to make
her navy great.
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly am very glad to
be enlightened by the gentleman. My inform-
ation is that every ship England is now build-
ing is being constructed under private contract.
This is the fact, and the gentleman knows it if
he knows anything about the subject. That is
the proper- and economical method of building
our ships. During the late war we built by
private contract vessels that challenged the
admiration of the world, vessels on which the
men who have been referred to won their great
victories. By that system we shall get a good
Navy; no other will meet the exigencies of the
case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If gentle-
men are determined to talk any longeron this
amendment I shall move that the committee
rise to close debate.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. FERRISS. I object to its withdrawal.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Logan, it was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Imoveto amend the amendment
by striking out the last word. Mr. Chairman. I
wouldnottakeup the time of this committee for
a moment if I did not consider this a practical,
and in some sense a test question. I was very
flad to find the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
jOGAn] expressing this view of it. If we re-
fuse to provide for labor in our navy-yards for
the ensuing year we thereby declare that our
Navy may fall to pieces, and shall no more
exist. Now, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, has intimated that all that this
item covers is putting aboard and taking off
ordnance. The best answer to that is the esti-
mate of the Navy Department, which for all
these branches is only a few thousand dollars
less than $400,000. All the labor the Navy
Department expects to cover one fourth is
covered by the labor here. No vessel can go
out and return but her ordnance has to be
overhauled and renewed. Why, sir, only a
few days ago one of our best ships which sailed
out to sea cost to put her afloat $200,000.
That was the Colorado, one of our best ships
of war. It was a question whether she should
be fitted out at this expense, or whether you
would let her lie and rot at our wharves, and
lose altogether all the money which her con-
struction had cost the Government.
If you do not appropriate a reasonable sum
for the succeeding year for this purpose the
result will be that we will have no Navy left.
What does the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] meau when he says that by and
by we shall have navy-yards commensurate
with our Navy ? If we carry out his designs
we shall need no navy-yards at all, for there
will be no Navy left for us to take care of.
The Department has asked for $400,000 for
this purpose. It is necessary to prevent the
vessels we now have from becoming utterly
useless. That item has been cut down by the
Committee on Appropriations to $100,000.
This is the question we are now called upon to
decide. I wish gentlemen to understand exactly
the effect of the vote they are now called upon
to give. If you will not furnish adequate funds
for the necessary labor in the navy-yards of
the Government, to be expended in the just
discretion of the Navy Department, then you
say in effect to all the world that one year
from now you do not want and do not intend
to have any Navy. Is this House prepared to
take any such action as that? For one I am
not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Unless
j this debate is soon brought to a close I shall
] move the committee rise for that purpose,
j Mr. LYNCH. I do not propose to take up
much of the time of the committee; but I do
j wish to ask the gentleman from Wisconsin,
I who has charge of this bill, upon what princi-
1 pie this reduction has been made by the Com-
; mittee on Appropriations ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There was
appropriated for this bureau at the last ses-
sion $250,000. We now give them $375,000.
Mr. SARGENT. Not for this purpose.
Mr. LYNCH. I understand the estimate
of the Department to be about four hundred
thousand dollars, as stated by the geutleman
on the Naval Committee, and that has been
reduced to about one hundred thou sand dollars
in this bill. The question I ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin is this: upon what principle
this estimate of the Department has been re-
duced three quarters? I suppose the Navy
Department, in making these estimates, made
them upon some principle and some knowledge
of the service, and I presume when the Com-
mittee on Appropriations undertook to cut this
estimate down three fourths, they did it upon
some principle, and after some consultation
with the Navy Department, and with some ref-
erence to the mode and manner in which the
money is to be expended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
answer the gentleman from Maine. The Sec-
retary of the Navy reports that over forty ves-
sels have been completely repaired and ready
to be put in commission. We have reported, in-
stead of $250,000 reported last year, $375,000
in this bill. This is simply for handling guns,
taking them off and putting them on our ves-
6G1S*
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to say, sir, that I
suppose all these facts which have been stated
by the Navy Department are true. The De-
partment has better information than this or
any other committee upon which to found
its estimates. Therefore, according to the
action of the Committee on Appropriations,
either one of two things must be true; either
the Navy Department is imposing upon this
House in making this estimate of $400,000,
or else this estimate was cut down by the
Committee on Appropriations by no sort of
rule and upon no principle. I wish to under-
stand whether the committee have gone into
this matter and have been able in any way to
convict the Navy Department of an attempt
to impose upon the House in this matter.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The esti-
mate was made on a largely increased Navy.
There were to be five new sloops-of-war.
Mr. LYNCH. One word further in refer-
ence to our navy-yards. We have eight navy-
yards on the Atlantic coast instead of seven,
as stated by the gentleman from Massachusetts;
and I believe we ought to reduce them to four.
I have introduced a resolution, which is now
before the Committee on Naval Affairs, to in-
corporate the Kittery navy-yard with that at
Charlestown, or vice versa.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
The question was taken on Mr. Hale's
amendment to Mr. Sargent's amendment;
and it was disagreed to.
The question was next taken on Mr. Sar-
gent's amendment, to strike out "$100,000"
and insert ''$200,000" in line two hundred
and seventy-eight; so that the paragraph would
read, "For labor at navy-yards, $200,000."
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For repairs to ordnance buildings, magazines, gun-
parks, machinery, boats, &c., $15,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
words "and so forth" in this paragraph and
wherever they occur in the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move that the committee
rise.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and reached line three hundred and sixty-nine,
at the end of the paragraphs under the head
of Bureau of Construction and Repair.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to add after line
three hundred and sixty-nine the following:
For constructing a floating dry-dock at the Pen-
sacola navy-yard, (to replace the one punk and
destroyed by the rebels during the war,) $921,927.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read a com-
munication on this subject from the Secretary
of the Navy, with an accompanying report from
the chiefs of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
and of the Bureau of Construction and Repair.
The Clerk read as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington, February 8,1869.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of the resolution of the Senate, passed on the 30th
Ultimo, directing the Secretary of the Navy to com-
municate to the Senate—
"Whethertbe docks at the Pensacolanavy-yard are
sufficient for the accommodation and necessities of
the Navy in the Oulf of Mexico, and whether farther
legislation is requisite before the docks can be uiade
sufficient; and if so, what legislation is necessary."
There is no dry-dook at the Pensacola navy-yard,
nor is there at any point on the Gulf of Mexico,
although it is essential there should be one in that
quarter. The dry-dock which was at the Pensacola
yard prior to the rebellion was destroyed by the
rebels, with much other valuable property; and I
can say, and have so reported, that the facilities at
that yard are insufficient for the necessities of tbe
Navy and other purposes. Further legislation is
therefore requested, and considerable appropria-
tions are wanted to plaoe the dock and yard at Pen-
sacola in proper and useful condition. Thegtation at
Pensacola is of immense importance, not only as re-
gards the Gulf of Mexico, but the whole Mississippi
valley; for any squadron to protect that great out-
let must necessarily have its headquarters at Pen-
sacola.
The resolution of the House was referred to the
chiefs of the Bureaus of Yards and Docks and of
Construction and Repair, who have this matter spe-
cially in charge, and I respectfully submit herewith
a copy of a joint report made by those officers on the
subject.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. B. F. Wadb, President pro tempore of the United
State* Senate.
Navy Department,
Bureau op Yards and Docks.
Washington, D. C., February 9.18t39.
Sir: In response to the resolution of the Senntc.
dated January 30, (ultimo.) which resolution you
have referred to ua for report, we have the honor to
