5490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
ter ever manufactured in this country. As an adopted
citizen I feci a pardonable pride in this evidence of
skill and enterprise, and trust that the honorable
gentlemen of Congress will receive it in the spirit it
is tendered.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH NEWMAN.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Vice President of the United States.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Senate accept the silk flag pre- |
sented by Mr. Joseph Newman, and tender him its
thanks for the same.
CIVII, APPROPRIATION BIU,.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2105) making appropriations for sundry-
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Tbumbuli,] to the amendment of
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, 1 have
been satisfied, as the Judiciary Committee have
been, that as a matter of law, since the treaty
of 18G6, we were bound to a certain extent to
these Indians, and I think the extent to which
we considered ourselves bound was $1,800,000,
standing upon the treaty of 1866. At the same
time I sympathize entirely with what my friend
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] lias said, that
this is a subject which involves considerations
of national honor and of national expenditure
too great to be considered upon an appropria-
tion bill which is really to carry out existing
and recognized obligations of the Government.
The Senate has chosen, in spite of the recom-
mendation of the committee, to increase the
extent of our obligation enormously.
Now, as it stands, I feel justified in voting
against this amendment which has been agreed
to, while I have thought that if we adhered to
the treaty of 1866 we should be bound to invest
this fund of $1,800,000 for the benefit of these
Indians, and in such a way that they and
nobody else will get it. We ought not to go
beyond the letter of what we have engaged to
do on a bill of this kind; especially in view of
the fyct that these Indians during the time of
our trouble were, as my friend from Michigan
says, our enemies, and we have been betrayed
into an agreement or a treaty to them which
binds us to that extent. I am not one of those
who hold that a treaty is much more sacred
than any other contract between individuals or
nations. It is nothing but a contract; and if
we have entered into this treaty, as it is called,
by which we have promised to pay these In-
dians a certain sum of money for which there
was no consideration, and which was not justly
due to them, we have a moral right, and, in a
legal sense, an equitable right, if we entered
into it without understanding the true ground
upon which the question stood, to retract and
retrace our steps.
I say, then, we should be justified, as I feel
that I am justified, in voting against loading
this appropriation bill with a disputed question
of this kind, beyond the strict letter certainly
which we have agreed to be bound by. Inas-
much as the Senate has agreed in committee,
notwithstanding the warning of my friend from
Michigan, to go beyond what we are bound to
by this treaty, I think it right that the Senate
should reject this amendment altogether, and
have the question determined upon its own
merits as a separate measure.
Mr. HARLAN. I feel at liberty to say a
word in defense of the Indians. It is said these
Indians made war on the United States, and
therefore all obligation which the United States
were under to pay them money or perform
other valuable service toward them was viti-
ated. Mr. President, we do not hold that
doctrine to be true in relation to the States of
the Union whose people did owe allegiance
to the Government of the United States. The
Government came in possession of the large
amount of bonds issued by the Government
in favor of the State of Texas during the pro-
gress of the war, and she has paid and is now
paying every dollar of that debt. Was not
rebellion on the part of the people of Texas
against the Government of the united States
as great a crime as engaging in the same war
on the part'of this Indian tribe? .
It is said that this indebtedness is of a spu-
rious character. It has been shown by a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee that it is in
lieu of $8,000,000 of hard money paid into the
Treasury of the United States as the proceeds
of the sales of the lands owned by these In-
dians. Instead of giving them a fixed sum for
their lands, we agreed to pay them the net
proceeds of the sales of the lands. Your own
officer, the Secretary of the Interior, investi-
gating the subject under the direction of the
Senate, ascertained and reported to this body
teu or twelve years ago that the net proceeds
amounted to over eight million dollars. The
Indians have received just $250,000 of that
sum, and no more ; but by an unjust applica-
tion of a rule, by which they were charged the
expenses of the survey and disposition of lands
that we gave away, the $8,000,000 has been
cut down to a little over two million dollars ;
and when we have in our pockets over eight
million dollars of their money you say that a
proposition to pay them §2,000,000 is for an
inadequate consideration.
But again, Mr. President, the treaty of 1866
is called in question, and it is said that the
Government of the United States ought not to
have renewed previously existing obligations.
I have partly answered that now; but in addi-
tion to the $8,000,000 we received from the
sale of their lands the Indians, in the same
treaty of 1S66, ceded to the United States over
ten million acres of as good land as was ever
illuminated by the light of day. They agreed
to various considerations valuable to the Uni-
ted States, and among them was the cession of
over ten million acres of land.
They ask merely that the obligations that
we entered into with them before the war
began shall be carried into effect, and that is
all. If this amendment shall be carried it
will be but a very poor, a very inadequate com-
pliance with our contract with these Indians.
Had it been a contract made with France or
England or Prussia, or any other great Power
capable of enforcing its rights against the U nited
States, no member of this body would higgle
for a moment; but because we have contracted
with a weak nation who cannot compel us to
keep faith with them Senators debate the pro-
priety of fulfilling our written contract.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Iowa
admits that a state of war and hostility ab-
solves all contracts between nations, but he
says we have chosen since the war not to insist
upon that doctrine as to Texas. What if we
have not? I take it we may agree to do one
thing with one enemy, and refuse to do the
same thing with another. That is international
lav/, as my friend, one of the members of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, perfectly
well knows.
We are not bound, as the Scri pture says, to pay
an even sum, according to their hours of labor,
to the people who work for us. We maybe
gracious to one and do justice to another, and
be entirely unequal in the results. No doubt
these Indians, to whom we did owe this money
undoubtedly—I think so myself on investiga-
tion—forfeited their right, thatt.hey had to that
j money, and cost us double the amount by their
hostility. Then, in 1866 we entered into a new
bargain, hastily, not understanding the circum-
stances which applied to the case, and now
we are called upon when the situation has not
changed otherwise than by the bare formality
of a treaty, a contract, to pay this money again.
Now, I say, and my friend from Iowa knows
that to be ethics as well as law, that if there
were no just ground upon which we should
have been bound to enter into that treaty, and
we did it hastily and without proper consider-
ation when in justice we were not obliged to
do it, we have a right if we please to retract
and say we will not be boand by an engage-
ment into which we have entered without due
consideration. That is the law between pri-
vate individuals; that is the law which is ad-
ministered ift the courts of equity from day to
day where they refuse to enforce the specific
execution of a contract because one party or
the other entered into it without the full com-
prehension of the facts upon which it existed
and of the consequences that would flow from it.
Now, the question is, whether, that being
the case, we shall ride this appropriation bill
(which ought to be and justly should be always
nothing but the mere appropriation of money
to carry out existing law on undisputed points)
with this great appropriation? That is the
question. I do not propose, by voting against
this amendment to this bill, to decide the
claims of these Indians ; I only propos'e to say
that in the last moments of this session we
ought not to ride down the ordinary and the reg-
ular and legitimate appropriations of the Gov-
ernment by questions involving so much both
of princinle and of money. That is the point.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] and
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Hovvklt,] take
the position that the Indians forfeited all rights
to the amount which was formerly due, in con-
sequence of having entered into the rebellion.
I deny the position. The ground of denial is
this: the Choctaws and other nations had
entered into treaties of peace with the United
States, and the Government of the United
States pledged itself under those treaties_ to
protect the Indians on the reservations which
they occupied. When the rebellion broke out
in the southern section of this country the Uni-
ted States had no troops by which tbey could
protect the Indians in their homes. They were
beset by the enemies of the nation, and, being
beset by them, were forced by them to take
arms with them against the nation. Is there
any forfeiture of obligations on their part when
they were forced into their position, we failing
to give them protection ? No ; there is no for-
feiture, in my judgment, upon that account.
What did they do ? Many of the Indians were
so loyal to this Government that, in spite of
the opposition from southern rebels, they act-
uallyieft their homes and went North, that they
might occupy, at least, positions of neutrality.
Have these Indians forfeited their claims for
debts against the United States? No, sir; and
I do claim |hat the action of this Government
is such as to set aside entirely the claim which
has been presented liere by some honorable
Senators that they have forfeited them.
Mr. HOWARD. I dislike to enter into the
legal discussion which the honorable Senator
from Connecticut seems to invite; and I shall
not, further than to say that, as I understand
the law, the fact that these Indian tribes did
make war upon the United States, that they
joined the enemies of the United States, and
acted in concert with them for the purpose of
overthrowing the Government, is, in my judg-
ment, an act which by public law should be
followed by a forfeiture of all pecuniary claims
against the United States in behalf of these
Indian tribes. I have no doubt about that
principle ; and I fancy my honorable friend from
Connecticut would not seriously dispute it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Allow me to ask a
(juestion. Would these Indians have entered
into that condition of hostility if the Govern-
ment had given them the protection it bad
promised ?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not sijppose that these
Indians entered into the war against the United
States in consequence of the United States fail-
ing to protect them. That is a mere assump-
tion ; I speak it of course with great respect to
