1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
dred and sixty-six, is hereby extended until
the expiration of six months after the passage
of this act, after which time all claims for such
bounties not presented in due form shall be
void; and the fourth section of the act ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, entitled " An act in relation to
additional bounties, and for other purposes,"
ia hereby repealed.
Approved, July It!, 1870.
Chap. CCLIY.—An Act to amend the Natural-
ization Laws and to punish Crimes against
the same, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That in all cases where
any oath, affirmation, or affidavit shall be made
or taken under or by virtue of any act or law
relating to the naturalization of aliens, or in any
proceedings under such acts or laws, and any
person or persons taking or making such oath,
affirmation, or affidavit, shall knowingly swear
or affirm falsely, the same shall be deemed and
taken to be perjury, and the person or persons
guilty thereof shall upon conviction thereof be
sentenced to imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding five years and not less than one year,
and to a fine not exceeding one thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
any person applying to be admitted a citizen,
or appealing as a witness for any such person,
shall knowingly personate any other person
than himself, or falsely appear in the name of
a deceased person, or in an assumed or ficti-
tious name, or if any person shall falsely make,
forge, or counterfeit any oath, affirmation,
notice, affidavit, certificate, order, record, sig-
nature, or otherinstrument, paper, or proceed-
ing required or authorized by any law or act
relating to or providing for the naturalization
of aliens ; or shall utter, sell, dispose of, or
use as true or genuine, or for any unlawful pur-
pose, any false, forged, ante-dated, or counter-
feit. oath, affirmation, notice, certificate, order,
record, signature, instrument, paper, or pro-
ceeding as aforesaid : or sell or dispose of to
any person other than the person for whom it
was originally issued, any certificate of citizen-
ship, or certificate showing any person to be
admitted a citizen; or if any person shall in
any manner use for the purpose of registering
as a voter, or as evidence of a right to vote, or
otherwise, unlawfully, any order, certificate of
citizenship, or certificate, judgment, or exem-
plification, showing such person to be admitted
to bea citizen, whether heretofore or hereafter
issued or made, knowing that such order or
certificate, judgment, or exemplification has
been unlawfully issued or made; or if any per-
son shall unlawfully use, or attempt to use, any
such order or ceitificate, issued to or in the
name of any other person, or m a fictitious
name, or the name of a deceased person ; or
use, or attempt to use. or aid, or assist, or par-
ticipate in the use of any certificate of citizen-
ship, knowing the same to be forged, or coun-
terfeit, or ante dated, or knowing the same to
have been procured by fraud, or otherwise
unlawfully obtained ; or if any person, and
without lawful excuse, shall knowingly have
or be possessed of any false, forged, ante-dated,
or counterfeit certificate of citizenship, pur-
porting to have been issued under the provis-
ions of any law of the United States relating to
naturalization, knowing such certificate to be
talse, forged, ante dated, or counterfeit, with
intent unlawfully to use the same; or if any
person shall obtain, accept, or receive any cer-
tificate of citizenship known to such person to
have been procured by fraud or by the use of
any false name, or by means of any i'alse state-
ment made with intent to procure, or to aid
in procuring, the issue of such certiiicaie, or
known to such person to be fraudulentlyalte''ed
or ante-dated ; or if any person who has besn
or may be admitted to bo a citizen shall, on
oath or affirmation, or by affidavit, knowingly
deny that he has been so admitted, with intent
to evade or avoid any duty or liability imposed
or required by law, every person so offending
shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony,
and, on conviction thereof, shall be sentenced
to be imprisoned and kept at hard labor for a
period not less than one year nor more than
five years, or be fined in a sum not less than
three hundred dollars nor more than one thou-
sand dollars, or both such punishments may
be imposed, in the discretion of thecourt. And
every person who shall knowingly and inten-
tionally aid or abet any person in the commis-
sion of any such felony, or attempt to do any
act hereby made felony, or counsel, advise, or
procure, or attempt to procure, the commis-
sion thereof, shall be liable to indictment and
punishment in the same manner and to the
same extent as the principal party guilty of
such felony, and such person may be tried and
convicted thereof without the previous convic-
tion of such principal.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall knowingly use any certificate
of naturalization heretofore granted by any
court, or which shall hereafter bo granted,
which has been, or shall be, piocured through
fraud or by false evidence, or has been or shall
be issued by the clerk, or any other officer of
the court without any appearance and hearing
of the applicant ia couit and without lawful
authority; and any person who shall falsely
represent himself to be a citizen of the United
States, without having been duly admitted to
citizenship, for any fraudulent purpose what-
ever, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof, in due course of
law, shall be sentenced to pay a fine of not
exceeding one thousand dollars, or be impris-
oned not exceeding two years, either or both,
in the discretion of the court taking cognizance
of the same.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of this act shall apply to all pro-
ceedings had or taken, or attempted to be had
or taken, before any court in which any pro-
ceeding for naturalization shall be commenced,
had, or taken, or attempted to be commenced;
and the courts of the United States shall have
jurisdiction of all offenses under the provisions
of this act, in or before whatsoever court or
tribunal the same shall have been committed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in
any city having upward of twenty thousand
inhabitants, it shall be the duty of the judge
of the circuit court of the United States for the
circuit wherein said city shall be, upon the
application of two citizens, to appoint in writ-
ing for each election district or voting precinct
in said c>ty, and to change or renew said ap-
pointmentasoccasion may require, from time to
time, two citizens i esident of the district or pre-
cinct, one from each political party, who, when
so designated, shall be, and are hereby, author-
ized to attend at all times and places fixed for
the registration of voters, who,being registered,
would be entitled to vote for Representative in
Congress, and at. all times and places for hold-
ing elections of Representatives in Congress,
and for counting the votes cast at said elec-
tions, and to challenge any name proposed to
he registered, and any vote offered, ami to lie
present and witness throughout the counting
of all votes, and to remain where the ballot-
I boxes are kept at all times after the polls are
j open until the votes aie finally counted; and
I said persons and cither of tiiem shall have the
i right lo affix their signature or his signature to
| said register for purposes of identification, and
] to attach thereto, or to the certificate of the
number of votes cast, and [any] statement
I touching the truth or fairness thereof which
they or he may ask to attach ; and any one
who shall prevent any person so designated
from doing any of the acts authorized as afore-
said, or who shall hinder or molest any such
person in doing any of the said acts, or shall
aid or abet in preventing, hindering, or molest-
ing any such person in respect of any such acts,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on con-
viction shall be punished by imprisonment not
less than one year.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That in
any city having upward of twenty thousand
inhabitants, it shall be lawful for the marshal
of the United States for the district wherein
said city shall be, to appoint as many special
deputies as maybe necessary to preserve order
at any election at which Representatives in
Congress are to be chosen ; and said deputies
ave hereby authorized to preserve orderat such
elections, and to arrest for any offense or
breach of the peace committed in their view.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
the naturalization laws are hereby extended to
aliens of African nativity and to persons of
African descent.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLV.—An Act to reduce Internal
Taxes, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofBcp-
rcseiUaticesoflhe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That on and after the
first day of May. eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, the special taxes imposed by the seventy-
ninth section of the act entitled "An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes, " approved June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, as amended
by section nine of the internal revenue act
approved July thirteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and as amended by section two of
the internal revenue act approved March two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed ; but this act shall
not be held to repeal or in any way affect the
spccial tax on brewers imposed by said sec-
tion, or the special taxes imposed by the act
approved July twenty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, entitled "An act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," or the acts amendatory thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That on
and after the first day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, the several taxes on sales
imposed by the internal revenue laws now in
force, saving and excepting such taxes on sales
as are by existing law paid by stamps, and
the taxes oil sales of leaf tobacco, manufac-
tured tobacco, snuff, cigars, foreign and domes-
tic distilled spirits, and wines, imposed by said
act, approved July twenty, eighteen hundred
and sixty eight, and acts amendatory thereof,
be, and the same arc hereby, repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That on
and after the first day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, the taxes imposed by the
internal revenue laws, now in force, herein spe-
cified, be, and the same are hereby, repealed,
namely: on articles in schedule A ; the special
tax on boats, barges and flats ; on legacies and
successions; on passports; and on gross
receipts.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That on
and aftertlic first day of October, eighteenhun-
dred and seventy, the stamp tax imposed in
schedule B on promissory notes for a lesssit>n
than one hundred dollars, and on receipts for
any sum of money, or for the payment of any
debt, and the stamp tax imposed in schednl"
0 on canned and preserved fish, be, and tho
same are hereby, repealed. And no stamp
shall be required upon the transfer or assign-
ment of a moitgage, where itor the instiumeni
it secures has been once duly stamped. And
