3604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
dall] that I have survived his lecture, severe
as it was. It ia the second lecture that I have
received here from the Democratic side of this
House for having failed to come up to a cer-
tain line chalked out by certain gentlemen who
claim to lead the Democracy. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania starts out with the propo-
sition that it is not Democratic to deal in fair-
ness with the heads of the Departments of
this Government.
Mr. RANDALL. I made no such statement.
Mr. AXTELL. Sir, the constituency that
sent me here to represent the largest and the
wealthiest district on this floor 
Several Members. Oh, no I
Mr. AXTELL. My district contains forty-
four thousand voters, and more wealth than
any other district represented on this floor.
[Cries of "Oh, no!'* "Oh, no!"] It em-
braces the whole of the city of San Francisco
and one half of the southern portion of the
State of California. The constituency that I
represent did not send me here to fight this
Government; they sent me here to sustain this
Government. And ia sustaining the provis-
ions of this bill, which has been cut down and
pruned by the Committee on Appropriations
to the point of strict economy, which has been
so reduced, under the guidance $>f a gentleman
who leads, and leads well, in the .path of econ-
omy, it is not for us now to be cutting out item by
item. And yet the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] dares to stand up on this floor
and tell me that the Democracy of this coun-
try are opposed to paying $1,200 a year to a
clerk where his labor is needed in the service
of his country. He is opposed to allowing the
services of a clerk to the paymasters of navy-
yards, and says that he will hold me respons-
ible for my vote on this matter. Sir, where
were forged the bolts which the gentleman so
lamely throws from his weak right hand ? Who
gave him the right or the authority to lecture
me for my votes here ? The true Democracy
of the country, I tell that gentleman, are in
favor of sustaining the honor and the flag of
this country, in peace or in war, whether that
war is waged by rebels in the South or by
enemies from abroad.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, (in his seat.)
Or rebels in the North.
Mr. AXTELL. Or by rebels in the North.
The true Democracy of this country are in
favor of sustaining the honor of its flag against
rebels, wherever they may be found. All who
fight the Government will find enemies in the
true Democracy of this country.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman mean
to apply to me any such language as "rebel in
the North?"
Mr. AXTELL. I say that the true Democ-
racy of the country are in favor of sustaining
the Government.
Mr. RANDALL. I know the gentleman has
been prompted to the utterance he has just
made; and I wish to know whether he applies
it to me?
Mr. AXTELL. The gentleman will have
no difficulty in understanding my position.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman applies
such language to me, he speaks falsely, as my
record proves.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from California [Mr. Axtell] yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall?]
Mr. AXTELL. I do not; I am repelling an
attack, not making one. I stand here to repre-
sent my constituents. We have a navy-yard on
thegreatbayof San Francisco. We areproud
that the Government gave us that navy-yard.
We want it properly sustained. We believe
that this bill embraces appropriations for none
but necessary expenses; and we propose to
vote to pay those expenses. For such votes
neither our Democracy nor our patriotism can
be called in question.
[Here the nammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. FERRISS. I object to its withdrawal.
Mr. Randall's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I
wish to say, in reply to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Axtell,] that I did not at-
tempt to lecture him or any other member of
this House; but I did say that the great mass
of the Democracy of this country wish to see
an economical administration of the Govern-
ment ; and that when he in this instance, a3
he perhaps does uniformly, stands by a propo-
sition looking to an extravagant expenditure
of the public money, he not only misrepresents
the Democracy of the country, but, as I be-
lieve, he misrepresents the great mass of the
people of all parties; and if he feels scourged
at anything I have said in behalf of the Democ-
racy or in behalf of economy, I cannot help it.
When he takes his position he must be respons-
ible for it; and when his position is, accord-
ing to my judgment, wrong, he must submit
with good humor and in good grace to my
criticisms and my castigations.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I rise
to oppose the amendment. I wish to call the
attention of the House to the facts in regard
to this case. The estimate of the Navy De-
partment was for $3,000 for two clerks. These
clerks are both authorized by law at a salary
of $1,000 each. The Department recom-
mended an increase in each instance of $600.
The Committee on Appropriations did not con-
car in that recommendation, but did concur in
the propriety of allowing the two clerks, as
they are both authorized by law. I hope the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Archer] to strike out one of these clerks
will not prevail.
Mr. ARCHER. I hope it will.
The question being taken on Mr. Randall's
amendment to the amendment, it was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Archer, it was not agreed to.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following item, under the
healing " Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:"
For pay of the civil establishment under this bu-
reau at the several navy hospitals and navy-yards.
$50,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to amend by inserting after the paragraph just
read, " For contingencies, $30,000." I think
this amendmentdoes not need any explanation.
Mr. WELKER. I hope the gentleman will
explain why it is necessary.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will do
so. This bureau has had no appropriation of
this kind since 1866, having at that time a large
unexpended balance, which it has been work-
ing with ever since. The contingent expenses
during this period have amounted each year to
$30,000. I could state, if it were desired, the
different matters embraced in these "contin-
gencies but I will assure the committee the
amendment is all right, and I will not take up
further time in explaining it.
Mr. STEVENS. As I understand, this con-
tingent fund now asked for by the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery is for the payment of
funeral expenses of officers and men of the
Navy, freight on medical stores, advertising,
telegrams, transportation of insane patients to
the Government hospital for the insane, ex-
penses attending the naval medical board of
examiners, purchase and repair of hospital
wagons, harness, &c.; purchase and feed of
horses, cows, &c., for hospitals; for the pur-
chase of trees, seeds, garden tools, &c.,for hos-
pital grounds, and legal expenses in protect-
ing the Government property from trespass and
destruction.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, and it is one, I am sure,
will meet with his approval. I move to add
a proviso that in the disbursement of the fund
for funeral expenses no distinction shall be
made between officers of the Navy. It has
been customary, as I understand, to pay the
funeral expenses of certain officers of the
Navy and to deny that privilege to certain
other officers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am
i willing to accept that amendment. Let the
proviso read that there shall be no distinction
in reference to the expenditure of the fund
for funeral expenses between officers of the
line and staff of the Navy; for that is what it
means.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order,
that this is attaching new legislation to one of
the appropriation bills contrary to the rule
of the House.
: Mr. STEVENS. Is it possible that the
[ chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
I rises to a point of order upon this amend-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order upon the ground that it is
perfectly in order for the House to provide
what disposition shall be made of the fund to
be appropriated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I accept
the amendment as a modification of my own.
| It merely provides that there shall be no dis-
tinction between burying line and staff officers
: of the Navy.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Naval Academy:
For pay of professors and others: Three professors,
namely, of French, of Spanish, and of ethics and
English studies, at $1,800 each, 85,400; nineteen as-
sistant professors, namely, five of French, two of
Spanish, four of ethics and English studies, three of
mathematics, one of astronomy, navigation, &c.. one
of natural and experimental philosophy, and three
of drawing, at $1,400 each.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
in line four hundred and eighty-nine to strike
out "three" and insert "four;" in line four
hundred and ninety, after the word "Spanish,"
to insert " and one of chemistry;" in line four
hundred and ninety-three, to strikeout "four"
and insert "three;" and in line four hundred
and ninety-four, to strike out" three" and in sert
" twoso that it will read :
For pay of professors and others; four professors,
namely, of French, of Spanish, and one of chemistry
and of ethics and English studies, at $1,800 each.
$5,400: nineteen assistant professors, namely, five of
French, two of Spanish, three of ethics and English
•tudies, two of mathematics, one of astronomy, nav-
igation, &c., ono of natural and experimental phi-
losophy, and three of drawing, at $1,400 each.
Mr. Chairman, this changes round and re-
duces the number of professors, making a
saving of $1,000.
Mr. SARGENT. Just $1,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why does the gentleman
propose a reduction in the course of mathe-
matics ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is in
accordance with the recommendation of the
Navy Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the Clerk will be
instructed to conform the other figures to the
amendment just adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be done.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That no chief of a
bureau shall make any contract for supplies for the
Navy to be executed in a foreign country, except it
be on first advertising for at least thirty days in two
daily newspapers of the city of Now York, inviting
sealed bids for furnishing the supplies desired, which
bids shall be opened in the presence of the Secretary
of the Navy and the heads of two bureaus, and con-
tracts shall in all cases be awarded to the lowest
bidder; and paymasters for the Navy on foreign
stations shall render with their accounts for settle-
ment an official certificate from the resident consul,
commercial or consular agent of the United State3,
to be furnished gratis, vouching that all purchases
and expenditures made by said paymasters were
made at tho ruling market prices of the port or place
at the time of purchase er expenditure, and no pur-
chase of coal or other naval supplies, exceeding the
value of $100, shall be made in any foreign port
