4548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
from the small postmasters. Postmasters have
no right to frank documents, or to frank news-
papers, or to frank anything but letters in-
dorsed bythem " official business." Whether
they abuse that or not I do not know. If this
amendment be adopted, the only persons de-
prived of the franking privilege will be mem-
bers of Congress and those little postmasters
who have a right to frank their letters on offi-
cial business. I do not know that any com-
plaint has ever been made that they abuse the
(ranking privilege to any great extent, and
therefore the result of adopting this amend-
ment, will be to confess the guilt of Congress,
to put in a plea of guilty to all the charges that
have been made as to the abuse of the frank-
ing privilege ; in other words, to shoulder that
ourselves, take it all upon our shoulders, admit
that we alone are the sinners, we alone are the
persons whose misdeeds, whose abuses of our
privileges, have given rise to the clamor for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Now, sir, without claiming any particular
virtue for members of Congress, my own judg-
ment is that they are quite as honest and quite
as little liable to abuse this privilege as the
headsof Departments, or the heads of bureaus,
or the chief clerks of the bureaus and the hun-
dreds of persons to whom the franking privi-
lege will be reserved if this amendment should
be adopted. At all events, I am not willing to
admit that they are worse than they, and more
likely to abuse the privilege than they. No,
sir; if you take it from one take it from all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is mani-
festly proper that we should make some pro-
vision for the Executive Departments to con-
duct their business. To immediately repeal
the law in relation to franking, and not make
any provision by which they are to conduct
their business, would be a very great incon-
venience, and manifestly improper. Then, so
far as the Senate is concerned, I take it that
a majority of the Senate would be very willing
to be relieved of the franking privilege; and
I have not understood that the Postmaster
General makes any charges against any other
parlies except members of Congress. I only
expect that, this will be a temporary measure ;
I am willing that it should be tried. If the
House of Representatives are willing to give
■up the franking privilege certainly I am willing.
I trust the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. The effect of the amend-
ment, as I understand it, will be to continue
the whole system of franking except that which
is allowed to members of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And post-
masters.
Mr. CAMERON. The postmasters have only
a partial right to frank now. In other words,
it is leaving this whole system of wrong, if it
be wrong, in the hands of the deputy clerks in
every Department of the Government. If we
are to make a reform, why not make it com-
plete and absolute, and let us know what the
expense of every Department of the Govern-
ment will be?
The Senator from Vermont in his remarks
just now was wrong when he said that the
Departments will be deprived of the power of
sending their matter abroad. He is not cor-
rect in that, because they will pay their post-
ages out of their contingent fund, as they do
many other things.
I am not one of those who think anything is
to be gained by the abolition of the franking
privilege, as it is called. I am satisfied that
members of Congress will be relieved from a
great deal of labor, and I am willing to try this,
if the whole thing is abolished. Then when
a bill shall come, as it will after awhile, giving
to members of Congress the right to receive
a certain amount of postage-stamps, I shall
vote against that, for I do not see how any man
can use those stamps without being charged
with doing wrong. I have seen the evil of that
in the Legislature of my own State. I have
known members of the Legislature, while in
session and out of session, carry in their pocket-
books large sheets of stamps, which they gave
to everybody. If a man happened to give a
stamp away honestly, which he had purchased
himself, he was charged with taking it from
the State. So it would bo with us; if we hap-
pened to use a large number we should be cen-
sured ; if we took a stamp out of our pockets
and gave it to a friend we should be charged
with using the public money. And there are
various evils of that kind which I see in con-
nection with allowing members of Congress to
use stamps.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sure,
if the Senator from Pennsylvania will allow
me, that he does not intend to vote against
permitting the Agricultural Department to use
postage stamps; for if he does, he means to
abolish it, and then we shall have to abolish
the Agricultural Committee, which I know
would'be regretted by a large number of Sen-
ators.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator is right; the
abolition of the Agricultural Committee would
be a great loss to its chairman and to his
friends, and especially to the agiiculturists of
the country, but I know too much of the agri-
culturists of this country to believe that they
want to be exempt from the expenses which
are put upon other classes. The honest yeo-
manry of this country, as every man is honest
who tills his own land, would be llio last to
expect you to pay postage upon their docu-
ments or upon their mail matter of any kind.
In short, Mr. President., 1 am in favor, if we
change the system at all, of making a complete
and perfect change, and letting every Depart-
ment of the Government show how much
postage is chargeable to that Department and
how much to the great public. This we can
only do by passing the ouginal bill as it came
from the House of Representatives, with the
exception of the amendment, for which I voted,
that the press shall go free; and why should
not the little newspaper of a remote county
pass through the mail free within the limits of
that county? There can be no objection to
that. That I voted for, as did a majority of
the Senate, and that will carry that useful me-
dium of intelligence through the country free
and benefit the poorer patt of the people. The
large papers of the cities can take care of
themselves, because they make money from
their advertisements. The country editor lives
only upon his subscribers. He issues his sheet
weekly generally, and ha receives his pay at
remote periods, and often in kind, generally in
wood, in coal, in beef, and other necessaries
of his family. That man ought to be exempted,
because he is really the true schoolmaster of
the country. It is he who has sent intelligence
throughout this country to a greater degree
than it has been distributed in any other coun-
try in the world.
Mr. RAMSEY. It strikes me that the course
of the Senate on the subject of the abolition
of the franking privilege is most extraordinary,
and certainly the course of the Senator from
Vermont is more extraordinary than that of
anybody else. On this occasion, and upon
every other that the bill granting a pension to
Mrs. Lincoln, the widow of our deceased and
revered President, lias been up, lie has most
obstinately opposed it in every shape and form.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I beg the
Senators pardon; I think I have not said one
word about that.
Mr. RAMSE1. The Senator has voted
against it in every form in which it has been
presented.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I voted to
take up the franking bill instead of that tins
morning. That is all my votes have shown.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now the Senator insists that
no proposition for the abolition of the franking
privilege shall go upon this post office appro^
priation bill unless on condition that the priv-
ilege of franking matter, granted to Mrs. Lin-
coln by special act. shall still be continued.
He has opposed granting her a pension of
$3,000 a year; but ho is struggling tooth and
toe-nail to preserve to her this little privilege
of franking letters over there in Frankfort,
Germany, where, I presume, she never exer-
cises it. She is the only party whom that pro-
vision of his amendment would include, which
provides for reserving the privilege to those on
whom it has been specially conferred by name
by law. The only person standing in that
relation to the Government is Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. CAMERON. There is Mrs. Polk.
Mr. RAMSEY. No ; Mrs. Polk's privilege
has expired, and every other special-privilege
except that of Mrs. Lincoln. By the act of
18G3 the franking privilege was taken from
every one except those whom that act mei^
tioned, and subsequently it was conferred on
Mrs. Lincoln by another act. The Senator
from Vermont, in season and out of season,
insists uoon that particular provision in regard
to franking being allowed to Mrs. Lincoln.
Mr. TliURMAN. Has not ex-President
Fillmore the franking privilege ?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir. If the Senator
will look at the act of 1803 he will find that
the parties upon whom it is conferred are par-
ticularly described, and it is taken from all
others who had it theretofore ; and it was sub-
sequently conferred upon Mrs. Lincoln, so that
she is the only person affected by that particu-
lar provision of the Senator's amendment.
Then the Senator from Vermont is very anx-
ious that the right of petition shall be con-
served by allowing petitions to Congress to
pass through the mails free of postage. Mr.
President, 1 presume that not ten per cent, of
the petitions sent by the people of this coun-
try to legislative bodies come to Congress; but
they mainly go to their local Legislatures, and
there is no provision for sending them free to
those Legislatures. Why this great anxiety in
regard to petitions coming to Congress through
the mails free? Who in the world ever heard
of an American citizen who objected to paying
three cents, or possibly six cents, for a peti-
tion on an important and vital matter to him?
I know that my constituents who ask for land
grants would not object to paying three cen-ts,
especially if the grant was made finally.
Then, again, here is an important officer, in
the judgment of the Senator from Vermont,
the Commissioner of Agriculture, above all
other officers, to whom this especial privilege
is to be reserved. What doe3 the Senate sup-
pose is the judgment of that Commissioner as
to what his postage will amouut to annually?
lie has furnished me with an estimate of what
he would require, and it is but §25,000. I have
no doubt, the general contingent fund of his
office, in the absence of special legislation to
relieve him, would enable him to carry that
through. But the Senate need not be disap-
pointed. Should there be no affirmative legis-
lation here, I will, if this amendment is rejected,
if it be deemed desirable on the part of the
Senate, offer an amendment providing for the
Executive Departments an appropriation of
money to purchase the stamps necessary to pay
postage on their official correspondence. I do
not insist on that: but, I say if the Senate shall
insist upon it the difficulty can be relieved in
that way.
Mr. President, in another view this to me is
most extraordinary. You would suppose this
matter of the abolition of the franking privilege
was brought to the attention of the Senate for
the first time at this session. I have brought
it to the attention of Senators that for fifty
years the Postmasters General of the United
States have presjed upon Congress the pro-
priety of its abolition. Eminent men of the
Democratic party, the Whig party, and the
Republican party have unceasingly pressei
the importance of the abolition of this privilege
as ftssontial to the due administration of tfie
affairs of that great Department.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpen-
ter] the other day enlarged eloquently opon
