1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TO 3
Laivs of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
jeet to regulations to be proscribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Sue. 13. And be it further enacted, That
any person, in his own behalf, or as sack fidu-
ciary or agent, shall be permitted to declare,
under oath, that he, or his ward, beneficiary,
or principal, was not possessed of an income
of two thousand dollars, liable to be assessed
according to the provisions of this act; or may
declare that an income tax has been assessed
and paid elsewhere in the same year, under
authority of the United States, upon his income,
gains, and profits, or those cf his ward, bene-
ficiary, or principal, as required bylaw; and
if the assistant assessor shall be satisfied of the
truth of the declaration, t>uch person shall
thereupon be exempt from income tax in the
said district.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That
consuls of foreign Governments who are not
citizens of the United States shall be exempt
from any income tax imposed by this act which
may be derived from their official emoluments,
or fiom property in foreign countries: Pro-
vided, That the Governments which such con-
suls may represent shall extend similar exemp-
tion to consuls of the United States.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That
there shall be levied and collected for and
during the year eighteen hundred and seventy-
one a tax of two and one half per centum on
the amount of all interest or coupons paid on
bondvs or other evidences of debt issued and
payable in one or more years after date, by
any of the corporations in this section herein-
after enumerated, and on the amount of all
dividends of earnings, income, or gams here-
after declared, by any bank, trust company,
savings institution, insurance company, rail-
road company, canal company, turnpike com-
pany, canal navigation company, and slack-
water company, whenever and wherever the
same shall be payable, and to whatsoever per-
son the same may be due, including non-resi-
dents, whether citizens or aliens, and on all
undivided profits of any such corporation which
have accrued and been earned and added to
any surplus, contingent, or other fund, and
every such corporation having paid the tax as
aforesaid is hereby authorized to deduct and
withhold from any payment on account of
interest, coupons, and dividends an amount
equal to the tax of two and one half per centum
on the same; and the payment to the United
States, as provhled by law, of the amount of
tax so deducted from the interest, coupons,
and dividends aforesaid, shall discharge the
corporation from any liability for that amount
off-aid interest, coupons, or dividends, claimed
as due to any person, except in cases where
paid corporations have piovided otherwise by
an express contract: Provided, That the tax
upon the dividends of insurance companies
shall not lie deemed due until such dividends
are payable, either in money or otherwise;
and that the money returned by mutual insur-
ance companies to their policy holders, and
the annual or seini-ainiuai interest allowed or
paid to the depositors in savings banks or sav-
ings institutions, shall not be considered as
dividends; and that when any dividend is
made, or interest as aforesaid is paid, which
includes any part of the surplus or contingent
fund ofany corporation which has been assessed
and the tax paid theieon, or which includes
any part of the dividends, interest or coupons,
received from othercorporationswhose officers
are authorized by law to withhold e per centum
oil the same, the amount of tax so paid on that,
portion of the surplus or contingent fund, and
the amount of tax which has been withheld
and paid on dividends, interest, or coupons so
received, may be deducted Irom the tax on
such dividend or interest.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That
every person having the care or management
of any corporation liable to be taxed under the
last preceding section, shall make and render
to the assessor or assistant assessor of the dis-
trict in which such person has his office for
conducting the business of such corporation,
on or before the tenth day of the month fol-
lowing that in which any dividends or sums
of money become due or payable as aforesaid,
a true and complete return, in such form as
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
prescribe, of the amount of income and profits
and of taxes as aforesaid: and there shall be
annexed thereto a declaration of the president,
cashier, or treasurer of the corporation, under
oath, that the same contains a true and com-
plete account of the income and profits and of
taxes as aforesaid. And for any default in the
making or rendering of such return, with such
declaration annexed, the corporation so in
default shall forfeit, as a penalty, the sum
of one thousand dollars; and in case of any
default in making or rendering said return, or
of any default in the payment of the tax as
required, or of any part thereof, the assess-
ment and collection of the tax and penalty
shall be in accordance with the general pro-
visions of law in other cases of neglect and
refusal.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, Thutnec-
tions one hundred and twenty, one hundred
and twenty-one, one hundred and twenty-two,
and one hundred and twenty-three of the act
of June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, entitled "An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay inter-
est on the public debt, andforotherpurposes,"
as amended by the act of July thirteen, eight-
een hundred andsixt.y-six, and the act of March
two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, shall
be construed to impose the taxes therein men-
tioned to the first day of August, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, but after that date no further
taxes shall be levied or assessed under said sec-
tions ; and all acts and parts of acts relating to
the taxes herein repealed, and that all the pro-
visions of said acts, shall continue in full force
for levying and collecting all taxes properly
assessed or liable to be assessed, or accruing
under the provisions of former acts, or draw-
backs, the right to which has already accrued
or which may hereafter accrue under said acts,
and for maintaining and continuing liens, fines,
penalties, and forfeitures incurred under and
by virtue thereof. And this act shall not be
construed to affect any act done, right accrued,
or penalty incurred under former acts, but every
such right is hereby saved. And for carrying
out and completing all proceedings which have
been already commenced or that may be com-
menced to enforce such fines, penalties, and
forfeitures, or criminal proceedings under said
acts, and for the pnuishmeiitof crimes of which
any party shall be or has been found guilty.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized to annex to,
and unite with each other, two or more adjoin-
ing collection districts, whenever in his opin-
ion it wili leduee the expenses of collecting
the internal levenue, without impairing the
efficiency of the service ; and thereupon shall
letain but one collector and one assessor lor
such enlarged district. And the President is
also authorized to consolidate in like maimer,
at his discretion, any two or more adjoining
supervisors' districts, and to retain or appoint
one supervisor for such consolidated district.
Skc. 1!) And be it further enacted, That_ s
soon as practicable after the passage of this
act the number of assistant assessors employed
shall be permanently reduced by the discbarge
of ail officers of that class who aie assigned
specially to the assessment of any taxes which
shall have been abolished by law; and (be
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall be
required further to reduce the nuinberot assist-
ant assessors m proportion to any reduction
of the service of assessment which has been
made, or may hereafter be made, by the repeal
ofany portion of the internal taxes.-
Sue. 20. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion sixty-seven of an act approved July thir-
teen, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxation, and to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses,' approved Junethirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four," be amended by inserting after
the words "that in auycase civil or criminal,"
the words "at law or in equity;'' also, by in-
serting after the words "if the suit were com-
menced in the eoiut below by summons," the
words following: " subpena, petition, or by
any other form of action except as hereinafter
provided;" also, by inserting after the words
"or if it wore commenced by capias," the
words following: "or by any similar form
of proceeding by which a personal arrest is
ordered."
Seo. 21. Andbe it further enacted, That after
the thirty-lirst day of December, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, in lieu of of the duties now
imposed by law on the articles hereinafter
enumerated orprovided for imported from for-
eign countries, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid the following duties and rates of
duties, thai is to say :
On teas of all kinds, fifteen centsper pound.
On cotfeeof all kinds, three cents per pound.
On cacao, or cocoa, two cents per pound.
On cocoa leaves or shells, one cent per pound.
On ground or prepared cacao, or cocoa, five
cents per pound ; and on chocolate, seven cents
per pound.
On all molasses, five cents per gallon.
On tank-bottom sirup of sugar-cane juice,
melada,concentrated melada, and concentrated
molasses, one and one half cents per pound.
On all raw or muscovado sugar not above
number seven, Dutch standard in color, one
and three quarter cents per pound.
On all raw or muscovado sugar above num-
ber seven, Dutch standard in color, and on all
other sugars not above number ten, Dutch
standard in color, two cents per pound.
Oil all othersugars above number ten, Dutch
standard m color, and not above number thir-
teen, Dutch standard in color, two and one
quarter cents per pound.
On all other sugars above number thirteen,
Dutch standard in color, and not above num-
ber sixteen, Dutch standard in color, two and
three quarter cents per pound.
On all other sugars above number sixteen,
Dutch standard in color, and not above num-
ber twenty, Dutch standard in color, three and
one quarter cents per pound.
On all sugar above number twenty, Dutch
standard in color, andon all refined loaf, lump,
crushed, powdered, and granulated sugar, four
cents per pound : Provided, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall, by legulations, pre-
scribe and require thatsamples shall be taken
by inspector from the hogshead, box, or
other package, in such a manner as to repre-
sent a true average of the content.sof the pack-
age, and lVom a suilicieut number of packages
of the same mark in each and every invoice,
so that the samples on which the classification
is made shall be a fair average in quality of
the sugar imported under that mark, and the
classification shall be adjudged on the entire
mark accordingly : and the weights of sugar
imported in casks or boxes shall be marked
distmc'ly by the custom-house weigher by
scoring the figures indelibly ou each package:
Provided. That ail sirup of sugar, sirup of
sugar cane juice, melada, concentrated mela-
da, or concentrated molasses entered under
the name ot molasses, shall be forfeited to the
United States.
Ou all wines imported in casks, containing
