1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1717
went may be military or civil. The provisional
government of Georgia isacivil one under the
military control of the national authority. The
government of Lamartine, in France, was pro-
visional, but was the result of the will of the
people- A provisional government may be
as lawful as any other; it may be the product
of the free will of the people as the present
provisional government of Geoigia is, or there
might be a provisional government established
by superior power, which in time of war might
be necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Can a provis-
ional government be said to be such a gov-
ernment in the States as was contemplated by
the framero of the Constitution for the purpose
of ratifying amendments to the Constitution?
Mr. LAWRENCE. That would lead into
a long-argument on constitutional law, upon
which 1 have given my opinion so often that
certainly I cannot be expected to ge over the
whole ground again just now.
r. BENJAMIN, Will the
gentleman yield
Mr.
to uie for a remark?
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I mustiusist that
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,]
in justice to the other members of the-com-
mittee, shall now yield the floor. The chair-
man of the committee has announced that he
will call the previous question after the morn-
ing hour on Monday, and the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] and several others
desire to be heard after I shall have addressed
ilie House. The gentleman has had an hour
and three quarters.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not desire to hold
the floor any longer to keep other gentlemen
from addressing the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will state the position of matters." The hour
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
has now commenced. Does that gentleman
yield to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
bexxmiin ?]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] one
question in connection with the subject of
these provisional governments.
Mr. BECK. I object to the gentleman from
Illinois being again called up after he has had
his hour. If it was a simple question to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] I would
uot object.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It will not occupy a sin-
gle minute. One of three propositions is true,
and I wish to know which of those three, in
the gentleman's judgment, is the true one.
Either these provisional governments may rat-
ify a constitutional amendment, or those State
governments which are not provisional are
alone to be counted ia the ratification, or the
thirteenth amendment has never been ratified.
Mr. BECIL I think I can answer that ques-
tion myself, and propose to do so before I
conclude.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to follow the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] through
the rambling arguments he has addressed to
the House. Nor do I intend to follow him with
reference to his remarks on the policy of the
Republican party. Nor do I propose to defend
the Democratic party. We are here discuss-
ing the question of our right to legislate further
in reference to Georgia. And I want to answer
more especially the argument of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] chairman
of the committee. But before I do that I desire
to say that while I offered an amendment in
the nature of a substitute I shall insist upon
'this floor that no legislation is necessary; that
Georgia being a State of this Union, and hav-
ing complied with all the requirements, even
of the Republican party, all that remains is for
her Representatives to present themselves here
and he sworn in as such, and for her Senators
to present themselves to the Senate of the
United States and be sworn in as such. Then
it will be for this House and the Senate, when
those Representatives and Senators respect-
ively present themselves, to say whether these
particular persons are the right men or not to
take the seats, or whether they have the proper
credentials.
If, however, any legislation is to be had, then
the amendment which I offer in the nature of a
substitute is right, to wit, that Georgia is entitled
to representation, and that an election of mem-
bers of Congress should be had. But as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] has been
arguing upon a great many questions, before I
proceed to refer to the remarks of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] 1 desire to
say now to the House that if the doctrine of
the gentleman from Ohio is the doctrine of the
Republican party—and I suppose it is, for he
seems to be one of the shining lights of the
party—then neither North Carolina nor South
Carolina nor Alabama, nor any of the States
embraced in the omnibus bill, as it has been
called, are at this day States of this Union.
Their Representatives are here illegally, and
their Senators sit in the Senate in violation of
law ,* for the omnibus bill which declared that
Georgia was entitled to representation in Con-
gress put her precisely in the same category
with all those other States. It declares as
follows:
"Wherws the peopleof North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Fioridahave,
in pursuance of the provisions of an aet entitled
'An act for the more efficient government of the
rebel States,' pawed March 2,1367, and the acts sup-
plementary thereto, framed constitutions of State
government which are republican, and haveadopted
said constitutions by large majorities of the votes
cast at the elections neld for the ratification or rejec-
tion of the same: Therefore,
" Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseofliepresenia-
tivet of the United State* of America in Congren* aniem-
bled, That each- of the States of North Carolina,
South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida shall bo entitled and admitted to represent-
ation in Congress as a State of the Union when the
Legislature of such State shall have duly ratified
the amendment to the Constitution of the United
States," Ac.
That was an act passed on the 25th June,
1868, by both Houses, and signed by the Pres-
ident. ft was the only act that we ever passed
relative to any of those States. And if that
act does not authorize Georgia to send her
Representatives here, then it does not author-
ize North Carolina, South Carolina, Louis-
iana, Alabama, or Florida to send their Rep-
resentatives here. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] has been contending that it
required, subsequent action, subsequent legis-
lation by Congress ; that the act merely said
that Georgia should be entitled to admission
on doing certain things, but required subse-
quent legislation, to admit her after doing those
things.
Now, sir, each of the States that I have
named did the things required in that law,
Georgia as well as the others, and no subse-
quent legislation was ever had in regard to any
of them. I hold in my hand the Globe con-
taining the reference of the credentials of the
Representatives from Florida, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Alabama, and Arkansas, and
they were submitted in the same way and
reported upon in the same manner as those of
the Representatives from Georgia, no other
and no different legislation having ever taken
place in regard to those States than what has
taken place in regard to Georgia. And yet
every one of the gentlemen from those other
States holds his seat upon this floor and the
Senators hold their seats in the Senate under
that law of June 25, 1868, which puts Georgia
upon precisely the same footing as every one
of them, and if she cannot send Representa-
tives here, then they cannot. To every fair-
minded man that would seem to be a sufficient
answer to the tirade of the gentleman from
Ohio, as no man of any party pretends that
there is any irregularity even, far less any ille-
gality, in the representation of any one of those
States in either branch of Congress.
The gentleman from Massachusetts seemed
to intimate that there was a difference in our
legislation with regard to Georgia in the acts
referred to. There was no difference at all,
except in this: that by certain sections of the
seventeenth article of her constitution it was
believed that certain debts would be repudi-
ated, and she was required to annul two sub-
divisions of section one of article seventeen
of her constitution, in addition to what the
other States were required to do; and she did
it. That fact was reported back and acqui-
esced in here as having been done. In every
other regard she stands the same as the other
States embraced in the omnibus bill, with no
other or further conditions. The intimation
of the gentleman from Massachusetts yester-
day that Congress then had something against
Georgia that it did not have against the other
States had a tendency to mislead, if it was not
intended to mislead this House, and make mem-
bers believe that Georgia was held to differ-
ent conditions from those imposed on the other
States, and that ehe was even then regarded
by Congress with suspicion and distrust. Such
is not the fact, and there is nothing in our
] legislation to warrant the assumption or insiu-
uation of the gentleman.
The gentlemau from Massachusetts went fur-
• tlier, and stated in the hearing of the House,
i as though he intended the House to believe it,
j what I read from the Globe:
"She never yet has been admitted 'by law.' Her
delegation has never been adinittedatall in Congress.
Two of her Representatives only were admitted hero
by mistake and misapprehension, and only two."
Now, every member within the sound of his
! voice, who was a member of the Fortieth Con-
! gress, or who knows the history of legislation
there, knew that Mr. Cliff, Mr. Prince, Mr.
Tift, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Gove, and Mr. Young,,
six Representatives from Georgia, held seats
upon this floor from that day till the close of
the Fortieth Congress, voting for or against
every law that was passed, and with equal rights
to every member upon this floor. And yet the
gentleman from Massachusetts had the assur-
ance to get up in his place here and say that
only two Representatives from Georgia were
admitted under a misapprehension of the facts,
and that the others were all kept out! It shows
one of two things, either that he thinks his party
are a §et of fools, and will believe every word
he sajs, or else he has such a feeble cause that
he cannot stand upon the facts, but has to per-
vert them to make up his argument. He must
know the facts to be conclusive against him or
he would not attempt to pervert them as he did.
He is too good a lawyer ever to misstate facts
when he can sustain the conclusions he seeks
to arrive at by a correct statement. His mis
statement in this case is only an acknowledg
ment of the weakness of his cause.
Now, sir, turning again for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] ifthe
doctrine of that gentleman is correct,.I ^"ant
the Republican party to stand up'OU it and
maintain it. If these Statei governments were
provisional governments <fnly, then their ratifi-
cation of the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fif-
teenth amendments has been done by provis-
ional governments, when all civil government
was blotted out, when military law was in force,
when the people were not free, when the writ
of habeas corpus was suspended ; and if that
was their condition when they ratified those
amendments, then I shall assert and the coun-
try will assert that every one of those amend-
ments is null and void and has not been duly
ratified. What does the Constitution provide
| in regard to amendments of that instrument?
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
! shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendmen ts
to this Constitution; or, on the application ot too
Legislatures of two thirds of the several btates, shall
cau a convention for proposing amendments, which
in either case shall be valid to all intents and pur-
poses, aspartofthisConstitution,whenratifiedbytne
Legislatures of three fourths of the several States."
If these southern States, so called, were not
States, but mere military districts Or territorial
dependencies, and their Legislatures were pro-
visional Legislatures, then their ratification
falls to the ground, because the Constitution
