1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Island [Mr. Jenckes] said the other day that
under the present tariff the price of this rubber
webbing had gone down from 25 to 85 per
cent. ; to which I agreed. And why? Because
the rubber patents under which the most of the
webbing was made base expired. And now,
having got rid of the rubber patent monopoly,
the proposition of this bill is to add 10 per
cent, to the present tariff, which is only 50 per
cent. Just as soon as the shoemakers get rid
of the rubber monopoly they are met with a
higher tariff of duties. •
I know the desire of members of the Com-
mittee of the Whole to go with the Committee
of Ways and Means. But in this case the
Committee of Ways and Means have expressed
no judgment at all; they have proposed no
legislation in regard to it. They say in this
bill, "on all manufactures of mixed mate-
rials, silk being a component material of chief
value, not otherwise provided for, 60 per cent.
ad valoremThis webbing is a manufacture
of silk and rubber, of which silk is the largest
component part, and as such it would come
under this GO per cent, ad valorem, tariff. Now,
the question is whether you will make this
webbing—which to the shoemaker is a raw
material, and the silk and rubber of which we
have to import in order to manufacture the
webbingin this country—the question is whether
you will make this webbing the subject of an
actually prohibitory tariff. I propose this
amendment in behalf of manufacturers as well
as consumers. I propose it in behalf of the
shoe interest, which is the largest manufac-
turing interest in this country. There is to-
day no interest in this country so large as the
shoe interest, while there are, perhaps, but
three or four rubber manufacturers in this
country, protected by patents, who desire the
further protection of a tariff. I am reminded
by a gentleman near me that crude India-rub-
ber comes in free. Now, 1 say again that we
had better pension and board at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel every man engaged in this par-
ticular trade rather than tax the shoe business
in this manner.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I agree
with my colleague upon one point: ifthe House
understands this question I have no doubt what
the result of the vote will be. The gentleman
says that rather than allow the rate of duty pro-
posed in the bill we had better destroy, as he
confesses his amendment would, this particular
branch of manufacture.
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts. I have not
said that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman has argued that the interests of the
shoe manufacturers are so much greater than
those involved in the manufacture of lastings,
&c., that it is not necessary to protect the latter.
I stated the other day, and the gentleman has
not since disputed the statement, that since
these articles have been manufactured in this
country the price has been reduced by the com-
petition of the foreign manufacture 25 to 83
per cent. When I made that statement the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexcises]
corrected meby saying that the percentage was
even greater. I affirm that the figures show a
great reduction in price as the consequence of
competition. The proposition of the gentle-
man, if adopted, would throw the whole man-
ufacture where it formerly was, into the hands
of the foreign manufacturer.
The gentleman has referred to the patents
connected with this business. Sir, there are no
patents upon this branch of manufacture at the
present day. The patents have all expired, and
the manufacture is free. I find on examina-
tion that so great is the competition that dur-
ing the last year the duty collected upon the
importation of the class of goods we are dis-
cussing was nearly $1,000,000.
But,, says the gentleman, there are more per-
sons engaged in the shoe manufacture, and
therefore we should destroy this particular
industry because of the greater number of per-
sons engaged in the shoe interest. Now, the
gentleman will see that his argument proves
too much. There are more people using shoes
than there are shoe manufacturers. If there are
1,000 shoe manufacturers in his district I say
there are 100,000 consumers ; and if there is
any force in the argument by which he would
persuade this House to destroy the manufac-
ture of lastings, the same argument would be
still more powerful as a reason for doing away
witji the duty upon shoes, and adopting in that
respect free trade.
But my colleague goes even further than the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.] The
latter gentleman openly and froely declared
himself in favor of free trade; but my colleague
proposes to legislate in favor of the foreign
manufacturer at the rate of 85 per cent, ad
valorem. We have already placed a duty of
CO per cent, upon silk; and the manufactured
article pays just the same duty as the raw mate-
rial—GO per cont. The gentleman proposes
that the raw material shall still stand at 60 per
cent., while the duty on the manufactured article
shall be reduced to 25 per cent., thus discrim-
inating in favor of the foreign manufacturers
and againstourown manufacturers to theextent
of 35 per cent. The gentleman from New
York said lie would be satisfied with free trade;
but my colleague proposes that the foreign
manufacturer shall be specially benefited at the
expense of thahome manufacturer.
As I have before remarked, this material is
one entering into the manufacture of the most
expensive shoes that arc made in this country ;
and the committee, I presume, thought it ne-
cessary to place the duty high on account of
the revenue. If the House sees fit to fix the
duty upon silk at 50 per cent, and that upon
lastings at the same rate, so bo it; or if it be
the interest of the Government to reduce the
duty on the raw material to 40 per cent., and
on the manufactured article to the same rate,
I shall notobject; but one duty cannot be prop-
erly and justly reduced without reducing the
other.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr.
Butler, of Massachusetts, as modified, there
were—ayes 44, noes 48.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Kelsey were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 03, noes 53.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of .New York. Before we
leave this paragraph of the bill, I desire to ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether the provision does not raise
the duty on cotton materials mixed with silk
from 25 to GO per cent. In other words, I
would like the gentleman to stale how this
paragraph compares with the corresponding
provision of the existing tariff.
Mr. SCHENCK. The difference is that
between 50 per cent, and 00.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not un-
derstand these matters as the chairman of the
committee does. I understand it to be a large
increase on cotton mixed material.
Mr. SCHENCK. I refer the gentleman to
page 9;
On webbing, bindings, braids, galloons, fringes,
gimps, and head-nets, manufactured or made wholly
or in part of wool, worsted or goat's hair, 50 ecnts
per pound, and, in addition thereto, 33 per cont. ad
valorem.
It is put down from 50 per cent, ad valorem
to 83 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let me say
that I see by the Globe, as I did not hear it in
the House, that " cotton and linen" are in-
serted in the two hundred and seventh line of
the bill with wool worsted, and there made
to pay 50 cents per pound and 85 per cent., and
thus raised on the motio>i of the 'gentl'efrian
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,]_ under the
suggestion, as he states, of the gentleman-
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Washbum.-] My
friend from Tennessee is one of "the most hou-.
est men in the world ; and I would go any-
where if it were necessary to defend him from
any imputation or accusation; but if the man-
ufacturers of webbing, binding, braids, fringes,
gimps, head-nets, &c., were,to build for him
a palace therefor, worth half a million dollars,
they would only return what the bounty such a
successful Motion of 50 cents per pouiid and
35 per cent, ad valorem, would give them.
Mr. MAYNARD. I want the gentleman
from New York to say distinctly whether he
intimates the motion i made, or that any mo-
tion I made, was influenced by any considera-
tion of the kind.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Not in the
least. I imputed to him no such motive. I
know lie is above, far above any such con-
siderations, and I account for "his action only
upon his great zeal for the protection which
blinds his eyes and tempts him to such action.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all manufactures of silk not otherwise provided
for in this act, CO per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to make a verbal
change in this phraseology by inserting after
the word "not" the word "herein."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I next move to strike out
inline two hundred and seventy-eight the words
"in this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
committee to move the following :
l'agel2, at the ond ofline two hundred and seventy-
eight, add the following words: "on flax straw
per toil."
Mr. COX. I wish to move an amendment
to a preceding clause.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will withdraw my
amendment for the present.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out "00 " and
insert "40 per cent." on all articles of silk
not otherwise provided for, and J do so for the
purpose of making a remark. Mr. Chairman,
as it has been said by you in enforcing atten-
tion, there are many gentlemen interested in
this bill. It goes homo not only to all the peo-
ple, but to our constituents m various ways.
ffhG reason why I make the motion is because
there are many goods in which silk is intro-
duced. Woolen is more or less mixed with
silk, as well as worsted and cotton. I do it
in connection with the table I brought here the
other day, the admiration marks on which so
much excited the attention of my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Suiienok.] The same merchants,
Benkard & Hutton, who sent me that table
seem to have been observant of the debates
here. One of the firm has noted my statement
that there were various ad valorem duties on
these articles running above 100 per cent., and
which excited the surprise of gentlemen on
the other side. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] thought it was a fraudu-
lent statement. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenuk] thought it to be a bugbear.
I ask to have a letter from, this gentleman read
in reference to this matter, which will show
this House this bill is not entirely founded on
intelligence. Intelligence comes from custom-
houses, from importers, fromauthenticsources;
but the committco have not based theiraction
precisely on that sort of foundation.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Washington, April 13,1870.
Sib: I have seen with pleasure the defense you
made of the merchants and importers of New York
during the debate on the tariff, as published in the
Ulobc of the 12th instant, and as well the use which
was made of the tabular statement prepared by my
firm, exhibiting the various percentages ad valorem
on the articles specified in that statement. I have
also noticed in tie same paper the remarks made in
