704
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
41st Cong....2d Sesss.
Laws of the United States,
not more than twenty-two per centum of alco-
hol, and valued at not exceeding forty cents
per gallon, twenty-five cents per gallon ; valued
at over forty cents, and not over one dollar per
gallon, sixty cents per gallon ; valued at over
one dollar per gallon, one dollar per gallon,
and in addition thereto twenty-fiveper centum
ad valorem.
Oil wines of all kinds, imported in bottles,
and not otherwise herein provided for, the
same rate per gallon as wines imported in
casks, but all bottles containing ono quart or
less than one quart, and more than one pint,
shall be held to contain one quart, and all
bottles containing one pint or less, shall be
held to contain one pint, and shall pay in
addition three cents for each bottle.
On champagne and all other sparkling wines,
in bottles, six dollars per dozen bottles con-
taining each not more than one quart and more
ihau one pint; and three dollars per dozen
bottles containing not more than one pint
each, and more than one half pint; and one
dollar and fifty cents per dozen bottles, con-
taining one half pint each, or less; and in
bottles containing more than one quart each,
shall pay, in addition to six dollars per dozen
bottles, at tlie rate of two dollars per gallon
on the quantity in excess of one quart per
bottle: Provided, That, any liquors containing
more than twenty-two per centum of alcohol,
which shall be entered under the name of wine,
shall lie forfeited to the United States: And
provided further, That wines, brandy, and
other spirituous liquors imported in bottles
shall be packed in packages containing not
less than one. dozen bottles in each package ;
and nil such bodies shall pay an additional
duty of three cents for each bottie ; no allow-
ance shall be ma.de lor breakage unless such
breakage is aclnallv ascertained by count, and
certified by a custom-house appraiser ; and so
much of section fifty-nine ol an act entitled
"An act toiegulate the collection of duties on
impoits and tonnage," approved March two,
Seventeen hundred and ninety-nine, as pro-
vided for allowance for leakage and breakage,
is hereby iepealed.
On brandy and on other spiiits manufactured
or distilled from grain or other materials, and
not otherwise provided for, two dollais per
proof gallon: Provided, That each and every
gauge or wine gallon of measurement shall be
counted as at least one proof gallon: and tile
standard for determining the proof of brandy
and other spirits, and of wine or liquors of
nnv kind imported, shall be the same as that
which is defined in the second section of the
"act, imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for oilier purposes," approved
July twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
On cordials, liqneuis, artack, absynthe,
kirshvvasser, vermuth, latafia, and other sim-
ilar spirit nous bevei ages, of bitters containing
spirits, and not otherwise providi d for, two
dollars per proof gallon : Provided, That any
brandy or other spirituous liquors imported in
casks of less capacity than fourteen gallons
shall be forfeited to the United Slates.
On pimento and on black, white, and red or
cayenne pepper, five cents per pound.
On ground pimento and on ground pepper
of all kinds, ten cents per pound.
On ginget root, two cents per pound.
On ginger, ground, five cents per pound.
On c.nnnmon and on nutmegs, twenty cents
per (.lined
On mace. twenty-five cents per pound.
On flcu-s. five cents per pound.
On clove steins, thioe cents per pound.
On cassia and cassia vera, ten cents per
pound.
On cassia buds and ground cassia, twenty
cents per pound.
Oo all other spices, twenty cenls per pound :
ground or prepared, thirty cents per pound.
On corsets, or manufactured cloth, woven
or made in patterns of such size, shape, and
form, or cut in such manner as to be fit for
corsets, when valued at six dollars per dozen
or less, two dollars per dozen; when valued
over six dollai'3 per dozen, thirty-five per
centum ad valorem.
On eyelets of every description, six cents
per thousand.
On ultramarine, six cents per pound.
On wools on the skin, the same rates as on
other wools, the quantity and value to be
ascertained under such rules as th  Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe.
On flax straw, five dollars per ton.
On flax not hackled or dressed, twenty dol-
lars per ton; on flax hackled, known as
" dressed line," forty dollars per ton.
On hemp, manilla, and other like substitutes
for hemp, not otherwise provided for, twenty-
five dollars per ton.
On the tow of flax or hemp, ten dollars pet-
ton.
On jute, sunn, coir, and Sisal grass, fifteen
dollars per ton.
On jute buts, six dollars per ton.
On cotton bagging, or other manufactures,
not otherwise provided for, suitable for the
uses to which cotton bagging is applied, com-
posed in whole or in part of hemp, jute, flax,
gunny-bags, gunny-cloth, oi other material,
and valued at seven cents or less per square
yard, two cents per pound ; valued at over
seven cents per square yard, three ccnts per
pound.
On iron in pigs, seven dollars per ton.
On cast scrap-iron of every description, six
dollars per ton.
On wrought scrap-iron of every description,
eight dollars per ton : Provided, That nothing
shall be deemed scrap-iron except ws,ste or
refuse iron that has been in actual use, and is
fit only to be remanufactiired.
On sword-blades, thirty-five per centum ad
valorem.
On swords, forty-five per centum ad valorem.
On steel railway bars, one and one quarter
cent per pound ; and on all railway Bars made
in part of steel, one cent per pound : Provided,
That metal converted, cast, or made from iron
by the Bessemer or pneumatic process, of
whatever form or description, shall be classed
as steel: And provided further, That round
iron in coils, three sixteenths of an inch or less
in diameter, whether coated with metal or not
so coated, and all descriptions of iron wire,
and wire of which iron is a component part,
not otherwise specifically enumerated and pro-
vided for, shall pay ihe same duty as iron wire,
bright, coppered, or tinned : And provided
further, That steel, commercially known as
crinoline, corset, and hat steel wire, shall pay
duty at the rate of nine cents per pound and
ten per centum ad valorem.
On rough^ or unfinished grindstones, ono
dollar and fifty cents per ton ; on finished
grindstones, two dollars per ton.
On freestone, sandstone, granite, and all
building or monumental stone, except marble,
one dollar and fifty cents per ton.
On all sawed, dressed, or polished marble,
marble slabs, and marble paving tiles, thirty
per centum ad valorem, and in addition twenty
I five cents per superficial square foot no! ex-
I ceeding two inches in thickness; if more than
) two inches in thickness, ten cents per foot, in
addition to the above rate for each inch or
fractional part thereof in excess of two inches
ill thickness: Provided, That if exceeding six
inches in thickness, such marble shall bo sub-
j ject to the duty now imposed upon marble
i blocks.
! On haircloth of the description known as
i hair seating, eighteen inches wide or over,
forty cents per square yard ; less than eighteen
inches wide, thirty cents per square yard.
On hair-clotli known as crinoline cloth, and
on all other manufactures of hair not otherwise
provided for, thirty per centum ad valorem.
On hair pins made of iron wire, fifty per
centum ad valorem.
On aualine dyes and colors, by whatever
name known,fifty cents per pound, andthirty-
fiveper centum ad valorem.
On buttons and on ornaments for dresses
and outside garments made of silk, or of which
silk is the component material of chief value,
and containing no woo), worsted, or goats'
liair, fifty per centum ad valorem.
On silicate of soda, or other alkaline sili-
cates, a half a cent per pound.
On sporting gun-wads of all descriptions,
thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
On nickel, thirty cents per pound.
On nickel oxide and alloy of nickol with
copper, twenty cents perpound.
On watches, watch-cases, watch movements,
parts of watches, and watch materials, twenty-
five per centum ad valorem.
On watch jewels, ten per centum ad valorem.
On live animals, twenty per centum ad valo-
rem: Provided, That animals specially im-
ported for breeding purposes from beyond the
seas shall be admitted free, uponproot'thereof
satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and under such regulations as he may pre-
scribe: And provided further, That teams of
animals, including their harness and tackle,
actually owned by persons immigrating to the
United States with their families from foreign
countries, and in actual use for the purposes
of such immigration, shall also bo admitted
free of duty, under such regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe: And
provided further, That all animals brought into
the United States temporarily and for a period
not exceeding six months, for the purpose of
exhibition or competition for prizes offered by
any agricultural or iacing association, shall be
admitted free of duty upon bond being first
given, in accordance with regulations to be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
with condition that the full duty hereinbefore
imposed shall be paid in case of the sale of any
such animals in the United States.
Oil oranges, lemons, pineapples, and grapes,
twenty per centum ad valorem; and on limes,
bananas, plantains, shaddocks, mangoes, and
cocoauuts, ten per centum ad valorem : Pro-
vided, That no allowance shall be made for
loss by decay on the voyage, unless the said
loss shall exceed twenty-five per centum of the
quantity, and the allowance then made shall be
only for the amount of loss in excess of twenty-
five per centum of the whole quantity.
On Zante, or other currants, and prunes and
plums, two and one half cents per pound.
On neat's-foot oil, and all animal, whale,
seal, and fish oils, twenty per centum ad valo-
re m.
On oil made of linseed or flaxseed, thirty
cents per gallon, seven pounds and a half of
weight to be estimated as a gallon.
On hempsced and rapesced, and other oil
seeds of like character other than linseed or
flaxseed, one half cent per pound.
On linseed or flaxseed, twenty cents per
bushel of fifty-six pounds weight: Provided,
That no drawback shall be allowed on oil-cake
made from imported seed.
On sesame seed oil or Cenno oil, and cotton-
seed oil, thiity cents per gallon.
On sesame seed, ten per centum ad valorem.
On opium, ono dollar per pound.
On opium prepared for smoking, and on all
eparations ot opuimnot otherwise pro-
oth
vided for, six dollars per pound : Piocided,
That opimn prepared for smoking, and oil e,-
preparations of opium, deposited in bonded
warehouse, sdinll not be removed therefrom lui'
exportation without payment of dunes, and
Such duties shall not lie refunded.
