4550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
liarly to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, of which the honorable Senator
from Iowa, I believe, is a member.
Mr. HARLAN. I beg to correct the hon-
orable Senator. I have not the honor of being
a member of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I beg
the Senator's pardon. I supposed he was ;
for I know that he was a member of that com-
mittee at one time when I happened to be a
member of it. I will take all that back, and
say that the chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads reminds me of a
member of the Vermont Legislature in his
attack upon me in relation to Mrs. Lincoln,
about whom I have said nothing, in relation
to whom I have voted nothing 
Mr. NYE. And do not intend to. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And most
certainly do not intend to. I have steadily
voted in favor of taking up the bill of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads whenever I have had the
opportunity to do so, unless some bill of more
pressing importance was urged at the time,
[laughter,] as has happened once or twice.
A certain gentleman in the Vermont Legis-
lature, after having been attacked by another
honorable member, rose—he was from the
Rhine—and said, "Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
inan'sfacts are ailgreatbigstories." [Laugh-
ter.] Now, the facts in this case about my
opposing this bill, and about my being opposed
to Mrs. Lincoln's pension, are all " great big
stories." I have not opposed the pension bill,
and intend to vote for the anti-franking bill.
The honorable Senator from Minnesota has
stated that for fifty years the Postmasters
General have been in favor of abolishing the
franking privilege. I think that also is a
"great big story."
Mr. RAMSEY. I read the authorities to
the Senate the other day. There they are, in
the books. I cannot be responsible for them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They were
speaking not in relation to abolishing the
franking privilege, but of the reduction of
expenses; trying to make the Post Office self-
supporting.
Now, sir, I merely ask that we shall for the
present time amend this bill, if it is to passat
all, so that it shall occasion no great incon-
venience to the Government or the people.
For Congress I ask nothing. I do not desire
to consume any time upon it. I am now in
favor of passing the bill. I expect to be,
after trial, in favor of repealing it in the course
of a couple of years, perhaps sooner. But at
present I am in favor of passing the bill; but
I want to pass it in proper shape.
Mr. HO WE. You want to pass it pro tempore.
Mr. WILLEY. I understand it is not in
order to amend the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. It is
an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. But I desire to make a sug-
gestion to him; and it is that he agree to drop
from his amendment that part of it which
relates to the transmission of petitions free;
and I wish to suggest the reason. If the people
demand that wo should pay our postage, I
think they ought to be willing to pay their
postage when they have business with members
of Congress. Besides, it might lead to means
of fraud under cover of that pretext. The
clause is not very important, and it will sim-
plify the matter to strike it out. I suggest to
the Senator that his amendment would be more
acceptable, to me certainly, without that pro-
vision than with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senatorfrom West Virginia that that is the
law now. They are specially provided for in
the law.
Mr. WILLEY. That is part of the abuse the
people are complaining of. They say they
would rather pay their postage when they send
their petitions here, and we should pay our
postage. That is one of the sources of abuse.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will agree
to allow my amendment to be modified for the
present by striking out that portion of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I would not do it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We can have
a separate vote upon it hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator can
move to add it afterward, if he chooses to
do so. As it stands now, this clause cannot be
voted upon separately. The Chair understands
the Senator to withdraw that part of his amend-
ment for the present?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
withdraw it permanently, for I think it would
be contrary to the fundamental principles of
republican government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia desires it to be withdrawn for
the present, as a separate vote cannot be taken
upon it now. It can be added afterward. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, with the part in regard
to petitions omitted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say but one
word in regard to this amendment. I think
the objections made to it by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Tiiurman] were very forcible. We
take away the right to frank from members of
Congress, with the distinct understanding, I
think, on the part of the country and on the
part of Congress, that stamps will be given,
that members of Congress will not be required
to pay their own postage. That would be a
tax unjust in itself, and it is not expected that
members of Congress should be required to
bear it. But they say that the franking priv-
ilege is subject to great abuse on the part of
members of Congress. We take it away from
members of Congress upon that ground ; but
we leave it with the officers of the Govern-
ment. Now, if it is liable to abuse in the one
case, why is it not in the other? As the Sen-
atorfrom Ohio says, we are confessing thereby,
in substance, that the members of Congress
cannot be trusted with this right, but that the
officers of the Government can be.
Now, Mr. President, why not make this
reformation a harmonious one ? That is to
say, do away with this right, which is subject
to abuse, as it is claimed, altogether, and give
to those whose postage must, or ought to be
paid, stamps. It was suggested, the night
before last I believe, that it would be very easy
to put into the appropriation bill an appropri-
ation for the payment of stamps for the differ-
ent officers of the Government. I suggest to
the chairman of the committee why he does
not move that amendment on this appropria-
tion bill, and put in it a clause making an
appropriation to furnish stamps to the officers
of the Government?
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senate desire it, I
will do so as soon as this amendment is voted
°Mr.' EDMUNDS. How many ?
Mr. MORTON. I do not know ; but I pre-
sume the committee have estimated it. I
have not, or I would offer such an amendment
myself.
Ml-. RAMSEY. I have it.
Mr. MORTON. Itwould come more prop-
erly from the chairman of the committee. I
think, therefore, while we are about it we had
better abolish the right to send matter free by
writing a name on the back altogether, and
where the postage ought to be paid furnish
stamps. Let us provide for furnishing the
stamps to the officers of the Government on
this bill. I know that so far as the members
of Congress are concerned they will avail
themselves of some opportunity to take care of
themselves. I have no fear on that subject.
But as the 1st of July is near at hand, let this
measure be so far perfect in itself that it will
provide for the officers of the Government, and
let that provision be one in harmony with the
whole character of the reform. If it is danger-
ous to trust Senators and members of Congress
who are sent here by States and by the people,
and who that far have the confidence of the
public, with the right to put their names upon
the back of letters or documents and send them
free, I am sure it is equally dangerous to trust
the various officers of the Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Indiana by what criterion he
would fix the amount of stamps to be given to
each Senator ? I have heard one Senator say
within a day or two that he received very few
letters and he did not answer a quarter part of
those he did receive. There are many Sen-
ators who perhaps receive five times as many
letters as some other Senators, and answer the
whole of them. Are they to have no more,
one than another ? Then there will be a chance
for some Senators who do not answer their
letters to get some perquisites.
Mr. MORTON. I recognize the force of the
suggestion madeby the Senatorfrom Vermont
that there may be a difficulty in equalizing the
issue of stamps, because some members of Con-
gress have but comparatively a small constitu-
encyandneed butfewas compared with others ;
but that is one of the inherent difficulties
attending the now system.
Mr. HOWE. Can we not get rid of that
difficulty by not issuing any to any member of
Congress ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; we can get rid
of that difficulty by not issuing any stamps to
any members of Congress; but I do not believe
that that idea will prevail; first, because it is
not just. Our official positions bring us large
correspondence, and require us to send large
correspondence, and there is no justice in re-
quiring us to pay the postage. And I can say
to my friend that we shall get no credit with
the people, and we shall acquire no popularity
by assuming to ourselves a tax which the peo-
ple themselves, from their own good sense, will
understand as being unnecessary and unjust.
Therefore I take it for granted that we shall
make provision in this respect. But the diffi-
culty suggested by the Senator from Vermont
is one that will come up : how shall we make
this thing just and equal as between members
of Congress? But that is not now before the
Senate. We are not now proposing to provide
for members of Congress, but simply for offi-
cers of the Government. I therefore suggest
to my friend from Vermont that he withdraw
his amendment, and let the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations present his esti-
mate of the appropriation to pay this postage
in the ordinary way.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont may be read as
he has now modified it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it as modified.
The Secretary read as follows:
And that nothing herein contained shall behold to
apply to the franking privilege of persons upon
whom byname it has been specially conferred by
law, nor of the chiefs of the several Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, nor of such principal per-
sons being heads of bureaus or chief clerks of each
Executive Department as have been heretofore al-
lowed to frank mail matter, nor of the Commissioner
and chief clerk of the Agricultural Department; but
they shall continue to have lawful authority to send
and receive such communications, documents, pack
ages of cuttings, seeds, roots, and parcels free of post-
age as may be now so sent and received under exist-
ing laws: and all public documents issued by the
present or by any previous Congress may be sent or
received by all persons entitled to send or receive
the same free of postage upon being properly franked
by or addressed to those now entitled to the frankinsr
privilege.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand that
if that amendment is adopted, postmasters
generally will retain the right of franking their
mail matter,
