1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5495
after the appropriation for surveys provided in
the Territory of Arizona, at the end of line eight
hundred and forty-three:
Provided, That it shall be the duty of the surveyor
general of Arizona, under such instructions as may
be given by the Secretary of the Interior, to ascer-
tain and report upon the origin, nature, character,
and extent of all claims to lands in said Territory
under the laws, usages, and customs of Spain and
Mexico; and for this purpose he shall have all the
powers conferred, and shall perform all the duties
enjoined upon thesurveyor general of New Mexico
by the eighth section of an act entitled " An act to
establish the offices of surveyor general of New
Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, to grant donations
to actual settlers therein, and for other purposes,"
approved July 22,1854; and his report shall bo laid
oetoro Congress for such action thereon as shall be
deemed just and proper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
what the power given this surveyor general is.
If the Senator has the statute before him I
should like to have it read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have examined this
amendment since it was proposed, and com-
pared it with the statute to which it refers, and
I am satisfied that it is an amendment which
ought to be adopted, and will be conducive to
the public good and the interests of the people
of Arizona. Section eight, to which it refers,
of an act to establish the offices of surveyor
general of New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska,
to grant donations to actual settlers therein,
and for other purposes, approved July 22,1854,
provides—
" That it shall be the duty of the surveyor general,
under such instructions as may be given by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to ascertain the origin, nature,
character, and extent of all claims to lands under
the laws, usages, and customs of Spain and Mexico?
and ior this puipose may issue notices, summon wit-
nesses, administer oaths, and do and perform ail
other iipeessary acts in the premises. lie shall make
a full report on all such claims as originated before
the cession of the territory to the United States by
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo of 1848, denoting
the various gradesof tide, with his decision as to the
validity or invalidity of each of the same under the
laws, usages, and customs of the country before its
cession to the United States; and shall also make a
report in regard to all pueblos existing in the Terri-
tory, showing the extent and locality of each, stating
the number of inhabitants in the said pueblos re-
spectively, and the nature of the titles to the land.
Such report to be made according to the form which
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior;
which report shall bo iaid before Congress for such
action thereon as may be deemed just and proper,
with a view to confirm bona fide grants, and give full
eftcct to the treaty of 1848 between the United States
and Mexico: and until the final action of Congress
on such claims, all lands covered thereby f*hall be
reserved from sale or other disposal by the Govern-
ment, and shall not be subject to the donations
granted by the previous provisions of this act.'"
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the date
of that?
Mr. WILLIAMS. This act was approved
July 22, 1854.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I guess the amendment
is right.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have had occasion to
look into these Mexican land claims, and I
think it is of great advantage to the country
to have the titles examined and the bound-
aries ascertained at as early a day as possible,
so that may know what are public lands and
the people what are private lands within the
Territory.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to add, in the
proper place, "for geographical surveys and
military reconnoissatices, $100,000." I make
this motion upon the estimate of the corps of
engineers in the book of estimates, which in
the House of Representatives was, accident-
ally I presume, dropped out of the Army
appropriation bill. It is to continue and
carry on the military surveys that are now in
progress from the Pacific coast to the waters
that fall into the Mississippi, across the conti-
nent. under the charge of a couple of engineers
of that western country, whose labors thus far
have bestowed upon themselves the highest
honor as well as the greatest benefit to the
country. Many of their reports are in print,
and I feel safe in sayh:g, from some examination
of them, that they are among the most valuable
contributions to the history and geology of thai
great region, which is now filling up with immi-
gration, of any that the country possesses; and
inasmuch as this is in strict pursuance of the
recommendation of the engineers, which I hold
in my hand, besides the printed estimates, I
hope my honorable friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, will make no
objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand what
country it is to be in, and what section of the
country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the territory of the
United States west of the Mississippi—I quote
the very language of General Humphreys, chief
of engineers, recommending it; but I will add,
in order to make it clear to my friend, "west of
the Mississippi." It is to continue what I feel
safe in saying—as the reputation I have here is
against appropriations—is a work from which
the country gains ten dollars for every dollar
which it pays out.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the reading
of the thirtieth rule of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the thirtieth rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
"30. No amendment proposing additional appro-
priations shall be received to any general appropria-
tion bill unless it be made to carry out the provisions
of some existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by tho Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standing or select committee
of tho Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
theheadofsomeof theDepartments; andnoamend-
rnent shall be received whose object is to provide for
a private claim, unless it be to carry out the pro-
visions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation.
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported irom committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and all general appropriation bills
shall be referred to the said committee."
Mr. EDMUND3. This is in pursuance of
the estimate of the head of a Department and
the bureau of engineers, which is found in the
printed estimates. I hold in my hand a special
letter from the chief of engineers, referring to
this very bill, and suggesting as a matter of
great importance to the country that it be put
upon this bill.
Mr. COLE. I am inclined to look upon
that as rather a visionary project. We have
expended a very large sum already in the his-
tory of this Government for the purpose of sur-
veying and exploring the region alluded to by
the Senator from Vermont. That series of
operations was carried on during many years,
ostensibly for the purpose of finding a route
for the Pacific railroad; and we have as the
result of those surveys some thirteen very large
finely illustrated volumes of Pacific railroad
reports. But, sir, the fact is that those reports
proved to be of very little avail, and all the
money that was expended in the surveys of that
country for the purpose of ascertaining a proper
route for the Pacific railroad was so much money
thrown away. When the Government reached
the point of encouraging the construction of
that road by actual aid, by a donation of laud
and a donation of credit, the engineers under-
took their work, as I believe, without the
slightest reference to the prior surveys. I pre-
sume they never opened one of these thirteen
large quarto volumes for the purpose of ob-
taining information as to the location of the
railroad.
I hope the Senator from Vermont will re-
member this experience of the Government,
and wait for the pioneers, the settlers, the
railroad engineers to determine the character
of that country which is now, to be sure, not
too well known. The buffalo was a better
engineer for the route of the Pacific railroad
than many of the skillful Army officers that
were employed in that work. The passes
through the mountains were best, ascertained
by following the trail of the buffalo ; and many j
of the reports that were made by learned
Array officers and of the engineer corps were
much less reliable than information that was
derived indirectly from these denizens of the
plains. The Indians found the path for the |
locomotive. They marked out its trail—'the
course that was finally adopted by the practi-
cal engineers of that great work.
In view of this experience, I must regard the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont as
rather visionary and not likely to result in any
very great advantage to the country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want my friend
from California to suppose that I am behind
him in admiration for the buffalo. I go with
him for the buffalo to the last extremity, and
also for the Indian; I go for him whenever I
see an opportunity. But my friend ought not
to forget that what he styles a visionary project
of mine is one that is three fourths executed at
this moment, as I said befoie, with the high-
est credit to the gentlemen who have had it in
charge, and with the greatest benefit to the
country. They have carried forward from the
Sierras, that smile their benign snows upon the
summers of my friend over there year in and
year out, a most careful geological, geograph-
ical, and botanical survey of that country, until
now they have reached the waters that flow
to the Mississippi; and the simple question is
whether the corps of engineers carrying on
these surveys, not by Army officers, but by
most cultivated and prudent and excellent
civil engineers, are to have enough money to
perfect and finish it as a completed system.
That is the whole of it. That is what is in the
estimates; it is not a visionary thing ; it is not
a new thing ; it is merely the steadfast progress
for the increase and diffusion of knowledge
respecting that great territory which lies be-
tween the Sierras and the great plains west of
the Mississippi.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator permit me to
ask whether we have not the very information
he seeks, botanical and entomological, and I
do not know what all?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say anything
about the bugs.
Mr. COLE. Have we not all that informa-
tion already in these thirteen large quarto vol-
umes of the Pacific railroad surveys?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all. It differs in
this : these thirteen large quarto volumes my
friend speaks of are the mere firings of a gnu
on one particular line of latitude contracted
into the narrowest space, running aline across
the continent; but this is a broad survey, cov-
ering as it has gone a space of more than one
hundred miles in breadth north and south, as it
sweeps from the eastern borders of the State
of California to the headwaters of the Missis-
sippi and the Missouri.
My friend is not advised of the actual con-
dition of this work, and of the immense bene-
fit—I speak by the book—-that it will be to
the country if we permit it to be completed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the ruling
of the Chair on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is ou the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the ruling
of the Chair ou the amendment offered by the
Senator from Vermont.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules the amendment is in order. It is on the
recommendation of the head of a Depart-
ment, in pursuance of an estimate furnished
by him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I offer an amendment, to coma
in directly after the provisions for tho Botanic
Garden :
For completing the publication of the hydrog-
raphy, physics, and the geographical distribution
of animals ancl plants, i Wilkes's United States
exploring expedition, $7,500.
Sir. ROBERTSON. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin if that comes within the rule? Is
it recommended by a committee?
Mr. HOWE. It is moved by direction of
the joint Committee on the Library.
The amendment was agreed to.
