1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In the case of Texas " the foregoing consent
of Congress is given upon the following condi-
tions." In Kansas the condition was a con-
struction of the State constitution. Since the
rebellion Arkansas, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Alabama, and Florida
have been admitted—
" Upon the fundamental condition that their consti-
tutions shall never be so amended or changed as to
deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the United
States of the right to vote who are entitled to vote
by the constitution herein recognized, except as a
punishment for such crimes as are now felonies at
common law, whereof thev shall havo been duly con-
victed under laws equally applicable to all theinhab-
itants of said State: Provided, That any alteration
of said constitution prospective in its effect may be
made in regard to the time and place of residence of
voters."
In the case of Georgia we imposed a further
fundamental condition that a certain portion
of her constitution should be null and void, and
required her Legislature to assent to that. Sir,
this is one of the questions that are settled, and
I shall not stop to discuss its merits with any
Rip Van Winkle who imagines it to be still
open. But I will say that whatever may have
been true of the conditions in those cases in
this case they are all based upon the constitu-
tion itself, and that constitution clothes us with
the power to enforce them by appropriate legis-
lation.
I have said that the loyalists of Virginia ask
of us the iron-clad oath. They implore us to
shield them from the persecutions of their ene-
mies; and every prayer of these patriots finds
a warm response in my heart. For one I am
resolved that so far as it depends on my voice
or vote all the constitutional powers of this
Government shall be justly and prudently, but
at the same time vigorously, exercised for the
defense of the loyal people of Virginia against
the oppression of that party just raised to power
by a bargain which must inevitably result
either in the disappointment of those who have
lately been rebels or in the oppression of those
who have always been loyal men. I am resolved
to spare no effort to secure a just but vigorous
exercise of that new power of Congress, the
inauguration of which in our day has marked
the commencement of a new era in the history
of this Government; that new power which the
crimes of southern rebels and their northern
allies have forced the people of these United
States to confer upon the national Government
for the preservation of the lives and liberties
of the citizens; that power which enables Con-
gress, by appropriate legislation, to enforce the
thirteenth and fourteenth amendments of the
Constitution of the United States, being itself
sole judge of what that appropriate legislation
is, and responsible for that judgment only to
the people; that power which enables Con-
gress to cross the borders of Virginia or any
other State with the flaming sword of the Re-
public to cut up slavery by the roots, to guard
the privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States, to defend the lives, liberties,
and property of the people imperiled without
due process of law, to secure to all the^equal
protection of the laws, to scourge from his seat
every impudent usurper who crawls into State
or Federal office in defiance of the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and to crush any
and every attempt to question the public debt
of the nation or to pay any debt incurred in aid
ofthe rebellion. Formerly aa earnest advocate
of the rights of the States, I now accept the sit-
uation into which I have been forced by the
crimes of northern and southern traitors. I
now consent to an increase of the Federal
power to which before the war I could not have
consented. I see that our Government is now
in a transition state.
In its first era, extending from the Declara-
tion to the Constitution, there was no nation
here: it was a mere copartnership, a mere con-
federation of sovereign States. From the adop-
tion of the Constitution down to the present time
our Republic has been the theater of an inces-
sant straggle between national and confederate
ideas and principles and their advocates. Our
Constitution and history gave at once strength
and weakness to each party to this struggle.
The States, which in the first period were sov-
ereign and independent, in the second period
have not been independent, not even sovereign,
Only semi-sovereign States. They were not
sovereignties on the one hand, nor were they,
on the other hand, mere counties. The constant
struggle was to drag the Government nearer to
one or the other of those opposite extremes.
But now, sir, the Democratic party, heretofore
the noisy champion of State rights, has by its
rebellion essentially narrowed the limits of the
semi-sovereign character of the States. Hence-
forth, within the wide range of momentous
interests covered by the thirteenth and four-
teenth amendments of the Constitution of the
United States, they will be little more than
counties. Sir, this is a great stride in the
direction of a consolidated nationality. It is a
transfer of vast powers from the States to the
General Government, from the representatives
of the people in their separate State Legisla-
tures to the representatives of the people in
Congress assembled. Which will prove in or-
dinary times the safest and most satisfactory
depositaries of these powers, whether the antag-
onisms and resulting vigilance of subdivided
authority or the broader and more generous
patriotism of a national representation will
afford the best permanent security for the lib-
erty and welfare of the American people, it will
be for those who live after us to decide. But one
thing is certain, that the representatives who
wield these powers are so closely within the
grasp of their masters, the people, that they
will wield them just so well and wisely as shall
be required by the public sentiment of those
who are to be blessed or cursed by their acts.
And if in the future, when the present perils
shall have passed away, experience shall dem-
onstrate that these powers can be better lodged
with the States than with the nation, the same
authority which has lately changed our Consti-
tution can alter it again.
A great deal is said, sir, about the sublime
magnanimity of these people in graciously sub-
mitting at all to the reconstruction laws of the
United States. Great stress is laid by the Vir-
ginians themselves on this marvelous conde-
scension. It seems to be taken for granted
that it is only necessary to hold up before our
dazzled eyes this unexpected honor, vouchsafed
to the poor, humble Government of the United
States, in order to completely blind us to the
solemn duties imposed upon us by the Consti-
tution ; to the solid guaranties of the equal pro-
tection of the laws which we are required to
secure for all the people of Virginia; to t-he
stern defense of life, liberty, and property,
assailed without due process of law, which we
are bound to make for the humblest as well as
for the highest of her citizens. But, sir, for-
get if you can the swaggering insolence, the low
brutality, the unspeakable meanness with which
slaveholding Virginians before the rebellion in
this Capitol, in this District, within their own
borders treated northern men ; grant, if you
please, that the magnanimity and gracious con-
descension of this race of demigods have never
had a parallel in the history of the world : what
sort of a substitute is all this for the tangible and
definite guaranty of equal protection of the laws
for life, liberty, and property which you and I
are bound to secure for the loyal whites and
blacks ofVirginia ? For such aguaranty magna-
niraity is no better than mere moonshine. What
we want is law ; organic or statute law. One
chapter of Federal law backed up by Federal
bayonets is worth more for the loyalists of Vir-
ginia than all the magnanimity in that State.
I reject with unspeakable loathing that view
of our duty which begins and ends with the
conciliation of rebels in Virginia ; which is so
careful of .their sensibilities and pride and pre-
judices that it overlooks the naked rights of
persecuted loyal men. There are, indeed, men
to be conciliated; but it is the friends not. the
foes of the Government; it is not those who
have outraged loyal men, but the loyal men
themselves; it is not the rebellion, but the
American people. And I, for one,-am ready
to be conciliated.- The late rebels of .Virginia
can effectually conciliate me by lifting their
heels from the necks and withdrawing their
grasp from the throats of loyal men, white and
black, and respecting the rights now guaran-
tied to them by the amended Constitution of
the United States. They will, I doubt not, be
able so to conciliate those whom they have
oppressed in Virginia. But if they imagine-
that any conciliation short of that is to have a
practical realization in Virginia so long as the
thirteenth and fourteenth amendments stand,
the sooner they shake off that delusion the
better.
And yet, sir, we must meet these people half
way. While we ought, so far as our power goes,
to prevent them from wronging others, we ought
also to save and protect them from outrage and
humiliation. And so, while I would require
their Legislature, like the rest, to take the oath
based on the third section of the fourteenth
amendment, I would not now impose upon that
Legislature the iron-clad oath of 1862. I would
not do it, because we have not yet imposed that
oath upon the Legislature of asingle state^ We
have notimposed it on Georgia, notwithstanding
her scandalous treachery and impudent defiance
of our laws. We only required of her the oath
based on the fourteenth amendment. Why,
then, shall we single out Virginia, who has not
yet in the organization of her State government
betrayed us or set at defiance our laws ? Why
shall we do unto her as we have not done unto
Georgia, or bloody Louisiana, or any other
State? No,sir; no! I protest against this. I will
not vote for this iron-clad oath. I would give
her a fair trial; I would treat her people kindly
so long as they obey the laws. If, like Geor-
gia, they defy the power of the Republic, I shall
be ready to apply the Georgia remedy to Vir-
ginia.
But let us not punish her people in advance
for a fraud which it is appprehended they are
about to practice on the Government of the Uni-
ted States by gaining admission to the Union
under promises which they purpose speedily to
break. It will be time enough to talk about
the punishment of that crime when the crime
shall have been committed. By this course
we shall not waive any of our rights; we shall
not impair any of our powers to repress or re-
dress any wrongs which may result from her
double-dealing with us, if double-dealing there
shall be. The fate of Georgia has taught the
wholesome lesson that upon this great stage of
State reconstruction no foul tricks are to be
played ; that Congress, wielding the new power
conferred by the fourteenth amendment, can
cross the borders of any State and with the
strong arm crush all attempts to violate its sa-
cred provisions; and that Congress will not in
cases of necessity hesitate to bring down the
hard hand of military power upon the guilty
heads of those who shall insolently trample
upon these new guarantees of life, liberty, and
property and the equal protection of the laws.
ASSIGNMENT OF A COMMITTEE-ROOM.
Mr. CARI'TELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the room now occupied by the
branch post office, being the Speaker's room of the
old Hall, be assigned to the use of the Committee
on Banking and Currency, and that the branch post
office bo placed in the room now assigned to the House
post office.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
