1870.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
Laws of the United States.
41st Cokg....2d Sess.
Oa morphia, and on all salts of morphia, one
dollar per ounce.
On cotton thread, yarn, warps, or warp yarn,
not wound upon spools, whether single or ad-
vanced beyond the condition of single by twist-
ing two or more single yarns together, whether
on beams or in bundles, skeins, or cops, or in
any other form, valued at not exceeding forty
cents per pound, ten cents per pound ; valued
;it over forty cents per pound and not exceed-
ing sixty cents per pound, twenty cents per
pound ; valued at over sixty cents per pound
and not exceeding eighty cents per pound,
thirty cents per pound ; valued at over eighty
cents per pound, forty cents per pound; and
in addition to said rates of duty twenty per
centum ad valorem.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted. That
after the thirty-first day of December, eighteen
hundred and seventy, in addition to imported
articles now by lawexempf, from duty, and not
herein otherwise provided for, the following
articles hereinafter enumerated and provided
tor shall also be free :
Acid, arsenious, crude.
Acid, nitric, not chemically pure.
Acid, muriatic. ,
Acid, oxalic.
Acid, picric, and nitro-picric: Provided,
That carboys containing acids shall be subject
to the same duty as if empty.
Arsenic.
Aconite, root, leaf, and bark.
Agaric.
Alkanet root.
Alkekengi.
Albumen and lactarine.
Amber, gum.
Aloes.
Aniline oil, crude.
Ammonia, crude.
Annato seed.
Argols, crude.
Asbestos, not manufactured.
Articles imported for the use of the United
States: Provided,, That the price of the same
did not include the duty.
Articles the growth, produce, and manufac-
ture of the United States when returned in
the same condition as exported: Provided,
That proof of the identity of such articles be
made under regulations to be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury; and if such
articles were subject to internal tax at the
time of exportation such tax shall be proved
to have been paid before exportation, and not
refunded. And all acts and parts of acts here-
tofore passed prescribing regulations in regard
to such importations are hereby repealed.
Bamboos, unmanufactured.
Barks, viz: Qnilla, Peruvian, Lima, cali-
saya, and ail cinchona barks, Canella alba,
pomegranate, croton, easearilla. and all other
barks not otherwise provided for.
Belladonna, root and leaf.
Bromine.
Bitter apples, coloeynth, coioquiriitida.
Berries, nuts, and vegetables tor dyeing, or
used for composing dyes, not otherwise pro-
vided for in this act.
Bells broken and bell-metal broken, and fit
only to remanufUctured.
Bones, crude, not manufactured, bones
ground and calcined, bone dust and bone ash
"or manufacture of phosphates and fertilizers.
Books which have been printed and man-
ufactuied more than twenty years.
Brimstone, crude.
Burr stone in blocks, rough or unmanufac-
tured, and not bound up into mill-stones.
Buchu leaves.
Citrate of lime.
Columbo root.
Cantharides.
Castor or castoreum.
Catechu or cutch.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 45.
Catgut or whip gut, unmanufactured.
Coal, anthracite.
Coc[c]ulus indicus.
Conian cicuta, or hemlock, seed and leaf.
Cudbear.
Collections of antiquity, specially imported,
and not for sale.
Chalk and cliff stone, unmanufactured.
Cork wood, or cork bark, unmanufactured.
Carnelian, unmanufactured.
Cuttle-fish bone.
Diamond dust or bort.
Dragon's blood.
Eggs. _
Emery ore or rock, not pulverized, not
ground.
Esparto, or Spanish grass, and other grasses
and pulp of, for the manufacture of paper.
Fibrin, in all forms.
Fish, fresh, for immediate consumption.
Fish for bait.
Flint and ground flint stones.
Folioe digitalis.
Fashion plates engraved on steel or on wood,
colored, plain.
Fur skins of all kinds not dressed in any
manner.
Glass, broken in pieces, which cannot be cut
for use, and lit only to be reinanufaetured.
Guano, and other animal manures.
Gums, Arabic, Jeddo, Senegal, Barbary,
East India, Cape, Australian, gum benzoin
or benjamin, gum copal, sandarac, damar,
gamboge, cowrie, mastie, shellac, tragacanth,
olebanum,,guiac, myrrh, bdellium, garbanum,
and all gums not otherwise provided for.
Gutta-percha, crude.
Goat-skins, raw.
Horse and cow hair, not cleaned and dressed.
Hoofs, horns, and horn tips.
Hide cuttings, raw and in the hair, for glue
stock.
Hemlock bark.
Hyoscyamus, or henbane leaf.
Iodine, crude.
Ipecac.
India-rubber, crude, and milk of.
Ivory and vegetable ivory, unmanufactured.
J alap.
Jet, unmanufactured.
Juniper and laurel berries.
Kryolite.
S. Lac, crude, seed, button, stick, shell or
dye.
Lava, unmanufactured.
Leeches.
Life-boats and life-saving apparatus, spe-
cially imported by societies incorporated or
established to encourage the saving of human
life.
Liquorice root.
Litmus and all lichens, prepared or not pre-
pared.
Logs and round unmanufactured timber not
otherwise provided for, and ship timber.
Madder root, of all kinds, ground, and
ground mungeet, or Indian madder.
Manna.
Moss, Iceland, and other mosses, crude.
Musk and civet, crude, in natural pod.
Nitrate of soda, or cubic niter.
Oak bark.
Ore of antimony, or crude sulphuret of.
Orange and lemon peel, not preserved, can-
died, or otherwise prepared.
Orcliili. or archill, in the weed or liquid.
Palm nuts and palm-nut kernels.
Palm and cocoanut oil.
Paintings, statuary, fountains, and other
works of art, the production of American
artists: Provided, That the fact of such pro-
duction be verilied by the certificate of any
consul or minister of the United States indorsed
upon the written declaration of the artist: And
: provided further, That all paintings, statuary,
1 fountains, and other works of art, the pro-
duction and property of an American artist,
now held for payment of duties in any custom-
house of the United States, shall be surren-
dered to such artist without payment of duties
or charge, upon his affidavit filed in the De-
partment of the Secretary of the Treasury that
the same are the production of such artist.
Paintings, statuary, fountains, and other
works of art, imported expressly for present-
ation to national institutions or to any State,
or to any municipal corporation.
Philosophical and scientific apparatus, in-
struments, and preparations, statuary, casts
of marble, bronze, alabaster, or plaster of
Paris, paintings, drawings, and etchings,
specially imported in good faith, for the use
of any society or institution incorporated or
established for philosophical, educational,
scientific, or literary purposes, or encourage-
ment of the fine arts, and not intended for
sale.
Household effects of persons and families
returning or emigrating from foreign countries,
which have been in actual use abroad by them,
and not intended for any other person or per-
sons or for sale, not exceeding the value of
five hundred dollars.
Phosphates, crude or native, for fertilizing
purposes.
Plants, trees, shrubs, roots, seed-cane, and
seeds imported by the Department of Agricul-
ture, or the United States Botanic Garden.
Platinum vases or retorts for chemical uses,
or parts thereof.
Potassa, muriate of.
Quassia wood.
Rags, of cotton, linen, jute, and hemp, and
paper waste, or waste or clippings of any kind
fit only for the manufacture of paper, includ-
ing waste rope and waste baggyig.
Rhubarb.
Resins, crude, not otherwise provided for.
Rose leaves.
Saffron and safflower.
Sarsaparilla, crude.
Seaweed, not otherwise provided for.
Scammony, or resin of scammony.
Sandal wood.
Seeds : cardamon, caraway, coriander, fenu-
greek, fennel, cummin, and other seeds not
otherwise provided for.
Senna, in leaves.
Shells of every description, not manufac-
tured.
Shrimps, or other shell fish.
Skeletons, and other preparations of
anatomy.
Silkworm eggs.
Specimens of natural history, botany, and
mineralogy, when imported for cabinets as
objects of taste or science, and not for sale.
Squills, or silla.
Sweepings of silver or gold.
Tapioca, cassava, or cassada.
Tea plants.
Turtles.
"Verdigris, or subacetate of copper.
Wood ashes, and lye of, andbset-root ashes.
Woods, viz: poplar, or other woods for the
manufacture of paper.
Worm seed, Levant.
Xylonite, or Sylotile.
| Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That for
| the term of two years from and after the pas-
| sage of this act, and no longer, machinery and
apparatus designed only for, and adapted to be
used for, steam-towage on canals, and not now
manufactured in the United States, may be im-
ported by any State, or by any person duly
authorized by the Legislature of any State, free
of duty, subject to such regulations as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
And also that for the term of two years from
and after the passage of this act, and no longer,
steam-plow machinery, adapted to the cultiva-
tion of the soil, may be imported by any person
