1720
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
of the State, and destroy fill her material
interests-
Talk about men having fair play or wanting
fair play I I ask has any man ever had fairer
play than the Governor of Georgia? Has any
man ever exercised more freely the right of
securing fair play to himself? What transpired
before the Senate committee? I do not pro-
pose to go any further into that than the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] has
gone, nor perhaps so far. But arguments have
been filed before the Senate ana House com-
mittees by the treasurer and other responsible
men of Georgia, and to these I will call the
attention of the House. I hold in my. hand
the printed arguments addressed to the com-
mittees, and will read a few extracts from some
of them bearing upon this point.
Here is what Mr. Angier says :
." Section two of an act to promote the reconstruc-
tion of Georgia requires each and every member to
take the oath or oaths required by the constitution
of Georgia.
" Article three, section four, paragraph ten of the
constitution of Georgia requires every senator or
representative before taking his seat to tako an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States and
of tbe State of Gqorgio.
"Article four, section one, ijaragraph one, the
executive nowe' shall bo vested in a Governbr, who
shall hold his office during the term of four years.
" Article four, section two, paragraph eight, th«re
shall be a secretary of State, a comptroller general,
a treasurer, and a surveyor general, elected by the
General Assembly, and they shall hold their office
for the like period as the Governor, These officers
having been elected before the colored members
wero expelled, and without the votes of the three j
members who were by the committee pronounced
ineligible, are by the constitution of Georgia (which j
each member, not only by the constitution itself but ,
also by the bill to^promotoreconstruction in Georgia, 1
is required to swear to support) entitled to hold their i
several offices for four years, or a like period as the
Governor. ,
" And I most respectfully urgerupon the President
and Congress to see to it that the General Assembly
of Georgia is not allowed to violate the provisions
of the constitution and the act to promote recon-
struction in Georgia.
" Section four of said act authorizes each House,
after they have qualified* to reorganise said senate
and house of representatives by the election and
qualification of the proper officers of each House.
But the bill gives them no power or authority to go
ono step further back. And I beseech the President
and Congress to confine them strictly to the provis-
sions of the bill, that the past legislation may stand
and save Georgia from being thrown into a wild
state of excitement and trouble. The State, in ber
legislation since the constitution was approved and
adopted, has indorsed some railroad bonds and
pledged her indorsement to others, which have gone
forward and spent large amounts of money to de-
velop the State and add to her wealth and pros-
perity by reason of these pledges. Besides these she
has committed herself in various othef w$ys and by
aVast number of acts now having the force of salu-
tary law; and no'oheian tell the amount of injury
that would aocrue by going beyond the provisions
of the bill and tearing everything up or turning
everything loose. We have been laying loose about,
first in one condition, then another, far too long,
and it is absolutely necessary to hold what whole-
some restraints we have, and go forward and make
all the improvements we can."
He goes on to show that;
" The law requires the net earnings of the Western
and Atlantic railroad (which road, belongs to the
State) to be paid into the State treasury monthly.
The payment for the m«nth of September is the last
that has been received wpto. my leaving, on the 15th
instant. Governor Birilock is the chief officer of the
road. Former administrations paid, into the State
treasury of net earnings of said roadfrom thirty to
fifty thousand dollars monthly, and the road is said
by the best judges to be. doing more business now
than it ever dia before. running as it does eighteen
freight trains A day: My predecessor's estimate of
tbe net earnings, in his report of July 1. 1867, WW
850,000 per month for the whole year, and he had
been State t reasurer for eight years. Certain amounts
are known to have been paid or lrtaned to individuals
in no way connected with the road, in palpable vio-
lation of law, supposed to be for or in tha.interest
of the Governor, to secure influence and adherents.
Democrats, or rather I should say " Bullock Demo-
crats," who sustain him, hut ^buso President Grant
and the Republican members of Congress and their
policy, especially the fifteenth amendment, were
sharers."
He then goes on to show beyond all ques-
tion—and he is fortified by the statements of
Caldwell and Bryant, and others who have
appeared beforethe comtaittee—that the whole
object of this legislation is to give Governor
Bullock absolute power over the treasury of
the State, and enable him to torn oat . of office
men whonn he does not like and put in those who
are his tools, and keep in existence a Legisla-
ture which will whitewash all his acts and set
aside all the charges which have been made
against him. And this Congress is asked to
lend itself to a purpose of this sort in viola-
tion of law, in violation of all its own declara-
tions, in violation, as the report of the Senate
committee shows, and *3 every member here
knows, of everything you have done hereto-
fore in regard to Georgia. All you asked of
Georgia was that she should receive into the
Legislature the men originally elected. She
has done all that and a great deal more, for
wherever there was an obnoxious man in
they have turned him out and put in a Repub-
lican who was never elected at all—the very
thing you complained of when the negroes
were turned out. She has ratified the fifteenth
amendment, which was what you desired and
avowed to be your great object in the first
instance; and all that remains to be done in
the way of her restoration is for her Repre-
sentatives to come here and be sworn in.
1 have an amendment which I propose at
the proper time to offer to the substitute,
although I am opposed to this whole legisla-
tion directing the Governor to order a new
election for members of Congress. I do not
believe in the power of Congress to direct the
Governor of a State to order an election, but
I offer the amendment for the purpose of call-
ing attention to a fact which is well understood.
This House has declared that the men who
served as Representatives from Georgia in the
Fortieth Congress cannot by virtue of the cer-
tificates they then received serve in the Forty-
First Congress. Unless, therefore, a new elec-
tion is ordered, Georgia will be unrepresented
during the whole of the Forty-First Congress.
The Governor of Georgia it is well known will
not of his own accord order a new election, and
I know of no alternative except for this Con-
gress, if it assumes power over the subject, to
declare that Georgia is entitled to representa-
tion in Congress, and direct the Governor to
order an election. It is a stretch of power
which I am very reluctant to vote for myself,
but I offer the amendment for the purpose of
calling attention to the fact which is well ascer-
tained that Governor Bullock will not volun-
tarily do it, or else all the reports on the sub-
ject are false.
The Committee of Elections have reported
that the members from Georgia in the last Con-
gress cannot take seats in this Congress under
the same election. I agree with that report.
The Constitution provides that members shall
be elected every two years. These gentlemen
were elected in June, 1868, and held seats in
the Fortieth Congress. I agree that it would
be a very great stretch ofpower to say that they
could hold seats in the Fortieth Congress ana
also in the Forty-First Congress by reason of
the same election and the same certificates,
thus virtually representing the State for four
years instead of two, as the Constitution pro-
vides. And yet, as there was some doubt, I
was at first not indisposed to waive whatever
question there might be, if the Committee of
Elections should have thought it right to admit
them and let them in ; but the House has de-
termined that they cannot be admitted under
the certificates they hold, and nothing remains
but to order a new election, and that will not
be done unless this Congress directs it. That
is the reason I offer the amendment. I want
Georgia and all the other States represented
here at the earliest possible moment on almost
any terms. I want this infamous work of recon-
struction ended. The people of the States will
right themselves after they escape from the
clutches of the military satraps and their mas-
ters here.
Mr. Speaker, I have but a few words more
to say. My time is nearly out, and I have
now talked longer than I intended when I com-
menced. This much I desire to say, however:
dangerous as was the avowal of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] that he in-
tended by this bill to give a new lease of power
to the Governor, the Legislature, and the pres-
ent State officers of Georgia; revolutionary as
was that announcement, it is as nothing com-
Fared with the other avowal of a purpose which
knew tbe radical leaders of the Republican
party were rapidly approaching.
That avowal of the gentleman was in sub-
stance that he wanted to pass this bill as a pre-
cedent, to show to the people of this country
that Congress has the right to exercise the same
power over any State, no matter where, that in
its opinion does not properly protect life, lib-
erty, and property within its borders ; that
Congress claimed the right to seize that State
by the throat and compel it to do what Con-
gress chooses to say it should do. He pointed
to the State of Tennessee and announced that
if his friends would stand by him he would seize
her as he was now proposing to seize Georgia.
I knew that the more radical men of the
Republican party were rapidly approaching that
point. But this is the first time that I have
ever heard the purpose deliberately avowed
upon this floor. It required a bold man like the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
to avow it now, and it is well that it has been
avowed; it is well for the country now to under-
stand it. It is not particularly because the
Republican party want to retain power in the
State of Georgia that this bill is to be passed,
but because they want a principle established
which will authorize Congress to seize any
State, no matter where, that does anything
that Congress may think is wrong in the treat-
ment of the citizens of that State within her own
borders, in regard either to the persons, liberty,
or property of her citizens. It is now to be
settled that Congress can determine by the vote
of a majority when to put a military commander
over any State, when to turn her out of the
Union, when to send her Representatives out of
this House, and her Senators out of the Senate,
and to remand her to a military despotism.
If thpt is the avowal of the Republican party,
as it was of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler]—and that party always follows
thelead of its boldest men, and since the removal
from earth of the distinguished Pennsylvanian,
Mr. Stevens, I have no doubt the gentleman
from Massachusetts will be acknowledged as
the leader of the more radical element of the
Republican party in that direction—let this bill
be passed and the precedent will soon become
a fundamental principle of tbe party.
Mr. NI BLACK. He is already.
Mr. BECK. He may be already. He will
be if he is not now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Wholeadsifhedoesnot?
Mr. BECK. I say that tbe moment that
purpose is understood by the country, if there
is any regard left for civil liberty—waiving all
questions of State right and State sovereignty,
about which gentlemen cavil so much but with-
out which the liberties of this people cannot
be maintained—I say if there is any regard for
civil liberty and human rights left on this con-
tinent the party and the men who advocate
that doctrine will be hurled from place and
power, and men will be sent here in their stead
who will stand by the rights of the States and of
the people to govern themselves in their own
way so far as relates to their own domestic
affairs.
If this bill should pass after such a declara-
tion of its objects and purposes who will say"
that Congress by a mere majority shall not,
whenever it shall think proper, overthrow the
liberties of this people? I believe there are
among the members on the Republican side
of the House men who will spurn any such
doctrine as that avowed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts yesterday; who will deny
the right of this Congress, even if a majority
should think that Pennsylvania, for instance,
is not doing what the majority wants done, or
that Massachusetts, Ohio, or Kentucky is not
doing what the majority on this floor think
