5498
THE CON(xKESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. STOCKTON. I have an amendment
to offer to which I beg leave to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and I should be most gratified to
have the attention of the Senate. It is a very-
small amount, and it is asked entirely in the
interest of humanity. It is for no State; it is
for the world at large. My friends on the other
side have been going for the world at large for
a long time ; their hearts are always open to
the claims of humanity. Now I have an amend-
ment to offer which does go for the world at
large, and active, practical humanity. On page
3, line thirty-eight, after the clause "for fifty-
four keepersof stations,at $200each, $10,800,''
I propose to insert:
For pay of six experienced surfmen to man each
of the boats at alternato life-saving stations on the
New Jersey coast, commencing at the first station
from Sandy Hook, from December 15 to March 15,
to bo appointed by the keepers thereof, at forty dol-
lars per month, $10,080.
- In the year 1847 an act was passed founded
on the discovery, or rather the practical appli-
cation of previous discoveries, which resulted
in the knowledge that life could be saved by
forming connections by means of mortars with
ships that were wrecked. As the coast of New
Jersey is at certain seasons one of the most
dangerous coasts on the Atlantic, the fact that
by means of firing shot and sending lines over
the water, over seas where no boat could live,
was of vast importance to the cause of human-
ity. Mr. President, I stood myself on the
coast of New Jersey, I stood on Squan beach
one stormy morning. The night before I had
seen eleven full-rigged shipsin the distance; and
aslstood onthat stormy morning eightof them
were lost to sight; but three full-rigged ships
lay rolling in the surf within the reach of my
sight, one of them not a mile and a half from
me, which on a straight and sandy shore seems
but a step. She was a ship from Bath, Maine;
and there she lay, like a thing of life, wrest-
ling with the breakers, struggling for breath.
I went down to that spot. 1 saw a shot fired
from a mortar; I saw the line cross the bow-
sprit of that vessel; I saw the faces and the
eyes of the people on board that ship as the
waves came in mountain high ; and all were
conscious that no boat could live fora moment
where no man dared test his puny strength
against the ocean in her might. I saw the wife
of that captain brought ashore by establishing
that communication; I saw the captain brought
on shore ; I saw every member of the crew
brought on shore; and that captain has been
in this city this winter, and although I did not
see him he sent a message recalling that fear-
ful morning when he came on shore on the
Jersey coast.
Mr. President, let ine tell you a little more.
As I said, there were three ships on shore, and
after witnessing what I have so feebly described,
and being a very helpless but anxious assistant
in that scene. I started down to the lower
part of the coast and there found another of
that fleet rolling in the breakers, gasping for
breath—another ship ashore, wrestling with the
elements. The surf was a little lighter here,
and the brave surfmen determined not to stand
and gaze !•> tlr; faces of their fellow-men and
see them die tv Uhout an effort to save. Unable
to endure ibsr ordeal, more fearful than any
danger, as fear • i to those on shore gazing at the
helpless people going down as to the victims
themselves—unable, as I said, to constrain
their feelings, Jiey determined that they would
launch a boat at all risks. One brave man cried
out, while Siis wife and children hung around
him imploringly, "Let us man our boat whether
we go under or not." They manned their boat,
and the first wave they met the boat flew in the
air like a rocket. Most saved themselves by
swimming, but the flying boat struck the back
of the very man who had proposed so bravely
to launch her, and his lifeless corpse was driven
up ou the beach at the feet of his helpless and
sorrow-stricken family. If you had had the
life-saving apparatus there you would have
saved the whole crew of that ship without
endangering the life of those on shore.
If I am correctly informed, the returns from
the underwriters in New York and the differ-
ent reports made on this subject show that since
the passage of the bill of 1847 three thousand
lives have been saved on the Jersey coast.
Now, go around to your societies and preach
your humanitarian doctrines, but I tell you
here is a practical method of helping the
helpless when they have no hope left. Why
do I ask for these $10,000 in addition? The
mariners and the surf-men of the coast of New
Jersey are as brave and as bold and as disin-
terested as any other people in the world; but
when the fishing season is over there are rivers
and streams and bays that divide the entire
coast from the ocean, and following the natu-
ral necessities by which they make their living,
they go back, and the shore is left frequently
and at different points for five or sis miles
without an inhabitant. You appropriate a cer-
tain sum, and you put a station agent there
with a mortar, with a boat, and he has nobody
to man the boat, nor work the car when com-
munication is established, and a vessel comes
ashore without his having power to help them.
Mr. President, I wish you could hear our
old surf-men whispering mysteriously of the
horrors that occur on the coming ashore of
emigrant ships on that coast. I recollect on
one bitter frosty night, when the sails and rig-
ging were crisp with ice, there were some four
hundred froze to death in the rigging in sight
of the helpless and horror-stricken beholders,
and the next morning there were their lifeless
arms still clutching and fastened in the rigging,
the bodies washed away. Every one of these
lives could have been saved if you had men
there, experienced surf-men there, to bring out
the boats and man them, or, if the boat could
not live, to fire the mortar.
I do not know that I violate any rule (and
if I do I think I shall be forgiven so slight a
violation) when I say that this proposition was
made in the House of Representatives by the
Representative from my district, [Mr. Haigiit, ]
who comes from that coast and knows all about
this subject. lie, however, feeling the great
duty we should perform and theobligation upon
us, asked for $20,000; he asked that every sta-
tion should be manned by six surf-men, for, as
I said before, if you do not have practical surf-
men, men who understand the business, there
is no use trying it at all. He failed by a few
votes only to carry this measure in the House,
and the House was very thin at the time. And
you all know how careful the House is at the
present session in reference to appropriations.
Now I ask you simply to put into this bill one
half that sum for alternate stations. For this
year anyhow, I beg you, I entreat you to give
me $10,000 to man stations with these surf-
men for each boat. And I assure .you that the
whole country is interested. I think you will
agree with me that I made no mistake when I
said that this amendment was not moved in
the interest of any State or any section.
I presume the station-masters are Repub-
licans, appointed by that party. I do not sup-
pose that any man will be selected for politics
when these surf-men are selected. Of all the
noble men that I have ever met in my life, the
most disinterested are the surf-men. They are
men who are entirely above party politics;
they are men who, by braving danger all their
lives from earliest childhood, are men that any
country and nation might be proud of, and
whose characters are elevated by danger, ami,
I repeat, Mr. President and Senators, that you
never made an appropriation in your lives of
the same amount that will do more good than
this. 1 insist upon it as a matter of duty; it
is an obligation, and it is all I have to ask on
this appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment ot" the Senator from New
J ersev.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I offer an amendment from the
Committee on Indian Affairs :
And be it further enacted, That the time in which
the persons named in the eleventh article of a treaty
made between the United States and the tribe of the
Sao and Fox Indians, concluded February lb, 1867,
were to make selections of certain unoccupied lands
as therein described, and pay the Secretary of the
Interior therefor, be, and the same is hereby, ex-
tended to the 1st day of January, 1871: Provided,
however. That in no case shall any of the persons
therein named, or their legal representatives, be per-
mitted to receive any patent for any quarter section
or part thereof of said lands selected by them after
the 15th day of January, 1869,on which lands any other
person or persons entered and made improvements
after the said 15th day of January, on which lands
such persons resided at the time such selection was
madeby any of the persons mentioned insaid eleventh
article, or on which any person shall bona fide reside
at the time any such selection shall be hereafter
mado.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior is hereby directed, on proof being
made at the United States land office in the district
in which said iand may be situated, that any person,
being tho head of a family, or a single person over
twenty-one years of age, and being a citizen of the
United States, or having declared his intention to
become such, as provided by law, after the 15th day
of January, 1869, entered on any unimproved lands
in said diminished reserve, and now resides thereon
and occupies the same, and has made improvement
and cultivation as required by the preemption laws,
to issue patonts in fee-simple to such person or per-
sons for any part of said land on which he resides as
aforesaid, not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres
to any one person, on the payment by such person,
at tho said land office, at the rate of $1 50 per acre
therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the followingameud-
ment, to come ia as an additional section; it
has the approbation of the Committee on Indian
Affairs:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior is hereby authorized to pay to
Antoinette Darling, or her legal representatives, the
sum ot $518 05, being the unexpended balance of the
sum appropriated for the payment of Sioux Indian
depredations in Minnesota in 1862 and 1863, the same
to be in full of all claims of the said Antoinette Dar-
ling for said depredations.
I would remark that this takes no money out
of the Treasury, but it is out of an appropri-
ation long since made for reimbursement to
those who suffered from Indian depredations
in 1862, of which there is a small balance on
hand. It is reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is this the same
Darling who appeared here on tho Indian
appropriation bill? [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. This is not the same Dar-
ling that was named in the Indian bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think this Dar-
ling which appeared here then was understood
to be a private claim. I submit that it is a
private claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair sus-
tains the point of order, for the amendment
states distinctly in the body of it that it is a
private claim.
Mr. RAMSEY. But this is provided for both
by treaty and by law, and that takes it out of
the exception of the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It says nothing
about a treaty, but "the same to be in full of
ail claims of the said Antoinette Darling for
said depredations."
Mr. RAMSEY. The thing was discussed
before: I have no disposition to do it again.
I will simply say that this met the approbation
of the Committee on Indian Affaire. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is no doubt a
strong claim ; but it is a case for a private bill,
under the rule.
_ Mr. POMEROY. On page 85 of the bill, line
eight hundred and twenty-six, I move to strike
out "$30,000" and insert "S40,000," because
that was the recommendation of the Depart-
ment, arid $30,000 is not enough for surveying
m the State of Kansas. This clause is as to
money appropriated this year for surveys in
Kansas.
r- MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to my
honorable friend in regard to all these items
tor surveys that tho appropriations in the bill
are much below the estimates, and I am not
