3B08
T5S CONGBBSSI0JJAJ, GtyQSfr
May 19,
vitude. The second ordains that all persons
born or naturalized in the United States are
citizens of the United States and of the States
in which they reside, and that no State shall
henceforth have the power to make or enforce
any law abridging the privileges and immupi-
ties of citizens of the Republic. The third
ordains that no State shall abridge the right
of suffrage of any citizen on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude. And
all three empower Congress to pass appropri-
ate legislation for their enforcement.
That is the result of the great constitutional
revolution. What does this result signify? The
war grew out of the systematic violation of
individual rights by State authority. The war
ended with tbe vindication of individual rights
by the national power. The revolution found
the rights of the individual at the mercy of
the States; it rescued them from their arbi-
trary discretion, and placed them under the
shield of national protection. It made the
liberty and rights of every citizen in every
State a matter of national concern. Out of
a republic of arbitrary local organizations
it made a republic of equal citizens—citizens
exercising the right of self-government under
and through the States, but as to their rights
as citizens not subject to the arbitrary will
of the States. It grafted upon the Constitu-
tion of the United States tbe guarantee of
national citizenship ; and it empowered Con-
gress, as the organ of the national will, to en-
force that guarantee by national legislation.
That is the meaning of that great revolution;
and if Democratic Senators denounce the bill
at present before us as its offspring they are
welcome. I accept the name.
Now, sir, what is the scope and purpose of
this bill? It provides that no State shall
enforce a law with regard to elections, or the
processes preliminary to elections, in which
in any way, either directly or indirectly, dis-
crimination is made against any citizen on
account of race, color, or previous condition ;
and when any citizen is hindered in the exer-
cise of the right of suffrage by means of fraud,
intimidation, or violence, or misuse of official
power, the offender shall be brongbtto trial and
1 punishment by a court of the United States.
And for this the bill provides the necessary
machinery. In other words, neither a State
nor an individual shall deprive any citizen of
the United States, on account of race or color,
of the free exercise of his right to participate
in the functions of self-government; and the
national Government assumes the duty to pre-
vent the commission of the crime, and to cor-
rect its consequences when committed. That
is all.
If we were to judge the character and tend-
ency of this bill from the expressions used by
our Democratic associates in denouncing it w«
should think that we were about to perpetrate
the most horrible crime against the rights of
man and human liberty ever conceived by the
human imagination. It is as if the democratic
institutions of this country were about to re-
ceive their death-blow, while we contemplate
nothing but to secure every citizen of the United
States in the free and full enjoyment of those
democratic institutions.
What are the objections? It is, I believe,
not pretended that the bill in its general scope
iind purpose runs against the Constitution as
improved by the fifteenth amendment; but it is
objected that the bill i  uncalled for, on the
ground that nothing has been done in the
different States to show the necessity of any
such legislation. Sir, is this true? Can this
assertion be maintained even a single moment ?
For generations the practices of slavery have
controlled the minchj and moral views of the
people of the southern States. Popularprejn-
dice, so long nourished by those practices, was
naturally arrayed against the enfranchisement
of the former slave, and the beneficent agency
of time has by no means been sufficient yet to
allay jt, whatever Improvement we may ob-
serve. Joined to the prejudice of race, the
jealousy of political power conspirfes against
a fair execution of the fifteenth amendment,
and in view of these opposing forces, who will
deny that this legislation to enforce it is neces-
sary?
Nay, more than that. The very Senators
on this floor who pretend that the passage of
this bill is not called for by circumstances go
so far as to throw doubt upon the validity of
the fifteenth amendment, thus exciting the
worst passions of the disturbing element in
the South to do all within their power to defeat
the purposes of this constitutional provision.
Is it not so ? And while on the one hand
themselves fanning the flame, they on the other
hand deny the necessity of quencning it. Will
it be unfair to assume under such circum-
stances that while denouncing this legislation
as uncalled for they merely desire to defeat
the purposes of the fifteenth amendment?
The Senator from Maryland urged another
argument, which at first sight seems to have
some plausibility. He says that the'Constitu-
tional amendment is one of the great prohib-
itory clauses, as we find them in several places
and on several subjects in the Constitution of the
United States, and that with regard to them en-
forcinglegislation had never been thought neces-
sary. Suppose this to be so; can he tell me why
it was deemed indispensable to affix to the thir-
teenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments
the express provision that Congress should have
the power to enforce them by appropriate legis-
lation? The Senatorfrom Maryland says that'
Congress had that power anyhow. I suppose
so; bat why was the ppwer never so emphatic-
ally and expressly asserted as in these three
cases? Simply because it was known that the
recent three amendments had to be enforced in
the States lately in armed insurrection, against
the opposition of prejudice, habit, and polit-
ical passion. Is not the distinction obvious?
Is not the intent of those who drafted the amend-
ments and provided for the express gyant of
power clear as sunlight? Is not the necessity
of using that grant of power equally evident?
No#, sir, I will not go into the discission of
the argument offered by Democratic Senators
against the details of this bill. ' I know there
are several provisions which are objectionable.
I admit it frankly. I do think that the section
which confers by implication upon the Presi-
dent power tb surround the polls with tbe mil-
itary forces of the United States ought not to
be raised to the dignity of a permanent law,
I know that such a law would be repugnant
to the gebius of free institutions, and that it
is considered so all over the world. So it is
with the other clause providing that the Presi-
dent shall have the power to command a judge
to go here and to go there; and further, it is
in my opinion of doubtful propriety to stimu-
late the desire of a citizen to secure "bis rights
by the mercenary consideration of money. I?
does appear to me if a man ha? tot spirrl
enough to do it for the sake of his rights, he
ought not to be permitted to do it for the sake
of so many dollars. And I here express my j
hope that the Senate will strike out these !
obnoxious provisions. \
But as to the whole machinery of the bill, I;
think the Senator from Ohio was not quite 1
justified in waving off so lightly the argument
which was employed against him by my friend
from Vermont that the Democrats bad found
that legal machinery not only constitutional,
but positively admirable when it was used to
enforce the fugitive-slave law, while they de-
nounce it as detestable and infamous now. The
Senator from Ohio knows very well that a legal
machinery used for a laudable purpose maybe
very praiseworthy, while it is 'most reprehend- !
ible when used for evil; and so the Senator !
from Vermont was certainly right when he
blamed the Democrats for catling thfs machin-
ery all possible bad names when it is to be
used in the service of the constitutional rights
of freemen, while fliey had upheld it as most
rightful and necessary, and denounced every-
body as a traitor who would not help in execut-
ing it when it was to serve in the unholy work
of returning fugitive slaves^ who sought their
freedom, to bondage and misery.
But here is another question of interest.
Does this bill really take away from tbe States
the power to legislate on the subject? Look
at it closely. Does it? Not at all, sir. It
leaves the States just as free as they ever were
to legislate for the prompt and vigorous en-
forcement of protection of the right of every
voter to the free exercise of the suffrage. Does
it not? In that respect it does not impose the
least restriction on the power of the States.
In that direction the States may go just as far
as they please. But the bill does provide that
a State shall no longer have the power to
swindle any of its citizens out of their rights.
A State shall have full power to_ do that
which is right in its own way; but it is pro-
hibited from doing that which is wrong in any
Stay. It is this, 1 suppose, what Democrats
will insist upon calling an arbitrary limitation
of State rights. Or is it true, what is asserted
also, that this legislation does not find anything
analogous in the Constitution of the United
States? In the Constitution, sir, we find one
clause which ordains that no State shall have
the power to grant titles of nobility. What
does that mean ? It means that no State shall
elevate by the grant of privileges, one class of
its citizens above the rest. And what is con-
templated by the fifteenth amendment and by
the law designed to enforce it? That no State
shall have the power to degrade, by the with-
holding of rights, any portion of its citizens
below the rest. Is not the correspondence
here evident? But here suddenly the indigna-
tion of our Democratic friends is aroused, and
in the prohibition to degrade men they find an
intolerable encroachment on State rights and
local self-government. And just there, I appre-
hend, is the rub. It is not so much the tech-
nicalities of the bill; it is the spirit, the pur-
pose of the bill they oppose. It is, as the
Senator frOm Maryland has juSt openly and
boldly proclaimed, that if the bill were ever so
perfect, he would vote against it on general
principles. He nods his assent; and I am sure
I cannot mistake him; and the same thing we
have been given to understand by every Dem-
ocratic Senator who has addressed the Senate
on this question.
Let us see what their complaints are, then.
Strip them of all the verbiage oftechnical points,
sift them to the bottom, and you will find there
a residue of the old pro-slavery logic still. As
they once asserted that true liberty implied
the right of one man to hold ahqther man as
his slave; they will tell you now that they are
no longer true freemen in their States because
under the authority of the States they can no
longer deprive other men of their rights. As
they once asserted that true self-government
consisted in the power of a State to exclude a
large portion of its citizens from self-govern-
ment, so they w'ill say now that we strike a blow
at self-government because we insist upon
legislation securing every citizen of the States
in the enjoyment of self-government. Is it
not so ?
Destruction of self-government! What a
prodigious discovery our Democratic associates
nave made! Sir, it is not because this bill
lays its hands upon self-government to destroy
it, btlt because by the fifteenth amendment, and
the legislation made in pursuance thereof, the
general sway of self-government is to be for
the first time established all over this country,,
that lam in favor of the principles of this act.
What is true self-government? What does
it consist in ? . True self-government consists
in a political organization of society' which
secures to the generality of its members, that
is to say, to the whole people, and not to a
pirt of them only, the right and the means to
cooperate in the management of their common
affairs, either directly, or, where direct action is
