1870.
WM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
they ought tq dq; who will, deny the right of
Congress to intervene in the affairs of these
States, and who will indignantly denounce any
such doctrine as that which was avowed here
yesterday by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
But this is the entering wedge; that ig the
position to which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is now seeking to drive you gentle-
men. And if you stand by this bill and sanc-
tion this usurpation the very next step will be
to turn Tennessee out of the Union, and tho
gentleman from Massachusetts will justify that
course in regard to Tennessee by what you did
in regard to Georgia. And when Tennessee
has been turned out, then will follow State
after State that may be obnoxious to the domi-
nant msyority here, and civil liberty on this
continent will be at an end. Anarchy or
empire will speedily follow. When you know
that Georgia has done all that was required of
her, when you have the Governor, the Legis-
lature, and all the other officers are in your
own hands as you admit, when yourown Pres-
ident has declared that Georgia has complied
with all the requirements of the reconstruction
laws, when Congress has admitted the same
thing, when every department of the Govern-
ment has avowed it and every man on this floor
knows it, surely you ought to vote down this bill
and to say to the people of Georgia, "send your
Representatives here; send your Senators to
the other end of the Capitol; let them submit
their credentials showing that they are duly
elected, and they shall become component parts
of these two Houses of Congress." If this
be done you will put your veto upoa the rad-
icalism here proposed, and you will do much
to restore the confidence of the people in the
professions you have always made that you are
seeking to maintain civil liberty and consti-
tutional rights in this land. I have some hope
that you will do it.
Mr. Speaker, although my time is not quite
out I will not detain the House longer, as I
would thereby delay the remarks of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] who, as I
understand, desires to follow me.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I will send to
the Clerk's desk to be read, an amendment
which I desire to offer to the amendment which
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
proposes to offer to his qwa substitute. X
believe the gentleman's original amendment
was designed as a substitute.
Mr. BECK. Y es, sir. I have.given notice
of an amendment to the substitute. I cannot
offer it to-day, because no business can be trans-
acted.
Mr. PAINE. I send to the Clerk's desk the
amendment which I propose to offer to the
amendment which the gentleman from Kent
tucky has indicated his intention tq submit.
The SPEAKER^ro tempore, (Mr. Chgkch-
ill.) The proposition will be read. It can;
not be offered to-day.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the .amendment of Mr.BECS thfrfollowing:
Provided, That this act shall not have the effect to
repeal any provision ofthe reconstruction acts here-
tofore passed applicable to the State of Georgia.
Mr. PAINE. At the proper time, Mr.
Speaker, whenever the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky may be pending, I shall
ask a vote upon my amendment to the amend?
ment.
Sir, the hour is so late that it would be im-
possible for me this afternoon to say what I
desire to say upon this bill. I shall not, there-
fore, occupy the attention of the House at this
time. I do not know that the bill will be
debated on Monday, beyond the hour which
will belong to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] who has charge of this bill;
hut I know that one or more gentlemen who
desire to speak upon the question have con-
cluded to do so on Monday if the House will
permit it. I never have attempted, and I shall
•rot in this case attempt, to intrude my remarks
upon,the House, against its will; but I have
decided to forfeit entirely my right to the floor
to-day >trusting to the indulgence of the House
to grant rac the floor on Monday.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor and said: I
will yield a portion of my time to the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Bird.]
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to call
attention, in discussing this question, to the pre-
amble of the act of Congress passed on the
25th of June, 1868, and also to the first section
of that act. J ask attention also to what was
I-afterward done in that Congress more deliber-
ately. I invite attention to what was subse-
quently done in this House upon the report
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts
; [Mr. Dawes] from the Committee of Elections,
iu these words:
" I am instructed by the Committee of Elections
to raport back the credentials of J. W. Clift ana C.
H. Prince, members-elect from tbe State of Georgia,
that State having ratified the fourteenth ameutfment
to the Constitution, and in all other respects having
conformed to the requirements of law in regard to
the admission of that State; these gentlemen will
take tho oath prescribed by the act of July 2,1862."
I call attention also to the fact that this
report was agreed to, and that in pursuance
thereof Mr. J. W. Clift, Mr. C. H. Prince, and
four other gentlemen were admitted to seats
suffered both in rebellion and in peace. The
wrongs produced by the unholy action of their
own brethren have been strongly magnified by
a heartless and blood-thirsty lather.
They have withstood it all. By this time they
have become prepared for a more exquisite ap-
plication of the torturer's arts. So, then, while
you are in the display of so much fatherly kind-
ness, had you not better call to the bar of
this House that faithful public servant, General
Terry, and inquire of him fully whether he is
entirely satisfied in every particular with all
the doings and undoings of the people of Geor-
gia? While he is on the war-path and has his
hflnd•well committed to the work every doubt
i ml18 solved, every symptom of disease
should be removed. Now, it may be that Gen-
eral Terry has not fully exhausted his discre-
tion yet; or it may be that he has exhausted
it too soon, and has, forsooth, sent up to this
honorable body or to the President a white-
washing report. Who knows? After ali, we
cannot always trust to the sword. And if
General Terry has not exhausted his discretion
he may by and by discover some dangerous
proud-flesh lurking in the uncicatrized wound.
Therefore, let him exhaust himself now. Keep
 ^ *   , ( Georgia to the rack, to the torture, to the stake,
on this floor, and during the remainder of the ■' P, your wrath is fully appeased. Apply the
Fortieth Congress took part ia the deliberations instruments of your cruelty, pile up the fagots,
of this House. I would also call attention to at? fun the flame, so.that none shall be found
the preamble of this bill, which recites: J-V!*. I n<?t wors"1P y°u:
Whereas the people of Georgia have framed and j: ^
adopted a.constitution of State government which 13 Dent inquiries. It is manifest to all men that
republican; and. whereas the Legislature of Georgia, i, you are not easily pleased, or else that you
elected under said constitution, has ratified the four- ■ often chancre vonr minds, so that what meeta
often change your minds, so that what meets
with your approval to-day will not to-morrow.
You display, in your efforts at reconstruction,
unmistakable evidence of vacillation as great
as one meets with in the elements of any lati-
tude under the sun.
I must object to the passage of this measure
and enter my protest against every feature of
it, because it implies infallibility in the condi-
tions appended. It implies that all tbe wisdom
of the past and present has been so happily,
arranged as to indicate with unerring certainty
what things are essential to the bliss and per-
fection of map. It also implies that the wisdom
of this generation is superior to all the coming
ages of the world. The mirror of truth, purity,
and holiness has revealed to the leaders of
this day all the imperfections of human govern-,
ment and given them immaculate conception of
the rule of conduct for men to the end of time.
; And thus we have, on thi3 mundane sphere,
! with Mormonism and polygamy on the one
hand, and spiritualism and free love on the
other, the verification of the great declaration,
that the fatherhood of God has at last been
developed and demonstrated in the brother-
; hood of man.
; I shall vote against this bill because I regard
it as most inconsistent with itsejfgnd disreput-
j able to the character apdj$ighfiy of this House.
Legislators who sanction such measures com-
promise their intelligence, their sagacity,, and
their honor. The first section of this measure
is strangely inconsistent with the preamble.
If the recitals in the preamble be true then
there can be no condition of things in Georgia
requiring or justifying the harsh, enslaving and
debasing conditions which follow. To give the
dignity of congressional authority to such ab-
surdities will not change their true character,
I will vote against this bill because, if it be
legitimate to impose these conditions, to compel
a supposed refractory people to conform to the
will of Congress in one case, it may be done in
every other. There can possibly be no distinc-
tion between the different States on this point.
To yield a principle of such incalculable im-
portance as this cannot but terminate in the
ruin of the Republic. The State that is sus-
tained in dictating her dogmas to Georgia to- day
will have a perfect right to expect her imperi-
ous claims to purity in morals, education, or
      o religion imposed upon New York or New Jer-
for one generation to suffer what they have ii sey as well. To:day it is the New England
teenth and fifteenth amendments to the Constitution
of the United States; and whereas the performance
of these several acts in good faith is a condition-pre-
cedentto the representation of the State in Congress.
Mr. Speaker, since the interests and the fate
of Georgia are before us again, being the third
time during this Congress, I would now inquire
if in your judgment the work be well done if
it be completely done ? Will there be no neces-
sity for a repetition of this undertaking ? The
sword has failed twice; will it not fail again ?
Has the Gordian knot been cut at test in Geor-
gia, aqd are you now satisfied that the form
of government dictated by a military arm, if
not written in blood, is truly as republican .as
you would desire it? In course of your own
political experience do y6u think your mind
may not change with respect to the watits or
best interests of Georgia?" Have you thrown
all into the balances of infinite, eternal, and
immutable justice, and discovered just where
truth and just where error lie ? Have you looked
into this constitution with anxious, undistorted
eyes to determine whether or not every negro
is securely provided for, so that he will not in
all the coming ages bear any unnecessary bur-
den? Are you quite sure that he lias vouch-
safed to him all the inalienable, indefeasible,
and everlasting rights of man, civil, social, reli-
gious, and educational? This point deserves
your most earnest attention. There is no tell-
ing how soon some favored colored iildivicfaal,
or suddenly converted Union man, or some
one willing to identify his interests with her
sons and sacrifice himself to a seat in Congress,
may be the subject of rebellious assault, or
deprived of some chief preeminence because
of some defect, inadvertence, or indiscretion
in this constitution. * '
* Now is the time to do or to undo.- There
should be no fear or hesitation about complet-
ing this work so auspiciously begun. While
the wound is open and the life-blood flowing
be assured by every consideration not to> let it
heal, if you have not sworn to be satisfied. ■
For God's $ak$ pever again open that sore
afresh; never again set that purple current J
running. There never again will be a genera-
tion of men that will be able to bear what has
been imposed upon Georgians. They have
borne the yoke until they wear it more lightly.
They have become accustomed to clanking
chains and treacherous hands. It is enough
