1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
State of Virginia had ratified those amend-
ments ; and all this, sir, was daring the war.
By the Secretary of War.
Now, sir, as to the Secretary of War. On
the 25th day of June, 1861, Secretary Cameron
requested Francis H. Peirpoint, as Governor
of the State of Virginia, to commission the
field and company officers in the regiments
furnished by the State of Virginia to the Union
Army, and they were so commissioned.
Interior Department.
Now for the Interior Department. On the
26th day of June, 1861, Secretary Caleb Smith
informed Francis H. Peirpoint, Governor of
the State of Virginia, that Virginia was entitled
to eleven Representatives in Congress.
Treasury Department.
And on the 28th of November, 1861, Sec-
retary Chase notified "Francis H. Peirpoint,
Governor ot the State of Virginia,'' that direct
taxes had been levied on that State, and re-
quested him to aid in securing the collection
of her quota.
And this apportionment of taxes was made
under that' clause of the Constitution which
provides that—
" Representatives and direct taxes phall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union, according to their respect-
ive numbers."
And when that assessment was made Vir-
ginia was recognized "as a State within the
Union" by Congress, by the President, and
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Hence, Mr. Speaker, we see that the Pres-
ident of the United States during all those long
years of fire and blood, during all that period
of storm and tempest, recognized Virginia as
a State of the Union ; communicated with its
chief magistrate as Governor of the State of
Virginia; and received into the military service
of the United States regiments organized as
Virginia regiments and commanded by officers
holding commissions under the hand of Fran-
cis H. Peirpoint as Governor of the State of
Virginia, and who fought in the common cause
of our common Union.
RECOGNITION OF VIRGINIA AS A STATE OP THE UNION
BY THE CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES DURING
AND SINCE THE CLOSE OF THE "WAR.
I have heard it asserted, sir, upon this floor
that Congress had not by any act recognized
Virginia as a State of the Union since the
Richmond ordinance of secession. And I pro-
pose to show that Congress by frequent solemn
acts recognized and treated Virginia as a State,
and held those who were in arms within Vir-
ginia against the Federal Government as in-
surgents, from the time the first gun was fired
on the soil of that State until two years after
the close of the war; for it was not until
March, 1867, that Congress seized Virginia by
the throat and drove her Senators and Repre-
sentatives from the Halls of the national Legis-
lature ; and as she was recognized as a State
within the Union during the war and two years
after the close of the war, will not the world
believe that there was a hidden motive for
denying lier representation in Congress since
1867 other than the fact that a portion of her
people had risen in insurrection against the
Federal Government? Will not the world be-
lieve that there is too much truth in the eharge
that the whole legislation of Congress for some
years back has had for its single object the
continuance in office of a few persons who have
control, and, to use a strong if not an elegant
word, who run this Government for their own
selfish purposes, without reference to the wel-
fare of the people or the honor and prosperity
of the country V
In what manner did Congress acknowledge
Virginia as a State within the Union as I have
charged ?
1. By recognizing and consenting to the act
of the Legislature of the State of Virginia in
creating the State of West Virginia out of ter-
ritory within hur own jurisdiction.
2. By the recognition and consent ot Con-
gress to the act of the Legislature of the State
of Virginia to cede the counties of Berkeley
and Jefferson to the State of West Virginia.
3. By the act of March, 1862, whereby Vir-
ginia was entitled to eight and West Virginia
to three Representatives in Congress.
4. By the act of August 5, 1861, whereby a
a direct tax of $937,550 66f was apportioned
to the State of Virginia.
5. Congress, sir, further recognized Vir-
ginia as a State while her children were fight-
ing in opposing armies, Virginians recogniz-
ing the confederate and Virginians recognizing
the Federal Government; regiments of Vir-
ginians fighting for the Union and regiments
of Virginians fighting against the Union. Dur-
ing this condition of things Congress recog-
nized Virginia as a State by admitting into the
Congress of the United States Senators and
Representatives from the State of Virginia.
6. By admitting Senators and Representa-
tives from the State of West Virginia into
the Congress of the United States; for if Vir-
ginia has not been a State of the Union, then
there is no such State as West Virginia, for
she could only become a State by and with
the consent of the State of Virginia.
7. By what other acts has Congress during
these years of trouble recognized Virginia as a
State within the Union? Probably, sir, I owe
an apology to honorable gentlemen for referring
to the Constitution of the United States, an
instrument the existence of which some of them
seem to have forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, the Constitution provides for
its amendment. But how can the Constitution
be amended? By the President? No, sir; the
President has no such rightful power. By Con-
gress? No, sir; and it may be regarded as a
remarkable fact that Congress has not as yet
formally claimed to have the right to change
the Constitution in letter as it has flagrantly
violated both its letter and its spirit. How,
then, can the Constitution bo amended ? By
the concurrentaction ofthe peopleofthe States
and Territories? No, sir; the Territories have
no voice in amending the Constitution. I re-
peat how, then, can it be amended? The Con-
stitution, sir—which, thank God! is not yet
dead—the Constitution provides that—
" The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments
to this Constitution" * ■* * * "which
shall be valid to all intents and purposes as parts of
this Constitution when ratified by tho Legislatures
of three fourths of the several States or by conven-
tions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other
mode of ratification may be proposed by Congress."
And under this clause of the Constitution
Congress has submitted the proposed amend-
ments to the Constitution—the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth—to the State of Virginia
for ratification, thereby three distinct times
recognizing Virginia as a State of the Union ;
for certain it is that a State outside of the Union
has no right to change the Constitution of the
Union to which it is not a member so as to
affect the rights and interests of the people of
the Slates within the Union.
Here, then, Mr. Speaker, are nine solemn
acts of Congress, extending from the year 1861,
wherein Congress recognized Virginia as a State
withintheUnion. Andhenee, underthe second
section of the first article of the Constitution,
the State of Virginia is entitled to represent-
ation without regard to the odious conditions
sought to be imposed by the bill reported by
the Committee on Reconstruction.
Now, sir, you have seen that the President
and the heads of the Departments of your Gov-
ernment and the Congress of the United States
all have recognized Virginia as a State in the
Union up to the time that Congress laid vio-
lent hands upon that old Commonwealth and
hurled her from the Union, two years after the
rebellion had closed.
TUB SUPREME COURT OP THE UNITED STATES RECOG-
NIZES VIRGINIA AS A STATE WITHIN TEE UNION.
And now I propose further to show that the
highest judicial tribunal in this land, that body
which has the right to determine constitutional
questions, the Supreme Court of. the United
States, has recognized Virginia as being a State
in the Union. Immediately after the conclusion
of the war the Federal courts were reestablished
in the State-of Virginia, and the Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court held court in the eity of
Richmond; and at this moment, as I have said,
the State of Virginia appears in the Supreme
Court of the United States as a party to a suit
against the State of West Virginia.
I said that not only has Virginia during all
this period been recognized, as a State by the
Executive of the United States, by the heads
of the Departments of the Government, by the
Congress of the United States, by the Supreme
Court of the United States, but she has also
been so recognized by her sister States as a State
in the Union. My own State, the State of
Ohio, by the action of her Legislature during
the time that Governor Peirpoint was the chief
Executive of the State of Virginia, asked the
consent of the Legislature of that State to
grant the right of way for a railroad to pass
through her territory and for its consent to
bridge the Ohio river. And further, Governor
Peirpoint was invited to meet and did meet
with the Governors of the other States adher-
ing to the Union, at Altoona, on the 24th of
September, 1862, in order to concert measures
for the prosecution of the war.
And now I appeal to the judgment and the
intelligence of this House. I appeal to this
honorable body, composed as it is in large part
of lawyers. I ask them whether Virginia, hav-
ing been recognized as a State during the en-
tire war by the executive department of the
Government, by the legislative department of
the Government, and recognized now as a State
in the Union by the Supreme Court of the
United States, upon what pretext can'you, as
legislators, under the solemn obligation of your
oaths to support the Constitution, undertake to
deny to Virginia the right of representation on
this floor?
Is it not evident, Mr. Speaker, that Congress
made a grave mistake in the year 1867, in
driving the Senators and Representatives of
Virginia from the floors of Congress? And
will we not commend ourselves to the indul-
gent judgment and good opinion of the world
by frankly correcting the error committed, and
by an honest endeavor to remedy the grave
wrong which has been done ?
It is not pretended—and I now approach
that branch of the subject to which gentlemen
upon the other side particularly address them-
selves in the discussion of the bill before the
House—it is not pretended, by any gentleman
on the Committee on Reconstruction; and I
presume that it will not be pretended by any
gentleman upon this floor, that Virginia has
not complied in every particular with the re-
quirements of what are called the acts of recon-
struction. Then, if the Constitution is to be
thrown aside, if it is to be disregarded by this
body in a solemn act of legislation, still com-
mon manhood and common honesty dictate
that we should at least adhere to our own prop-
osition, that we should stand by our own acts
in reference to the admission of that State.
I have said, sir, and I repeat it, that anxious
as I am to see Virginia restored to her consti-
tutional rights in this Union, to see her Repre-
sentatives once more upon this floor,, still 1 am
not willing, and I will not vote for any measure
which proposes to drag that great old Com-
monwealth into the presence of this House
and of the country in manacles and in chains.
MASSACHUSETTS AND VIRGINIA.
Sir, when I think of the present and compare
it with the past, when I view to-day the posi-
tion occupied by the members in this honorable
body from the old Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts, when I see the hands of Massachu-
setts fastened upon the throat of prostrate
Virginia, I can but compare the position ot
I Massachusetts toward Virginia now with tin
I conduct of Virginia toward Massachusetts in
