108
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
41st Cong....2b Sess.
Laws of the United States.
exactions to which other vessels were in the
ports of that country liable.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLTX.—An Act to amend existing
Laws relating to Internal Revenue.
jBe it enaetedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That on and after the
passage of this act, in addition to the articles
now exempt by law, the articles and products
hereinafter enumerated shall be exempt from
internal tax, namely: canned and preserved
fish, shell-fish, meats, fraits, and vegetables.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLX.—Au Act to amend au Act enti- j
tied "An Act authorizing the construction
of a Bridge across the Missouri River upon
the Military Reservation at Fort Leaven-
worth, Kansas."
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sixth section of
the act entitled "An act authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river,
upon the military reservation at Fort Leaven-
worth, Kansas," be amended, so as to read as
follows: Section G. And be it further cnacted,
That it shall be lawful for the Saint Joseph and
Denver City Railroad Company, a corporation
chartered and created by the laws of the State
of Kansas, or their assigns, to build a bridge,
and maintain the same, across the Missouri
river at or near Saint Joseph, Missouri, on the
terms, and subject to the limitations and re-
strictions contained in the first, second, and
third sections of the act of Congress, passed
July twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nix, entitled "An act to authorize the con-
st ruction of certain bridges, and to establish
them aspost roads," and that said corporation
iii.iv have, hold, and enjoy all the rights, priv-
•!>-yi's, and franchises conferred by, and con-
i.lined in, said last-mentioned act; and said
company may construct and maintain ways for
wagons, carriages, and for foot passengers,
charging and receiving reasonable tolls there-
for; and when said bridge is constructed
under said limitations it shall be a lawful
structure and be recognizcd and known as a
post route: Provided, That if said bridge shall
be constructed as a drawbridge the spans of
the draw shall not be less than two hundred
feet in the clear on each side of the central
point.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXT.—An Act to vacate the Fort
Dakota Military Reservation in the Territory
of Dakota, and for other purposes.
Be it enaciedbt/ the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the military reser-
vation at Fort Dakota, in the county of Min-
nehaha, and Territory of Dakota, he, and the
same is hereby, vacated, and the lauds embraced
in said reservation shall bo subject to private
entry under the provisions of the preemption
and homestead laws of the United States, ex-
cept so much thereof as may bo embraced in
rcctious heretofore reserved for school pur-
poses : Provided, That nothing in this act shall
be so construed as to interfere with any rights
which may have accrued previous to the with-
drawal oi sai<! lauds for the purpose of said
reservation : And provided also, That any im-
provements ou said reservation made by the
military authorities prior to its relinquishment
by the Secretary of War, shall be appraised by
the register and receiver of the land office of the
districtin which said reservation is situated, and
paid l'or by the purchaser of the lands on which
the same aie located: And provided further.
That no patent shall issue for any portion of
said lands until the improvements thereon shall
have been paid for at their appraised value.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXII.—An Act in amendment of
the Act entitled "An Act establishing an
Uniform System of Bankruptcy throughout
the United States."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thattheprovisions of the
second clause of the thirty-third section of said
act, a3 amended by the first section of an act
in amendment thereof, approved July twenty-
seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, shall
not apply to those debts fromwhich the bank-
rupt seeks a discharge which were contracted
prior to the lirstday of January, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
clause in the thirty-ninth section of said act
which now reads "or who, being a banker,
merchant, or trader, has fraudulently stopped
or suspended and not resumed payment of his
commercial paper within a period of fourteen
days," shall be amended so as to read as fol-
lows : " or who, being a banker, broker, mer-
chant, trader, manufacturer, or miner, has
fraudulently stopped payment, or who has
stopped or suspended and not resumed payment
of his commercial paper within a period of
fourteen days."
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Ckap. CCLXIII.—An Act authorizing the
establishment of Water-Meters for the Poto-
mac Water, the laying of an additional Water-
Main from the distributing Reservoir of the
Washington Aqueduct, and for other pur-
poses.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in order to prevent
unnecessary waste of Potomac water, and in
order to more fully enforce the laws of the cor-
poration of Washington and Georgetown, in
relation to the distribution of the same, the
engineer officer in charge of the Washington
aqueduct is hereby authorized and empowered,
alter giving notice, to shut off the water when
such notice shall be disregarded from any places
where a waste,of water is occurring.
Skc. '2, And be it f urther enacted, That the
use of Potomac water for mechanical and man-
ufacturing purposes, or for private fountains,
street and pavement washers, shall be allowed
only when, in the opinion of said engineer, it
will not be detrimental to the general distribu-
tion of water in the two cities.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That the
supply of water to all manufacturing establish-
ments, hotels, livery stables, and other places
requiring a large quantity, shall be determined
by meters crected and maintained at the ex-
pense of the consumer; and tho said corpor-
ations of Washington and Georgetown shall
charge and collect for the quantity so determ-
ined a pi'ice not exceeding three cents per hun-
dred gallons.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That said
engineer officer shall cause to be furnishedand
laid from the distributing reservoir of the
Washington aqueduct to Capitol Hill, in the
city of Washington, aiongsuoh route as he shall
determine, an iron mam of thirty-six inches in
diameter, connected with the present mains at
such points as lie shall direct, and that tho
entire cost thereof shall be horns proportion-
ately by the corporations of Washington and
Georgetown, and in order to provide for such
cost, the said corporations are hereby empow-
ered and authorized to increase the present
water rates and water taxes to suchau amount
as may by them be deemed necessary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That for
the purpose of enabling the corporations afore-
said to carry out the provisions of this act, it
shall be competent for them to borrow, in such
proportions as they may deem necessary, a sum
of money not exceeding twohundred andsixty
thousand dollars for the city of Washington,
and forty thousand dollars for the city of George-
town, redeemable within a period of ten years,
out of any revenue to be derived from water
rents.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Criip. CCLX1V.—An Act to amend the Act
to Incorporate the National Academy of
Sciences.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act to incorporate
the National Academy of Sciences, approved
March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
be, and the same is hereby, so amended as to
remove the limitation of tho number of ordin-
ary members of said academy is provided in
said act.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXV.—An Act to amend section
four of the Act of March thirty-ono, eighteen
huudred and sixty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall not be
assessed or collected, under or by virtue of
section four of an act approved March thirty-
one, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, entitled
"An act to exouiptcertain manufacturers from
internal tax, and for other purposes," any
internal tax upon pork-packers, lard-render-
ers, or those engaged in smoking hams, curing
meats, or otiiers known as in the provision
trade, as manufacturers within the meaning
of the said section ; and if any such tax shall
have been assessed, but not coilected, the same
is hereby remitted.
Approved, July 14. 1870.
Chap. CCLXVL—An Act to declare forfeited
to the United States certain Lands granted
to the State of Louisiana to aid in construct-
ing a Railroad therein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That nil the lands which
were granted by Congress, in the year eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, to the State of Louis-
i iana, to aid in the construction of the New
Orleans, Opelousas, and Great Western rail-
road, and which have not been lawfully dis-
posed of by the said State under said grant,
which has expired by limitation, or by act of
Congress since the original grant, are hereby
declared forleited to the United States, and
those lands shall hereafter be disposed of as
other public lands of the United States.
Amt.oved, July 14, 1870.
! Chap. CCLXVT!.—An Act to discontinue the
j CiarksyiiSe, Aikansas, Land District and the
csiablishmen i of an Additional Land District
i in that State.
I Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatkes of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the district of lands
j noiv subject to disposal at Clarksville, Ark-
! ansas, be, and the same is hereby, discontinued
[ from and after the first day of July, eighteen
| hundred and seventy, and that thereafter the
j said land district be divided as follows: be-
; ginning at the corner common to townships
! twelve and thirteen north, ranges seventeen
