8610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
But, sir, on the other hand, the party that
would refuse to recognise and acquiesce in the
great results of this beneficent revolution, the
party that would attempt to subverttho institu-
tion of general self-government under national
protection, us now established in the Constitu-
tion ; the party that would strive to overthrow
this new order of things, such a party certainly
cannot fail to encounter the condemnation of
the people and to uieet disgrace and destruc-
tion, for such a party openly by its own confes-
sion constitutes itself the enemy of the peace
and glory of this Republic. And I would say
to ray friend from New Jersey that I did not
come to this country, where 1 hope to enjoy
the blessings of liberty and self government, to
aid auy party in designs like these.
Now, 6ir, permit me to address a few words
to the leaders of the Democratic organization
on this floor; and they know I speak to them
as men whose character and ability I esteem,
and whose personal friendship I value. You,
gentlemen, tell ns that you are in favor of true
self-government. Ifyon really are, look around
you and see how much yon can do to contrib-
ute to its success and security. In your party
are the men who threaten aud endanger it by
the most iniquitous attempts to deprive certain
classes of people of their political rights by
fraud, intimidation, and violence ; thus to sub-
vert the new order of things, throwing the
country into chaos again. Yonr voices are
potent with them; not ours. Ifyou really are
true friends to self-government, then let your
voices be heard in condemnation of the disas-
trous course so many of your friends are still
following. Let them be loudly heard in favor
of the great principle of equal Tights, the only
basis upon which the political future of this
Republic can develop itself.
You.. gentlemen, .tell ns that you are op-
posed to an undue assumption and exercise of
power on the part of the General Government.
If you are, see how powerfully you can aid in
preventing it by removing all those reasons and
causes and pretexts which may bring it on.
What are those reasons and causes? Do they
not consist in those disorders which are troub-
ling the people of the South as to the safety of
the Uniouists and the rights of the newly-en-
franchised, disorders invariably excited by men
who profess to belong to yonr party? And do
yon not know as well aa I that as soon as the
peopleofthe United States once apprehend that
a serious reaction, with only anapparentchance
of suocess, is set on foot against the great
results of the war, the tide of public sentiment
will just as surely and promptly set back is
favor of a more extended and vigorous exer-
tion of the national power, and you will' be
impotent to arrest it? For there are certain
things in regard to which the American people
will not permit themselves to be trifled with;
and foremost among those things stand the
great results which we have so laboriously
evolved out of the civil war now behind us.
There is the danger; and he who is no enemy
to self-government, he who is no friend to a
dangerous accumulation of power, will cer-
t&iuly use every endeavor to avert it. For our
part we would much rather reason down the
disturbers of the peace in the South than strike
them down; but to our voices they will not
listen; to yours they will. They are within
the reach of yonr persuasion. There is the
field where yoa can prove your devotion to
self-government and your dislike of centralized
power.
Yon tell us also, gentlemen, that legislation
like this is odious to you. Look around you
and see how much you can do to make it super-,
fluous. We, too, should be glad never to be
under the necessity of resorting to it. If . you
want to avoid it the means is simple. Prevail
upon your friends never to threaten or trouble
any class of voters in the free exercise of their
rights, have those rights secured and protected
by appropriate State legislation, and that State
legislation respected by your friends, and such
measures as this will never be practically ap-
plied. Nay, more than that, if you are really
in earnest, then I would advise yon to accept
this measure as a gage of good faith instead
of opposing it. It would be far better than
your attempts to throw doubt upon the legality
of the constitutional amendments, your stu-
dious efforts to hold out to your partisans the
prospect of their overthrow, and of the subver-
sion of all that has been accomplished for the
final settlement of our controversies and the
peace of the country.
Yes, make up your minds, gentlemen, to the
act that your oild doctrines are exploded for-
ever and cannot be revived. Give up your
useless and disturbingagitation against accom-
plished results. Go to your southern friends
and counsel them not to ruin themselves by
vainly resisting the inevitable. Thus you will
do raorefor the cause of self-government, more
to prevent a dangerous centralization of power,
you will render a far higher service to this
(generation and to posterity, than by indulging
in those lugubrious wails and lamentations to
which you have aocustomed us on the floor of
the Senate—the lamentation that we are gov-
erned by an atrocious despotism because one
man shall no longer have the right to deprive
another man of his rights; that self-govern-
ment has received its death-blow because
nobody shall henceforth be excluded from its
exercise, and that liberty has fled forever from
these shores because at last the Republic has
thrown her protecting shield over the rights
of all, even the lowliest of her children.
Mr. President, I do not stand here to plead
the cause of my party only. If I did so, if
there were nothing nearer and dearer to my
heart than partisan success and partisan power,
I should hold very different language. 1 would
then say to my Democratic friends, " By all
means go on with your opposition against the
results of the war; go on with your mischiev-
ous warfare against the new order of things;
go on with vain and disturbing agitation to
restore what has ceased to be and can never
again be' for if they do, they will only prove
that they are still living in a past which this
nation has long outgrown ; that they are still
bent upon sacriticing the interests of the living
generation to idols which are dead ; that they
are still bound to keep open the wounds of the
past, and to defeat those hopes of peace and
good understanding which the country so fondly
cherishes, and the realization of which depends
entirely upon a final settlement of the contro-
versies which the war has left to us. And
thus exhibiting their unwillingness to under-
stand aud appreciate the exigencies of the
present, they will demonstrate even to the
dullest mind their incapacity to control our
future; and then' the people of the United
States, sagacious and prudent as they are, will
appreciate the fact, and treat them accordingly.
Acting thns, our opponents will only condemn
themselves to continued impotency.
If, therefore, 1 pleaded for nothing but the
interest of my party I would encourage them
to persevere in their course. But I plead for
the cause of our country—for its peace, its pros-
perity, its happiness, and its good name ; and
I cannot permit myself to forget that the peo-
ple will not be secure in the enjoyment of those
blessings as long as there is a large and influ-
ential party insidiously striving to undermine
the ■ foundation upon which alone they can
grow, and to plunge the country again into
the contusion of endless and bitter struggles.
It is for this reason that • I entreat our Dem-1
ocratio friends to desist from their disturbing
and most mischievous agitation.
Some time ago my friend from New Jersey
closed hia speech on the admission of the Sen-
ator from. Mississippi, [Mr. Revels,] who. is
the first representative of the colored race on
this floor, with a most eloquent and touching
appeal in favor of peace, harmony, and good
understanding; so eloquent, indeed, as to oause
the usual decorum of the Senate to be broken
by demonstrations of applause. I take that
Senator at his word. Yes, let there be peace
and harmony and good understanding, and let
us all unite in doing the one thing needful to
I bring itabout. The Senator must instinctively
feel what that one thing needful is. He can-
i not conceal from his own e,yes that there is
but one settlement of our present controversy
1 possible; that only one can be final, perma-
nent, and conclusive ; and that is, the settle-
ment which we advocate. He must see that
the black man, being once admitted to the
polls, the decree cannot be reversed. Ho must
see that those broad hints, so frequently thrown
out by Democratic Senators in the course of
this verp debate, that the fifteenth amendment
is invalid, and may still at some future time be
overthrown, can only serve to encourage the
false hopes of the rebel element in the South,
can only serve to excite the worst impulses in
J an unthinking multitude in the North, and can
i result in nothing but mischief, the most wanton,
i the most cruel mischief.
If the honorable Senator from New Jersey
1 is really so ardent a friend of peace, harmony,
and fraternal feeling, let him go among his
associates and tell them, "Enough of this ; it
is better to be right by the light of to day than
to be consistent with the errors of yesterday.
If there lingers in your hearts a doubt as to the
legality of the ratification of these constitu-
tional amendments, in the name of all that is
good and great, waive that doubt; waive it for
the peace of the country; waive it for the sake
of those great interests which we are all called
upon to serve. Do not insist upon exciting
the evil passions which with so much trouble
we have at last succeeded in quieting; do not
tear open the wounds of the past again ; do not
torment the country with new struggles about
; those feaiful questions which have kept the
people so long in restless agitation, and are now
at last on the point of final settlement, if wo
only permit them to be settled."
In uniting his party upon such a platform,
the platform of such noble and conciliatory
sentiments, my friend from New Jersey, who
addressed me so eloquently yesterday, would
do an act worthy of himself; he would render
an inestimable service to our common country;
and he might then at last even stagger my con-
viction, a conviction I have been compelled to
entertain so far, that the blessings of liberty
and self-government which I came to enjoy in
i this couutry, would be very nnsafe if unfor-
1 tunately the party of which he is a member
should again obtain possession of the powers
of the national Government.
j But, sir, if the leaders of the Democratic
1 party will not listen to language like this, then
I think we shall be safe in taking an appeal to
'! the masses. The people of the United States
will see, if the Democratic leaders do not, that
of all the policies thought of for the settlement
of pending controversies that proposed by the
Republican party, the settlement of equal rights
and general self-government, is the only one
; which by any possibility can be final and con-
j elusive, for it is the only one in full accordance
i with the genius of renublican institutions. The
! people will see, if the Democratic leaders do
not, that th6 highest interests of the country
demand that settlement to be made promptly
and without cavil; for without it we shall not
|j obtain that peace which is necessary to enable
I us to devote our whole attention to those moral
j and material problems of the present and fu-
ll ture which so loudly call for solution. The
peoplewill, if the Democratic leaders do not,
i appreciate the greatness and beneficence of
the idea upon which the new order of things,
the Settlement we propose, rests:—true and
general self-government exercised in and
through the States', States whose power moves'
independently in its appropriate sphere; potent
in doing that which is right; impotent to abridge
the rights of even the meanest of their peo-
ple ; and the protecting shield of the national
authority thrown over all.
