1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
school system, to-morrow it may be her many
religious heresies. Those who are consenting
to this wild and untrammeled exercise must \
prepare to see the church shaken if notwrecked I
by the fury of the tempest that must ensue, j
The omnipotence of Congress has been so often
repeated here and acquiesced in throughout
the country that Radicals everywhere accept
it as one of the fundamental elements of their
faith. _ _ |
In my humble judgment, this and other sim-
ilar measures proves that there has been a
much greater revolution since the war for the
suppression of the rebellion than was at-
tempted by the rebellion. There has been as
much force, fraud, and outrage perpetrated in
bringing the States into the Union under your
reconstruction laws as there were in the at-
tempt to take them out, prior to the attack
on Sumter. The people from the beginning
were well assured of the blessings of the
Union. They never surrendered them of their
own free will. Violence and unholy combi-
nations done the dreadful work that love and
veneration forbade. And when the war was
ended they were only restrained from renewing
their devotion, by the arm of oppression, but
from an unexpected quarter, which continues
its blows with unabated vigor to this day, as is
demonstrated in the bill before us.
I must oppose this bill because it implies that
certain civil conditions may exist in a State by
the consent of the people which, being objec-
tionable to other States, will warrant Congress
iu robbing her of the majestic attitude of State- ,
hood and holding her as a conquered province:
the will of the individuals temporarily clothed
with congressional authority, rather than the
Constitution or the rights of men, being the
only rule of read mission; because, after what
has been done and is here proposed, I can see
nothing to keep the hand of this hideous mon-
ster, reconstruction, from striking the most
desperate and death-dealing blows at every
State. The fatal danger arises from the claim
that Congress is supreme and may judge of the
want of good government in a State, as well as
the remedy to insure a reformation. Because
Georgia is already a State and not a Terri-
tory, and a3 such State has a perfect right to
be heard on this floor without any condition
whatever. This right is paramount, absolute,
and cannot be abridged. Whenever you deny
this right or postpone the exercise of it against
the will of the people who claim a voice in
debate upon matters affecting their welfare
you inaugurate revolution, and open a door
to outrages which no man can shut. This
right of representation is one of the corner-
stones upon which the political fabric rests.
To deny this is impossible, without admitting
consequences worse than secession, and in the
final results far more fatal to American liberty.
Because it exhibits too much distrust of tne
southern people. There are certain elements
in the conduct of every man which tend direetly
to awaken confidence or hatred in the minds
of all sought to be influenced. I would rather
have the power, the incalculable strength, the
grand moral elevation which springs from gen-
erous trust than all the penalties the most
fertile brain of tyrants could devise. Because
these conditions are in violation of every pledge
or promise, of every law, order, or command
which has heretofore been made or issued,
and consequently unjustifiable. Therefore we
are in the wrong. L here maintain that we
had better be ourselves deceived than be guilty
of an actof peijury. Congress prescribed cer-
ain conditions to the people of Georgia,^ be
complied with by them prior to the admission
of her Representatives on this floor. More than
a year since Georgia fulfilled the stipulations on
her part. You so understood it. You admitted
her chosen Representatives to share with you
in your deliberations in this House. Having
complied with the conditions offered on your
part, they have, by every consideration of
bonest action, a complete and perfect right to
the full enjoyment of every covenant without
any new condition.
I maintain that when the conditions imposed
have been complied with by the party to whom
they have been extended, for the party offering
them then to refuse to comply on his part is !
characterized at all times as perfidious; and
for him in one breath to admit that everything
has been completely done and in another to de-
clare that there are still other fundamental con-
ditions required is at all times regarded not
only as evidence of bad faith, but of a species
of wickedness which is, the world over, most
severely condemned. For the honor and in-
tegrity of this House strike out this preamble
or these conditions. Do iiot let us be guilty of
such self-impeachment as must arise before us
upon consenting to this measure.
Again, I must oppose this bill, because I
cannot aid by my vote in the degradation or
enslavement of any of my fellow-countrymen.
If gentlemen will but look into their own souls
they will perceive- that such action as is now
proposed only panders to the weakness and
depravity of human nature without a single
redeeming feature. It has no tendency to ele-
vate the minds of those who are mistrusted by
you and to inspire them with noble resolution;
but it does most surely minister to that base
spirit of revenge and oppression which always
governs, impels, and inflames a dominating
faction brought to the surface by high-pressure
legislation and sustained there by the bayonet.
There is nothing in all this to awaken senti-
ments of hope, or love, or gratitude, without
which no conditions, however tyrannical, will
lead to peace, prosperity, or complete restora-
tion. And lastly, because it opens a door for
wild, adventurous, and ambitious men now or
hereafter to enter in and carry on the work of
destruction. I claim that with this to govern
as a precedent nothing remains in our Consti- ,
tution to direct or restrain the passions of ,
bad rulerp. Our Constitution will become an ;
instrument of death to all the States instead of
life. If the schools, the system of religion,
the administration of justice, the police regu-
lation, or municipal regulation or control in
aoy State happen not to harmonize with Radi-
cal notions, I repeat that the example for con-
gressional interference is hereby established.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it is not my pur-
pose in rising at this time to address the House
at any considerable length. I have been heard
sufficiently on the subject of Georgia. That [
unhappy Commonwealth has been so often [
brought to the bar of this House, and has been j
so often the object of harassing, and, in my i
judgment, most unjust and oppressive legis- !
lation on the part of Congress, that it seems
almost a waste of time any longer to talk about
it or discuss it with the hope of accomplishing
any results. But in this billj Mr. Speaker,
there are two propositions which are, even in
the history of Georgia, entirely original, and
certainly in their intrinsic character most ex-
traordinary ; and it is to them only that I desire
very briefly to be heard. First, then, I would
invite the attention of the gentlemen who may
be pleased to listen to me.to the first proviso
in section one of the bilL I will read it:
Firtt, That the constitution of Georgia shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprive any citiien
or class of citizens of the United States of the right
to vote, who are entitled to vote by the constitution
herein recognized, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they shall have been duly convicted under laws
equally applicable to all the inhabitants of said State.
That provision in this bill, Mr. Speaker, is
a pioneer in its nature and purpose ; it has no
example in the past history of the Government.
It has no precedent in the hitherto unparalleled
legislation of Congress on the general subject
of reconstruction. It is undoubtedly the pur-
pose of the gentleman who introduced this
bill to inject it somewhat covertly into our
legislation, under the pretended cover of the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution, and,
as it were, in pretended execution of the fif-
teenth amendment; but in that amendment
there is not one word that justifies this attempted
fundamental condition to the admission of the
State of Georgia. The fifteenth amendment
to the Constitution provides that—
" The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States
or by any State on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude."
There can be no doubt about its true mean-
ing and purpose. It admits of no equivocation
as to its intention, for the language of the fif-
teenth amendment is clear and definite, and no
two honest men can differ as to its meaning ;
yet here is a proposition professedly based
upon it which says that the Commonwealth of
Georgia shall never deny to any part of the
citizens of the United States the right to vote
who are to-day entitled to vote under the pro-
visions of the constitution of the State of Geor-
gia, which is hereby recognized. Every other
State in the Union to-day possesses the clear,
constitutional right to so modify the exercise
of the suffrage under its constitution and laws
as to limit its enjoyment by any conditions
which may commend themselves to the sound
judgment of the State itself, provided only
that they be not based upon any distinction
" of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude." If the State of New York, for exam-
ple, should desire in her fundamental law to
provide that no citizen of that State, or of the
United States, shall exercise the right of suf-
frage except on some prescribed property qual-
ification, or qualification of intelligence, the
State of New York has the clear, unquestion-
able power to make that change, provided
only it be not based on any distinction of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude. But
that right by this pretended fundamental con-
dition is to be forever withdrawn from the
Commonwealth of Georgia. This, therefore,
Mr. Speaker, is to be a pioneer or initial step
in this new departure in the infamous system
of congressional legislation. It is to be the
initial movement in a new career of aggressive,
unconstitutional, and unwarranted legislation,
and therefore I desire briefly now to enter my
earnest protest against it, and to call the atten-
tion of the House and the country to the novel
and extraordinary character of this proposition.
It is called a "fundamental" condition. It
ought to be called an attempt on the part of
the Committee on Reconstruction to impose a
fundamental outrage on free institutions, to
| ignore and repudiate the very genius of self-
! government in this country, by virtue of which,
j as we progress from year to year and from
! generation to generation, we may avail our-
| selves of the wisdom of the past and strike off
: from time to time the shackles or the imper-
fections of the present. And if in the long
future the wisdom of the people or the progress
of civilization in this country shall dictate a
change in our present system of universal suf-
frage it must not be said that the people of the
States of the Union shall not be free to act
accordingly, and thus to accept and profit by
teachings of the future. Yet it is so declared
in this extraordinary bill. This abominable
measure, therefore, proposes to go beyond the
provisions of the fifteenth amendment, to ex-
ceed them, and to impose conditions which
are alike in violation,of the constitution of
Georgia and the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. Speaker, I said there were two points to
which I desired very briefly to refer. The
second of these is the extraordinary result
covertly attempted to be accomplished by this
bill; not that the State of Georgia shall for the
second or third time be admitted lo represent-
ation in Congress, nor that the State of Georgia
shall now for the second or third time be re-
constructed, but this—and I desire that the
country shall understand it—that it is proposed
by the gentleman who introduced this bill, and
by the House if it shall pass it, by an act of
Congress to prolong or extend against the
