1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
Laics of the United States.
41st Cons....2d Sess.
aiul eighteen west, and running thence west
between said townships to the corner common
to townships twelve and thirteen north, ranges
twenty-sixand twenty-seven west; thence south
with said range line to the corner common of
townships nine and ten north; thence west on
the line between said townships to the western
boundary of the State, the lands lying north
of said division line, and within the limits
of the said Clarksville district, to be subject
to disposal at Harrison, Arkansas, and those
lands lying south of said division line within
said district to be subject to disposal at Dar-
danelle, Arkansas, to be known and designated
as the Harrison and Dardanelle land district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States is hereby author-
ized to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Sefiate of the United States, or
during the recess thereof, and until the end of
the next ensuing session, a register and re-
ceiver for each of said land districts, who shall !
be required to reside at the site of their respect- |
ive offices, who shall be subject to the same I
laws and responsibilities, and whose compeu-
sation and fees shall be respectively the same \
per annum as are now allowed by law to other j
land offices in said State. j
Appboved, July 14, 1870. j
Chap. CCLXVIII.—An Act to establish a
Port of Delivery at Kansas City. Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America
in Congress assembled, That the city ot Kan-
sas, in the State of Missouri, shall be, and is
hereby, constituted a port of delivery, annexed
to and made a part of the collection district of
New Orleans, and shall be subject to the same
regulations and restrictions as other ports of
delivery in the United States ; and all the priv-
ileges and facilities afforded by the act of Con-
gress of the second March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-one, entitled "An act allowingthe
duties on foreign merchandise imported into
Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville,
Saint Louis, Nashville, and Natchez to be
secured and paid at those places," shall be
extended to said port. A surveyor of customs
shall be appointed to reside at said port and
perform the duties prescribed by law, who
shall x-eceive the same compensation now pro-
vided or which may hereafter be provided by
is,w for surveyors of the same grade.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
hundred and sixty-five, viz: "And no writ of
execution shall on any account be executed
on the real estate of any person, if there be no
mortgage made by the husband and wife own-
ing the said property, and the mortgage must
have been executed with all the formalities
required by law," be, and the same is hereby,
disapproved and declared null and void: Pro-
vided, That there shall be exempt from levy
and forced sale under any process or order
from any court of law or equity in said Terri-
tory the lot or parcel of ground and the build-
ings thereon occupied as a residence and owned
by the debtor, being a householder and hav-
ing a family, to the value of one thousand
dollars. And if, in the opinion of the cred-
itors, the premises claimed by such debtor as
exempt are worth more than one thousand
dollars, then it shall be lawful for the officer
to advertise and sell the said premises and out
of the proceeds of such sale to pay to such execu-
tion debtor the said sum of one thousand dol-
lars, which shall be exempt from execution
for one year thereafter, and apply the balance
on said execution: And provided further,
That no sale shall be made unless a greater
sum than one thousand dollars shall be bid
for said premises.
Approved, July 1-1, 1870.
Ciiap. CQLXIX.—An Act to create a Port of ;
Delivery at Houston, Texas. ;
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep- |
resentatives of the Vnited States of America in j
Congress assembled, That Houston, in the State j
of Texas, shall be, and is hereby, constituted j
a port of delivery within the collection district j
01 Galveston, and there shall be appointed a
surveyor of customs, to reside at said port,
-who shall perform the duties and receive the
compensation and emoluments prescribed m
the act of Congress approved March two, eight-
een hundred and thirty-one, being "An act
allowing the duties on foreign merchandise
imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, _ Cincin-
nati, Louisville, Saint Louis, Nashville, and
Natchcz, to bo secured and paid at those
places."
Appkoveu, Juiy 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXX.—An Act to annul a portion
of a certain Statute of the Territory of New
Mexico, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
re -cntatkes of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following recited
portion of a statute of the Territory of New
Mexico, approved February second, eighteen
Chap. CCLXXI.—An Act to amend an Aet
entitled "An Act amendatory of the Organic
Law of Colorado Territory, and for other
purposes," approved May fourth, eighteen
hundred and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the first section of
an act entitled " An act amendatory of the or-
ganic law of Colorado Territory, and for other
purposes," approved May fourth, eighteen hun-
dred arid seventy, be, and the same is so far
amended, that writs of error shall be allowed
from any decision of a probate court to the
supreme court of said territory, in the same
manner they were allowed before the passage
of the act to which this is amendatory.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXII.—An Act to extend the Pro-
visions of the Preemption Laws to the ler-
ritory of Colorado, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the privileges ot the
act of May thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-tw*o, entitled "An act to reduce the ex-
penses of the survey and sale of the public
lands in the United States," be, and the same
are hereby, extended to Colorado; and the
proviso of the first section of the act approved
June second, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
entitled "An act to establish a land office in
the Territory of Colorado, and for other pur-
poses," is hereby repealed.
Sec. li. And 'be it further enacted, That
nothing in the actof Congressapproved March
twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
entitled "An act for the relief of settlers on
lands reserved for railroad purposes," shall be
construed to relieve such settlers from the
obligation to file the proper notices of their
claims, as in other cases, and all claimants of
preemption rights shall hereafter, when no
shorter period of time is now prescribed by
law, make the proper proof aud payment for
the lands claimed, within eighteen months after
the date prescribed for filing their declaratory
notices shall have expired: Provided, That
where said date shall have elapsed before the
passage of this act, said preemptors shall have
one year after the passage hereof in which to
!j make such proof and payment.
II Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCLXXIII.— An Act to establish cer-
tain Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be
established as post roads:
alabama.
From Scottsboro to Lebanon.
From Evergreen to Cokerville.
From Abbeville, via Martinsville and Srnith-
ville, to Columbia.
From Huntsville to Center Hill.
From Huntsville, via Meridianville, to Fay-
etteville.
From New Market to Elora.
From Larkin's Fork to Hunt's Station.
From Troy to Ozark.
From Tomlins to Vernon.
From Ozark, via Haw Ridge and Elba, to
Bullock.
From Garrison Point to Hanby's Mills.
ap.kaxsas.
From I)e Vall's Bluff to Pine Bluff.
From Batesville to Ash Flat.
From Marshall to Dover.
From Cotton Plant to Desarc.
From Brinkley to Augusta.
From Dardanelle to Waldron.
From Galena to Carrollton.
From Harrison to Forsyt'ne, Missouri.
From Monticello to Auburn.
From Little Kock to Austin, via Purdon's,
Bayou Metre, Yates Mill, and Bellamy's and
Saunders.
arizona.
From Walnut Grove to Wickenburg.
From Prescott to Williamson's Valley.
From Prescott, via Walnut Grove, to Wick-
enburg.
From Prescott to Woolsey Valley.
From Wickenburg to Vulture Mine.
From Woolsey Valley, Big Bag, and Maple
Shades, to Black Canon and Wickenburg.
california.
From Millville, via Oak Run, Round Mount-
ain, Cayton's Mill Bridge, and George Lake,
to Lake City.
From Yulcato Little Shasta.
From Calistoga to Kelsey.
From Tuolumne City to Millerton.
From San Rafael to Nicasio.
From Ukiah to Round Valley.
From Millville to Fort Bidwill.
From Santa Rosa to Sonoma.
From San Jos6 to Santa Clara.
From Happy Camp to Waldo, in Oregon.
From Sasanville to Rumberg.
From Tuolumne City, via Ward's Landing
and Applings, to Millerton.
From San Rafael, via Niciasis, to Petalnma.
FromOroville,viaTaylorville, Cresent Mills,
and Greenville, to Round Valley.
From San Diego, via San Bernardino, to
Salt Lake City, Utah.
From Vacaville, via Vaca, Pleasant Valley,
Seoggins, near the mouth of Puta canon, and
Back-Eye, to Woodland.
From !Napa City, via Sonomaj to k_-&ma
Rosa.
Ivrom Sneliing, via Hopeton, xUexandria,
Dover, Hill's Ferry, and Cottonwood, to San
Luis. .
From Camp JBidwcil, California, via (jroos©
Lake Valley, to Camp Warner, Oregon.
colorado.
From Canyon City to Colfax.
From Evans to Biackhawk Point.
From Canyon City to Greenhorn.
From Pine .Bluff to Golden City.
dakota.
From Algona to Yankton.
From Ijemars to Sioux Falls.
From ASgona, in Iowa, to ankton.
