1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2667
twelfth month, (December,) 1869, most respect-
fully ask that your honorable bodies will abol-
ish the law." I move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present the petition of
naturalized citizens of Philadelphia, natives of
Ireland, praying, for numerous reasons given
by them, that increased protection be given to
all industries which require it, and that in all
changes of the tariff the interests of domestic
industry shall be considered paramount to any
other consideration. I move that this petition
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT also presented a petition of
officers of seventeen national banks, and one
hundred and fifty citizens of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, praying an amendment of the act for
funding the public debt, now pending in the
House of Representatives, known as the Sher-
man bill; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Perry county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Newport
to Liverpool, by way of Acher's Store and
Montgomery's Ferry, in that county; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. FENTON presente.l the memorial of
Andrew Mason, formerly melter and refiner
in the assay office New York, asking that he be
compensated for discovering and introducing
two improvements in the process of parting
gold and silver, which have resulted in a saving
in the New York office alone, during the last
four years, of over one hundred and nineteen
thousand dollars, and showing that if adopted
in all Government institutions there would
bo an annual saving of $75,000; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
Thomas T. Scanlon, praying compensation for
certain cotton seized by B. F. Camp, agent
of the Treasury Department, at Fort Adams,
Mississippi, in 18G4, and afterward sold on
account of the Treasury Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON. I have received resolutions
of the Legislature of Massachusetts, relating to
the Cape Cod-ship canal, which I ask to have
read at length.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as folio ws:
Commonwealth op Massachusetts,
In the Yeah 1870.
Resolves concerning the Cape Cod-ship canal.
Resolved, That the proposed Cape Cod ship-canal,
being a, work of national importance, tlie General
Government, should, in our opinion, aid that enter-
prise by the construction of a breakwater at the
eastern end of the canal when completed, and give
in advance assurance of such aid, and that we rc-
epcctfully request Congress to make a sufficientgrant
for the purpose, payable in proportion as the work
progresses, or in such other way as may seem fit.
• Resolved, That the Governor be, and he is hereby,
requested to transmit to each of the Senators and
Representatives of this Commonwealth a copy of the
foregoing resolve.
House of Representatives,
March 30,1870.
Passed. HARVEY JEWELL, Speaker.
In Senate, April 1,1870.
Passed. II. H. COOLIDGE, President.
April 2, 1870.
Approved. WILLIAM CLAELIN.
The resolutions were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWELL. I present a preamble and
joint resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, in
relation to the Des Moines rapids, which I ask
to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Preamble and joint resolution, passed by the thir-
teenth General Assembly of the State of Iowa, in
relation to the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids of the Mississippi river.
Whereas the Federal Government has by appro-
priation provided for the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river by the construction
of a canal around the Des Moines rapids; and
whereas the work thereon has been for a time in
progress, and should be completed at an early day;
and whereas it is the wisest economy to provide for
such early completion, to the end that the expense
and risk of transportation over said rapids may be
saved to the people, and that the salaries of the offi-
cers and Government employ6s in cbargomay be also
saved; and whereas it is an absolute necessity that
a part of said work, to wit, the blasting Opposite
Montrose, should be immediately provided for, in
ordor that all of that part of said work inay be done in
one season, as otherwise it will boneeessary to incur
double expense by the erection of two coffer-dams,
instead of the one that will be required, if the work
is so provided for by the necessary appropriation;
and whereas the engineers in charge of the entire
work have presented to the War Department an esti-
mate of the appropriations needed for theso suid
purposes: Therefore,
Beit resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Iowa, That our Senators in Congress bo, and Ihcy
are hereby, instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to use their influence in procuring the
appropriations asked in said estimates.
Resolved, That the secretary of State bo instructed
to forward a copy of these resolutions to each of our
Senators and Representatives in Congress.
AYLETT IX. COTTON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
M. M. WALDEN.
President of the Senate.
Approved, April 5,18T0.
SAMUEL MERRILL, Governor-
I, Ed. Wright, Secretary of State of ihe State of
Iowa, hereby certify that the foregoing is a truo and
correct copy of the original, now on file in this office.
ED. WRIGHT,
Secretary of State of the State of Iowa.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of R. 13.
Williamson, praying compensation for prop-
erty taken and used by United States troops
in the years 1802, 1863, and 1804; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of members of
the bar at Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, praying a
division of that State into two judicial districts ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying a division of that State
into two judicial districts by a north and south
dividing line, thereby creating an eastern and
western district; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition signed
by clerks of the Department of State, in which
they set forth that inasmuch as the salaries of
clerks have not been increased since the begin-
ning of the war of the rebellion, and as they
have been subjected to onerous burdens through
the increased expenses of living, and are more-
over contributing largely to the internal rev-
enues by the tax imposed on most of the arti-
cles ofdaily use and consumption, they therefore
respectfully petition that they may be relieved
from the tax now imposed on their salaries.
As this question may be again before the Com-
mittee on Finance, I move that this petition
be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the memorial
of Cyrus W. Field, of New York, in which he
sets forth that having been connected with the
suceess&l establishment of interoceanic tele-
graphic communication across the Atlantic,
between America and Europe, he now desires
to undertake the accomplishment of a similar
enterprise across the Pacific, between America
and Asia; and to that end he asks an act of
incorporation, witli a capital of $10,000,000 in
gold, the entire amount to be subscribed and
paid within one year from the organization
under the act of incorporation; that the com-
pany shall have power to construct an oceanic
cable between California and Japan and China,
either direct or by way of the Hawaiian Islands,
or some other island or islands in the Pacific
ocean; and he further asks that on the com-
pletion of the cable, within five years from its
organization, under the act of incorporation,
and not otherwise, the company shall re-
ceive   acres of the public lands of the
United States in full property, with the right
to select the lands by the location of scrip, to
be issued under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior after the whole amount of the
capital shall have been paid. I move the refer-
ence of this memorial to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERItED.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that an order be
entered directing that the letter of the Secretary
of the Interior, making an estimate of appro-
priations for the payment of B. B. Mitchell, for
services iu connection with the Indian Bureau,
be taken from the files and referred to tho
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. GOO) to provide for the disposition of fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postponement;
which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 869) to author-
ize the issuing ofa'certilieateof registry or enroll-
ment to the schooners Zenos Snow and Patriot,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
012) granting a pension to Nimrod P. Ginger,
have instructed me to report adversely thereon.
The committee do not find any evidence of
enrollment or continuing disability. I move
the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tho same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Phineas G.
Pearson, praying for arrears of pension, have
instructed me to ask that the committee be
discharged from its further consideration. We
think that Mr. Pearson has already had quite
all that the evidence will justify the Commis-
sioner of Pensions in giving him.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, tc
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 611) grant-
ing a pension to Martha A. Pruett, havt,
directed me to report adversely. It appears
in this case that the evidence entirely fails to
come up to the requirements of the law, and
also to satisfy us that the claim is well founded.
The evidence is very conflicting.
Tho bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 484) for
the relief of Helen M. Stansbury, widow
of Major Howard Stansbury, deceased, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. Itappears
to the committee in this case that the widow
is plainly entitled to the pension of a majoi
instead of the pension of a captain.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee ou
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 038) amendatory of an act granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Central Pacific Rail-
road, in California, to Portland, in Oregon,
approved July 25, 1866, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Hinton Rowan Helper, praying to be
allowed additional compensation for his ser-
vices as United States consul at Buenos Ayres,
reported a bill (S. No. 789) to authorize the
proper accounting officers of theTreasury to
settle and close the accounts of Hinton Rowan
Helper ; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Ross
Wilkins, praying compensation for services
rendered in adjusting titles to land in Michi-
