1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4555
though Mr. Cave Johnson was an intelligent and
in some respects an able Postmaster General,
he lived more than twenty years ago, which in
our country was almost before the flood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And, then, ho did not
belong to our party.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not say that. He was
an intelligent Postmaster; but I do not think
that his judgment on a question like that now
before the Senate can be cited as a great author-
ity now.
This same section provides also—here is
something that is not in the existing law—
That the Postmaster General may—
It does not say he shall—
under fixed regulations, permit publishers of news-
papers and periodicals to prepay the postage of each
entire issue of the paper or periodical at the office
of mailing, at the rate of one cent for each four
ounces, gross weight, payment to be made by placing
stamps upon the bill or receipt, and canceling the
same by the postmaster collecting the same, and
each parcel or package so paid shall be stamped
"prepa-id," with the post office mark of the office
of mailing, or in such manner as the Postmaster
General may prescribe.
This is to give new facilities for the circu-
lation of newspapers so far as they can be
matured by the Postmaster General. It is not
a positive requirement, but it refers the ques-
tion to his discretion, and if he finds it consist-
ent with the service he will put it in operation.
At the end of this section I have a provision
which I know many Senators arc well disposed
to, as follows:
But the publishers of weekly newspapers may send
to each actual subscriber within the county where
their papers are printed and published one copy
thereof tree of postage.
This is in the existing law.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that already
adopted on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is. Then comes section
three, which provides—
That books and book packages shall be charged
at the rate of three cents for each four ounces or
fraction thereof: Provided, That the same shall not
exceed twelve pounds in weight.
I may say that after a conference with various
parties interested in postal matters, I have beea
left in some uncertainty with regard to this
proposition. It is new. It cheapens in the
first place the rate of postage on books and
book packages; and in the second place it
allows their transportation by the post office
beyond what is allowed now, which, under the
existing statute, is only of a few ounces. In
the amendment now before the Senate the
allowance is of twelve pounds in weight. This
was selected as the weight of Webster's Dic-
tionary, which was taken as a standard. But
on this section I have to say that while to my
mind it has great advantages and gives peculiar
facilities to the circulation of books, its tend-
ency would be to burden the mails with matter
that would not pay in proportion to the rate on
letters. It is a question for the Senate whether
the advantage to be gained from the circulation
of books through the mails—I do not mean our
congressional documents—will compensate for
the additional burden to the mails.
Then comes the next section, providing
for the abolition of the franking privilege, as
follows:
That the franking system is hereby abolished, but
there shall be furnished in lieu thereof stamps and
stamped envelopes prepared and issued by the lost
Ofhce Department, which shall be charged against
the several Departments, and used by those only
entitled to frank, the same to be designated on their
face as 'State Department," "Treasury Depart-
ment," " War Department," &e., " Senate,' House
of Representatives," .fee.: Provided,^hat the maxi-
mum weight of franked or free mailed matter tor-
warded under such stamps shall not exceed lour
ounces, except public documents, publications or-
dered by Congress, packages of cuttings, seeas, ana
roots, which shall be fixed by the Postmaster Gen-
eral: A ad provided Jurther, That the Post Ofiice
Department shall provide for the registered-letter,
money-order, and other post-office business, envel-
opes with proper printed superscriptions, which snail
bo used by the Depai imcnt for its business.
The effect of this section would be, in the
first place, to abolish what I call the franking
system. Again mark, if you please, I do not
say the franking privilege. So far as I am
concerned I reject the term. To me it is no
privilege, nor do I believe any Senator who
now hears me will say that to him it is a priv-
ilege. So far as it is a privilege it ought to be
rejected; it should bo dismissed at once. I
speak of it, however, as a system which has
done much service, and which, if we are dis-
posed to part with it, must find a substitute,
and I am trying to present such a substitute.
I say, therefore, this section provides, in the
first place, for the abolition of the franking
system. Then, in the second place, it provides
for a supply of stamps to be furnished to those
who now exercise the franking power, the effect
of which will be to transfer to the Treasury the
cost of those letters which now go free and are
a burden upon the Post Office Department.
The national Treasury will assume the burden,
and not the Post Office. The burden will be
taken from the letters and placed upon the
nation, where I insist it belongs.
Under the existing system the correspond-
ence pays for all the rest of the service; pays
for the free matter, pays substantially for the
newspapers. Now, the section under consid-
eration should it go into operation, would take
from the letter a portion of the burden it is
obliged to bear. It would transfer that bur-
den to the national Treasury, where I insist it
belongs. Now, whether this proposition be
sufficiently matured will be for the Senate to
determine ; but I do submit that it is in itself
a system ; that it provides a substitute; and I
am sure with a little care it can be made sat-
isfactory, and, if I may so express myself, a
working machine.
Then come three other sections, sections
five, six, and seven, all of which proceed on
one fundamental principle, not only that all
postage shall be prepaid by stamps at the time
of mailing, but that where there is any failure—
and I ask the attention of the Senate to this
proposition—where there is any failure at the
time of mailing to prepay, or where, on any
other ground, the person to whom the letter is
addressed has occasion to make a payment at
the post office, he shall make it in stamps.
Will you consider for one moment the advan-
tage of this proposition ? As it is now, the
payment is made not in stamps, but in money,
the result of which is that the postmaster is
obliged to keep, it may be, numerous accounts,
and his clerks and agents have opportunity for
peculation. My object is to give simplicity to
the administration of the post office and take
away the opportunity for peculation. I go so
far as to provide—■
That all box rents, all collections of postage insuf-
ficiently paid, all foes, for registered letters, adver-
tised letters, newspaper postage, ship letters, and all
collections in the ordinary business of the post office,
shall be made and paid by postage stamps, which
shall be placed upon tho mail matter delivered, or
upon the proper receipt, bill, or voucher, and can-
celed by the postmaster receiving such payment.
If this provision were adopted, then the
vender of stamps would be the uuiversal col-
lector for the post office. The postmaster
would collect nothing. He would do nothing
but distribute the letters or other mail matter
that came to his hands. Now, I ask you,
would not that simplify the postal service?
Would it not make it moi.i economical, and
would it not supersede all chance of fraud in
agents and clerks? So it seems to me, and so
I am informed would be the case by those in
whom I have confidence, who, from their posi-
tion, are intimate with the working of the
postal service. My frieud near me [Mr. Howe]
asks me where they are to get the stamps.
They are to get them precisely where they get
them now; that is, of the venders of stamps
or the postmasters. In all large towns, as the
Senator i3 aware, there are venders of stamps
with offices near the post office. It is so in Bos-
ton and in New York.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is the Senator speaking of
the money-order system?
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir, I am not; I am
speaking of the stamps.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the Sen-
ator are not.all postmasters venders of postage
stamps?
Mr. SUMNER. I think that they are; but
the Senator is aware, as I have already said,
that in large towns the service is also commit-
ted to others—if I may call them so, outsiders.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are they not sold by the
Government to them ?
Mr. SUMNER. -They are ; and they find an
office or bureau very near the post office.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator, but if he will allow me, the
point of my inquiry was this: I understand this
measure to be held up by him as an expedient
of value in counteracting frauds and pecula-
tions. I beg to inquire of the Senator if the
postmasters are to remain, as they now are,
venders of stamps the country over, how this
proposition in any degree is even an impedi-
ment in the way of embezzlement by clerks?
They hand the stamps to their customers, they
receive the money for them. They do, or they
do not, account for the money, depending on
their own integrity. The requirement is that
they shall account for the stamps and cancel
them. But suppose they do not; suppose they
reissue them; suppose they sell them and re-
ceive the money, and pilfer the money or fail
to account for it? So, I ask the Senator, whether
in truth, without going further, this measure is
not about as open as the law seems to be now
for such things ?
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, does he understand
that there is any payment of postage other
than by stamps?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has not done
me the honor to listen to me. I have gone
into the matter with a certain degree of mi-
nuteness, and I would refer my friend to the
amendment now before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. On what page?
Mr. SUMNER. Sections five, six, and
seven.
Mr. RAMSEY. Section five is that "post-
age on all matter shall be prepaid by stamps."
Mr, SUMNER. Of course it is; but sup-
pose it is not prepaid, what then ? I provide
that it shall be followed to its destination,
charged with double the prepaid rates, to be
collected on delivery, and such postage shall
be collected by placing stamps on the letter or
other matter delivered, and canceling the
stamp by the postmaster at the office of deliv-
ery. The Senator does not like the provision.
Others who are intimate with the postal ser-
vice do like it, and think it would simplify very
much the operations of the office.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Senator affirm
that whether prepayment is made or not in
advance the package is sent off anyhow ?
Mr. SUMNER. No, I am affirming nothing
with regard to the present practice; I am dis-
cussing my own bill. If the Senator will also
be good enough to look at section seven he
will see, although I have already explained it,
that it provides that all box rents shall be paid
for by the postage-stamps.
It is suggested by the Senator from New
York that this system would be open to the
same objection of fraud and peculation as
the other system. I understand the contrary.
I am so informed by those familiar with the
working of the post office. I have no such
familiarity as would make me an expert. I
cannot speak, therefore, with authority upon
it. The whole question is open to the judg-
ment of the Senate. To my mind it is very
clear, that even if it did not accomplish all
that I imagine as a safeguard, it would do much
to simplify the accounts of the post office ; in
other words, the post office would have no ac-
counts, and would receive everything in stamps.
In the circumstance that there would be no
accounts I find a sufficient recommendation.
Such, Mr. President, is the amendmentnow
