X
1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3611
The transcendent greatness of this consum-
mation the American people will appreciate,
and I trust they will take good care not to put
the national power into the hands of any men
or of any organization of men who still speak i
of overthrowing the great constitutional amend-
ments, the price of so much blood and anxiety
and struggle, the only safe foundation for the j
future peace and glory of this Republic.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, the question ;
involved in the proposition now before the :
Senate is one in which my section of the Union
is particularly interested ; although since the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment, which
we are now about to enforce by appropriate ;
legislation, other sections of the country have
become more or less interested in the same
question. It is entering upon a new phase of
reconstruction; that is, to enforce by appro- j
priate legislation those great principles upon :
which the reconstruction policy of Congress ;
was based.
I said upon a former occasion on this floor
that the reconstruction policy of Congress had
been progressive, and that it was necessary
that it should be progressive still. The mere j
act of establishing governments in the recently {i
insurgent States was one thing; the great prin- j;
ciples upon which Congress proposed to pro- j
ceed in establishing those governments was ij
quite another thing, involving principles which
lie at the very foundation of all that has been
done, and which are intimately connected with
all the results that must follow from that and
from the legislation of Congress connected with
the whole subject.
Mr. President, the first thing that was done
was the passage of the thirteenth amendment,
by which slavery in the United States was S
abolished. By that four millions of people
were taken out from under the protecting hand ,
of interested masters and turned loose to take 1
care of themselves. They were turned loose |
and put upon their own resources in communi-
ties which were imbued with prejudices against
them as a race, communities which for the
most part had for years past—indeed from the
very time when those who are now in exist-
ence were born—been taught and had instilled
into them a prejudice against the equality which
has been attempted to be established for the j
colored citizens of the United States. _ j
Mr. President, the condition which that thir- j
teenth amendment imposed on the late insur- 1
rectionary States was one which demanded the
serious consideration and attention of this Gov-
ernment. The equality which by the thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments has been
attempted to be secured for the colored men,
has not only subjected them to the operation
of the prejudices which had theretofore existed,
but it has raised against them still stronger
prejudices and stronger feelings in order to
fight down the equality by which it is claimed
they are to control the legislation of that sec-
tion of the country. They were turned loose
among those people, weak, ignorant, and poor.
Those among the white citizens there who have
sought to maintain the rights which you have
thrown upon that class of people, have to en-
dure every species of proscription, of opposi-
tion, and of vituperation in order to carry out
the policy of Congress, in order to lift up and
to uphold the rights which you have conferred
upon that class. It is for that reason not only
necessary for the freedmen, but it is necessary
for the white people of that section that there
should "be stringent and effective legislation on
the part of Congress in regard to these meas-
ures of reconstruction.
We have heard on former occasions on the
floor of the Senate that there were organiza-
tions which committed outrages, which went
through communities for the purposes, of in-
timidating and coercing classes of citizens in
the exercise of their rights. We have been
told here that perhaps it might be well that
retaliation should be resorted to on the part
of those who are oppressed. Sir, the time
will come when retaliation will be resorted to
unless the Government of the United States
interposes to command and to maintain the
peace ; when there will be retaliation and civil
war; when there will be bloodshed and tumult
in various communities and sections. It is
not only necessary for the freedmen, but it is
important to the white people of the southern
section, that by plain and stringent laws the
United States should interpose and preserve
the peace and quiet of the community.
The fifteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States provides that the right of
citizens ofthe United States to vote shall not be
denied or abridged by the United States, or by
any State on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude. It speaks of " the right
of citizens to vote." It has been said that
voting is a privilege; but this amendment recog-
nizes it as a right in the citizen; and this right
is not to ''be denied or abridged by the Uni-
ted States, or by any State." What are we to
understand by that? Can individuals abridge
it with impunity? Is there no power in this
Government to prevent individuals or associa-
tions of individuals from abridging or contra-
vening that provision of the Constitution? If
that be so, legislation i3 unnecessary. If our
legislation is to apply only to the States, it is
perfectly clear that it is totally unnecessary,
inasmuch as we cannot pass a criminal law as
applicable to a State ; nor can we indictaState
officer as an officer. It must apply t.o individuals.
A State might attempt to contravene that
provision of the Constitution by passing some
positive enactment by which it would be con-
travened, but the Supreme Court would hold
such enactment to be unconstitutional, and in
that way the State would be restrained. But
the word "deny" is used. There are various
ways in which a State may prevent the full
operation of this constitutional amendment.
It cannot—because the courts would prevent
it—by positive legislation, but by acts of omis-
sion it may practically deny the right. The
legislation of Congress must be to supply acts
of omission on the part of the States. If a
State shall not enforce its laws by which private
individuals shall be prevented by force from
contravening the rights of the citizen under
the amendment, it is in my judgment the duty
of the United States Government to supply
that omission, and by its own laws and by its
own courts to go into the States for the pur-
pose of giving the amendment vitality there.
The word " deny." is used not only in this
fifteenth amendment, but I perceive in the
fourteenth amendment it is also used. When
the fourteenth amendment was passed there
was in existence what is known as the civil
rights bill, a part of which has been copied
in the Senate bill now pending. The civil
rights bill recognized all persons born or natur-
alized in the United States as citizens, and
provided that they should have certain rights
which were enumerated. They are, "to make
and enforce contracts, to sue, be made parties,
give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell,
hold and convey real and personal property,"
and to "the full and equal benefit of all laws
and proceedings for the security of person and
property."
The civil rights bill was to be enforced by
making it criminal for e.ny officer, under color
of any State law, " to subject, or cause to be
subjected, any citizen to the deprivation of any
of the rights secured and protected" by the act.
If an officer of any State were indicted for sub-
jecting a citizen to the deprivation of any of
those rights he was not to be indicted as an
officer j it was as an individual. And so, under
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution,
" no State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law, nor deny
to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws." There the word
"deny" is used again ; it is used in contradis-
tinction to the first clause, which says, "No
State shall make or enforce any law" which
shall do so and so. That would be a positive
act which would contravene the right of a citi-
zen ; but to say that it shall not deny to any
person the equal protection of the law it seems
to me opens up a different branch of the sub-
ject. It shall not deny by acts of omission,
by a failure to prevent its own citizens from
depriving by force auy of their fellow-citizens
of these rights. It is only when a State omits
to carry into effect the provisions of the civil
rights act, and to secure the citizens in their
rights, that the provisions of the fifth section of
the fourteenth amendment would be called into
operation, which is, " that Congress shall en-
force by appropriate legislation the provisions
of this article."
There is no legislation that could reach a
State to prevent its passing a law. 11 can only
reach the individual citizens of the State in the
enforcement of law. You have, therefore, in
any appropriate legislation, to act on the cit-
izen, not on the State. If you pass an act by
which you make it an indictable offense for an
officer to execute any law of a State by which
he trespasses upon any of these rights of the
citizen it operates upon him as a citizen, and
not as an officer. Why can you not just as well
extend it to any other citizen of the country?
It is, in my judgment, incumbent upon Con-
gress to pass the most stringent legislation on
this subject. I believe that we have a perfect
right under the Constitution of the United
States, not only under these three amendments,
but under the general scope and features and
spirit of the Constitution itself, to go into any
of these States for th9 purpose of protecting
and securing liberty. 1 admit that when you
go there for the purpose of restraining liberty,
you can go only under delegated powers in
express terms; but. to go into the States for
the purpose of securing and protecting the
liberty of the citizen and the rights and im-
munities of American citizenship is in accord-
ance with the spirit and whole object of the
formation of the Union and the national Gov-
ernment.
There are, Mr. President, various ways in
which the right secured by the fifteenth amend-
ment may be abridged by citizens in a State.
If a State should undertake by positive enact-
ment, as I have said, to abridge the right of
suffrage, the courts of the country would pre-
vent it; and I find that in section two of the
bill which has been proposed as a substitute
by the Judiciary Committee of the Senate pro-
vision is made for cases where officers charged
with registration or officers charged with the
assessment of taxes and with making the proper
entries in connection therewith, shall refuse the
right to register or to pay taxes to a citizen. I
believe the language of the Senate bill is suf-
ficiently large and comprehensive to embrace
any otherclassof officers that might be charged
with any act that was necessary to enable a
citizen to perform any prerequisite to voting.
But, sir, individuals may prevent the exercise
of the right of suffrage ; individuals may pre-
vent the enjoyment of other rights which are
conferred upon the citizen by the fourteenth
amendment, as well as trespass upon the right
conferred by the fifteenth. Not only citizens,
but organizations of citizens, conspiracies, may
be and are, as we are told, in some of the States
formed for that purpose. I see in the fourth
section of the Senate bill a provisiou for cases
where citizens by threats, intimidation, bribery,
or otherwise prevent, delay, or hinder the
exercise of this right; but there is nothing here
that strikes at organizations of individuals, at
conspiracies for that purpose. I believe that
any bill will be defective which does not make
it a highly penal offense for men to conspire
together, to organize themselves into bodies,
for the express purpose of contravening the
right conferred by the fifteeenth amendment.
But, sir, there is agreat, important omission
