THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
.Mr. EENTON. I have in my hand a peti-
tion, signed by several hundred citizens of
Albany, in the State of New York, asking that
an appropriation be made for the construction
in that city of a Government building for the
accommodation c>f the post office and United
States courts, and; other Federal offices_ there.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Post Offices, and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from New York-that a similar petition was
yesterday presented-by his colleague, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FENTON. Very well; let this take
the same course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This petition
will be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations ; but the Chair will state that peti-
tions in regard to a post office building in North
Carolina were referred this morning to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads. _
Mr. RAMSEY. The rule has not been uni-
form in the Senate heretofore. Sometimes
such petitions have been referred to one com-
mittee and sometimes to another. They gen-
erally ask for a building of a*mixed character,
for judicial and for postal and custom-house
purposes. Sometimes they have gone to the
Committee on Commerce, sometimes to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and sometimes to the Committee on Appropri-
ations ; and to the latter committee a petition
of this very character was referred.yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ This petition
will be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
Alexander M. Cummings, of New Jersey, pray-
ing an appropriation of $700 09 for the trans-
portation of the United States mail in post
coaches on route No. 951, from New York to
Philadelphia, from December 7, 1830, to Jan-
uary 1, 1837, and also for his expenses in
furnishing extra teams, removing snow, and
opening roads which were rendered impassable
by the great snow storm of January, 183G;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Charles D.
Schmidt, praying for a modification of the law
relative to stamps on boxes of cigars; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
_ Mr. SCOTT presented seven petitions of
citizens of Scranton, Pennsylvania; a petition
of citizens of Erie, Pennsylvania; and apetition
of citizens of Shurleysburg, Huntington county,
Pennsylvania, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a. petition of the officers
and members of the Medical Society of Venango
county, Pennsylvania, and a petition of the
president and secretary of the Medical Society
ol the District of Columbia, setting forth the I
wrongs to which medical officers in the Navy |
are subject, and praying for the passage of a !
law which shall secure to them such rank, j
material privileges, immunities, and accom-
modations, as well as such definite protection J
to their authority as may bo deemed proper and '
needful in the premises ; which were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Magnolia, Iowa, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
^r''presented a petition of citi-
zens of Fort Calhoun, Washington county, Ne-
hraska, praying the abolition of the frankin"
privilege; which was referred to the Commi?
tee oa Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petitions of
.Edmund Marshall, William C. Thornton, and
G. D. Hanby, of Carroll county, Virginia,
praying to be relieved from their political dis-
abilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of John P. Mathews, of Fairfield county, South
Carolina, and Thomas Wood and R. T. W.
Duke, of Albemarle county, -Virginia, praying
to be relieved from their political disabilities ;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying the abolition of die
franking privilege; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petitions of
William P. A. Campbell and James J. Turner,
of Tennessee, prayingto be relieved from their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Air. HAMILTON presented the petition of
George Sibbald, of Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, praying an appropriation to experiment-
ally verify the combined steam calorie and
superheated air engine invented by him;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. CONKLING. The petition of Moses
Van Name, of Jersey City, and of Joshua Van
Tassel, of Tarrytown, and others, was presented
in the summer of 1868 in the last Congress and
referred to the Committee on Claims. I am
requested to move that the papers be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate and re-
ferred again to the same committee. I make
that moticTn.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petitions of Frank C. Barling,
Jerome J. Getty, and Matthew Wright, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. McCREERY, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. McCormick have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers from the flies of the
Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 141) to provide a remedy for the loss
or destruction of judgment records or decrees
appertainingto proceedingsin the United States
courts, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) declaratory
and amendatory of the act entitled "An act to
provide for an American line of mail and emi-
grant passenger steamships between New York
and one or more European ports," passed
July 27, 18G8, reported it with amendments.
Mr. VlCKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 78) relative to the estab-
lishment of a light-station on the Choptank
river, in Maryland, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was leferred the petition of
Christian Sharp, of Philadelphia, praying lor
a reextension of his patent for Sharp's breech-
loading rifle, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the bill (S. No. 248) relating to
copies of drawings in the Patent Office, and
for other purposes; and the bill (S. No. 118)
to amend an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1870," reported in
favor of their indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 336)
for the relief of Alinzor Clark, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
to recommend its passage; and if there be no
objection, as it will take but a moment, I
should like to have it put on its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ls there objection
to its present consideration?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I prefer to have the
morning business concluded unless there is
some very great necessity for immediate action.
Mr. WILLEY. The only necessity is that
whenever we introduce these private bills wo
have to get them through in the morning hour,
and I thought if there was no pressing urgency
of other business this would take but a moment,
being merely formal, for the purpose of putting
it on its passage. If there is any desire to look
into the bill, of course I do not urge its present
consideration.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Is there objec-
tion to its present consideration ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go upon
the Calendar.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object until the morn-
ing business is completed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 383) to renew and continue in force the
charter of the Potomac Insurance Company
of Georgetown, District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 384) to amend an act regulating the time
of holding the courts of the United States for
the district of Kentucky, approved May 10,
1862; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary,'and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 385)
to prevent the collection of taxes on property
exempt from taxation ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 386) prescribing the rules of evidence in
certain cases; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S. No. 387)
to change the judicial circuits; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 388) to aid the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from Marshall, Texas, to
San Diego, California, with branches and con-
nections; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 389)
making a grant of lands to the North Louisiana
and Texas Railroad Company to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the Texas line
west of Greenwood, via Greenwood, Shreve-
port, and Monroe, to a point on the Mississippi
river near Vicksburg; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 390) to change the place of holding the
courts of the United States for the northern
district of Mississippi; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 391) to remove the political disabilities of
persons therein named in the State of Texas ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. 0S130RN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (>S.
No. 392) fixing the status of certain Federal
