1870.
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4557
Mr. SUMNER. Somebody says, "that.is it."
Mr. I?OW.LEIt. I said it; and I will explain
it, with the Senator's permission. The point
is not exactly that you take it from him who.
gets the matter and reads it and put it on him
who doos not get it. The tax on letters and
on all matter that goes through the mails is a
tax on the people; and we take it off of them
ia this form, but put it, on them in another
form; we take it out of the Treasury. That
is what I mean. We take it out of the Treas-
ury and do not put it on the mail matter. That
is the point to which I referred.
Mr. SUMNER- The point on which I dwell
is this, that the letter ought to pay only for
itself. The letter-writer should pay only for
his own correspondence. He should not pay
for free matter or for the newspapers. Now,
bv the existing systems, our newspapers go
almost free. In this bill these are distributed
in their county absolutely free ; outside .of the
coumy with a rate of postage so small as to be
next to free. I presume the Senator from
Wisconsin would not care to raise the rates of
postage on newspapers, The object in reduc-
ing the rate on newspapers originally was to
make their circulation easy, so that every man
could receive his newspaper almost free. I
humbly submit that that was a wise purpose,
and it has exercised a good influence. But
who should pay for that service? Should it
be the writer of the letter? I think my friend
from Wisconsin will agree with me clearly that
it should not be the writer of the letter. Who,
then, should pay for it? I say the country that
is in a general sense benefited by the circu-
lation of newspapers should pay for it. It
should come upon the national Treasury.
Then, again, there is another point which I
discussed at length on the former occasion. It
is the extent to which the postal service is taxed
for the benefit of outlying regions where the
expense of the route is great and the return
next to nothing. Now, would you believe it,
sir, all this is charged upon the letters of^tlie
country? For instance, the Postmaster Cron-
eral gave me too instances: one of a long Hue,
I think it was to New Mexico, seven hunured
and odd miles long, kept up at an annual cost
of, say, $130,000, and yielding all along thehne
but a little over three thousand dollars. Now,
I do not suggest that this line should be dis-
continued. I rejoice that it is there, because
it is a contribution to civilization ; and inwlt0.se
benefit is that line continued? 1 submit it is
to the benefit of the country and of the national
Government, which is the great untaxed pro-
prietor throughout the region where the Hue
runs. The nation, therefore, ought to pa}' lor
it, and not the distant letter-writer of Wiscon-
sin or of Massachusetts.
The Senator from Minnesota this morning
undertook to establish a difference between
England and the United States with regard to
distance, and he introduced a principle which
long ago was discarded, he will allow me to
say, by all persons who devoted themselves to
the study of postal questions. Distance has
nothing to do with the rate of postage on let-
ters. That was the first conquest of Rowland
Hill. He first laid down that principle m las
great pamphlet in 1887, and then declared it at
length in his testimony before the parliaments^7
committee; and experience since has^ shown
the truth of his proposition. He lays it down
as follows:
" It is not matter of inference hut a matter of fact,
that the expense of the post oflioo is pracucany tno
same, whether a letter is goiny Irom London to !><-r
net, (eleven miles,) or from Lonaon to Iylinbui,n,
(three hundred and ninety-seven miles:) the diiter-
eneeis not expressible in the smallest com we nave.
And, indeed, he went on to say that the
actual cost of the transportation of a letter
from London to Edinburgh, which is nearly
four hundred miles, was only the one thirty-
sixth part of a penny. The same rule is ami i-
cable precisely in ourcountry, except on those
outlying lines which I have already shown
ought to be charged upon the national Treas-
ury, and not upon the postal service. It does
not cost any more to send a letter from Wash-
ington to Chicago than from Washington to
Baltimore.
Mr. 1IO WELL. The Senate is trying to get
at the facts of this case and come to some
practical conclusion ; and I would at this point
ask the Senator from Massachusetts how we
in the West, with our sparse population and
our small representation in comparison with
the middle and eastern States, are to get along
under the system which he proposes when
appropriations are to be madeoutof the Treas-
ury of the United States for the postal service,
when we ask for an increase of the routes of
transportation of the mails and for keeping up
these routes, for keeping up the frequency of
the mails?
We have a great deal of trouble now and
great difficulty in getting ordinary reasonable
mail service in the West. We are deprived of
it greatly more than I think we ought to be ;
but if you reduce the postage and reduce the
income of the Post pfiico Department, and
throw it upon-thy Treasury, how are we to
induce the thickly-settled poitions of the coun-
try to take out of the Treasury the means
which shall give us in the sparsely-populated
regions of the West the mail service which we
need and cannot well getalong without? And
while I speak of the West, the South is in still
greater need, and will have still greater difficul ty
in obtaining the regular means and mail facil-
ities which they need and which they desire,
and which we now can eke out to some extent,
but which we cannot get at all in any reason-
able decree if we have to depend upon the
middle and eastern States to take money out
of the Treasury to supply to us.
Mr. SUMNER. Why could v/e not get it?
Will the Senator be good enough to say? Jt
passes my comprehension.
Mr. HOWELL. 1 think we could not get it
because there would be a disinclination on the
part of those who were already we'll supplied
in the thickly populated region of the country
with mail facilities, to go to the Treasury of
the United States and take out of the Treasury
for the means to supply the sparsely populated
regions of the country with mail facilities that
did not pay expenses; for the argument of the
Senator is all'the time upon the payment of
expenses, upon the letteis paying for their trans-
portation, and paying more than their trans-
portation, and looking to the Treasury of the
United States to pay whatever else may be
required. It is a practical difficulty.
i should like very, much to see the postage
rate reduced to one cent; but I do not want to
denrivo the West of mail facilities in this opera-
tion. That is all. But if we can accomplish
that result and secure to ourselves mail facili-
ties, postal facilities, and advantages to the
extent we have now, and increasing^ extent
all the time, 1 am in for the Senator's system,
and f think that after we come to spccie pay-
ments we probably may reduce postage some-
what.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask the Senator
whether there has ever been any disinclination
to supply proper mail facilities anywhere?
Mr. HOWELL. All the time; there is a
const*)nt worry, a constant inability to obtain
the facilities that we need at the West. It
always has been so. and always will be.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts will allow me just there to make a sug-
gestion in answer to the proposition of the
Senator from Iowa. Do not the thickly settled
portions of the country, where the great bulk
of the business correspondence of the country
is conducted, pay now, through the larger rate
of postage, for ail these facilities ia the out-
lying sparsely settled regions; and would they
be any the worse otf for having that money
taken out of the Treasury instead of taken out
of their own pockets in the shape of postage?
Mr. HOWELL. It is a great deal like an
indirect tax ; we can get it without troubling
the feelings. That is the trouble. , ^
Mr. SUMNER. My friend from Iowa mis-
understands my proposition if he attributes to
it any such consequences. I wish to bave the
Post Office generous, bountiful, hnmane; and
it is to this end that I ask to have the rate of
postage reduced, so that the people of Iowa
may profit by it as well as the people of Massa-
ch usotfs
Mr. HOWELL. So I understand the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts. I under-
stand that to be his idea and his motive and «
his intention ; but I suggest a practical diffi-
culty which 1 fear will arise in this matter.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon
mo if I say it is not a practical difficulty, but
it is simply an imaginary difficulty on his part.
Mr. HOWELL. Oh, no.
Mr. SUMNER. I say the Senator is mis-
taken. The "evidence that I have before me "
now shows that the Government, even by the
presentsystem, withlonglines at immense cost,
is without any corresponding return ; and I am
sure that if you should make the Post Office
more beneficent as an agent, it would be more
generous to the people of Iowa, and also to all
.other people in the most distant parts of the
country.
The Senator from Minnesota said this morn-
ing that there was no cull for cheap postage.
Is there not as much call for cheap postage as
there is for the abolition ofthe franking system ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Where are your petiiions?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks, " Where
are your petitions?" and I answer, "Where
are your petitions?"
Mr. RAMSEY. They fill the rooms of the
Clerk of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says they fill
the rooms of the Clerk of the Senate; and how
did they get there? What is their origin?
Does the Senator refer to these petitions in
earnest? Does he not smile in his sleeve when
lie makes the reference? Certainly he must.
I put his petitions out of the question, and I say
that the call for cheap postage is greater than
the call for the abolition of the franking sys-
tem, which the Senator insists upon calling
''the franking privilege."
But are you to measure your duties by peti-
tions? I do not consider whether you have
petitions for one-cent postage or not. I know
that onc-cent postage will be beneficent, and
therefore I am for it whether there are peti-
tions or not. I know that it will be of much
more service to the coutitry than the abolition
of the franking system. I know that without
a one-cent, postage the abolition of the iranking
system will be a sterile reform.^ The Senator
calls it a reform. What will it do unless at
the same time you cheapen the postage of the
people?
The Senator, however, says that there is no
call for it. Was there a call from the pool-
slaves for the abolition of slavery ? Has there
been throughout history a call from the people
always, or indeed very often, for those reforms
which were needful? Was there a call irom
the people for cheap postage in 1843 when the
first change was made ? And then, again, after-
ward in those other years when the postage wag
still more reduced, was there a call then? No,
sir. Examine the history of the time, and you
will find Senate;s and Representatives argu-
ing, like my friend from Minnesota insisted,
that there was no call for die change that in
was not needed. They wished the old rates
precisely as the Senator from Mimiesor.a now
wishes the old rates.
I wish a now rate; and I insist that now in
this transition from the old to_ the new, when
we have this great measure of reconstruction
to carry through, one great agency on wmcii
we must, rely is cheap postage. I know no way
of accomplishing that better than by thepiop-
osition I now present. I take advantage of
