1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5501
allowed, but for the payment of which there are no
funds within the control of this Department.
These claims are j ust and equitable, and should be
paid. The attention of Congress is respectfully in-
vited to the subject with a view to appropriate legis-
lation to enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
the claims referred to, and others that may bo here-
after allowed, for which purpose I recommend that
the sum of 8100,000 be appropriated.
Vcry respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. X>. COX, Secretary.
Hon. Lot M. Hobrill,
Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest a modification of the
amendment as offered, so that it shall apply to
claims that have been audited by the Depart-
ment and not paid, as well as to future claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not under-
stand why the Government should be under
obligations to appropriate $100,000 to pay
claims arising from Indian depredations. If
my honorable friend supposes that it is based
on the intercourse law he has a different idea
of that statute from what I have. I have not
examined it; but I should be greatly surprised
if it turns out that under the intercourse act
the Government of the United States are bound
to make appropriations to pay damages occa-
sioned by depredations of the Indians. If this
matter has been examined by tlie Committee
on Indian Affairs, and is recommended by that
committee, that committee can say whether
that is so. Perhaps my honorable friend from
Kansas has examined this subject and satisfied
himself that that is so. I had never understood
that the intercourse act of 1834 went to the
extent of obligating the Government of the
United States to pay indefinitely for depreda-
tions committed by the Indians. I know that
in many of our treaty stipulations it is provided
that the annuities ot the Indians may be with-
held for the payment of depredations commit-
ted by the Indians with whom we have treaty
stipulations; but this proposition will go the
whole length of committing the Government,
and all the resources of the Treasury of the
Government, to an indefinite extent for depre-
dations committed by the Indiaus. I can hardly
think that to be so. If my honorable friend
has examined this matter he can state what the
law is.
Mr. POMEROY. When the Indian appro-
priation bill was before the Senate a few days
ago, the Committee on Appropriations moved
an amendment, which virtually, as 1 said then,
repealed the intercourse law. That amendment
provided that the payment of these claims
should not be made out of the appropriations
for the Indians. The Senator from Maine says
he thinks that was legitimate under the law of
1884. But that is now repealed; that is to say,
if the Indian appropriation bill becomes a law.
The Indian appropriation bill is hanging some-
where, and has not yet become a law; but if it
becomes a law, there is no provision to pay
these claims. The Senator from Maine then
said that if these claims were audited and found
to be just, and the Department recommended
their payment, it would be proper to make an
appropriation to pay them ; but he thought it
was mischievous to take out of the Indian ap-
propriations year by year a sum to pay claims
of this character. The Senate concurring with
him, an amendment was placed on the Indian
appropriation bill which prohibited the pay-
ment of these claims alter they had been
awarded and found due and payment recom-
mended. Therefore, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior has now recommended what the Senator
from Maine then encouraged him to do.
Mr. MORI-iILL, of Maine. That was a prop-
osition to withhold the payment ot annuities
and apply them to claims for Indian depreda-
tions. ,
Mr. POMEROY. And that is the law of
1834. T ...
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am inquiring
whether that is the law of 1834 or not. If the
Senator is familiar with that act I should be
very glad to have him refer to it and have it
read in the Senate. It is new to me if the
intercourse law goes to the extent to which
this amendment proposes to go. Perhaps the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
may know how that is.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] is entirely familiar with it. It
was read the other day two or three times in
the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. What is it?
Mr. POMEROY. The provision of the inter-
course law of 1834, about payment being made
out of the annuities year by year to white cit-
izens for property taken by the Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. The law of 1834 provides
for payment for Indian depredations committed
against white people, if the persons injured do
not retaliate; that the amount of damages
shall be ascertained and taken from the annu-
ities that may be due the Indians. That lav/
also provides that if the Indians are not enti-
tled to annuities the amount shall be taken
from the Treasury of the United States; but
that part of the law of 1834 was repealed by
the act of 1856 or 1857 ; so that where the In-
dian tribe is not entitled to annuities the party
suffering loss on account of Indian depreda-
tions is without remedy under the existing law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was my
precise inquiry, whether by law the Govern-
ment of the United States was bound to make
reparation to parties injured by depredations
of Indians?
Mr. HARLAN. Out of the Treasury?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; out of
the Treasury.
Mr. HARLAN. Surely not. The law of
1856 or 1867 repealed that feature of the law
of 1834.
Mr. POMEROY. It is only where the In-
dians have annuities paid them year by year
that the law applies, aud those are the only
cases they audit at the Interior Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then surely this
proposition is at fault.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir ; right the reverse.
This is to pay claims that have been audited
and found just; aud they have audited only
those where the depredations have been com-
mitted by Indians with whom we have treaty
stipulations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To be paid out
of what?
Mr. POMEROY. If the law had not been
repealed they would have been paid out of
their annuities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it is repealed.
Mr. POMER.OY. It is not repealed. There
is a provision in the Indian appropriation bill
to repeal it; but this recommendation is made
by the Secretary in view of the fact that the
Indian appropriation bill contains that repeal.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the prop-
osition, as it stands, is a proposition to pay
$100,000 out of the Treasury, independent, in
its language, without any reference to annuities.
If that is what it means, then clearly it ought
not to be adopted. If it is to pay the dam.tges
for these depredations out of the Indian annui-
ties, then it repeals the provision which wo
put in the Indian bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; and t'natisthe
reason that amendment was resisted. I then
stated that it would involve an appropriation,
because the Indian department had audited
and bound itself to pay these claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 do not know
how the fact is; but I understood that the
department did complain that the damages
claimed for these depredations sometimes
amounted to the entire annuities ot the Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. That is so ; that was the
complaint.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And therefore
it created very great hardship. Now we are
put in this fix. Here is $100,000asked for out
of the Treasury, and when I say mere is no law
for it my honorable friend says it comes out
of the annuities.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir ; I did notsay so.
I said that as the law formerly was it would
have come out of the annuities; but the Sen-
ator inserted in the Indian appropriation bill
an amendment prohibiting these claims from
being paid out of the annuities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is this
proposition for ? Is it to annul the law which
we put into the Indian bill?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir ; virtually.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then we under-
stand that.
Mr. POMEROY. It virtually changes it.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, if that clause in the Indian ap-
propriation bill should become a law, it does
not repeal the intercourse law of 1834, author-
izing the payment of claims out of annuities;
it only provides that they shall not be paid until
specific provision is made by Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. This is the specific pro-
vision.
Mr. HARLAN. No. We can provide for
the payment out of annuities just as we have
during this session in two or three different
cases. We examinea ease, and if in the opinion
of Congress it ought to be paid, we pass a
law directing it to be paid out of any moneys
due the Indian tribe in question.
The ease of Mrs. Kelley is a case in point.
We passed a law at this session directing a
certain amount to be paid to Mrs. Kelley out
of any money due to a particular tribe of
Indians that had committed the outrage on
her person ; and so in one or two other cases
during this session. It only prevents claim-
ants going before the Secretary of the Interior
and securing the allowance of claims that will
absorb the whole appropriation for the Indians,
i It requires them to come to Congress before
'■ the payment shall be made, that Congress may
1 judge of the propriety of taking it out of the
1 specific appropriation for the Indians.
; Mr. ROSS. The necessity for a provision
i of this kind is this : it has been found that as
| claims have been examined and audited in the
! Department and paid they consumed the an-
nuities which have been appropriated to the
Indians from year to year. The desire of the
Secretary, as I understand, in this appropria-
tion is to avoid the necessity of taking these
annuities for the payment of this class of claims
and thereby leaving the Indians destitute. This
proposition does that. Suppose we were to
take these annuities as they accrue for the pay-
ment of these claims. l"he Indians do not
deny the justice of the claims. They are fully
established in the Department, and the Gov-
ernment, under the law of 1834, is fully respons-
ible, or at least is so considered by the Secre-
tary of the Interior. Suppose we were to pay
those claims out of the annuities. _ We have
; then got to make additional appropriations for
i the subsistence of the Indians. This appropria-
! tion will avoid that. That is the purpose of it.
! lh-. WILLIAMS. I will ask the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs if he has
1 examined this proposition, and if he is satis-
!> lied that it outfit to pass? I willremark here
! that it seems to me such amendments as
this, raising important questions and appro-
priating large amounts of money, should be
printed and placed on our tables, so that we
may see what they are, and so that they may
be examined.
Mr. HARLAN. In reply to the honorable
!| Senator's question, I will say that I do not
! think the amendment ought to pass. There
are many cases of depredations where the
amount ought to be paid out of the annuities
of the Indians. There is no doubt about that.
But there are many other cases where it would
j be ruinous to the service to permit these dep-
i redation claims to be paid. The amendment
adopted to the Indian appropriation bill was
j! intended to correct this evil, to enable Con-
!■ gress through its appropriate committees to
decide out of what fund these depredation
| claims should be paid. In many cases it would
be right to direct the payment out of the an-
nuities ; in other cases it would be ruinous to
