1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
soldiers enlisting in the Union Army from the
State of Florida; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 393) providing for a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Omaha, in Nebraska, via the mouth
of the Niobrara river, to Fort Berthold, in Da-
kota Territory ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 394)
to encourage the growth of forest trees; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
ACQUINA HAY LIGIIT-IIOUSB.
Mr. "WILLIAMS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the Senate as to the necessity
and expediency of constructing a harbor light-house
at the mouth of Acquinnabay.in thoState of Oregon,
with an estimate of the cost of such a structure.
indian treaties.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has now closed.
Mr. DRAKE. There is a resolution on the
table that I offered yesterday which I should
like to have acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri calls up the resolution amendatory of
the rules offered by himself yesterday, which
laid over one day under the rules.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the thirty-ninth standing rule of
the Senate be amended by adding thereto the fol-
lowing:
But this rule shall not apply to treaties with
Indian tribes, which shall be considered and acted
upon in open Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not suppose that it is
necessary to go iuto any extended remarks in
reference to this proposed amendment to the
thirty-ninth rule. The subject has been before
the Senate on two or three previous occasions ;
but in some way or other the adoption of this
amendment has been put over by reference to
committees, &c. Now, sir, I wish that the
action of the Senate might be had upon it. I
believe it is important to the interests of the
country that this amendment should beadopted.
I hope that the Senate is prepared to vote upon
it at this time.
Mr. FERRY. I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding at the end of the proposed
rule the following:
Nor to treaties by whose ratification territory niay
bo acquired to the United States from foreign Gov-
ernments.
My object in offering the amendment, sym-
pathizing as I do entirely with the object of the
Senator from Missouri in his original resolution,
is that treaties of the character which we are
assured by the public press will speedily be
submitted to the consideration of the Senate
shall be discussed openly in open session, so
that the country can understand the causes
which induce the Senate either to advise and
consent, or to refuse to advise and consent to
the acquisition of territory from foreign Govern-
ments to the United States. We are informed
by the public press that treaties have been
negotiated by the executive department of this
Government which, if ratified, will add to the
present territory of the United States the entire
territory of a foreign republic now in amity
with this Government. We are informed by
the public press that the executive department
of this Government, without any appropriation
for that end, and, so far as I know, without
sanction of law, has taken from the Treasury
of the United States a considerable amount
of money and paid it out to acquire the consent
of the executive authority of a foreign Govern-
ment to the occupation of a portion of the terri-
tory of that Government by the United States.
We are also informed by the public press
that the people of the territory thus sought to
be acquired are now in a state of civil war, the
contending parties being led by two persons,
each of whom has been the president of the
republic whose territory is sought to be ac-
quired; that the consent which we have thus
purchased is the consent of the leader of one.
of these contending parties, protested against
by the other party ; and that if it be true that
the Government of the United States has taken
possession of any portion of the territory thus
sought to be acquired it may be necessary to
defend that position by force of arms. When
matters of such grave import as are thus sug-
gested by the public newspapers of the country
are to be brought, as suggested by those news-
papers, to the consideration of the Senate of the
United States, it is my deliberate judgment that
the discussion ought to be had in open session.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska rises to a point of order, which
he will state.
Mr. THAYER. My point of order is that
it is not in order to discuss a treaty or what
maybe supposed to be a treaty in open session
of the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. I have discussed no treaty
whatever. I have stated the contents of news-
papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut has stated what he has
learned from the public press. He has not
stated that that was correct.
Mr. THAYER. That is alleged to relate to
a treaty or supposed treaty; and I still insist
on the point of order, that it is not competent
to discuss such a subject, even upon reports in
newspapers, in open session, as to what the
President may or may not have done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The language of
the Senator from Connecticut appeared to the
Chair to be guarded and not to refer to any-
thing that had been discussed in any executive
session of the Senate. He spoke of what had
been stated in the public press, and was com-
menting upon it. The Chair thinks that he
cannot rule him out of order in so doing. If
he did it would be exercising the power of the
Chair to limit debate, a power which has never
been exercised before by a presiding officer ;
but if the Senator from Nebraska doubts the
correctness of the decision the Chair will sub-
mit the question to the Senate, and the Senate
can judge.
Mr. THAYER. It is sufficient for me to
raise the question; I do not wish to appeal
from the decision of the Chair. I, however,
take the liberty of adding that the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Connecticut are
based upon reports in newspapers, which re-
ports refer directly to supposed treaties which
are alleged to be now before the Senate. It
seems to me, with all due respect to the Chair,
that the remarks of the Senator relate to a
subject the discussion of which is prohibited
in open Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
not be at liberty to narrow the range of dis-
cussion by his own authority unless the Senate
should order it to be done. The Chair thinks
the Senator from Connecticut has not trans-
gressed the rules in regard to executive session.
Mr. FERRY. I was saying, Mr. President,
when interrupted by the call to order, that it
is my deliberate judgment that treaties which
propose to acquire the territory of foreign
Governments for the Governmentof the United
States ought to be considered in open session.
The most remarkable instance of the annexation
of territory in tho history of our Government,
to wit, the annexation of Texas, was accom-
plished, I believe, by a joint resolution which
was subjected to much debate in both Houses
of Congress. If it be true, as stated in the
public press, that it is now proposed to acquire
the territory of another foreign' republic, it
seems to me that tho people of the United
States ought to know the reasons which may
be given for such acquisitions and against such
acquisitions. The people of the United States
ought to know all that'may be brought to bear
to influence the votes of Senators in their final
action upon such a question. It is, particularly
in the case now suggested by the public press,
one of the gravest questions which has ever
arisen since the formation of this Government,
not being for the acquisition of territory on the
continent, but of the territory of an insular
republic, out of which may possibly grow the
beginnings of a new colonial system.
It is merely because I think that the public
interests require that matters of so grave mo-
ment should be openly discussed, and thus all
the light reflected back upon the Senate from
the public of which the case is capable, that I
have offered the amendment to the resolution
submitted by the Senator from Missouri. I
hope that both the amendment and the ori-
ginal resolution will prevail.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that the honor-
able Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pratt] desires
to address the Senate this morning; and in
order that this may not interfere with his wishes
I move that it be laid over until to-morroiv
morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri moves that the resolution be
postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
admiralty and makitime jurisdiction.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I move that
Senate bill No. 375, giving to the State courts
concurrent jurisdiction with the district courts
of the United States in cases of1 maritime con-
tracts and tortsupon the navigable rivers above
the ebb and flow of the tide, be taken up for
the purpose of referring it to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and upon that motion I de-
sire to submit some remarks to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the purpose
of the bill I have introduced is to preserve to
the States that concurrent jurisdiction which
until recently they exercised with the district
courts of the United States over an important
class of litigation. Recent decisions, made
by the highest judicial tribunal, have made a
modification of the existing law absolutely
necessary. The last in the series, rendered at
the December term, 1866, annihilated a most
important branch of remedial law cbthmon' to
all the western States. It has transferred to
the exclusive cognizance of the Federal courts
a large class of cases over which for near half
a century the State courts have exercised un-
questioned jurisdiction.
The bill I have introduced modifies the ninth
section of the judiciary act of 1789 only so far
as to allow the State courts to continue to ex-
ercise their former jurisdiction in common
with the Federal district courts. In other
words, it deprives the district courts of the
United States of their exclusive jurisdiction in
maritime causes occurring on the navigable
rivers above tide-water, so boldly asserted and
ruled by the Supreme Court in the case of
TheHineus. Trevor, reported in 4 Wallace, 555.
I will first call the attention of the Senate to
the features of that State legislation which is
overthrown and made nugatory by this decis-
ion. In quoting from the statutes of my own
State, I quote what is substantially on the
statute-book of every western State penetrated
or bounded by navigable riveirs.
The law of Indiana makes all boats, vessels,
and water-craft found in the waters of the State
1. For all debts contracted by the master,
Offiner, agent, clerk, or consignee thereof on
