5502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
the service to do so. The examination of
these claims of course will go on under the
supervision of the Department hereafter as
heretofore; but they are to be submitted to
Congress for the consideration of the two
Houses; and, as it seems to me, appropria-
tions ought to be made in view of the facts as
they may exist from time to time. A standing
appropriation of this kind would be merely to
invite claimants to fix up claims and present
them.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move to amend
the amendment of my colleague so as to place
the sum exactly at what the Secretary of the
Interior has already audited and approved. I
do not remember the precise figures stated in
his letter. Let it embrace precisely the sum
that the Secretary has already audited.
Mr. ROSS. I accept the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 think there is a precise
sum named in the letter of the Secretary that
he has audited and approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
says in Ins letter that he transmits a copy of a
report which states the amount he has audited;
but it is not stated in the body of the letter
what that amount is. He recommends an
appropriation of $100,000 for this purpose.
Perhaps the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Ross]
has the report of the 7th of July, from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, that is re-
ferred to in this letter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest that this amend-
ment be withdrawn at this time until we
ascertain whether or not the Indian appropria-
tion bill passes as it was amended in the Sen-
ate ; and at the next session of Congress pre-
cise information can be obtained from the
Secretary of the Interior as to the amount of
these claims, and then the Senate can act
understandingly upon them. I suppose they
will not be extinguished or barred if no appro-
priation is made at this time. We are act-
ing, it seems to me, prematurely now upon
the assumption that the Indian appropriation
bill will pass as it was amended in the Senate.
That is altogether doubtful, and if it should
not pass in that shape, then the old law
remains in force and there is no necessity for
this appropriation. But at the next session
we shall know exactly what the law then is
upon the subject if it is changed, and we can
learn exactly what amount of claims have
been audited. I hope, therefore, that the
Senator from Kansas will not insist upon this
amendment. If he does, I shall be obliged
to vote against it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Such a propo-
sition as that I do not think I should object
to; but this is acting altogether in the dark.
Iiere is an appropriation of $100,000, and
nobody knows what it covers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is what I say.
Mr. BOSS. 1 will change this proposition
so as to cover simply those claims audited and
allowed, and only those; and if there is any
balance it will be covered into the Treasury.
If the entire amount is due, of course we ought
to make the appropriation, because these claims
have been found to be due in the Department.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest that, it be changed
so as to say that a sufficient amount be appro-
priated to pay the claims already audited, not
exceeding §100,000.
Mi. EDMUNDS. We do not know now any
more about the audited claims than we do
about the others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Kansas state the amount he asks to be
appropriated ?
Mr. POMEROY. It will be seen from the
reading of the first paragraph of the letter
which 1 send to the desk and ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Referring to your communication of the 21st
ultimo, reluming certain claims against tho Chey-
enne and Arapahoe Indians, vrith advice that they
were allowed by your Department to the extent, and
for the several sums named therein, amounting in
the aggregate to $43,763 67."
Mr. POMEROY. That is the sum. I move
to amend the amendment so as to meet the
exact sum they have audited—$43,763 67.
Mr. ROSS. That would be manifestly un-
just, because that does not cover all the claims
that have been examined.
Mr. POMEROY. It covers all that have
been audited up to this time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Oh, no; only as to those
two tribes.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I ask to have the
amendment laid aside informally, so that we
may look into it.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be laid aside.
Mr. SAWYER. I have put the amendment
that I offered before in such a form that I think
it is not liable to the poiut of order raised by
the Senator from Massachusetts, and I desire
to offer it now. It is to insert as an additional
section the following:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Treasury is herebyauthorbud to pay to such persons
as were actually employed as officers of the United
States during tho year 1865 or 1866 compensation at
the rates provided by law for service rendered as
such officers. And an amount sufficient for thatpur-
pose is hereby appropriated out of any money not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Chair decides that not to be a private claim?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair holds
that the Senate decided in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, upon an appeal by the Senator from
Massachusetts, by a vote of 37 to 10, that this
proposition was in order.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask if that is not
inconsistent with the decision only half an hour
ago?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair then
ruled on a proposition which embiaced in its
text a recital that certain persons had not
taken oaths of office, &c., that he did not think
such an amendment was within the rule; but
all presiding officers defer to the action of the
body over which they preside. Where the
body has decided those questions on appeal
by a vote on the yeas and nays those decisions
form part of the parliamentary law of the body
itself.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Chair will par-
don me if I take an appeal now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. The
Chair has made this decision not as his own,
but as the decision of tho Senate in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, after debate.
Mr. SUMNER. It is very obvious that the
Chair does not agree with the present ruling;
and when it is debatable I will make a remark.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have the
amendment read again. I think it is in order,
if I am not mistaken, as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
make his decision. Parliamentary law is estab-
lished by the votes upon appeal of the bodies
who are to be governed by that parliamentary
law. The Chair decides that by the parliament-
ary law of this body this amendment is in
order, from which decision the Senator from
Massachusetts appeals; and the question is,
; '' Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
! judgment of the Senate?"
I Mi'. SUMNER. On that I would make one
i remark. The Chair, as I understand, has
; already to-night decided that this identical
claim is in its nature private, and that there-
fore, under the existing rules of the Senate, it
cannot be received. On an appeal from that
decision the Chair was sustained this even-
ing 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts will allow the Chair to sug-
gestthat there was no appeal except pro forma.
It was not pressed.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged to the Chair;
the decision was acquiesced in. My friend
from South Carolina proposed to take an ap-
peal, and on that made an eloquent speech,
and then withdrew his appeal; and there was
a general acquiescence in the decision of the
Chair.
Now, we have the same proposition slightly
changed in form, that is all—the same men,
the same beneficiaries, the same object in all
respects identical, except that certain terms of
description which are found in one amendment
are not found in the other. The two proposi-
tions are identical; and if that on which the
Chair has to-night decided, and where the
Senate acquiesced in the decision of the Chair,
was out of order, surely this must be out of
order. By no subtlety of debate, by no allega-
tion, by no logic, can any distinction be shown.
If there be a distinction it is one that has in it
nothing of substance, but only of form ; noth-
ing of reality, but only of language, made pre-
cisely to meet the case, and nothing else.
Therefore, sir, that the rules and orders of
the Senate may be observed, and that there
may not be a bad precedent established, I hope
that the present formal decision of the Chair
(where I see the heart and the intelligence of
the Chair are wanting and do not enter into it)
will be set aside, and that the Senate will fall
back upon the earlier decision of this evening,
which, I humbly submit, is in conformity with
parliamentary law and with the rules of this
body.
Mr. FOWLER. Without saying anything
on the merits of the subject, I thought the
Chair was in error before, and I believed the
original amendment was in order, for the rule
is that no amendment shall be received whose
object is to provide for a private claim unless
it be to carry out the provisions of an existing
law ; and the object of the amendment of the
Senator from South Carolina was to carry out
the provisions of an existing law, namely, col-
lecting the taxes in the southern States. That
was the law he was providing for. It is true
that in the manner of executing that law some
other law was interfered with ; but the object
of the amendment was to carry out a very dif-
ferent law, an existing law. The accident of
violating another law is no element, I think,
as to the order or disorder of the amendment
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Tennessee that upon
the previous appeal he voted with the minority
against the ruling the Chair now makes and
for which he contends.
Mr. FOWLER. I think that is true; but
I have changed my view of the subject since
then.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to detain the
Senate. I am no parliamentarian ; I have not
been long enough in the Senate to learn the
rules as my friend from Massachusetts has ;
but I think I am acute enough to see the differ-
ence between these two propositions. The
first proposition which I made distinctly de-
clared the fact, which has been adverted to so
often and so eloquently by my distinguished
friend from Massachusetts, that these men had
not complied with the law ; that they were not
appointed in accordance with law; that they
were, in fact, in every atom of their being and
existence as officers contrary to the law. In
the proposition which I now place before the
Senate there is no intimation, no hint, no sus-
picion, no suggestion that there is an individual
provided for there who has acted as an officer
in violation of the law. They have acted as
I officers of the United States.
How does the Senator from Massachusetts
know that I want to provide for men who have
performed the functions of officers of the Uni-
ted States in violation of law? I speak in the
amendment simply of those who acted as offi-
cers of the United States. It is in accordance
with the law to collect the revenue; it is in
accordance with the law to assess the taxes;
it is in accordance with the law to collect the
customs duties; it is in accordance with the
law to perform the office of the surveyor of
a port. There is a great variety of officers of
the Lnited States who are appointed in accord-
ance with the law, who acted in accordance
