414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
account of supplies furnished for the use of
the same ; on account of work done or ser-
vices rendered for the same by boatmen or
mariners, or any other persons, or on account
of work done or materials furnished in build-
ing, repairing, fitting out, furnishing, or equip-
ping such boat, vessel or water-craft
2. For all demands or damages arising out
of any contract of affreightment or any willful
or negligent act of the master, owner, or agent
thereof, done in connection with the business
of such boat, vessel, or water-craft, or any con-
tract relative to the transportation of persons
or property entered into by the master, owner,
agent, clerk or consignee thereof; and
3. For all injuries to persons or property
by such boat, vessel, or water-craft, or by the
officers or crew, done in eonneetion with the
business of the same.
Claims growing out of any of these causes
;iro made liens upon the boat, vessel, or water-
craft, and their appendages, and take prefer-
ence of any claims against the boat itself or
its owners growing out of any other causes.
The person aggrieved has his action against
the boat in the county in which it is found to
enforce his lien. Upon complaint and affi-
davit the boat or vessel is attached, and held
until the debt is paid or security given. The
action may be brought before any justice of
the peace in the county where the boat or ves-
sel is found when the amount claimed is within
his jurisdiction.
The Senate will not fail to observe how wide-
reaching are the provisions of this law. They
will note how it includes the labor and mate-
rials that build the boat or vessel; the stores
and supplies and labor necessary to operate
and man it, the expenses of equipment and
repairs, and maritime contracts and torts aris-
ing from the business of the boat; and how it
affords a domestic forum clothed with ample
powers to do prompt and inexpensive justice
to every honest claimant.
This beneficent legislation gave protection
and a prompt remedy in all the cases embraced
in its comprehensive terms. The smallest
creditor could attach the proudest steamer
which ignored his just claims, and detain her
until his dueswere paid or secured. The forum
where he sought justice was near at homo. In
many cases his grievances could be heard and
determined by a justice of the peace. What
lie sought was payment or security, and it was
small hardship for the boat to furnish the se-
curity if the justice of his demand was denied.
The proceedings were so simple and diroct in
their character that small legal skill was requi-
site, and the humblest creditor might hope to
save something after paying expenses.
These unpretendingcourtsofadrniraltyjuris-
diction created by the States existed and were
in full and beneficent operation along every
navigable water-course throughout the West,
doing prompt justice and redressing number-
less grievances in a cheap way, at the moment
the Supreme Court of the Uni-ted States, by
onesweeping decision, annihilated their juris-
diction and dismissed every suit upon their cal-
enders. It is a curious page of judicial history
to peruse, that which traces the revolution of
opinion ending in this summary ouster of State
jurisdiction over its own waters a thousand
miles beyond the influence of the tide.
The Federal Constitution declares that the
judicial power shall extend to cases of admi-
ralty and maritime jurisdiction.
The first Congress which assembled after the i
Constitution had been ratified passed an act to
csl ablish the judicial courts of the United States.
By the third section it was enacted that there
should bo a court called the district court, and
in the ninth section it was declared that it
should have exclusive onginal cognizance of
all civil causes of admiralty and maritime juris-
diction, including all seizures under laws of
impost, navigation, or trade of the United
States, where the seizures were made on waters
navigable from the sea by vessels of ten or more
tons burden, within their respective districts as
well as upon the high seas.
Now, the Constitution in delegating to the
courts to be created under it judicial powers
had not expressed that the jurisdiction in admi-
ralty and maritime cases should be exclusive.
That word is not found in the Constitution ; it
is only found in the judiciary act of 1789. The
Constitution says the judicial power shall extend
to cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction,
which might well be without being exclusive.
I believe it is not held in any of the numerous
decisions made under this clause of the Con-
stitution that it is not competent for Congress
to communicate to the State courts concurrent
jurisdiction over these cases. For many years,
indeed up to the year 1851, it was uniformly
held by the Federal courts that their jurisdic-
tion in admiralty under these constitutional
and legislative grants was limited to the high
seas, their bays, inlets, creeks, and rivers, up
to the point where the tide ebbed and flowed.
Indeed, sir, as late as the year 1848, in a
case reported in 5 Howard, 441, when a col-
lision took place on the Mississippi river near
the bayou Goulah, there was much doubt of the
j urisdiction of the Federal court, because of the
uncertainty whether the tide flowed so high.
But the majority of the court thought there was
sufficient proof of the tide there, and so the
jurisdiction was sustained. The argument in
those days was that admiralty and maritime
cases had a well-defined meaning at the time
of the adoption of the Constitution; that the
jurisdiction given to the Federal courts was
identical with that exercised by England in her
courts of admiralty, and should be confined to
tide-waters. In England the court of admiralty
was originally constituted for the adjudication
of causes and disputes arising upon the high
sea and within the jurisdiction of the lord high
admiral, whose deputy the judge of that court
formerly was. Their proceedings being ac-
cording to the course of tho civil law, became
very unpopular in ancient times, and a statute
was made in the reign of Richard II upon the
complaint of the Commons of England, defining
its jurisdiction, by which it was accorded and
assented that the admirals and their deputies
should not meddle from thenceforth of any-
thing done within the realm, but only of a
thing done upon the sea.
In the case of tho Thomas Jefferson, decidcd
in 1825, it was solemnly declared and adjudged
by the Supreme Court of the United States
that the jurisdiction of the courts of admiralty
of the United States was limited to the ebb
and flow of the tide; and this case was fol-
lowed in the year 1837 by the case of the
steamboat Orleans vs. Phcebus, 11 Peters, 175,
j affirming the same principle. Up to the date
! of this decision the judicial precedents are
I unbroken upon this question. There is a
j series of judicial opinions by the highest court
of the land which impliedly affirmed the State
legislation on the subject by denying to the
Federal courts jurisdiction in admiralty in our
navigable rivers above tide-water.
The first decision which questioned this long-
established doctrine was pronounced in 1851
by Chief Justice Taney, in the celebrated case
of the propeller Genesee Chief vs. Fitzhugh,
12 Howard, 448. In that case it was broadly
asserted that the admiralty and maritime juris-
diction granted to the Federal Government by
the Constitution of the United States was not
limited to tide-waters, but extended to all
public navigable lakes and rivers where com-
merce was carried on between different States
or with a foreign nation. It was further held
that the act of Congress passed on the 2Cth of
February, 1845, extending the jurisdiction of
the district courts to certain cases upon the
lakes and the navigable waters connecting the
same was consistent with the Constitution.
I shall presently have occasion to refer to
this statute as affirming the principle contained
in the bill I have introduced, and pause here
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that the constitutionality of that act of Con-
gress is here explicitly affirmed.
The ease of the Genesee Chief was fol-
lowed in 1866 by the case of the Moses Taylor,
where it was held by the Supreme Court that a
statute of California similar to the statute of
Indiana in authorizing actions in rem against
vessels for causes of action cognizable in ad-
miralty invests her courts with admiralty juris-
diction, and that the judicial power of the
United States is in some cases unavoidably ex-
clusive of all State authority, and in all others
it may be so at the election of Congress, and
that the ninth section of the judiciary act, which
vests in the district courts of the United States
exclusive cognizance of civil causes of admi-
ralty and maritime jurisdiction, was constitu-
tional.
That decision seemed to put the finishingblow
upon the whole mass of State legislation upon
the subject. But it was followed by another,
the last I shall quote, The Hine vs. Trevor, 4
Wallace, 555, which swept away every vestige
of State power; which laid in ruins the struc-
tures of State jurisprudence which had been
built up duringhalf a century, with an undoubt-
ing confidence on the part of the courts that
their jurisdiction reached their own rivers,
rivers that penetrated their States or divided
them from adjoining States. In this ease tho
court hold that State statutes which attempt to
confer upon State courts a remedy for marine
torts and contracts by proceedings strictly in
rem are void—void not as being in conflict
with the Constitution, but void because they
are in conflict with the act of Congress of 1789,
except as to cases arising on the lakes.
The case was this: a collision occurred be-
tween the steamboats Iline and Sunshine on
the Mississippi river at or near St. Louis, in
which the Sunshine was injured. Her owners
caused the Hine to be seized while she was
lying at Davenport, Iowa, in a proceeding un-
der the laws of that State, to subject her to
sale in satisfaction of the damages sustained
by their vessel. The code of Iowa, under
which this seizure occurred, is similar to that
of Indiana. The owners of the Hine inter-
posed a plea to the jurisdiction of the State
court. This is the statement of the case which
drew from the court the crushing decision I
have stated.
Mr. President, it is evident under this con-
dition of the law that all the grievances con-
templated and covered by State legislation and
which found easy and convenient redress in tho
State courts near at hand, must hereafter be
referred to the Federal courts. Before taking
my seat I will endeavor to give the Senate
some idea of the immense losses and number-
less inconveniences, amounting practically to a
denial of justice in most cases, which must
ensue unless the bill lying upon your table or
a similar one shall become a law.
But before doing this I desire to call the
attention of the Senate to an act of Congress
which is not only a precedent but by its in-
completeness invites the passage of this bill.
It has moreover the virtue of having been the
subject of judicial review by the court of last
resort, and to have received that court's ap-
proval. It is declared to be consistent with
the Constitution of the United States. The
eminent judge who pronounced the opinion
has passed away. He did not live long enough
to hear Ins power to speak upon that question
called in question in this body. If anything,
Mr. President, could disturb the serene repose
of the judicial dead I imagine it would be the
arraignment the other day by the learned and
eloquent Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake]
of the Supreme Court of the United States, and
the bold challenge of its power to sit in judg-
ment upon the constitutionality of an act ot'
Congress.
This act of Congress, which is thus stamped
