2670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
rehash of old speeches. It is time it come to
an end; and I hope that the Senate will adopt
this resolution, and that we shall neither ad-
journ, nor take a recess, nor leave this Cham-
ber untilwe get a vote. I would shut the doors
and not allow a man to leave until a vote is
taken.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask my friend
from Michigan if this is the first time that he
has ever delivered the speech that he has now
delivered to the Senate? [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. The first time in this
exact shape. I gave a slight dissertation on
hash in executive session, and 1 am sorry the
doors were not open.
Mr. CASSERLY. Theresolution,asIheard
it, struck me as pregnant with all the enorm-
ities which have since been pointed out, of
oppression of the rights of the minority ; not
only the political minority on this floor, but
those who happen to be in the minority on the
question of adopting this resolution, to what-
ever side in politics they may belong, who are
just as much oppressed by it, because they are
compelled to be here and to submit to the
operation of it as those who belong to the
political Opposition in this Chamber. More
than that, as has just been suggested to me by
a Senator of the majority of this body, this
resolution furnishes a precedent, and the prin-
ciple of it is to put it into the power of a
majority of this Chamber to pass and enforce
a resolution for continuing in perpetual session
from this to the day of final adjournment, if
indeed we ever could reach a day of final ad-
journment under the operation of this resolu-
tion. I ask you, Mr. President, whether there
is any precedent for such a resolution in the
history of this body ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not answer the Senator from California posi-
tively ; but as the point has been made by the
Senator from Rhode Island, the Chair will
Btate to the Senate what his ruling will be upon
this resolution if it shall be agreed to. It is
perhaps right for him to anticipate the point
suggested by the Senator from Rhode Island,
so that the Senate may be better advised as to
what his opinion will be in regard to it. The
Chair has stated his doubts in regard to the
phraseology of this amendment, but 110 point
of order being made upon it the Chair regards
the point of order suggested by the Chair as
waived, and that the resolution is before the
Senate. It certainly could not be debatable if
it was not in order, and no point of order has
been made against it,. It is therefore before
the body. If it should be agreed to by the body
as offered originally by the Senator from Michi-
gan the Chair would be compelled by the order
of the Senate to enforce it, and therefore could
not entertain a motion to adjourn. But the
Chair 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President-—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the Chair to finish his sentence. But the
Chair will state that he has no doubt of the
riglit of the Senate to repeal any resolution
they may agree to in regard to the order of
business upon a specific bill; and the Chair
will state how this resolution could be repealed,
if it should be agreed to by the Senate: by lay-
ing upon the table the Georgia bill. That is
not prohibited by the resolution, because that
would be disposing of the Georgia bill for that
time. A majority of the Senate could then,
without the proposition lying over one day,
repeal this enactment if they should agree to
it this morning, and then a motion to adjourn
would be in order. The Chair thinks this will
preserve the rules of the Senate and all the
rights of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. I did not understand the Chair before
to call for objections to this form of this reso-
lution, but to suggest a doubt as to its efficacy
if adopted. If 'the Chair had presented the
question, as be now does, as presenting a pres-
ent question of order, I should certainly have
made it, because I feel entirely confident that
the suggestion of the Chair was perfectly well-
founded. So careful is the Senateof preserv-
ing its rules, and so reluctant has it always
been to make any change or suspension of
tliem, that that rule to which the Chair has
referred was designed to be of the most exact
and sweeping character; so that the Senate
should not be drawn into a suspension or
change of its rules without every member
knowing precisely what was to be done. There-
fore, I think the Chair ought to entertain the
point of order now, and if the Chair will enter-
tain it, I make it, that the resolution is not in
cy-der.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Vermont did not understand the Chair,
the Chair thinks the point of order is made in
time. The Senator from Vermont makes the
point of order upon the resolution that it does
not comply with the fifty-third rule of the Sen-
ate. The Chair, in conformity to what he has
previously said, does not think it does comply
with that rule. However desirable it might
be—a question upon which the Chair has no
right to express any opinion—to close the de-
bate on the Georgia question and proceed to
the consideration of other business, the rule is
imperative and specific, as the Senator from
Vermont has stated, that amendments to the
rule which destroy the right of members to
move various motions, such as to adjourn, &c.,
must spccify "the rule to be suspended, modi-
fied, or amended, and the purpose thereof."
The Chair does not think this resolution comes
fully within that fifty-third rule. Therefore the
Chair is compelled to decide that he does not
think it is in order as an amendment to the
rules.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the Chair decide
that the resolution cannot be offered?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
can be offered; but the Chair does not think
it complies with the fifty-third rule, because
that rule states that amendments to the rules
mustspecify " the rule to be suspended," that
is the eleventh rule in this ease, " modified, or
amended, and the purpose thereof." The pur-
pose is stated, but the rule to be amended is
not stated ; and it being without any precedent
heretofore, the Chair thinks he must sustain
the point of order which is made. He has had
doubts upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Have I the floor ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California [Mr. Casseiily] is entitled to the
floor unless the Senator from Michigan appeals
from the Chair, and he will then be entitled to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
California to allow me a single moment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
fers that this question should be settled by the
Senate. It affects their privileges, not the
privileges of the Chair.
Mr. ANTHONY. We are all satisfied with
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I only express my
regret that the rules of the Senate should have
prevented action on the resolution.
Now, Mr. President, the legislation of this
session is very much behind. Probably less
work has been completed this winter than was
ever completed in the same length of'time be-
fore. There is another rule, not exactly a rule
of the body, but a rule of courtesy, to which I
wish to allude. This body now consists of
seventy-two members. If the Senate sits four
hours and thirty-six minutes a day, taking out
the morning hour for morning business, each
member of the body is entitled to three minutes
a day and not a second more. That is his time.
He has a right to that for the benefit of his con-
stituents.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will allow
me, I will suggest to him that in that case lie
has more than exhausted his time for to-day.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. But I have got four
months of silence to my credit, and am enti-
tled to four hours; whereas there are some
members of this body who would not be en-
abled to open their lips in twelve years if you
should enforce that rule and date it backward.
[Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. Has not the Senator from
Michigan made one long speech this session?
Mr. CHANDLER. What I wished to say,
however, was that I hope in some way, in
accordance with the rules, we may be enabled
to bring this debate to a close, and that we
may be enabled to go to work upon the busi-
ness of this session of Congress. There are
mauy important bills now before the Senate.
The country is demanding their passage; and
yet we aire here day after day, and week after
week, and month after month, carrying on a
debate which is utterly profitless, in my opin-
ion, to the Senate and to the country.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield to the Senator from
Massachusetts?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question ?
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will allow
me, I understood the President to decide this
resolution out of order in its present shape.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; and I propose to
make another motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next resolu-
tion on the Calendar is now before the Senate,
unless the decision of the Chair is appealed
from.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody appeals; weare
all satisfied.
order op business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next reso-
lution on the Calendar is one submitted by
the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
that the rule last adopted in reference to the
order of business be so construed as not to
apply to the morning hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it applies anywhere
that is just where it ought to apply.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that reso-
lution be passed over.
Mr. STEWART. Let us pass it now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No ; I do not wish action
on it at present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon moves that the resolution be
passed over, which has priority of all other
motions.
The motion was agreed to.
steamship service to australia.
The next resolution on the Calendar was
a resolution reported by Mr. Cole, from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, that
that committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (S~. No. 736) to author-
ize ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and Australia, and that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this reso-
lution the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thukman]
not now in his seat demanded a division. The
first question will be on discharging the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. If that
be agreed to, the next question will bo on re-
ferring the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
If that should fail, the bill will be placed on
the Calendar.
Mr. WILSON. As the Senator from Ohio
who took an interest in that subject is not here,
I move that the resolution be placed at the foot
of the Calendar, for the purpose of getting rid
of it for the present.
Mr. COLE. There is no difficulty, I think,
in taking a vote on the question now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
pass it over has priority.
Mr._ COLE. If the subject is to be consid-
ered in the Committee on Commerce, then
this resolution ought to be disposed of now.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is desirable thatthe ques-
