1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
not petition you to protect their especial pro-
duct. Bat with a clear appreciation of the
intimate relation between all branches of pro-
ductive industry in our country, they ask Con-
gress to protect American labor and home
manufactures, well knowing that everything
which vitalizes production vitalizes every mate-
rial interest of the country, and especially its
greatest interest, labor. I hope the states-
manship of these hardy miners may be reflected
by members of Congress whenever the threat-
ened onslaught on American industry shall be
made in the interest of British capital in these
Halls under the label of "free trade" or a
"tariff for revenue."
I have already adverted to the fact that my
own State has more miles of railroad than any
other, and that the cost per mile is greater than
in other States; and I have justly attributed
this supremacy to the coal mining. Before I
leave this branch of the subject let me add
another factwhich will doubtless be interesting.
Beneath the surface, far down in the mines,
in some instances as much as fifteen hundred
feet below the level of the rivers, we have in
the small anthracite regions more than four
hundred miles of railroad, not included in the
aggregate of railways in the State. I may be
more successful in placing this fact before
Senators by assuring them that these subter-
ranean railways would, if formed into one con-
tinuousline, reach from Boston to Washington,
or they would form a double-track road from
here to New York, and back again to where I
speak.
While the subject on which I now address
you is of national importance, I have confined
my illustrations entirely within my native State.
The personal knowledge and familiarity I pos-
sess in relation to the subject as it has devel-
oped about my home, and also the higher degree
of skill that has been attained with us than in
other sections has governed me in this design.
And pursuing that course I call attention to
the cities' of Philadelphia and Pittsburg, in
Pennsylvania, as eminently illustrative of the
benefits flowing from coal, as shown in creating
and maintaining home manufactures and home
industry. Wheu the commercial interests of
the country were transferred to New York, and
Philadelphia lost her supremacy as the empo-
rium of the nation, her people at once directed
their attention to the creation of the wares and
fabrics which she had formerly been content
to exchange. The result is that instead of
sinking under the withdrawal of commerce she
in now the greatest manufacturing city on the
continent. She has a better fed, better clothed,
and better paid population than any city in this
country; and she has the best housed popu-
lation of any city on the globe.
Second to Philadelphia in this last particular
(and in the extent of her products second to
Philadelphia alone) is Pittsburg, in the west-
ern part of the State I in part represent. Here
is the great workshop of our iron manufactures.
And here, too, as in our eastern city, the same
natural wealth, coaK^brms th$ basis and found-
ation of her prosperity. Here are to be seen
thrift, industry, intelligence,admirable schools,
magnificent churches, noble charities, and free-
dom as nearly perfect as can be found any
where. While less than half a dozen British
corsairs were sweeping our commerce from
every sea, this city sent one continual stream
of cannon, shot, and shell, yes, and heroic
men, to save the nation's life from the greatest
danger whichever has or ever can threaten it.
And while our commercial marine sunk under
its few and not very formidable assailants, this
busy hive of labor and industry sent yon the
means of utterly destroying the mightiest
armies, except our own, which ever Waged war.
Our blockade was maintained alone by the coal
shipped from the wharves at Philadelphia to
our naval vessels at their stations. The battle
of Gettysburg prevented the destruction of the
anthracite coal mines. It also prevented the
destruction of our blockade. And that crown-
ing victory was won because in some parts of
our country productive industry enabled us to
place great armies in the field and to supply
them with the material of war. To-day the
inadequate protection given to it prevents uni-
versal bankruptcy and national shame. Ade-
quate protection will secure to us everything
which this Government needs.
As a means of national welfare, assault,
defense, and maintenance, I contrast the two,
and, seemingly, antagonistic interests of com-
merce and production ; and I shall not shrink
from a candid examination of their relative
importance to our country in either peace or
war.
And I will go further. I am content, by
this comparison, to test this whole question.
I insist that the policy of protection is the true
policy to apply for securing the development
of every source of wealth, commerce Included.
By this wise policy the farmer puts in his
pocket as profits the freight he must now pay
to bring his crops to market, for the work-
shops springing up all over the country, under
this policy of protection, brings the market to
his barn-door. The transporter, losing this
source of income, finds it more than made
good by the abundant freightage pouring from
thousands of distant workshops in every part
of the country, seeking the sea-board and a
foreign market. And here, too, when our
artisans attain a higher skill, our machinery
reaches perfection, and our ability to produce
is fostered, you will find the reliable founda-
tion for a commerce which, like that of Great
Britain since she developed her coal, will be
aggressive and enduring. The workingman
will find his subsistence cheapened by trans-
ferring his dwelling to the teeming farm-lands
from which he must be fed, be he where he
may. The churches, schools, and benevo-
lent institutions flourish when the masses who
earn their bread by labor are fully employed,
cheaply fed, and well paid. The revenues of
the country are certain and generous then;
and indeed, business, in all its ramifications,
prospers when labor is prosperous. The cap-
ital of every nation is its labor. When this is
well and profitably invested all goes well.
When labor languishes all perish together in
a common ruin.
These petitioners come before you asking no
light thing. There is no selfishness in their
prayer; they know they cannot be injured by
competition, but they see clearly that the de-
partment of labor in which they are engaged
underlies development and happiness. They
see that the high state of prosperity which
marks the surrounding region of their coal-
fields is traceable to coal. They are not con-
linedrn their request by State lines or by local
jealously; they point out the way to make
every part of the country as prosperous as the
favored locality in which they live, and they
simply ask you to adopt a national policy which
shall benefit every part of the country. If the
coal of Great Britain and of Pennsylvania has
been the basis of a sound prosperity we only
ask you to do that which will make other States
possessing the same blessing equally or more
prosperous. Bender useful to their future de-
velopment and happiness the four hundred
thousand square miles of coal which underlie
nearly every State in the Union,and so use
the benefits vouchsafed to our people rather
than spurn them.
I now close with this imperfect reference to
the subject I have alluded to with a hope that
it will commend itself to the minds of Sena-
tors ; and when these great interests are assailed
that a candid and conscientious inquiry will be
made by each about the justice and propriety
of crippling our now growing manufacturers
and producers for the benefit of a nation which,
having attained high perfection in machinery,
almost crushing power in capital, and degraded
tlje wages of labor to a point bordering on
starvation, now seeks by free trade to make of
us only a customer for her workshops and a
helpless dependent on her for the necessities
of life and the comforts of civilization.
I move that the petition be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to say one word.
I did not wish to interrrupt my friend from
Pennsyvania in his very interesting resume of
the industry of Pennsylvania; but I cannot
allow his disrespectful allusion to Rhode Isl-
and coal to pass without saying that coal is
now mined in Rhode Island and carried right
by the depots of the great Pennsylvania coal-
fields far above, and sold to advantage. It is
the best coal that has ever been discovered for
the manufacture of iron, and I believe the time
is not far distant when the mineral resources
of our State will form a very important part of
our productions.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Rhode
Island is correct in saying that it is the best
coal which has been discovered ; but my belief
was that the veins were so small that it was
unprofitable to work it. I shall be very glad
to put in the Senator's corrections.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to correct the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island in his statement that
the coal discovered in Rhode Island is the best
for making iron in the United States, and to
remind him that coal has been recently dis-
covered in Indiana which is pronounced the
very best coal for the manufacture of iron on
the continent.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That tho petition and other papers of
Anna M. Howard be taken from the flies of the Sen-
ato and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 329) granting a pension
to Jerry Gordon.
enrolled bill8 signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President :
A bill (S. No. 266) to authorize officers of
the Executive Departments to administer oaths
in certaiif cases;
A bill (S. No. 374) to amend an act entitled
"An act to extend the time for the Little Rock
and Fort Smith Railroad Company to complete
the first section of twenty miles of said road,"
approved April 10, 1866; and
A bill (S. No. 436) to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes.
reports op committees.
Mr. HOWARD, from tbe Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 443) to release from Government res-
ervation the island of Yerba Buena, or Goat
Island, in the bay of San Francisco, reported
it with a recommendation that it be indefinitely ,
postponed; which was agreed to; and he sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed. .
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
William H. Oliver, reported a bill (8. No. 624)
granting a pension to William H. Oliver; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom '
was referred the petition of Adrian S. Lee,
reported a bill (S. No. 625) granting a pension
to Adrian S. Lee; arhich was read, and passed
to a second reading. ,
