1870."
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Latvs of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
trial and punishment persons engaged in coun-
terfeiting Treasury notes, bonds, and other
securities of the United States, as well as the
coins of the United States, and other frauds
upon the G overnment,, one hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars.
PUBLIC LANDS.
For rent of office o f surveyor general of Louis-
iana, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, one thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Florida, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, one thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Minnesota, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Dakota, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Kansas, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For office rent of surveyor general of Colo-
rado, fuel, books, stationery, and incidental
expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
New Mexico, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general^ of
California and Arizona, fuel, books, station-
ery, and other incidental expenses, four thou-
sand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Idaho, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Nevada, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, four thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Oregon, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
"Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
ami other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars. ~
For rent of office of surveyor general 01
Nebraska and Iowa, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor geueral of
Montana Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and otherincidental expenses, three thousaud
dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general or the
Territory [of] Utah, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
EXPENSES OF THE COLLECTION OF REVENUE FKOM
SALES OP PUBLIC LANDS.
For salaries and commissions of_ registers
of land offices and receivers of public moneys
at sixty-six land offices, three hundred and live
thousand six hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses of the land offices,
twenty thousand six hundred dollars.
For salaries, commissions, and incidental
expenses of two additional land offices created
by the act of May five, eighteen hundred and
seventy, twelve thousand dollars.
For "salaries, commissions, and incidental
expensesof lour additional land offices created
by the acts of May eleven and twenty-seven,
eighteen hundred and seventy, twenty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars -. Provided, That
tUo iand office at Le Grand, in the State of
Oregon, shall be allowed its incidental ex-
penses, commencing with its organization.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
For salaries and other necessary expenses
of the Metropolitan police for the District of
Columbia, two hundred anu eleven thousand
and liity dollars: Provided, That a further sum,
amounting to one hundred and five thousand
five hundred and twenty-five dollars, shall be
paid to defray the expenses of the said Metro-
politan police force by the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, and the county of Wash-
ington (beyond the limits of said cities,) in the
District of Columbia, in the proportion cor-
responding to the number of privates allotted
severally to said precincts; and the corporate
authorities of said cities, and the levy court
of said county, are hereby authorized and
required to levy a special tax, not exceeding
one third of one per centum, to be appropri-
ated and expended for said purpose only, for
the service of the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL FOB TIIE INSANE.
For the support, clothing, medical, and
moral treatment of the insane of the Army
and Navy, revenue-cutter, and volunteer ser-
vice, who may have become insane since their
entry into the service of the United States,
and of the indigent insane, of the District of
Columbia in the Government Hospital for the
Insane, including five hundred dollars for
books, stationery, and incidental expenses,
ninety thousand five hundred dollars.
For the erection, heating, lighting, furnish-
ing, and fitting up an extension of the hospital
for the accommodation of one hundred patients
in the three upper stories, and to contain sepa-
rate tailors' and shoemakers' shops, and lodg-
ing rooms, and a day room for twenty employes,
fifty-nine thousand four hundred and eighty-
two dollars.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION FOB THE DEAF AND DUMB.
For the support of the institution, including
salaries and incidental expenses, and the main-
tenance of the beneficiaries of the U nited States,
forty thousand seven hundred and seventy-live
dollars: Provided, Thatthe number of students
in the collegiate department from the several
States authorized by the acts of March two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and July
twenty-seven,eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
may be increased to forty; but no student now
at said institution, coming from said States
under said acts, shall be supported therein by
the United States, from and after the thiitietU
day of June, eighteeu hundred and seventy-one,
and no student hereafter coming to said insti-
tution from either of said States under said acts
and this act, shall be supported by the United
States duringany portion of the time he remains
therein.
For completion of the main central building,
ninety-four thousand and eighty-seven dollars.
COLUMBIA HOSPITAL FOR WOMEN AND I.YIXO IN
ASYLUM.
For the support of the institution, over and
above the probable amount which will be
received from pay patients, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For rent of building and necessary repairs,
three thousand dollars.
For the support of the National Association
of Destitute Colored Women of Washington,
in the District of Columbia, ten thousand dol-
lars.
NATIONAL SOLDIERS' AND SAILUIIS' ORPHAN'S'
HOME.
For the National Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphans' Home, of the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, fifteen thousaud dollars,
to be disbursed under direction of the Secre-
tu-y of the Interior.
For care, support, and medical treatment ol
sixty transient paupers, medical and surgical
patients, in some proper medical institution in
ihe city of Washington, under a contract to be
formed with such institution, twelve thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, under the direction of the Surgeon Gen-
eral of the Army.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
For preservation of the collections of the
surveying and exploring expeditions of the
Government, ten thousand dollars.
Toward the completion of the hall required
for the Government collections, ten thousand
dollars.
BOTANIC GARDEN.
For completing the main walk through the
Botanic Garden, to be expended under the
direction of the joint Committee on the Library,
one thousaud eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For concreting, three hundred dollars.
For labor and materials for gutters around
the walks, seven hundred dollars.
For putting Mansard story on the western
office buildings, and for casual repairs, for iron
floor grating, iron screcn for rotunda, and for
glass screens, five thousand and twenty-five
dollars.
For fencing the Botanic Garden on the Mary-
land avenue side in the same manner as it is
fenced upon the Pennsylvania avenue side,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS UNDER TREASURY DEPART-
MENT.
For inclosing the custom-house building at
Astoria, Oregon, fifteen thousand dollars.
For completing tho custom-house building
at Cairo, Illinois, including paving, curbing,
grading, aud fencing, sixty thousand dollars.
For completing the custom-house building
at Portland, Maine, including paving, grading,
curbing, and fencing, thirty seven thousand
two hundred and twenty-two dollars.
For continuing the construction of the cus-
tom-house building at Portland, Oregon, forty
thousand dollars.
For completing the custom-house building
at Saint Paul, Minnesota, one hundred thou-
sand and fifty-one dollars and thirty-eight
cents: Provided, That no part of the money
shall be expended until a contract or contracts
shall bo entered into, by the proper authori-
ties, with the lowest responsible bidder or bid-
ders, for the completion of the entire building
at a sum, including all moneys already ex-
pended in its construction, not exceeding three
hundred thousaud dollars; and the expend-
iture of any sum of money in violation of this
proviso shall be deemed unlawful. But this
proviso shall not be construed to prevent the
payment of amounts due or to become due
under existing contracts.
For repairs and preservation of the custom-
house building at New Orleans, Louisiana,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvement of the custom-
house building in San Francisco, California,
ten thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvement of tho custom-
house building in Chicago, Illinois, twenty
thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvement of the custom-
house building at Baltimore. Maryland, twenty
thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvement of custom-
house building at Petersburg, Virginia, ten
thousand dollars.
For repairs of the old custom-house at
Charleston, South Carolina, to fit the same
for a post office, twenty thousand dollars.
For completing the custom-house at Wiscas-
bet, Maine, and gradingandfencingthe grounds
surrounding it, four thousand dollars.
For completion of the work on the apprais-
ers' stores in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in-
cluding paving, grading, and curbing, forty-six
thousand one hundred and forty-six dollars;
and for four tanks, four steam-pumps, hose,
and four projecting lifts for loading and unload-
ing heavy goods, eight thousand two hundred
dollars : and for six hoisting machines, fifteen
thousand dollars; in all, sixty-nine thousand
three hundred and forty-six dollars.
