1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3615
June if I recollect rightly. That report de-
scribed universal amnesty, that is, thegranting
to all the rebels, high and low, including the
ringleaders and every other class, of the right
to participate in the legislation of the country
and to occupy seats here with us as a " match-
less wickedness," and I think so still. Your
universal amnesty will bring back to his seat
in this Chamber, sooner or later, thatinfamous
man, the head and front of the rebellion, who
by the quips and cranks of the law, or some-
thing more discreditable, escaped the halter.
Sir, you will one day see, if you live long
enough, Jefferson Davis and his servitors of
the same kith and kin, animated by the same
destructive ideas so hostile to the United
States, at work in these Halls, attempting to
rehatch their treason and vivify and reinvig-
orate the "lost cause," over which he and
they have so long mourned.
Mr. President, is it becoming the dignity
of an American legislator to sit in the same
Hall and participate in the same deliberations
upon national affairs with that infamous class
of men, the ringleaders of treason, whose great
object was for years, still is, and always will
be, I undertake to say, the utter destruction
of the Government of the United States? Sir,
I should be ashamed to sit in the same Hall
with them. I should feel dishonored and
degraded to be placing my name upon the
same list of yeas and nays with that of Jeffer-
son Davis or John C. Breckinridge or Robert
Toombs, or any of the ringleaders in that wan-
ton and wicked rebellion.
Mr. MORTON. Would the Senator do it?
Mr. HOWARD. I would not. I have too
much personal pride; so have other Senators.
1 have too much respect for my country; I
have too much respect for the opinion of the
world, thus to stain my own good name by
deliberate and voluntary association in matters
of legislation with traitors and enemies of my
country. If this is harshness in the opinion
of the advocates of universal amnesty, they
must make the most of it.
These are my opinions; and I go further,
and I tell you, sir, and I tell the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Perry,] and all the rest of
the sect known as universal amnesty men, that
instead of acquiring the respect or the attach-
ment or the friendship and confidence of rebel
ringleaders by such an act of folly and wicked-
ness, to use the language of the report, they
will acquire only their derision and their con-
tempt. Such will be the verdict of history,
and such will be the language of these men if
they ever return to these Halls. They will
sneer in your faces. They will tell you, with
contemptuous scorn, that you had not manhood
enough to continue even this slight inability to
rule and to legislate; that you had not self-
respect enough to continue it, even in regard
to the blood-stained ringleaders of the rebel-
lion ; and they will say to you, and with some
show of truth and consistency, that you are
just the men they took you for.
Sir, no rebellion in ancient or modern times
against a legitimate Government has been sub-
dued without punishment of the ringleaders;
and in my humble judgment no such rebellion
ought to pass without punishment. Treason
is a great crime. It is a crime we know which
by the common law is followed not only by the
punishment of death, but by the forfeiture of
all the lands and goods of the offender. It
has ever been regarded in all countries, Chris-
tian countries, pagan countries, and Moham-
medan countries, as the highest crime that can
be committed against the State. Your "uni-
versal amnesty" is a compliment to treason.
It is an invitation to the traitor to come back
and take his place in your councils and to give
direction to your policy and laws. Can you
do this, sir, and maintain your relf-respect?
Can you do this, and preserve in their purity
and strength the spirit, power, and purpose of
the Government to which you belong? You
cannot. Treason is odious. It is inconsistent
with all government, and, as I said before, the
highest crime that can be committed by a
citizen.
Have we inflicted any punishment upon the
traitors? None. Has there been a single mili-
tary execution for treason during or since the
close of the war ? Not one. Has there been
any trial of a traitor, however high or however
low, for the high crime he has committed?
None whatever. The sole inconvenience (for
it is not even worthy of the name of punish-
ment) to which the leading traitors, even, have
been subjected has been, and happens to be
now, an incapacity to come back into these
Halls and participate with us in the matter of
legislation; and this is denounced here and
elsewhere as a hardship, as a harshness, as
something unnatural and cruel, at least very
objectionable. I do not so see it.
This disability, as has been so often remarked
in this Chamber, is no punishment. If Con-
gress or the people, by an amendment of the
Constitution, sees tit to declare that a certain
class of persons in the United States shall not
hold office under the United States, or under
any State, is that a punishment for crime? Is
minority a punishment for the crime of being
a minor? A minor cannot hold office; he can-
not make a bargain. A femme covert, a wife,
can make no contract. She is under a dis-
ability ; but who ever thought that this disability
either of the minor or of the femme covert was
a punishment? It is simply a misapplication
of terms: a perversion of the meaning and
intention of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution.
For one, I propose to keep this nest of ad-
ders, who have given us so much trouble—I
mean the ringleaders of the rebellion, those
who hissed the loudest and were most poison-
ous in their bite—away from my premises. I
intend that they shall have no more to do with
me or mine, if I can help it, in the shape of
office-holding, legislation, or anything else.
This class proscribed from office-holding
merely by the fourteenth amendment have been
guilty not merely of making war against the
United States, which in itself at the opening
of the war was punishable by death in all cases,
but they have been guilty of deliberate perjury
and false swearing before God and man ; for
the proscription applies only to such persons
as have once taken a solemn oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, and have
afterward gone into the rebellion and borne
arms against the United States, or rendered
aid and comfort to the enemies thereof. Here
is the crime of deliberate perjury, which is a
felony by the laws of all the States, punishable
by confinement at hard labor in the peniten-
tiary, in addition to the still higher crime of
treason against the United States.
Senators on this floor complain that this is
a grievous punishment to such men as Jeff.
Davis, Toombs, Breckinridge, Lee, and the
rest of the nest.
Mr. MORTON. And Wise.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir, and Wise; that
this is a grievous punishment; that it is a use-
less proscription; and they appeal to us to be
magnanimous and indulgent, to pardon these
offenders and take them back again to our
bosom. Sir, they had sworn to support the
Constitution of the United States before God.
They had sworn not to make war in any event
upon their country. They violated their oath;
they made war upon their country ; they de-
ceived the nation that gave them birth; and,
for one, I must apply to their condition the
old adage, not the less significant because it is
old, that "a wise man may once be deceived,
but it is the fool who is deceived the second
time." Let us keep them where they are.
Who ever goes before the loyal people of the
United States and appeals to them to send
representatives to this body and to the other
House of Congress with a view to establish
Greeley's plan of "universal amnesty," will,
I predict, receive a universal "no" from all
loyal Republican men and women to whom he
may address his appeals. I have no fear about
the result. The recollection of this war has
not yet passed from their hearts, nor ought it.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Sawyer] the other day, in the ardor and
zeal of his friendship for the late rebels, asked
us whether we were not going to forget the
war! I do not know what that Senator may
do with regard to forgetting the war. My own
opinion is that even he will not soon forget it.
I am quite sure, for another, that I shall never
forget the war; and I tell you, sir, that the
loyal people who suffered so much in its pros-
ecution—the father who lost his son, the mother
who lost her son whose remains lie buried in
southern soil, all the people who contributed
in any way to prosecute this great war to pre-
serve the unity and honor of the nation ; the
woman who put in her mite to encourage the
soldier in the performance of his duty or to
administer to his comfort, to bind up his wounds,
or to do aught else for his comfort; the fathers
and the mothers and the sisters, the widows
and the orphans, sufferers by this dreadful war,
and told to-day by millions—can never forget
this war; and God forbid that they ever should
forget it, or the wicked causes that led to it!
Its result is one of the proudest monuments in
honor of the American name to the constancy
of a free people and their love of their Gov-
ernment. They will never forget this war, its
dangers, its sufferings, its toils, its sacrifices;
and they never will, for they never can so long
as they are human, forget the scoundrels who
brought such calamities upon them, and they
never ought to forget them. There may be
other Powers in the universe who may be
equally disinclined to forget these crimes; but
that is a matter between the offender and his
God, and I shall not follow him beyond the
confines of time.
What I stand to is the report and the doc-
trine of the report solemnly presented to the
two Houses of Congress in June, 1866, in
which this policy of universal amnesty was
denounced as u matchless wickedness." If it
was a " matchless wickedness " in 1866 it has
lost nothing of its atrocity in 1870. The leop-
ard cannot change his spots. Treason and
rebelism are to-day as odious and hateful and
as little worthy of trust and confidence as they
were in 1866, as they were in 1861.
Now, sir, I wish to say one word upon the
bill which is before us. I have already con-
sumed much more time on another branch of
the subject than I intended. I know that the
Committee on the Judiciary were as anxious
as any of us to'present a bill which should be
effective for the protection of loyal voters,
white and black, all over the United States.
I do them honor in regard 'to the labors they
have bestowed upon the subject. But at the
same time, not wishing to introduce into our
legislation anything which can be treated as a
novelty, anything to which reasonable objec-
tion can be raised, I think the passages I shall
point out will stride other Senators as they
strike me.
And first, in section three there is a provision
declaring that where a person has endeavored
to take the necessary preliminary steps in
order to acquire the right to vote, and has been
prevented by the officer to whom he was to
make his application, his offer shall be held to
be " a performance in law of such act." Then
the section proceeds and declares that he may
present an affidavit to the board of election
that he had offered to qualify himself to vote,
and that his vote shall be received by the board
upon the ground that he was prevented from
registering or taking any other preliminary step.
I do not think that an unconstitutional clause,
but I think it is a clause which might be in some
cases very easily abused. I think it is leaving
to the applicant too broad a discretion, too
much power. To say to him that if he swears
he offered to qualify as a voter, and that he was
prevented by John Smith, or John Doe, he
