1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4559
and who established these Departments of the
Government; r,ot only antagonistic to their
principles, to their policy, and to their designs,
but these Departments cannot exist any length
of time with this interference.
I conceived in the beginning of this discus-
sion that really the Postmaster General had
been derelict in his duty; that in fact he had
been a meddler and had interfered with mat-
ters with which he had no concern ; but on
reflection—and I speak it deliberately—I do
not believe that the Postmaster General in-
tended in the slightest degree to curtail the
privileges of this body or of the other House.
Here, sir, are thirty-two thousand persons who
have this right, to come in the presence of
twenty-seven thousand postmasters to determ-
ine whether that right is a proper and legal one
or not. It is my experience, and it is undoubt-
edly the experience of other Senators here, that
letters have been returned to them with their
frank upon them that they never authorized, and
it is impossible for the postmasters to know the
signatures of those who have to place them
on these letters. This practically throws it
open to twenty million people, to the whole
country, to use this Department without com-
pensation or reward.
The reduction of postage, in my judgment,
at this time simply places taxation upon an
already overburdened people. Any addition
is out of the question, if it was not unnecessary,
if our postal service was not the cheapest on
earth to-day, and the cheapest postal service
that was ever performed. To use this Depart-
ment as I have heretofore said—-as a simple
political machine for members of Congress, or
for " the party "—woiks injury to the Depart-
ment, and does not serve, in my judgment, the
party interest. Or, if those having the charge
of the Government for the time being may bo
considered the Government, if the service of
any one of their Departments is not efficiently
performed, if it does not carry out the purpose
of its organization, all the advantages that the
party receives from it are at once canceled
by the inferiority and want of success of the
Department.
Rowland Hill and those who were his assist-
ants in giving cheap postage to Great Britain
are held up here as marked men and to be con-
gratulated. The Postmaster General sends in
his commendation of these great men and his
approval of the sentiments expressed by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts. He
has become so free from practice in dealing
with the receipts and income and moneys of
this Government and of the people of the Uni-
ted States, that millions of dollars taxation dt0
not affect his equilibrium; it does not affect
the purposes and views of the honorable Sen-
ator. Although I am a friend of education,
of newspapers and newspaper writing, yet I
have come to the conclusion that this Govern-
ment was established for some other purpose
thau simply to teach the people to read and
write.
There are purposes beyond, or at any rate
which these educational influences must be the
result of. The people of the United States
must first be directed in proper pursuits and in
diversilied industries upon which they may
correspond, and upon which these educational
influences may have weight and foundation and
existence. What use is there for post offices
to a barbarous people, a people who have no
trades or employments ? What use is there of
post offices to the American Indian, to the
uncivilized portion of the world's populations ?
They do not need post offices. The people of
the United States first must be established in
profitable employments, and the very purpose
• of the Senator from Massachusetts is to pre-
vent the profitable employment aud diversified
industries of this country, by placing upon them
a tax of §13,000,000 of which they do not at
present bear the burden.
If I can at this time or at any other time
impress upon anybody—one man is sufficient
for me—that the views'of those who are in
charge of these Departments are far better
than the views of any Senator or combination
of Senators, I shall conclude with having done
some service in the remarks which I have
thought it necessary to make.
I say here, and I have said it before, that no
business interest of this country could sustain
itself one moment if it was established and
carried on now by any one of the Departments
of th® Government, and I can conceive no
other reason for it than that from first to last
the suggestions, the petitions, and the requests
of those who have the responsibility of those
Departments are not acted upon, are not con-
sidered favorably by the legislative branch of
the Government; instead of which they will
mingle in, and, as it were, make an effort to
become a part of the executive branch of the
Government. If it has not been observed by
Senators, it is to my mind as clear as the noon-
day sun, that it is the prime object of many
here to assume the responsibilities of the execu-
tive functions. It has been so in all time; one
power desires to encroach upon another power
and to absorb it.
This may be considered lightly, and it is
undoubtedly considered lightly by the members
of the Senate who listen to me; but you have
not only the seeds, but the plant already grows
that will bring dissolution to the Government
itself. Here in this report of the Postmaster
General he shows you that by the use of the
franking privilege the very existence of the
Department is jeopardized. He goes to the
people ; he asks them to indorse his action.
He knows that there is no other influence that
has power over the legislative branch of this
Government but the people. He feels as every
man would having charge of a Department;
having his reputation at stake ; earnest and
enthusiastic that a reform should be made, and
he takes the very measures which he believes
most efficacious to bring about that result. I
thought in the beginning that it was high-
handed ; I believe now that he took the proper
method. I believe that he was justified in the
use of the means that he employed. ]f he
was not justified on a critical examination of
the thing, he was justified in observing the
action of the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Do not the Senate and House of Represent-
atives use the power with which they are
clothed to perpetuate themselves individually
in power and combine one with another to
continue themselves in position ? Is not this
high and powerful body used constantly to per-
petuate its own existence, and do not its mem-
bers go to the people, do they not make an
effort to influence the people, in order to pro-
duce that result? Why, then, complain of the
Postmaster General when you are doing the
same things yourselves? He, in his Depart-
ment, is trying to systematize it, to bring it, as
he believes, into a healthy state. Why complain
of him when you are constantly using the posi-
tions you occupy to produce the same results
for yourselves? 1 think he was justified.
Whether or not the Senate of the United States
and the members of the House of Representa-
tives, and all others who desire to occupy pub-
lic stations, are justified in the means they use,
each one can judge best for himself. He in
my judgment pursued the only course that it
was possible for him to pursue to carry into
effect the end desired ; and he has, besides,
the views publicly and privately expressed of
every one of his predecessors in offic.e ; and he
knows that the Department of which he has
charge will bring him at the end of his term
of otiice no credit, no honor, no satisfaction,
and he therefore feels himself justified ill bring-
ing to bear all the power possible to effect his
end.
1 am not hero, Mr. President, to apologize
fur the Postmaster Geneial, to make excuses
for him, oi to defend him. So far as I am con-
cerned I have no influence with him, nor do I
receive anything from him; neither do I from
the President of the United States or any of
his Departments; but I say this growing- influ-
ence, this growing determination on the part
of the legislative branch of the Government'to
encroach upon, to interfere with, and'to absorb
the Executive Departments of the Government,
and in no event to recognize their suggestions,
is dangerous. Sir, it may not be conceived to
be the duty of the President of the United
States, it may not be conceived to be the inter-
est of the President of the United States to fill
to its fullness the presidential chair. It may
be that he does not comprehend to-day his
obligations to his country to see that the laws
are faithfully executed.
There are no higher duties imposed on him
than to see that none of the Departments of
which he has charge are in any form interfered
with by the legislative branch of this Govern-
ment in any way that shall in the leastwise
affect their efficient management and their
healthy continuance in existence. This Gov-
ernment is, so far as my reflections have led -
me, separate from the people, and will be until
the people shall have changed the individuals
connected with it. The idea of " servants of
the people," the idea of an immediate connec-
tion of the people with this Government is not
in accordance with the existing fact. The peo-
ple of the United States have n"> more con-
nection, so far as interference with it is con-
cerned, with the Government of the United
States to-day than they have with the Govern-
ment of Great Britain. It is an organism and
a life within itself, and the responsibility as to
its success rests with those who are at present
in the management of it. It is a life, a being
disconnected in any form from any other influ-
ences or powers anywhere ; and the responsi-
bility as to its efficiency, as to each one of its
branches and its Departments working in har-
mony one with the other, rests upon those hav-
ing it in charge.
But, sir, that, is not the spirit or the practice
of the time. Each is mingling with the other;
there is no separation ; there is no distinction.*
There is no life in each one of the Departments.
It is not a perfect, but an imperfect life, in
which, as I have heretofore said, the seeds
are sown of its own dissolution, and the tree
has grown to considerable size.
Contemplating this subject as I have, the
efforts of the Postmaster General in attempt-
ing to extricate his Department from that con-
dition meet my most earnest approbation. As
he is not here in this Senate, as his report is
not received here or elsewhere with much com-
mendation, I have deemed it my duty to ex-
press to him thus publicly my commendation,
and my hope that although he may fail here
of obtaining the fullness of his desires he will
persist to the end. And although my voice
may not have much effect upon any other heads
of Departments, I will say to them that they
have a duty beyond that which they have here-
tofore thought belonged to them. Each head
of a Department of this Government is the
agent of the President, is the President him-
self for the time being, and he ought not, and
I trust will not, whether Congress are derelict
in their duty or not, permit his Department
in anywise to deteriorate in his hands. For
their information, for their encouragement, I
point to them the action of Bismarck and King
William when the legislative branch of the
Government of Prussia refused to recognize
their superior knowledge as to the wants and
as to the designs of the Government, and they
pursued that course which has made Prussia
the leading nation in Europe.
Coming back, therefore, to the heads of the
Executive Departments, when 1 hear one of
them say that he will not go further in his
expenditures, or in the administration of his
Department—and ho to whom I now refer may
hear what I now say—if in any way in the
slightest degree he permits his Department to
deteriorate in his hands, notwithstanding the
