1728
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that bill be
postponed until Friday next, so that we may
go on with the funding bill.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not resist that motion.
I think the funding bill should have precedence.
I shall only expect that this bill will be the unfin-
ished business when private bills again have a
right to appear here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be the
first bill in order on Friday, subject, of course,
to any unfinished business that may be left on
Thursday.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refunding and consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities, and to establish specie payments, is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senate pro-
ceeds with the bill, I submit a motion in pur-
suanceof the order made on Friday, that at half
past four o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess
until seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I would inquire whether it
is expedient that we shall act on that motion
now?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senatorwas not pres-
ent probably when the order was passed  
Mr. SUMNER. I was.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators have appealed
to me to have this matter settled now because
some of them may be away before four o'clock;
and I think the order for a recess ought to be
made early in the day, so that all may under-
stand it.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not interpose any
objection if Senators think it advisable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask also that it may be
ordered by unanimous consent that no other
business than the funding bill shall be in order
to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. That I cannot control,
I do not know whether the Senate could make
such an order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senate can make
such an order by unanimous consent. If we
are to come here to pass private bills and do
other business I want it understood.
Mr. SHERMAN. I fear that would leave
us without a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be the
reason why people would come here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the suggestion will
not be adopted, bat that all Senators will come
here. I will be here at seven o'clock and insist
on the regular order of business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The mischief of evening
sessions has been that for half an hour before
the regular business is taken up bills that ought
to be investigated are passed without any in-
vestigation or consideration at all; and that is
an evil that I wish to protest against for one,
and I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to it. I had hoped the Senator from Ohio
would consent to have an order made that the
funding bill and nothing else shall be in order
to-night; but if he objects, of course I cannot
persist in it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by unanimous consent an order to
that effect might be made; but the Chair would
doubt whether, according to the practice her^,
the Senate might not at seven o'clock dispense
with it. It would be binding on the members;
but it would not be for the Chair to enforce it.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, that the Senate take a recess from
half past four o'clock to seven o'clock this
evening.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 19.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to make a
verbal amendment in line nine of the first sec-
tion, by striking out the word " Government"
and inserting " United Statesbo as to read,
"at the pleasure of the United States."
The Amendment was agreed to.
very
Mr. SHERMAN. Also in line six of sectiort
two I move the same amendment, in order to
make it conform to the old acts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, no objection being interposed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move the same amend-
ment in line seven of section three.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. BAY ARD addressed the Senate in oppo-
sition to the bill. [His speech will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOWE addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony^ thochair.) Thehourof half past four
■ o'clock having arrived, according to order the
: Senate will now take a recess until seven
! o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. SUMNER. Half
i past seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Seven o'clock
j was the order of the Senate.
; The Senate thereupon took a recess until
i seven o'clock p. m.
1 EVENING SESSION.
| The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
! p. m.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senate will eome to order. The
funding bill is before the Senate as in Com-
i mittee of the Whole. If there be no further
amendments to be proposed to the portion
proposed to be stricken out the question will
be on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Corbett.]
Mr. VICKERS. Will it be in order to move
that the Senate adjourn; for there seems very
; little prospect of a quorum ?
: The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
| to adjourn is always in order.
Mr. VICKERS. I move that the Senate do
now1 adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
court of claims bailiff.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the Senate is
waiting for the funding bill to be taken up I
move to take up a little bill—No. 97. It is a
bill that has once passed the Senate. It is to
fix the salary of the bailiff of the Court of
Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that an ocder was made this morn-
ing that no other business should be considered
to-night but the funding bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not understand that
any such order was made, but on the contrary
I objected to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of that;
and I merely proposed to call up the bill
before the regular business was proceeded
with.
Mr. SHERMAN. The order was not agreed
to as proposed. I objected to it.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chait
is advised that unanimous consent wad given
to the order s but the Chair will entertain the
motion of the Senator from Illinois if there be
no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 97) to fix the salary
of the bailiff of the Court of Claims. * It pro-
vides that hereafter the annual salary of the
bailiff of the Court of Claims shall be at the
rate of $1,500 per annum, tCK.be paid as now
provided by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill was reported
by the Judiciary Committee and oncc passed
the Senate. I can explain to any one who
wishes to know about it that this officer does
all the duties of that court; bat the bill has
once passed the body, and I suppose it is well
understood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed, for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
african slave trade.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the res-
olutions submitted by me a few days since in
regard to the slave trade on the coast of Africa.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The resolutions were read
the other day. I do not suppose that they need
be read again. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to their passage now.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think there can
be any objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the resolutions be
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
lieeolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested to inform the Senate what, if any,
measures are being taken by this Government to
assist in suppressing the traffic in slavesnow carried
on on the coast of Africa; also, the number and
names of the judges and consuls that have been ap-
Sointed to positions along the coast; what amounts
ave been paid to them; what functions they per-
form, and whether they reside at or near their posts
of duty.
And be it further resolved. That the President be
requested to transmit to tho Senate copies of any
reports that may have been received from time to
tiiueshowing tho extent to which the traffic in human
beings is now carried on. as well as the nationality
of the vessels chiefly engaged in it; also, whether it
has been brought to the notice of the Government
that our flag was extensively used as a safe means of
protecting those engaged in the traffic.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
trade is carried on to a considerable extent,
and vessels of this country are somewhat in-
volved in it. I have recently read in an Eng-
lish review an account of the matter, and it
seems to me a deplorable condition of affairs
exists there, and we should do something, if
possible, to put an end to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Where do they find a mar-
ket for slaves, I ask the honorable Senator?
Mr. WILSON. They find a market in Cuba.
Mr. RAMSEY. I thought the Spanish au-
ji thorities had denounced slavery at home in
! their Cortes.
!! Mr. WILSON. Spaniards are engaged in
it, and Portuguese especially have engaged
largely in it; and our flag is now used, and so
is the English flag and the Portuguese flag
especially, within the last year or two. I
should like to obtaih all the inforrnation I can
upon the subject; and if it is in our power to
do anything to put an end to this great wrong
I hope we shall do it.
The resolutions were agreed to.
victor beauboucher.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is a
small bill on the Calendar to which I think
there can be no objection, reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations^ a bill (S.
No. 463) for the relief of Victor Beauboucher,
late consul of the United States at Jerusalem.
I move that it be taken tip.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (8.
No. 468) for the relief of Victor Beauboucher,
late consul of the United States at Jerusalem,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction to
the Secretary of State to audit, the expendi-
tures of Victor Beauboucher, late consul of
the United States at Jerusalem, made in 1866
and 1867, on account of destitute American
oolonists at Jaffa, and to determine what allow-
ance, if any, shall be made to him, on princi-
ples of justice and equity; and the Secretary
of the Treasury is to pay to Beauboucher such
sum as shall be awarded by the Secretary of
State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no limit to
that. .
Mr. SUMNER. The limit is found in. the
facts. The sum that it is understood he has
disbursed is between two and three thousand
dollars. It is on account of these colonists
from Maine that went to Jaffa. It will be
remembered what was their forlorn condition,
and the consul at Jerusalem was dispatched to
their assistance, and he incurred expenses on a
considerable scale, of which he has exhibited
vouchers at the Department of State; but the
