416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
The Committee on the Judiciary in this body
has refused at the present session of Con-
gress to report favorably upon a bill dividing
the State into two judicial districts. What is
the result? Why, that now and in the years to
come all persons who have grievances to re-
dress in a court of admiralty jurisdiction, how-
ever small the amount in controversy, however
pressing the necessity for instant seizure, must
waste precious hours in reaching the seat of
Federal power, it maybe one hundred and fifty
miles off, and too often too late for effectual
remedy.
To illustrate in a more striking manner the
defect in the law, I will select a single city in
the State of Indiana, situate upon the banks
of the Ohio, two hundred miles below Louis-
ville. Bvansville has a population of thirty
thousand. It is a port of delivery, having a
custom-house and surveyor of customs. There
are thirty-seven vessels enrolled at this port,
with an aggregate of five thousand nine hun-
dred and eighty-two tons. Last year one thou-
sand nine hundred and forty-eight steamboats
landed there. Its exports of corn daring the
year 1868 were upward of two million bushels.
Its merchandise sales exceeded thirteen mil-
lion dollars, while its manufactures amounted
to about three and a half million dollars. This
thriving city, with its large commerce, its
thirty-seven steamboats, its many people con-
cerned in commercial pursuits, is one hundred
and eighty miles distant from Indianapolis, the
only point in the Slate where the district court
holds its sessions.
I have spoken of a single city planted within
the memory of living men on one of the navi-
gable rivers of the West, and that city small in
numbers, wealth, and commerce in comparison
with others which dot its banks from Pittsburg
to Cairo. Many other thriving cities upon the
banks of the Ohio and Wabash within my State
put up the same appeal as Bvansville. When
this decision of the Supreme Court was pro-
mulgated upon which I have commented forty
cases pending on the dockets of Bvansville,
instituted under the law of Indiana, were dis-
missed. They were dismissed because of the
denial of jurisdiction under State laws in the
State courts. Forty claimants were compelled
to forego a remedy except at a ruinous ex-
pense in a Federal court near two hundred
miles distant. And what is true of Evansville
is true of all the other cities and towns upon
those_ two streams engaged in commercial
pursuits.
Sir, the firstdutyof Government in affording
protection to its citizens in their persons, prop-
erty, and pursuits is to provide them with courts
convenient of access for the settlement of their
controversies—courts "wherein justice shall
be administered freely and without purchase,
completely and without denial, speedily and
without delay." This duty is left undone in
the present condition of the law. The passage
of the bill upon your table will restore the law
as it was, and save innumerable mischiefs and
hardships.
Mr. President, I move that this bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and be
printed.
HOWARD. I shall make no opposition
to that reference, Mr. President. I wish merely
to say, in a single word, however, that I am
very happy that the honorable Senator from
Indiana has presented this subject to the Sen-
ate. It is one of great gravity and importance, ,
beyond all doubt. I am only acquainted with !
the decision of the Supreme Court to which he |
has referred by a statement of its nature in the I
newspapers. That decision, if I understand it 1
rightly, relates only to matters of contract and i
tort upon the navigable waters of the United i
States. They may be below tide-water, or they ;
may be above tide-water; but I understand that ;
that decision carries the jurisdiction of the '
Federal courts above tide-water and plants it |!
upon every navigable water within the limits i|
of the United States, so far at least as con- il
tracts and what are called marine torts are
concerned.
I wish especially to call the attention of the
Judiciary Committee to another inconven-
ience which may result from the carrying out
of the principle consecrated by that decision,
if such be the decision. How does it affect
the criminal jurisdiction of the States, Mr.
President? I think it will be found upon in-
vestigation that this decision of the Supreme
Court subjects to trial in the district courts of
the United States, and according to admiralty
law, every offense that is committed upon the
navigable waters, even lying within the limits
of a State ; thus subjecting the accused to trial
by a jury taken up generally from all parts of
the State, and denying him the privilege of
being tried within the limits of the county
within which the offense was committed, which
is the principle of the old common law.
I think it will be found that this decision of
the Supreme Court sweeps away the entire
criminal jurisdiction of the State courts as to
all offenses committed upon navigable waters
within the State, and turns the accused over to
trial in the district court of the United States,
subjecting him to the inconvenience of travel-
ing a great distance to attend his trial, and to
a still greater inconvenience in procuring his
witnesses; subjecting him to trial not before his
neighbors, his peers, within the venue, the
county in which the offense was committed, but
by persons summoned from great distances
within the limits of the district where the trial
takes place. Certainly, I think it was never
contemplated by the framers of the Constitu-
tion that the Federal courts should have so
broad, so almost limitless a jurisdiction upon
the rivers and other navigable waters of the
United States. I have had some occasion in
the course of my practice to look into these
questions, and I came at an early period to the
settled conclusion that the ruling of the Supreme
Court in reference to the lakes and the navi-
gable waters of the United States above tide-
water was erroneous. However, this is not the
place to review that decision or to criticise it,
perhaps. I merely call attention to it.
Let_ me state another fact, sir. My own
State is bounded on the east and the north by
the divisional boundary line between the Brit-
ish possessions and those of the United States.
There is not a foot of the waters lying in Lake
Brie and within the limits of Lake Michigan,
or lying in the Detroit river, or in the St. Clair
river, or in Lake Huron, or in Lalje Superior,
that is not included within the limits of a county
regularly organized by a statute of the State, and
subject to the jurisdiction of the State court
employed to administer justice therein. Now,
is it possible that this criminal jurisdiction of
the local tribunals can be taken away from
them by a decision of the Supreme Court and
turned over to the district court of the United
States?
_ I merely throw out these views for the con-
sideration of the committee to whom this bill
shall be referred. I think they will find on
investigation that the subject is worthy of a
great deal of consideration, and very careful
consideration.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
that the bill be referred.to the Committee on
the Judiciary and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tub iioosk.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
804) to protect officials in Government employ ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
enrolled bills sigxed.
The messagesIso announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 92) in addition to theact entitled "An act
to incorporate the Washington, Alexandria,
and Georgetown Steam Packet Company;"
and it was thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident.
state os virginia.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 85) declaring Virginia entitled
to representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Drake, to add to the reso-
lution the following proviso:
Provided, That should the Legislature of said State
at any time hereafter pass any act or resolution pur-
porting to rescind, annul, or retract its ratification
of the fifteenth article of amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States the passage of such act
or resolution shall operate to exclude said State from
representation in Congress, and to remand said State
to its condition immediately prior to the passage of
this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this amend-
ment the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 44 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron,Drake, Howe,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Spencer, Sumner,
and Thayer—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds. Ferry, Fowler, Ham-
ilton, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Kellogg, McCreery,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Nye, Patterson, Robertson,'Ross, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Wil-
ley, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—44.
ABSENT—Messrs, Cattell, Chandler, Cragin, Fen-
ton, Gilbert, Hamlin, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, and
Sprague—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now move to amend
the bill by adding the amendment that I gave
notice of yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to amend the bill by
adding as a proviso what will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
I'rovided, That before this resolution shall take
effect each member of the Legislature of said State
and ea«h officer thereof shall take and subscribe, and
file in the officc of tho secretary of State of Virginia
for permanent preservation, an oath in the form fol-
lowing : I, ■ , do solemnly swear that I hare
never taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as
nn officer of theUnited States, or as a memberof any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support tho Constitution of the
u nited States, and afterward engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof; so help me God;" or such
person shall in like manner take, subscribe, and file
the following oath; "1,   , do solemnly swear
that i have, by act of Congress of the United States,
been relieved from the disabilities imposed upon mo
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States; so help me God;" which oaths
shall be taken before and certified by any officer law-
fully authorized to administer oaths. And any per-
son who shall knowingly swoar falsely in taking
either of such oathsshallbedeemed guilty of perjury,
and shall bo punished therefor by imprisonmentnot
less than one year and not more than ten years, and
not less than $1,000 and not more than
810,000. And in all trials for any violation of this act
the certificate of the taiing of either of said oaths,
with proof of the signature of the party accused, shall
be taken and held as conclusive evidence that such
oath was regularly and lawfully administered by
competent authority; And prowled further. That
every person who shall neglect for the period of
thirty days next after the passage of this resolution
to take, subscribe, and file such oath as aforesaid
shall be deemed and taken, to all intents and pur-
poses, to have vacated his office.
Mr. SAULSBURY, Mr. MORTON, and
others demanded the yeas and nays oil the
amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding as a further proviso what I
send to the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us take the question
on my amendment first.
irr" ™)N. ^ ®lave n0 objection to that.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that each amend-
ment be proceeded with separately.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
I will withdraw the amendment which 1 in-
tended to offer as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont until his
shall be acted upon, and then I shall offer it as
a further proviso.
