3616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
may, nevertheless, go forward and pat in his
vote, is or may be to enable him to evade the
law. It is unusual to me; it is entirely unheard
of; and I would far rather that section should
be entirely stricken out. I do not believe it
will be of any benefit to the country generally.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to call the
attention of the Senator to the fact that the
wrongful act must be the "act aforesaid."
That is the act referred to in the second sec-
tion, refusing him the right.
Mr. HOWARD. I have read the bill very
carefully, and if the Senator will allow me, I
was about to close my remarks. I make these
observations in regard to the bill rather to elicit
the opinions of other Senators than to express
any of my own ; but it strikes me that after all
that section will do very little good, if any at
all, and it may be so easily abused, and it will
so surely become the subject and foundation
of complaints and wranglings and litigations,
that I think it had better be omitted altogether.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. HOWARD. I shall be throagh. in a
moment, but I will yield to the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to elicit
debate, but only to inform my friend that that
section was the subject of very serious consid-
eration in committee, and we were informed
by gentlemen from various of the States where
this thing is "to rub," to use a homely expres-
sion, that the hostile organizations that exist
in the counties and in the townships there would
exclude the body of colored men from voting,
and carry the elections thereby, they not being
entitled to vote by being rejected thereby, and
then take their chances, after having elected
their own men, of the punishment that might
follow; and for that reason we thought on the
whole it was better to insert it.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt tk&t in
many localities it would operate well, and prob-
ably would be in those localities the only effect-
ual remedy for the mischief sought to be rem-
Mr. EDMUNDS. In other localities it would
not work at all, because there would be no
occasion for it.
Mr. HOWARD. We are not sure of that.
Then section five, I think, is open to obser-
vation. I must confess that I do not qnite see
the propriety of attempting that sort of legis-
lation. It declares—
That any person who shall be deprived of any
office, except that of member of Congress or member
of a State Legislature, by reason of the violation of
the provisions of this act, shall bo entitled to recover
possession of such office by writ of mandamut or
other appropriate proceeding; and the circuit and
district courts of the United States shall have con-
current j urisdiction—
And there the words " with the proper State
court" have been added—
of all ewes arising under this section.
In the first place, I should object upon pro-
fessional ground to the endeavor to employ
the writ of mandamut for such a purpose. If
my recollection serves me, a writ of mandamus
is used only in cases where a party in posses-
sion of an office owes a special, defined duty
to some one, where the duty is defined and
where the conditions for its performance have
been fully performed, so that it is the plain,
clear duty of the officer to perform the aot. It
is not issued even in doubtful cases, I believe.
Now, how can the writ of mandamus be ap-
plied to such a case as this? After the elec-
tion some one will receive the certificate of
the board of election, and there will be an in-
cumbent who will enter upon the discharge of
the duties of the office. He is in possession,
and in the exercise of the functions of the
office; but there is an outside claimant who
sets up that he had more votes at the election
or was entitled to more votes than the actual
incumbent had. Then the applicant goes into
the circuit court, and upon a proper showing
by affidavit , obtains from the court an order
nisi ordinarily, if not a peremptory mandamus.
He applies for his mandamus to command—
what? Does the mandamus turn the actual
incumbent out?
Mr. STEWART. Suppose there isno incum-
bent?
Mr. HOWARD. Take my case first. Sup-
pose there is ?
Mr. STEWART. Then you have some other
proper proceeding.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose there is an actual
incumbent? In ninety-nine out of a hundred
cases you would find an actual incumbent in
possession. Is it the intention of the bill that
the mandamus shall eject the actual incum-
bent?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. HOWARD. Of course not, because
the writ could not be used for any such pur-
pose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; the Senator may
make a suggestion to me or to the Senate,
whichever he pleases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will make it to
both, although the Senator is quorum pars
magna. My friend does know, as he ought
to know, as every lawyer knows, that the name
that you apply to a proceeding is of no conse-
quence.
Mr. THURMAN. "That which we call a
rose by any other name would smell as sweet."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly. All that that
section provides, giving a particular name to
the process, is, that when there shall be a final
determination that the man who has not ob-
, tained the office really is entitled to it he shall
have it. Can there be any objection to that?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not raise any objec-
tion. I merely wish to call the attention of
the ingenious gentleman who drew this bill
and reported it back to the Senate to some
considerations which have occurred to my
mind.
Mr. STEWART. I should like now to pre-
sent a further consideration at that point. Sup-
pose the board of canvassers should throw out
a number of colored votes, and suppose it
turned out to be a majority; that they would
not count it at all; what proceeding would you
take then?
Mr. HOWARD. But the principal consid-
eration which I wish to present to the learned
lawyers of the Judiciary Committee is this : is
there not, after all, some doubt or uncertainty
whether this kind of remedy, whether by man-
damus, quo warranto, or any other "appro-
priate proceeding," as it is called in the sec-
tion, is authorized by the Constitution of the
United States?
Mr. STEWART. But I should like the Sen-
ator to answer my question. Suppose the board
of canvassers refuse to make any count at all,
and throw out the majority of colored votes,
then would not a mandamus be the appropri-
ate remedy ?
Mr. HOWARD. I yield to the Senator
from Vermont to make a motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are reasons con-
nected with the courtesies that belong to the
Senate why we should not have an evening
session to-night. I therefore move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I hope not.
Mr. RAMSEY. Question!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. STEWART. I want to have an under-
standing as to going on with this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. The motion to adjourn is
not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not debatable. Let
as adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota objects to debate. The question is
On the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but
six Senators rising to second the call.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 19, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MORRISTOWN SOLDIERS' MONUMENT.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 289) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon
to the soldiers' monument at Morristown, Mor-
ris county, New Jersey ; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. HILL. I ask unanimous consent to
have the joint resolution put upon its passage
at the present time. I will simply say that it
has been considered by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and that it meets their entire
approval.
There wa3 no objection; and the joint reso-
lution was read. It authorizes the Secretary
of War to furnish to the Soldiers' Monument
Association of Morris county, New Jersey,
four pieces of condemned iron or bronze can-
non and fifty cannon balls, to be placed about
the monument to be erected at Morristown,
the county seat of said county.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEXICAN TREATIES AND OBLIGATIONS.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a preamble and resolution for
reference to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It is a resolution instructing the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to report to the House what
action, if any, be necessary to compel the re-
public of Mexico to fulfil existing treaties and
obligations made and entered into between
that Government and the United States.
I desire to say just one word in explanation.
The resolution is based on a series of resolu-
tions recently passed in the Texas Legislature.
I am admonished, in consequence of the ex-
pected early adjournment, of the necessity of
having the matter referred immediately to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs for considera-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
the House to pass a resolution of instructions
to the committee? Referring the resolution
would not operate as instructions.
Mr. CONNER. I desire to introduce a
resolution of instructions.
The preamble and resolution were read, as
follows:
Whereas reliable information of the existence of
bad faith on the part of the republic of Mexico toward
the people and Government of the United States in
relation to existing treaties between the two Gov-
ernments is reported to prevail; and whereas it is
the duty and obligation of the Government of the
United States to protect its citizons and inhabitants
against all depredations from foreign Powers or the
citizens thereof, and to compel the fulfillment of all
such treaties, and especially is it our duty to insist
that the republic of Mexico, a neighboring friendly
Power, shall no longer permit its soil to be used as
an asylum for hostile bands of Indians or other des-
peradoes, who for five years last past have been
devastating the southwestern frontier of Texas, with,
it is believed, the full knowledge of the authorities
of Mexico: Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Foreign
Affairs be, and are hereby, instructed to inquire into
the facts herein cited, and report to this House what
action, if any, be necessary, to proteot our citiiens
and compel the said republic of Mexico to fulnll all
existing treaties madeand entered into between that
Government and the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think that resolution
