4560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
omission to provide proper life and remedy and
existence for it by Congress, having the power
in his hands he will be unworthy ofrthe high
trust confided to the President of the United
States and the heads of these various Depart-
ments by-the people if he allow it to languish
and die. Sir, the people have spent money
enough, they have saerified enough to keep
every branch of their Government in fullness
and life within itself, that it may contribute to
the proper direction of their affairs. They have
a right first to insist that the Government itself
shall be properly and efficiently organized ;
that it shall not conflict with itself; that each
of (he Departments shall be separate,'working
in its own orbit, and all together in asuceessful
and a perfect course. Having established it,
they have a right, and they .will insist when
thus established, that it shall direct their affairs
in such a manner as to give stability, perma-
nency, and prosperity to their affairs. They
look here, and properly; and if they see, as they
do see, conflicting interests, the jar of conflict-
ing powers, the inharmony existing every where,
they know that when such a state of' things
exists they have nothing to hope for, so far as
giving to their interests that sort of relief, that
sort of permanence and existence that they
demand.
1 did not intend, Mr. President, to take up
the time of the Senate one moment. I desired
at the beginning to show that we covered a
larger' field than Great Britain, to whom we
have been made a contrast; that where Great
Britain's rate of postage is two cents, ours
should be, to correspond, six cents. I desired
to draw attention to the fact that, in my judg-
ment, having examined the subject as closely
as figures and reading have permitted me, I
have come to the conclusion that the Depart-
ment is a dead letter, that it can have no exist-
ence, that both the President of the United
States, his Secretaries, and all connected with
the Departments will bo disgraced if this im-
perfect method of management is persisted in.
Senators do not consider that these times are
different from those which existed prior to the
war. They know, or ought to know, that the
morals of those who are connected with the
postal service is not as strict in regard lo hon-
esty as it was before the war. They know, or
ought to know, that there is an easy disposi-
tion to defraud the Government of its rev-
enues. They know, or ought to know, that in
the business of the country there is more dis-
trust, more corruption, more disorganization,
more of everything that is imperfect to-day
than there was previous to the war, and they
must see that that imperfection and disorgan-
ization must become a part of each of the
Departments of the Government.
On that account, if on no other, the recom-
mendations of the Postmaster General and the
President of the United States and every head
ot a Department, whenever he recommends
anything that will, in their judgment, having
far more experience fhan it is possible for any
Senator to have, should be favorably considered
by Congress. Such a recommendation from
such a source should not be unfavorably con-
sidered in the start. If I have been able to
impress upon the Senate or any member of it
this view of the matter, X shall be content
myself for having occupied their time.
Mr. THUUMAN. 1 desire to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations whether he desires to sit this bill out
to-night?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I say distinctly,
by all means I do,. X hope the Senate will not
adjourn until this bill is finished.
Air. THUUMAN. Then I beg leave to make
a suggestion. Here is a bill that appropriates
over twenty-six million dollars. I can recol-
lect when $20,000,000 paid all _ the expenses
of the Government. Here is a bill that appro-
priates over twenty-six million dollars, and not
one word has been said in respect to a single
appropriation in that bill. Not an inquiry ha 
been made of the chairman of the committee
that reported this bill in reference to a single
item in the bill. Not one item in it has been
questioned. No opportunity has been afforded
to <Jo sobut the whole time since this bill has
been taken up has been devoted to the discus-
sion of the abolition of the franking privilege,
a question that had been discussed before, day
in and day out. Now, sir, in view of this, I do
hope that we may come to*a vote on this frank-
ing privilege question, in order that we ma.y
have an opportunity to inquire of my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, why it is that he asks so much money
for the Post Office Department ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say to my friend
from Ohio that the only proper course in de-
bate is to debate the point that is presented for
decision immediately; and theimmediate point
that is presented for decision now is the very
question that he objects to debate about.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to say that that has been so strictly observed
that not a single word has been said about the
corpus of this bill? But the practice in the
Senate never has been to confine one's self to
the immediate subject, to the amendment that
was offered, but to debate the whole bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the Senator
whether it would not be proper to make this a
corpus delicti.
Mr. THURMAN. It will be a, caput mor-
tuum pretty soon. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I should
not venture to say anything on this question
if I did not feel it to be a duty in carrying
out the evident and declared wishes of the
Senate. The Senate decided the other da)',
after consideration, and no doubt wisely, that
the true place to try all sorts of experiments
in the way of legislation wa3 on an appropria-
tion bill, and that it was wholly nnlit to limit
debate about it; and therefore if I could think
of anything to say, I should rather feel bound
to say it now, out of respect to the Senate.
But seriously. Mr. President, 1 have a few
words to say on this subject, and they shall
not be long, and I should have said them with
less embarrassment but for the speech of my
honorable friend from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Smiagcb.] I am a good deal impressed with
that speech. I have listened to him with
attention. I am a good deal inclined to be-
lieve with him that we are tottering on the
verge of a precipice; that the war is going to
ruin us after all. Some of us had the impres-
sion that it was going to save us. But that is
evidently a mistake; and I do not know what
I should do in the Way of looking forward with
hope to the future of the country were it not
for the fact that I learn with so much pleasure
that my honorable friend has now come in to
the support of General Grant's administra-
tion, and that he feels himself competent, and
I checrfully yield it to him for one, and will
follow him in il, to advise Senators to give a
stronger and heartier support to that admin-
istration. I am glad to be able to take him
for a leader on that point, and follow him in
supporting the Administration in all its great
measures ; and X do not doubt that he means,
as I do, to carry that support, as they say in
taking the oath of the Army officers, "against
all enemies and opposers whatsoever," even
to the next political campaign. In that hope
I think the country may rest until we dispose
of this franking question, though that may be
a good while off, perhaps, and so I will come
to it.
I do not intend to be wearisome to anybody
if a short time can prevent it. It is a fact,
everybody agrees, that the large mass of mat-
ter that is I ranked is franked on the business
of the Government. It is the work of the
people through their agents ; just as much, to
use a familiar illustration, as the l-idmg of a
stage-coach driver on his coach is the business
of his master, aud he does not pay fare ; ortbe
conductor of a railroad train ; or the driver
of a locomotive. It is a part of the great
machine by which the people's Government
carries on the Government for the benefit of
the people; and therefore the Government
must be provided with that facility, and the
people must pay for it in some way or other.
It is perfectly useless to put that out of sight.
Tbe millions, therefore, that the Postmaster
General tells us are to be saved by paying
postage upon all the matter that is now franked
on the business of the Government are mil-
lions of the people's money that is now in the
Treasury, that must be taken out or paid out,
in some form or other, to accomplish pre-
cisely the purpose that is now accomplished
by the mauual signature of the persons who
are authorized to adopt that way of perform-
ing the public business. There is no mistake
about that. The Postmaster General says
that, and I do not need to dilate upon it.
Every intelligent man knows it; every citizen
knows it.
Then, why do we make the change? I give
the Postmaster General the credit tor sincerity
and zeal about it—entirely so. I do not ques-
tion his motives in this somewhat uuusual
method of creating public opinion. To be sure,
a hundred years ago, in some other countries,
it might have cost a minister his liberty, if not
his life; but I do not question that. This is a
free country, and I do not criticise it even.
But the Postmaster General put his desire to
make this change upon the ground that this
faculty of the Government in carrying on its
own affairs is abused ; that frauds are commit-
ted upon it; that the franks of public officers
and members of Congress are stolen ; that they
are forged; that they are sold in some in-
stances ; and therefore, he says, in order to
correct the abuse of this public function, which
is carried on for the benefit of the people, he
would cutoff the function itself. He proposes
to substitute nothing for it in his report, which
I have before me ; but he proposes to lay the
ax at the root of the tree that bears the apples
for the people and cut it down, because some
of the apples are r.otten ; just as, acting upon
the same method of argument, whicti some
people would see some slight fault in, we might
be called upon to abolish the Post Office Depart-
ment itself entirely, because the Postmaster
General informs us in his annual report that—■
" The number of packages of postage stamps tost
in the m.nt during tho year was twenty-two, repre-
senting $818; and of stamped envelopes fifteen, rep-
resenting $259; being less than the losses for iike
delinquencies in 1888."
There is an abuse occurring under his own
administration, in his own oflice. The logic,
therefore, of this argument would be, thao if
there is any abuse or loss or injury in the trans-
mission of postage stamps, aoolish them ; or
if the fault is in the office which transmits
them, abolish the office. If there is an abuse
in the administration of justice by the trial by
jury, as there is, from fraud, from perjury, from
bribery, from prejudice, m every county aud at
every term, abolish the trial by jury. Do not
punish the jury ; do not bring up the false wit-
ness ; take no steps under the administration
of the law to secure him ; but lay the ax again
at the root of the tree and abolish the jury; and
so of the court, and so of every Department.
Mr. President, I confess I do not think that
is the highest degree of statesmanship. Admit-
ting that there are abuses in this system, as there
must be from the nature of things in every
system, in every Department of ttie Govern-
ment until lhe millennium comes, how are you
to correct them ? You are not to correct them
by abolishing the system which contains the
abuses unless you can perceive that another
system, which may be introduced for the pur-
pose to work the same public good, is one
which would be less liable to abuse than the
one which you abolish.
But I think that these abases have been very
largely overrated. We are tofd by an expert
and zealous bead of a Department that these
frauds and abuses have been enormous, ami-we
