1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4561
have called upon him by a public resolution to
give us some of the instances and details of
those frauds and abuses; and what does he
reply? He says he cannot do it; there are
ever so many of them, but he cannot give us
an instance. _ Very likely he could if he had
tried, but he is speaking in a general way. But
does he give an instance, or do the public prints
give us an instance, if all this fraud and cor-
ruption is going on, of any public prosecution
and conviction, or trial and attempt to convict
an offender for these abuses? Here are your
penal statutes,which punish you, sir, and which
punish me if we violate the privilege, as it
is called, which the law gives us. There are
statutes xvhich punish the man who forges, or
steals, or misuses a frank in any form, whether
of a Senator or of a member of Congress, or
of the member of any Department, or post-
master ; and there are district attorneys, and
grand juries, and witnesses everywhere ready
to pursue people who commit frauds upon the
public of that kind, and yet the annals of the
country do not show any persistent or stead-
fast effort, or any effort at all on the part of
this Department, so far as I can learn, to put
down and punish this inroad upon the priv-
ileges of the people and the duties of its ser-
vants in carrying on its business.
Sir, what does that demonstrate? To my
mind it demonstrates that this notion of great
and enormous abuses must be largely imagin-
ary, because were it not so any executive offi-
cer whose duty it is to prosecute, as it is that
of the head of every Department, for frauds in
his Department would be guilty of a grave
dereliction of duty if he failed to bring offend-
ers to justice; and I think any Senator or
member of Congress would himself be guilty
of a grave dereliction of duty, and would be
careful to p.void it, if there came to his knowl-
edge any abuse of his frank which he did not
promptly communicate to the proper officers
for punishment.
I do not think that I am better than other
men ; and yet I feel pretty surp" I should do it.
The only instance that has ever occurred during
my public career, when I have been entitled to
a frank, of the misuse of my frank was one
that was stolen last winter out of my commit-
tee-room that had been addressed, and a com-
munication was put into it and came back
from the dead-letter office. T caused search
to be made, high and low, for the person in
whose supposed handwriting the envelope was
addressed to his correspondent; but that per-
son denied his handwriting, insisted that it
was not his, and there was no means of proving
it in that particular instance.
It may be it would be so in every case; but
it is a very queer crime, indeed, if there is no
possibility of getting hold of the people who
commit crimes of this character. It cannot be
so ; or if it were so, then what are you to do
in the case of the forgery of stamped envel-
opes? The clerks, as they say about these
handwritings, cannot stop to examine every
stamp on an envelope to see whether it is gen-
uine or forged. What are you going to do
about it? Are you going to abolish stamps
because there creeps in one in a thousand that
is a forged stamp, as there does, or a fraud-
ulent stamp that has been canceled, washed,
and put on again, more than one in a thousand;
ten times the amount that there is of forged or
misused franks; because a frank shows for
itself what it is upon the face of it. It cannot
be sold at a corner grocery, or put in anybody's
drawer as an object representing money; and
wherever it is passed everybody sees that it is
so; but a forged or altered or reused stamp
has not any such protection as that.
So that, if we are to abolish this system upon
the ground that it is open to abuse, as it is
unquestionably, we find ourselves committed
to the necessity of abolishing stamps and
stamped envelopes, abolishing the mails, be-
cause there is thievery in them ; or else we find
ourselves committed to the necessity of plun-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.'—No. 286.
ging in, as a substitute for this system, to the
taking up of stamps, to be supplied to all the
persons who transact Government business,
which represent money everywhere, which
have no ear-marks anywhere, andwhich, there-
fore, invite people who will be guilty of frauds
to a much larger and safer course of miscon-
duct than they can possibly have now.
There is another thing that I will mention.
I promised to be brief, and if I had not sup-
posed that this measure was to pass I should
not have said a word. But I do not wish to be
counted one of those who two or three years
hence will say they were deceived about trying
an experiment of this kind. There is another
thing about this subject that we ought not to
forget. The Postmaster General has not seen
fit to bring it to our attention, but undoubtedly
he knows it; and that is that in substance this
country has tried this very experiment once
before. In 1845 there was a hurrah in the
newspapers about the franking privilege, and
so Congress, in its wisdom, passed this act:
"That tlio twenty-seventh section of the act of
Congress entitled 'An act to reduce into one the sev-
eral acts tor establishing and regulating the Post
Officc Department,'approved and signed the 3d day
of March, in the year 1825, and all other acts and
parts of acts granting and conferring upon any per-
son whatsoever the right or privilege t'j receive and
transmit through the mail, free of postage, letters,
packets, newspapers, periodicals, or other matters,
be, and the samo are hereby, utterly abrogated and
repealed."
Mr. DRAKE. What is the date of that act?
Mr. EDMUNDS. March 3,1845. _ Then Con-
gress proceeded to provide a substitute in the
same act, because it knew the Government
could not get on a single day without something
which should provide for the transmission of
its communications from its subordinate offi-
cers to the head, and so back again; and it
knew as Congress knows, and as the head of
this Department knows at this moment, and
every other Department, that not a dollar of
money that is now in the Treasury under any
head of appropriation can be lawfully taken to
pay the postage on one of the letters coming
from these heads of Departments if we repeal
this franking privilege and make no other pro-
vision ; and any oilicer who should apply a
three cent stamp paid for by public money,
without you provide that money to-night to pay
postage on a public document which ho was
bound to send, would be guilty of a felony and
liable to be sent to the State's prison. To be
sure, you may say nobody would prosecute.
Probably not. But is it a good thing for the
people to cultivate before their eyes the dan-
gerous practice of taking money out of the
Treasury without authority of law? Of course
it is not. Nobody will justify that. Then what
did Congress provide? It provided in the next
section—-
"That from and after the passage of this act all
officers of lhe Government heretofore having the
franking privilege"—
That did not apply to members of Congress.
They were provided for in subsequent sections,
you will see—
"That from and after the passage of this act, all offi-
cers of the Government ol the United States lioreto-
lore hiirvmg the franking privilege, shall be author-
ized and required to keep an account of all postage
charged to and payable by them, respectively, upon
letters, packages, or otlier mullets received through
tile mail,touching the duties or business of their re-
upon
' all
tingent fund of the bureau or Department to which
the officers aforesaid may respectively belong or bo
attached."
Then it went on to provide that the Assist-
ant Postmaster General should be entitled still
to receive his packages and send them iree,
provided they were marked " on official busi-
ness.'' Then it provided—
" That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay, out of any money m the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the amount of postage
which may be chargeable to any ot the Executive
Departments or the bureaus thereof under the pro-
visions of the act passed at the present session of
Congress entitled'An act to reduce the rates ol
postage,'" &e.
They had forgotten that in the first act, and
passed another to supplement it apparently,
on the same day, unless there is a misuse of
words in this section. Possibly it may have
been the same act. That is not material.
After describing the title of the act, they say :
" The accounts for the same beingfirst audited and
allowed by the proper officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment, the amount thereof to be reported to Con-
gress at the next session."
There was an act by which all the Executive
Departments, excepting the head of the Post
Office Department, had the franking privilege,
as it is called, withdrawn from them, and there
was substituted for it, not the furnishing of
money to them which nobody dared to under-
take to do, to put into the hands of clerks to
be paid out in small sums and not accounted
for except in mass, but the keeping of an
account which should be, as is provided in
this statute, submitted quarterly on oath and
audited, and then paid at the Treasury.
How did it work ? Nohfidy has any difficulty
in finding out, if he will look at the two reports
of the Postmaster General, whichlhave before
me, during the two years that that was kept
in force. The Postmaster General said in his
report that there had been a remarkable increase
of expense and diminution of revenues; though
he attributed a large part of it to the reduction
of postage which had occurred at the same
time. He also added that there had been a
constant wrangling between the postmasters
in the various parts of the country and the offi-
cers receiving and sending letters on the ques-
tion of whether the officer was not bound to
pay his postage and then charge it to the Gov-
ernment and have it repaid to him, or whether
it was to be carried on tick and paid for at the
Treasury. They had had a great fuss about
that, but the practice under that head of the
affair had finally become settled, and that was
the tick practice, which was safer than the
money practice, as it was thought.
The next year he made another report on the
subject, which was pretty much the same thing,
and recommended, I believe—I am not sure ;
I have not looked at it for some time ; I will
not say recommended, because I do not remem-
ber certainly—but the consequence was that
on his report, made in December, 1846, in
March, 1847, Congress, having had two years
of experience of that kind, concluded to repeal
all the account-keeping part of the business,
as the practice had then become settled that
these officers should not pay, but should send,
and the Treasury should pay. They wiped out
by one stroke of the pen all that they had pro-
vided in lieu of the franking privilege, and
allowed the practice of sending official docu-
ments by official members of a Department to
go on just as it had before; and declared in
lieu of it that the sum of $200,000 a year—I
think that was the sum ; my friend from Min-
nesota will know if J am wrong; I will not take
time to recur to the precise sum—should be
paid into the Treasury for the benefit of the
Post Office Department as a subsidy, a com-
mutation so to speak, for the amount of exec-
utive documents and communications between
the various Departments of the Government
and its correspondence, in lieu of this machin-
ery of keepingaccountsand making payments
from one Department to the other.
There we have it, Mr. President. There we
have had a specimen of this system tried under
a, state of circumstances as favorable as pos-
sible to its success, of getting rid of the auto-
graph, which was the sign of the right of the
letter to go without the payment of money,
and taking up the system of accounts and pay-
ments from one Department to the other in
lieu of it, and it was found to so embarrass the
practice of the Government, to lead to so much
confusion in the accounts, to lead to so much
doubt as to the truth of the amount of money
that the officers stated they were entitled to
have allowed to them on account of the amount
of postage that they had incurred, that Con-
