1870:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1729
Secretary is not authorised, nor ia the Treas-
ury. under any existing law to Make any pay-
ment on account of them. The committee
taking the case into consideration felt that the
best way of adjusting the claim would be by
authorizing the Secretary of State to audit the
account and determine it on principles of jus-
tice and equity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hare no objection to
it, but I think it would be safer to put some
limit in, "not exceeding a certain amount."
I, of course, cannot fix it, because I do not
know anything about the claim.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it should not be
pat in for this reason: it was thought if a
gum was put in it might suggest that amount,
and it was deemed better to leave it absolutely !
to the discretion of the Secretary of State, who
is to act on the vouchers. It is a case of audit-
ing the vouchers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will
better to put in a maximum.
Mr. SUMNER. Then say " not to exceed
$3,000," if that be regarded as better. !
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is better. I
I should have confidence that the Secretary
of State would not allow $3,000 unless it was J
proper. j
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let that be
inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois will be
reported.
The Chief Cle&k. The amendment is after
the words " such Bum " to insert " not exceed-
ing $3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I supposed it was the gen-
eral understanding of the Senate that this even-
ingsession was to beconfined to the funding bill.
Mr. SUMNER. A few moments ago that was
considered and the Senator from Ohio stated
that he had objected to that understanding.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I thought that was the
understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we ought not to
take up any bill that there is any controversy
about, the Senate is so thin; but if no one is
ready to go on with the funding bill, if there
are any of these small matters that would not
be objected to, I do not see why we may not
dispose of them. I was not present when it is
said there was any understanding of the kind ;
but the Senator from Ohio who has charge of
the business of the evening did not so under-
stand it. I should be very sorry myself to take
part in anything that would violate any under-
standing of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there can
be any doubt about that. I objected to it on
the ground that it might induce persons to stay
away and not make a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that the agreement was entered
into; but the permanent Presiding Officer was
in the chair at the time.
Mr. RAMSEY. I apprehend if we take up
the bill abolishing the franking privilege we
shall have a quorum.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to introduce
a bill,
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be made the bill will be received.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 636) granting lands to the State of Minne-
sota to aid in the construction of a break-
water and a canal at the harbor of Duluth,
Lake Superior, in said State; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 109.
managwjs Of SOLDIERS' national agylom.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 140.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 140) appointing managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It appoints the
following persons managers of the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers under
the provisions of the second section of the act
approved March 28,1866: Lewis B. Gemokel
of Ohio, Jay Cook of Pennsylvania, and John
S. Oavender of Missouri, whose terms expire
on the 21st of April, 1870.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. One of the names in that
joint resolution is spelled incorrectly.- The
natae Lewis B. Gemckel should be -Lewis B.
Gunckel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be madfc.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
.time, and passed.
GETTYSBURG AND ANTIBTAM CEMETERIES.
Mr. WILSON. I now ask the Senate to take
up the joint resolution (S. R. No. 40) author-
izing the Secretary of War to take charge of
the Gettysburg and Antietam National Ceme-
teries.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read the second time, and copsidered as
in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of War to accept and take charge of
the Soldiers' National Cemetery at Gettysburg,
Pennsylvania, and the Antietam National Cem-
etery at Sharpsburg, Maryland, whenever the
commissioners and trustees having charge of
the cemeteries are ready to transfer their care
to the General Government; and when the
cemeteries are placed under the control of the
Secretary of War they are to be taken care
of and maintained in accordance with the pro-
visions of the act of Congress entitled "An
act to establish and protect national cemete-
ries," approved February 22, 1867.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
COMPANY B, TENTH INFANTRY.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House joint resolution No. 107.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 107)
authorizing the issue of blankets to enlisted
men of company B, tenth infantry, to replace
others destroyed by fire. It authorizes the
Secretary of War to cause to be issued forty-
five blankets to such enlisted men of company
B, tenth United States infantry, whose blankets
were destroyed or rendered worthless in the
extinguishment of a fire at Fort Snelling, Min-
nesota, on the 20th of December, 1868; and
such blankets are to be issued to the enlisted
men without cost to them.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
TUNNEL ACROSS TUB EAST IUVKR.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to call up Senate
bill No. 506, establishing certain post roads.
It is a very short bill, and will lead to no debate.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us finish the bills of
the Military Committee first.
Mr. RAMSEY. They have had a good deal
of time already. We have passed three or four
bills from that committee. I insist on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S.No. 506) establishingcertain
post roads. The bill proposes to give the con-
sent of Congress to the laying of tubes across
the East river from Brooklyn to New York,
and from the island of New York across the
waters of the Hudson or North river to the
New Jersey shore, in accordance with chapter
five hundred and fifty of the Laws of the State
of New York, passed May 2, 1868, and as
amended by chapter two hundred and fifty-three
of the Laws of the St^te of New York, passed
April 20,1869. When the tubes or tunnels, or
either of them, shall have been constructed and
ready for the transmission of mails and pas-
sengers they are to be taken and deemed to be
legal structures, and post roads for the trans-
mission of the mails of the United States.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment, to
add the following proviso:
Provided, That the said tunnel or tunnels shall bo
so constructed and built as not to obstruct or impair
the navigation of said rivers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that
there is any objection in the world to this bill,
but neither the Senators from New Jersey nor
the Senators from New York seem to be in
their seats, and it is a pretty important mat-
ter authorizing a tunnel across those rivers.
I suggest to the Senator from Minnesota
whether we had not better let the bill lie over
until those Senators come in.
Mr. RAMSEY. If any one objects to it I
will not press it; but the amendment now
pending certainly guards against the possibility
of mischief.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do those Senators know
of the bill ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Fenton] introduced the bill, and it
has been considered by the committee in full
session, and by them reported. Still, if the
Senator desires it to pass over I shall not object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the chairman of the Post Office Committee
that this proviso about not interfering with the
navigation of the rivers ought to be submitted
to the discretion of the Secretary of War or
some officer of the Government before the
structure is legalized.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let the bill be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid aside.
ROCK ISLAND SOLDIERS' MONUMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 195.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 195) to authorize the
Secretary of War to place at the disposal of the
Soldiers' Monument Committee, ofRocklsland
county, Illinois, certain condemned ordnance.
It directs the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the Soldiers' Monument Committee
at Rock Island, Illinois, twelve pieces of con-
demned ordnance from the arsenal of Rock
Island, for the purpose of completing the sol-
diers' monument apd appuHenances at the city
ofRocklsland.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs the character of this con-
demned ordnance. We have passed from time
to time a great many bills donating ordnance
that we captured from the enemy, or ordnance
that was of no further use to the Government,
for various monumental purposes. It would
seem that this store of ordnance must be inex-
haustible if we have got enough to supply all
the demand. It strikes me that we are throw-
ing this material away to be repurchased again
after some short interval at very greatly in-
creased cost. I very much doubt the economy
of our giving away all the raw material we have
for the manufacture or remanufacture of ord-
nance.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that this cem-
etery is situated near Rock Island, and we have
at Rock Island agreat quantity of this ordnance.
We endeavored recently to sell some of it, but
could not get the offer of a cent a pound for it.
