1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ri5
Lows of the United States.
41st Coxg....2d Sess.
For a spindle or beacon off the reef near
the Norwalk Island, Connecticut, one thou-
sand dollars.
For beacon-light at Pere Marquette harbor,
Lake Michigan, six thousand dollars.
For beacon-light at Black Lake harbor,
Michigan, six thousand dollars.
For beacon at Saint Joseph, (on the pier.)
Lake Michigan, three thousand dollars.
For range-light at North Bay, Lake Mich-
igan, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For day beacon on Whale's Back reef,
Green bay .Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Round Island
light-station, eight thousand dollars.
For rebuilding Point Iroquois light-station,
Lake Superior, eighteen thousand dollars.
_ For ra^ge-lights at the entrance of Saginaw
river, Michigan, twelve thousand dollars.
For a lake coast light-house at Presque
lie, Lake Huron, twenty-eight thousand dol-
lars, in addition to former appropriations for
rebuilding keeper's dwelling.
For continuing the construction of a light-
house on Spectacle reef, Lake Huron, one hun-
dred thousand dollars, in addition to former
appropriations.
For improvements at South Mauitou light-
station, Lake Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations of Bagle Har-
bor light-station, Lake Superior, fourteen thou-
sand dollars.
For light-house and fog-signal at Point
Reyes, California, forty-five thousand dollars,
in addition to former appropriations.
For building a light-house at or near the
mouth of the Oak Orchard creek, on the
southern shore of Lake Ontario, New York,
twenty thousand dollars.
For two harbor range-lights to mark the
entrance to Aquina bay, Oregon, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
To establish a light to mark the pier at the
harbor of Plymouth, Duxbury, and Kingston,
in the State of Massachusetts, seventeen thou-
sand nine hundred and thirty-one dollars and
forty-three cents.
For a new light-house at PuntaArenas, Cal-
ifornia, in addition to former appropriations,
twenty thousand dollars.
For a new light-house at Cape Blanco, Ore-
gon, in addition to former appropriations,
twenty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding a first-class light-house at
Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, in addition to
former appropriations, fifty-two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For a beacon on White rock, Wickford har-
bor, Rhode Island, six thousand dollars.
For Light House Repairs.
In the third district:
For repairs and renovations at Poplar Point,
Watch Hill, Gardner's Island, and Horton's
Point light station, twelve thousand three hun-
dred dollars.
For repairs and renovations at North Dump-
ling light station, fifteen thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Falkner's
Island light-station, eight thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For repairs and renovations a* the New
Haven light-station, four thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
In the tenth district:
For repairs and renovations at Ogdensburg
light-station, thirteen thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Horse Island
light-station, twelve thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Big Sodus
light-station, fourteen thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Stoney Point
light station, Lake Ontario, thirteen thousand
dollars.
In the eleventh district:
For repairs at Beaver Island, PortDuMort,
Sheybogau, and other light-stations, three
thousand dollars.
In the thirteenth district:
For light-house and buoy-tender for the
thirteenth district, ninety thousand dollars.
armories and arsenals.
For repairs and improvements at Springfield
armory, Massachusetts, eleven thousand four
hundred dollars.
For continuing the development of water-
power at Rock Island armory and arsenal, two
hundred thousand dollars.
For completing workshops numbers one and
two at the same, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For macadamizing its main avenues and
streets, five thousand dollars.
For repairing quarters at the same, five
thousand dollars.
For Allegheny arsenal, for one half the cost
of grading, curbing, and paving Thirty-Ninth
and Fortieth streets, from Butler street to
Allegheny Valley railroad, seven thousand six
hundred and twelve dollars and fifty-five cents.
For Benicia arsenal, for repairs of buildings
and grounds, three thousand dollars.
For Columbus arsenal, for grading, making
roads and drains, five thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe arsenal, for painting and
repairing, one thousand dollars.
For Indianapolis arsenal, forpreservation of
buildings and grounds, two thousand dollars.
For Leavenworth arsenal, for repairs of
building, streets, and walks, one thousand dol-
lars.
For San Antonio arsenal, for repairs of offi-
cers' quarters, office, and painting fences and
roofs, five hundred dollars.
For Vancouver arsenal, for repairs of build-
ings, fences, and walks, five hundred dollars.
For Watervliet arsenal, to complete the old
wharf to the prescribed wharf line and connect
it with the new work, and to complete the fill-
ing in behind the new wharf, ten thousand dol-
lars; and for removing and replacing the
present overshot water-wheel by a turbine, two
thousand live hundred dollars; and for floor-
ing in new shop for wood machine, four hun-
dred dollars.
For_Waterlown arsenal, for repairs at the
post, three thousand dollars.
For contingencies at all the arsenals, five
thousand dollars.
For the survey of northern and northwestern
lakes, one hundred thousand dollars.
For continuing the construction of Rock
Island bridge, three hundred thousand dollars.
For examinations and surveys on western
and northwestern rivers, fifty thousand dollars.
PUBLIC WOKKS IS AND AltO CND WASHINGTON.
For repairs, care, and improvement of pub-
lic buildings, grounds, and works in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, under the direction of the
chief engineer of the Army, viz:
For casual repairs of the navy-yard and
upper bridges, sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fuel for the President's House, five thou-
sand dollars.
For repairs and refurnishing the President's
House, fifteen thousand dollars.
For public reservation number two and
Lafayette square, two thousand dollars.
For care and improvement of grounds south
of the President's House, two thousand dollars.
For removing snow and ice from pavements
and public walks, five hundred dollars.
For manure, and hauling the same to public
grounds and reservations, five hundred dollars.
For improvement and care of reservations
on New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Mas-
sachusetts, Vermont, Connecticut, and other
avenues, three thousand dollars.
For painting iron fences around Lafayette
square, in front of War and Navy Departments,
and Judiciary square, three thousand dollars.
For inclosing, paving, and improving the cir-
cle at the intersection of Vermont and Massa-
chusetts avenues, eleven thousand one hundred
and twenty-four dollars.
For an iron fence, and paving and improv-
ing around Franklin square, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For annual repairs, and repainting the exte-
rior of the President's House, ten thousand
dollars.
For flower-pots, mats, and twine, one thou-
sand dollars.
For fuel for center building of the Capitol,
five hundred dollars.
For enlarging the shafts of escape for the
impure air of the Senate Chamber, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For propagating house for the use of the
public grounds, under public gardener, three
thousand dollars.
For hire of carts on public grounds, three
thousand dollars.
For hire of three horses and carts in the
public grounds, fifty cents per day additional
each, five hundred dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools for public
grounds, one thousand dollars.
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to
whitewash tree-boxes, and so forth, two thou-
sand dollars.
For annual repairsof feneesaround reserva-
tions, two thousand dollars.
For cleaning out sewer-traps along Penn-
sylvania avenue, five hundred dollars.
For lighting President's House, Capitol, and
public grounds, forty thousand dollars.
For pay of lamp-lighters, plumbing, and
gas-fitting, five thousand dollars.
For contingencies of office of public build-
ings, one thousand dollars.
For expenses to be incurred in the improve-
ments of streets, avenues, and alleys, passing
by or through the property of the United States,
and to abate nuisances, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For improvement and care of seats and
fountains in the Capitol grounds, one thou-
sand dollars.
For construction of circular fence around
and through the President's grounds to Seven-
teenth street, including foundation walls, curb-
ing, flagging, and iron fencing, ten thousand
dollars.
For additional repairs to the greenhouse at
the President's House, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For repairs of the greenhouses at the Prop-
agating Garden, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For taking out private stairway leading from
law library to Supreme Court room, and fitting
up the rooms thus made with shelving for
| library, two thousand dollars.
j Washington Aqueduct.
j For the completion of the Washington aque-
; duct, except coping and covering of bridges ;
j for rent and purchase of five and forty-four
; one hundre[d]ths acres of land, one thousand
i three hundred and twenty dollars.
' For purchase of roadway from. Great Falls
to conduit road, two and thiee tenths miles,
eighteen and four tenths acres, one thousand
and twelve dollars.
For purchase of roadway across land owned
by William Brooke, five hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For rent and purchase of land at High Ser-
vice reservoir, Georgetown, three thousand
three hundred dollars.
For rent and purchase of land at bridge num-
ber six, in Georgetown, two thousand six hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For clearing out obstructions near the dam
