1870.
THE COJSTGKESSICXN'AL GLOBE.
5505
policy which I felt it my duty, at a very early
moment, as soon as it showed itself, to oppose,
on this floor and elsewhere. I consider that
these appointments were a part of that policy;
and when at an early stage an effort was made
to obtain payment for these accounts it was
discountenanced generally in this Chamber;
it found very little favor. But it has been
renewed session after session, and then session
after session ; and now again it shows itself.
It seems that on a former occasion, when it
was ruled on to the appropriation bill, never-
theless it did not prevail, but on its merits it
was voted down at that time. That was in 1867.
1 hope, however, that it will not be ruled on the
bill. I trust that the Senate will follow the
excellent ruling of the Vice President at an
earlier part of the evening, when he ruled that
this claim could not be moved on an appropria-
tion bill. It is the same now as it was then ; I
mean in substance, in reality, and if the Vice
President was right then, as I insist he was,
you will be right in following him at that time ;
and in declaring that this shall not be moved
on the appropriation bill.
Mr. THAYER. I understand the Chair to
found his present ruling upon a former decision
of the Senate, not upon his own view of the
matter, and if we now refuse to sustain the
decision of the Chair pro forma we reverse the
former ruling of the Senate. That I under- j
stand to be the condition of affairs. j
The VICEPRKS1DENT. ThoChairdecides j
that parliamentary law is made by the body of j
the Senate, the same as their other rules; and 1
the Chair, in making the last decision, has j
simply administered the rules which he is re- j
quired by his official position to do. There I
are a great many rules of parliamentary lav/- j
which the Cha<r does not believe to be just or j
wise ; but he administers them. One of them j
is that you cannot lay an amendment on the I
table without affecting the bill. Though it has [
been so ruled for seven-hundred years, the >
Chair has never seen the propriety or wisdom
of it; but he rules it, as all presiding officers
do, because it is parliamentary law. The ;
Chair rules that this is the parliamentary law '
of the Senate, having the'same binding force ;
on him as the express rules of the body, ft
has been so decided, and therefore this is not
a pro forma appeal. The, Chair administers
this decision as he administers the rules of the ,
Senate.
Mr. THAYEU. The Chair is simply carry- \
iii'V out a former decision of the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; all
decisions on appeal by yeas and nays are re-
garded as the parliamentary law of the body
and the question now is, Shall the ueetsion oi
the Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. May'I say simply that ;
if this was a question of sustaining the decis-
ion of the Chair it would present itself in one
aspect; but this is a question of sustaining the
Senate three or four years ago, when it made
a mistake, and on a different question? Now,
1 will ask the Chair, when the Senate has
decided two different ways on the same ques-
tion, which is the parliamentary law?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
the same conflict there would be between two
judicial decisions by the Supreme Court of
the United States of a different character.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care to illustrate
it here, but 1 can show where the^Senate itself
has decided the same question of oider in two
different ways. In that event, which would be
the law?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
this is the parliamentary law. In the first place,
the Committee on finance at that time pre-
sented through the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] this amendment, believing itto bo in
order ; itVas ruled to be in order; an appeal
was taken from the decision, and the Chair was
sustained. So it was decided not only by the
4 1st Coxa. 2d Skss.—No. 3-15.
President pro tempore of the Senate, Mr. Fos-
ter, but also by the Senate, to be in order. This
triple decision the Chair affirms. That is the
decision appealed from.
Mr. POMEROY. I see that I voted against
the decision of the Chair then, and I am going
to vote against it now.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have not been in my place
during all this debate ; but if I understand it,
this is the true state of the case: the Chair
gave us its own judgment in the first place, and
ruled the amendment out of order 
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. That was on a
different amendment entirely, as to language.
The amendment which the Chair decided not
to be in order was one which stated explicitly
on its face that certain persons who had refused
to take the oath of office prescribed by the act
of July 2, 1802, should be paid. The present
amendment, which was ruled to be in order in
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, simply provides that
persons who were engaged in collecting the rev-
enue in the rebel States in 1865 and 180G shall
be paid for their services, presenting a differ-
ent point.
Mr. HAMLIN. The phraseology of the thing
has been changed ; its substance is the same.
Now, the Chair having given to us its original
opinion upon the prior amendment, and the
amendment in my judgment remaining the
same, 1 shall vote to sustain the judgment of
the Chair. The Chair finds that the Senate
had in another case ruled another amendment
very similar to this to be in order, and henee
very properly, as the Presiding Officer of the
Senate, in accordance with his duty, he rules
this to be in order. I shall vote to sustain
what I understand to be the opinion of the
Chair, and not the opinion of the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina has spoken twice on this
subject; and under the rule, which the Chair
has been requested to enforce, he can only
proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
Mr. WARNER. I do not think the Senator
from Maine [Mr. IIamlixJ states quite fairly
the position of the Chair. I understand the
Chair to say very distinctly that his decision is,
in his judgment, in accordance with parliament-
ary law, and it is not as the Senator from Maine
has explained.
Mr. HAMLIN. Precisely, because it is par-
liamentary law to rule where the Senate has
given him an authority upon which to rule;
otherwise ho would be guided by his own
judgment.
Mr. WARNER. Very well. The Chair has
already stated that deliberative bodies make
their own parliamentary law, and that the pre-
cedents in this ease hove made tiie law, and
therefore ho follows it, as ho follows it in all
other cases. lie does not undertake to decide
upon the rightfulness of the law. In the very
case he quoted he says it has been settled for
seven hundred years that a motion to lay an
amendment on the table, if successful, lays the
bill on the table. The Chair follows that, but
he does not therefore say that it is right. The
Chair is as distinct and positive in his ruling
that this is in order, m accordance with parlia-
mentary law, as he would be in holding that a
motion to lay an amendment on the table would
carry the bill, because it is consistent with the
i former rulings and with the law.
As this discussion has extended to the merits
1 of the question, I will say a word further. I
; think that if theie is a case of equity where
j the Government is in good faith and in coai-
i mon honesty bound to pay men it is the case
; of these officers. I submit whether men re-
! cciving commissions from the President of the
! United States, confirmed by the Senate of the
| United States, were not justified in thinking
: they had a right to act. as was the case with
i some of these men? They have collected the
I revenues : the revenues have been paid into
the Treasury; the Government has derived
the -whole benefit from their services, and as
the Senator from South Carolina well saids
for an individual to accept the service of an-
other and then upon a mere technicality of
law, even if it existed, to refuse payment for
that service would brand a man as something
not quite honest. That is, in the worst pos-
sible phase of the case, just this case exactly.
These officers were recognized as officers of
the law, and I presume no Senator will claim
here that the Government should go on and
again collect these taxes. Nobody will deny
that the receipt of a citizen of South Caro-
lina for taxes paid to one of these officers was
a complete estoppel against the Government
from claiming those taxes again. Payment to
the officer was, of course, payment to the
Government. Now, for the Government to
avail itself of any mere technicality to refuse
payment to these men I think would be as
dishonorable as it wou'd for an individual to
avoid an honorable agreement to pay eight
per cent, interest upon a note when the law
would only allow the collection of six.
Mr. TIIURMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish I could
appeal to my honorable friend to allow us to
take a vote. Wo have spent two hours on this
proposition.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I have not consumed a
minute.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. _ I hope I shall be
allowed a vote. Fresh recruits cotne into the
Chamber; as often as one set gets exhausted
in comes a fresh set, and God only knows
when this will end! My honorable friend has
been out and come in fresh, head up, ready
for a night's cruise. [Laughter.] ITere we are .
within forty-eight hours of an adjournment,
with half your appropriation bills unfinished ;
but the lawyers have got a rich nut to crack
now, and each gentleman is ready for a cam-
paign for the night. [Laughter.]
Mr. TIIURMAN. My friend has taken up
just about as much time as I should have done.
As to my being fresh, I have been out on a
committee of conference at work as hard as he
has been working here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I missed the
honorable Senator. That is all I can aay.
Mr. THURMAN. I have only one sugges-
tion to make, and that is that this rule can-
not have application to such an amendment
as this. W hat is the rule? " No amendment
shall be received whose object is to provide
for a private claim, unless it be to carry out
the provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation." Surely that can have no appli-
cation to an amendment which provides for
paying a class of officers. Look at, this bill,
on page 3: "for pay of officers and pilots,
$408,000; for rations for officers and pilots;"
and the like. Here in this bill you provide
for the payment of officers; and this rule,
which is intended to prohibit merely private
claims, cannot certainly have reference to an
amendment which provides for the payment
of a class of officers. That is the way it strikes
me.
Mr. HOWELL. As we are settling a great
principle of parliamentary law, and we are all
] on an equality here in regard to this matter, I
II propose to say a few words before this question
is put by the Chair.
I think, so far as I am able to comprehend
i it, there is no difference under the circum-
; stances between the amendment first offered
,i to-night and tiie amendment last offered.
- Whatever the difference in the phraseology may
,' be, there is no difference in the fact that it is
;; the same amendment for the same purpose;
I, and as courts of law are bound to take notice
,1 of the history of the country and of the worid,
I' as they are bound to take notice of what
i! takes place in their presence and before them,
'I the Senate of the United States and the Pres-
II ident of the Senate cannot shut their eyes
!l to the facts that occur here and the conver-
