1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26^5
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is an item
of $3,000, the last one, which was for an omis-
sion on the House side for expenditures for
contingent expenses of the House. There is
nothing beyond that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I of course do not wish
to occupy time about this matter, and shall
not; but so far as this report embraces subjects
that were not open to dissent and difference
between the two Houses I wish, for one, to ex-
press my dissent to it. It is of no practical
importance on this bill probably, but 1 cer-
tainly think it a very bad practice, and one not
warranted by parliamentary propriety or pub-
lic security, for a committee of conference to
depart from the differences between the two
Houses, to undertake to put into a conference
report matters that had not previously been
considered and been the subject of separate
and independent action by the two Houses. I
think my friend will agree with me as to the pro-
priety of that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do entirely
concur with the Senator.
The report was agreed to.
STATE 0? GEORGIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Williams, which was to
strike out all between the word "officer," in
the twelfth line, and the word •' provided," in
the eighteenth line, as follows:
Nor to deprive the people of Georgia of the right,
under their constitution, to elect Senators and Rep-
resentatives ot the State of Georgia in the year 1870;
but said election shall be held in the year 1870, either
on the day named in said constitution of said State
or such other day us the present Legislature may
designate by law.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Provided further, That the next election for mem-
bers of tho General Assembly of said State shall bo
held on the Tuesday after the first Monday of Novem-
ber, A. I>. 1872, and the last clause of the second
subdivision of tho first section of tho third article
of said constitution, in the following words: "The
General Assembly may. by law, change tho time of
election, and the members shall hold until their suc-
cessors are elected and qualified," shall never be by
any Legislature exercised so as to extend the term
of any office beyond the regular period named in the
said constitution: and the said General Assembly
shall, by joint resolution, consent to this proviso as
a fundamental condition before this act shall take
effect.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it has
been so long since we had this amendment
before us for consideration that I think I may
be excused for occupying a few moments in
talking about it and the questions that neces-
sarily grow out of it. Since my friend from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] spoke on the subject—
and he will pardon me if I say that his speech
was not altogether devoted to liis am endmen t—
we have not heard of it at all. We have had
this morning a very elaborate and a very able
and painstaking speech from our distinguished
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] which did
not seem to apply to this amendment; and the
Senate may have forgotten what the subject is
that we are called upon to decide.
Before Italk abouttheainendment, however,
I think it right to say that in a large part of
what my friend from Indiana has said I agree
with him. There is great disturbance in the
southern States. There has been. There has
been in Georgia particularly, which is the sub-
ject we now have in hand. And in my humble
way. though I do not claim any patent of pre-
cedence, to the extent of my small ability I
have been trying for two years to have Con-
gress act on that question ; and I have called
the attention of the Senate to many, and I
think I am safe in saying more factyn respect
to the state of public disturbances m Georgia
than my friend from Indiana has, reading from
many of the same authorities ; and to borrow
an expressive word from him, 1 have implored
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. ICS.
Congress to pass a law which would take hold
of and dispose of that turbulence and violence
by the only method in which, so far as Iunder-
stand, Congress can either lawfully or effect-
ually do it. To that end 1 have introduced a
bill, perhaps two bills, that the Senate never has
acted upon.
There is no question, then, about the exist-
ence of those facts in my mind 5 on this side
of the Chamber it is scarcely disputed at all.
But with the whole military power of the
United States at hand in Georgia, with a patri-
otic and a friendly President, with the whole
executive power of the State of Georgia at
hand, with a patriotic and energetic Governor,
with a state of law in Georgia standing on the
statute-book that punishes crime, with a con-
stitution that authorizes the executive to exer-
cise almost dictatorial powers in case of neces-
sity, with the judiciary of Georgia in the hands
of the Executive of his own appointment, with
all the arms of justice and of executive power
ready to be applied to one of these cases, with
what I must suppose to bo a chivalrous and
brave people who understand the constitutional
right of self-defense, it is a matter of a little
surprise to me that the panacea, the cure, the
remedy for all these outrages resolves itself in
the mind of my friend from Indiana, and I do
not know but of my friend from Oregon, into
the simple proposition that these two hundred
and thirty men, or whatever the number may
be, who now compose the Legislature of Geor-
gia, shall hold office for four years from the
time they were elected instead of two. That
is going to stop murder; that is going to
cure public evils; that is going to give some
nerve to the judiciary department; that is
going to bring the Executive to a sense of his
responsibilities and his duties, and put down
violence by the only method it ever can be put
down, by violence in the other aide, which is
perfectly lawful violence, too, whether it is
under the form of law or not; because we all
agree that a man or a community has a right
to defend itself against this sort of thing that
has been named, and that it may be justly sus-
pected of pusillanimity if it does not do it.
Now, I ask Senators to pause on this busi-
ness. Here we have these frightful outrages.
Here we have the armies of the United States
and the Governor of Georgia and the whole of
his executive power and a people behind him
to tho number of one hundred thousand or
more who are our friends, who are the victims
one by one of these outrages, who seem to have
folded up their arms and suffered in absolute
silence without any retaliation or effort at self-
protection, except to blindly ask Congress to
extend the term of office of two hundred legis-
lators for a couple of years. Do not the laws
of Georgia now provide for the punishment of
crime ? Everybody agrees that they do. They
are as complete as any laws need to be. Do
not the laws of Georgia provide for sheriffs?
Certainly they do, and there they are. The
Governor has a right to thejposse comitatus in
each county; he has a right to call on the
whole power of tho State and of the United
States in a legitimate and lawful way, and why
has he not done it? Why have not the people
of Georgia shown some spirit about this mat-
ter and defended themselves ? Why have they
not retaliated? If masked and disguised men
have entered their homes and murdered them,
as they have, why have they not exercised the
spirit that ought to be exercised by a free peo-
ple who deserve to live, and taken life for
life, and put down disturbance by a reaction ?
Everybody would uphold them in it. No
bands of this character long exist in any of the
northern or western States. They sometimes
get up in a particular county and for a little
while ; but the law and order men, the people
who are the sufferers, the victims of this sort
of violence, organize themselves into upholders
of the law, and masked assassins disappear off
the face of the earth rapidly, as they ought to
do; and all the world says amen.
But we are not to do this. The people of
Georgia are not to be asked to do anything to
take care of themselves; the army of the
United States which is kept there is not to put
martial law in force, hang up these men as
they can be caught, or shoot them when they
cannot catch them; but you are to cure all
this evil by the simple and silent force of de-
claring in two lines that Tom, Dick, and Harry,
who have been elected to the Legislature of
that State, or not elected, as some of them
were not, shall hold for two years more.
I am bound to say, Mr. President, that in
my judgment that is a "most lame and impo-
tent conclusion," and it will turn out so. All
the legislating in the world in the State of
Georgia will not be worth the paper that it is
written upon to redress these outrages. It is
action, it is executive action, not legislative
action, that is to redress these outrages ; and
it is executive action which is to bo carried on
through and upheld by the brave men of that
State, if there are any brave men there, which
I begin to doubt by their conduct, who shall
carry out executive orders and executive force,
and then these disturbances will disappear. It
is not entirely the Legislature of Arkansas, I
suspect—referring to that illustration of my
friend from Indiana—that has restored that
State to order. It has been the clear heads
and the brave hands of the freemen there
who had the courage and the spirit to defend
themselves, and when they were attacked to
retaliate. That is what they ought to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend as to a question of fact which is import-
ant in this connection. Iam not able to answer
it from what I have seen. Was there any diffi-
culty in the way of the Legislature of Georgia,
when it was reorganized recently, passing a
militia law to protect the loyal people there
against this violence?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not remember that
there was.
Mr. SHERMAN. Was there any movement
made in that direction? ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not remember that
there was.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to say a word
here in reference to that, if the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont will permit me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is for the purpose
of saying a word I will not give way; if for
the purpose of asking a question, I will yield.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to answer the ques-
tion which the Senator from Ohio 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not give way for that
purpose.
Mr. DRAKE. The answer is very plain.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I dare say it is; no an-
swer that my friend from Missouri ever makes
fails to be very plain; but he will have a good
opportunity to make it after I shall have taken
my seat.
As I was saying, Mr. President, this does
not depend upon legislative action at all, be-
cause anybody who has lived in any free State
knows perfectly well that if there is not any
militia law on the statute-book providing for
an organized militia every community has a
perfect right, a lawful right, a constitutional
right, to protect itself against illegal violence.
Does anybody dispute that? Of course not.
It cannot be disputed. If I see a man dis-
guised coming along the street toward my house
with arms in his hands, or without them, and
I have just ground to suppose that he intends
to murder me, my community would justify
me, and so would the law justify me, in slay-
ing him before he did slay me; and I should
be very sorry to live in a community that would
not uphold order in that way. The trouble is
not in the want of an army or of militia in the
State of Georgia. It is in the want of the
people of Georgia and the military command-
ers and officers in charge there having carried
out the plain provisions of law that did exist
and have existed since Georgia was conquered
at the end of the rebellion for the suppression
