1730
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But when we
want to buy it we shall have to pay three or
four times that amount.
Mr. WILSON. This is old iron. They have
the cemetery there andhave built a monument
recently, costing several thousand dollars, and
they desire a few of these old cannon for the
purpose of placing them around it. The mate-
rial is there and it is almost worthless. I hope
there will be no objection to the bill. We have
got an immense abundance of this ordnance on
hand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state, for the in-
formation of the Senator from Vermont and
the Senate, that the member representing that
district in the other House came to me and
spoke to me in regard to this very measure.
The citizens there have erected a very fine
monument at the town of Rock Island. Our
arsenal is on the island of Rock Island, right
adjoining, and there is there, as he informs me,
a very large amount of damaged cannon. It
has once been advertised for sale, and I under-
stand him to say that the highest bid was only
half a cent a pound.
Mr. WILSON. Less than a cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. General Rodman has
been consulted in regard to this measure.
There is no use that can be made of this ord-
nance there, and it is very desirable to have a
few of these cannon placed around the monu-
ment which has been erected at Rock Island.
It is no expense to the Government. These
cannon are lying there worthless on the island
of Rock Island. I
Mr. WARNER. I take it for granted from
the price stated that these are iron guns. |
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume so. My in- i
formation in regard to the guns is derived from
the member from the district. I understand
the War Department have been consulted about
this also, and they say there is no use for these
cannon. I suppose they might be worth some-
thing for old iron if they were in 9 location
where they could be used; but probably there
is no demand for them there.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to
this particular appropriation. I think it is
probably the best way in which we can show
our appreciation of the services of our soldiers.
But when we are told that the officers are not
able to get a cent a pound for this ordnance I
will only say that I should like to buy all they
have got to sell, as a matter of speculation, at
that price. It is better than pig-iron, and it
costs thirty-nine dollars a ton to make pig-
iron. This would be only twenty dollars a ton
at a cent a pound, I believe; and I do not
know how I .could make as much money in a
short time in any other way as by running
around the country and buying up all the old
cannon at a cent a pound.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That might be so if it
cost nothing to transport it; but you have got
to get these old guns where you want them. It
would cost more, probably, to go there and get
them and bring them to a place where you
could use them.
Mr. CAMERON. As 1 said,before, lam
perfectly willing that these people shall have
the old guns; but when we ate doing that, I
want it to be understood that I know how
much they are worth. If we make them a
present they ought to appreciate it. Do not
let it be saia that we give them that which is
of no account to the Government or anybody
else. I do not like to vote for a proposition
of this sort on that ground. I am perfectly
willing that they shall take the guns and make
monuments of them if they like. This whole
arsenal at Rock Island is one of the grandest
compliments to a President of the United
States, coming from a particular State, that
lias ever been paid to anybody. They made
us believe that we could not get to the island
without a bridge which would accommodate a
railroad, as well ag passengers, horses, wagons,
&c., for workmen to cross to get peanuts in
Iowa.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Government only
pays half of it.
Mr. CAMERON. We have paid $1,500,000
for the bridge already, and probably by the
time it is done we shall pay another million
and a half. I cannot tell how many million
we have paid for sea-walls around that Rock
Island in the Mississippi river. I think we
| may as well give them all the guns they can
get to make a monument with besides.
Mr. MORRILL, of. Vermont. I suggest to
the chairman of the Military Committee to
insert before the word "ordnance" the word
"iron." The bill proposes to give twelve
pieces of ordnance. I suppose they would
weigh about ten tons apiece.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ten tons apiece !
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 Buppose so.
I presume they are large pieces.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They do not want any
such guns as those to place around the monu-
ment. This ia a House bill, and I hope
the Senator will not move to amend it. The
War Department are not compelled to give
the ordnance. They will only give such as'
they think proper to give.
Mr. SHERMAN. I sympathize with the
remark of the Senator from Pennsylvania. I
do not want anybody to understand that pig-
iron is worth less than thirty-five dollars a ton
anywhere west of the mountains. The idea of
this iron being worth only a cent a pound is
extraordinary. It is worth that in Wales. |
Pig-iron is worth thirty-four dollars a ton, and 1
surely this iron must be worth more than thirty- I
four dollars a ton. But I presume the pieces !
will not weigh more than a ton, probably.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then they '
mast be small.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume they are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont move an amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
not press his amendment. This is a House
bill.
Mr. MORRILL,- of Vermont. I will not
insist upon it unless somebody else does.
The bill was reported to the Senate withont
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MAJOIt J. W. NICHOLS.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 400, for the relief of Major J. W. Nichols,
paymaster United States Army.
Mr. WILSON. I think that will lead to
debate.
Mr. ABBOTT. I understand the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] withdraws his
objection to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the bill indicated by the Senator
from North Carolina will be proceeded with as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall not take up
any bill that there is any doubt about.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts object?
Mr. WILSON. I do not object to it. The
other day when the bill was up the Senator from
Wisconsin made an objection, but I am now
informed that he has withdrawn it. I think,
situated as we are here to-night, we ought not
to pass any bill about which there is any doubt.
Mr. ABBOTT. Do I understand the chair-
man of the committee to object?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, I do not.
Mr. ABBOTT. If there is any doubt about
it, I will not press it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn. j
(JENERAL CHAKLES F. SMITH.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to take up a bill
which was reported unanimously a couple of
weeks ago from the Committee on Military
Affairs, for the relief of the daughters of Gen-
eral Charles F. Smith, a man who died from
wounds received in one of the great battles in
the West; one of the most distinguished sol-
diers of the war, known to everybody in the
country I believe. There is a report accom-
panying the bill which I shall ask to have read
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection the Chair will entertain the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 102) for the relief of
the daughters of General Charles F. Smith, de-
ceased. Thebillisadirectionto tbeSecretary of
the Treasury to pay to Fanny M. Smith $5,000,
to be held by her, one moiety for her own use
and the other moiety in trust for the use of her
minor sister, Henrietta L. Smith, they being the
two daughters of General Charles F. Smith,
deceased; this sum to be in full payment for
the extraordinary services, extraneous to his
professional duties, performed by him as pre-
siding officer of the board for the examination
of claims for funds advanced and supplies fur-
nished or taken for the use of the volunteers
serving under the command of Captain John C.
Fr6mont, in California, during the year 1846,
organized under the order of the Secretary of
War, September 6, 1852, and dissolved in
April, 1855.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that
case ?
Mr. CAMERON. There is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear the report
read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. Cameron on the 14th of E'ebruary:
I The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
■ referred Senate bill No. 102, "for the relief of the
(laughters of General Charles F. Smith, deceased,"
report:
That, under the act of Congress passed Maroh 3,
1855, the Secretary of War was authorized to appoint
three disinterested arid competent officers of tlio
Army to examine and report to Congress uponcleims
for funds advanced and subsistence and supplies fur-
nished or taken by the volunteers serving under
Captain John C. Frfimont in California, in the year
1846. ( Vide Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p. 638.)
Under this law brevet Lieutenant Colonel Charles
F. Smith, second artillery, was appointed one of the
threecommissioners, and by virtue of his brevet rank
became president of the board.
The board was organized September 13,1852, and
held its meetings in Washington city from that date
continuously until April, 1855, when it was dissolved
by act of Congress, passed March 3,1855.
A large number of eases were considered and much
business transacted by the board, as appears by the
four reports made by it to the Secretary of War, and
the Bervice3 so rendered were valuable and import-
ant, requiring great care and intelligence, with equal
integrity.
As presiding officer of the board Colonel Smith had
the " laboring oar " in the performance of the duties,
and was so occupied for the period of two years and
seven months.
Baring all this time he was compelled to live in
Washington, and support his family upon the j>ay
of his lineal rank, that of captain, amounting, with
rations, &c., to $1,324 per annum.
The duties he was thus performing were entirely
extraneous to his professional line of duty, and were
rendered under the provisions of law, directing him.
" acompetent and disinterested officer of the Army,"
to abandon his line of accustomed duty for the exer-
cise of judicial functions in civil employment.
When this board of officers was dissolved by law in
April, 1855, it was proposed to continue the examin-
ation and allowance of the claims referred to in the
act by another board of commissioners, to be ap-
pointed from civil life, and a salary of $5,000 per
anjnm was proposed as proper compensation.
The Army bill of 1864, which passed the Senate and
likewise the House of Representatives sitting in
Committee of the Whole, but was rejeoted by the
House on the last night of the session, appropriated
salaries of $3,000 per annnm to the commissioners of
these claims; but this provision failed, because the
Court of Claims, then recently established, was con-
sidered to have proper cognizance of the matter.
_ Colonel Smith at once went on duty on the fron-
tier, and so remained in active service until the
spring: of 1861.
He came Bast, and by his skill and gallantry at-
tained the rank of major general in the Army, and
his career from the commencement of the rebellion
until his death, in April, 1862, is well known to the
country.
The important victory at Fort Donelson must ever
be linked with his name and services, and from
wounds there received, superinducing disease, ho
died.
His life was simply that of a true soldier. The
honor of his country and his profession were the
objects of his devotion. Theartsof money-getting and
creation of court favor or influence were unknown
to him, or if known, were only despised. Hence his
civilscrvices, faithfully performed underspeciallaw,
never received the compensation they deserved.
His widow died in 1866, and a pension to his younger
