418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
resolution never takes effect, and so the State
is not- admitted. There is no provision made
in this amendment for any other election of
members of the Legislature, and the State is
remitted back to the condition it occupied at
the time proceedings were commenced for its
reconstruction under the reconstruction acts of
Congress, so faras the legislative department
of the State is concerned. It would not be so
objectionable, it appears to me, if the amend-
ment provided in case this Legislature did not
organize under the amendment for the elec-
tion of somebody to fill their places, or provided
in some way for a Legislative Assembly in the
State'of Virginia, so that the State government
could be organized in some way and proceed
as the interests or wishes of the people may
require.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will permit
me to interrupt him just there with a sugges-
tion, I think he misapprehends the scope of
the amendment, not having given it that atten-
tion which he usually does to things of this
sort. The amendment proceeds upon the idea,
and that is its language, that this organization
is going straight on and that the State is going
to be admitted at the end of thirty days, and
that it only weeds out, not the body, but the
individuals who cannot be permitted to take
part under the constitution in the organization
of the State. Then, if my friend will pardon
me—because I will not take his time—wherever
a person fails to take this oath and the office
becomes vacant, the act going into effect at the
end of thirty days with what are left, those
vacancies are filled in the manner provided by
the law of Virginia and its new Constitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I so understand the effect
of this amendment, that there can be no Legis-
lative Assembly in the State of Virginia until
the next regular election for members of the
Legislature under the constitution of the State
of Virginia. When that will occur I do not
know. I presume that the members of the
Judiciary Committee do know; at any rate,
they ought to know when that election occurs.
But, sir, it is possible that the State of Virginia
may be admitted according to the Senator's
construction of the resolution and have no
Legislative Assembly. I do not think the reso-
lution bears the construction which the Senator
puts upon it. It seems to me to be very clear
m the expression that if these members of the
Legislature do not qualify this resolution ad-
mitting the State shall not take effect, and the
State shall remain in its present condition.
Now, sir, I may be somewhat interested in
this matter, but f am exceedingly desirous that
no steps shall be taken here in reference to the
(state of Virginia by which its raiification of
the fifteenth amendment shall he defeated. I j
think that is of more consequence than that '
wo should adhere to any particular form of |
action, or that we should prescribe any par- 1
ticular ceremony; for it seems to be admitted
on all hands here that this is little more than
an idle ceremony, for it is claimed that the
members of the Legislature, with one or two
exceptions, are persons who can take this oath
. this amendment puts it iti the power of per-
tdl8°[P°ize that Legislature. What
the effect wiU be is a matter of very grave
rtpP said that an amendment to
if'i ulion has been ratified by a State
while we maintain that the State has not been
restored to Us practical relations to the Fed- :
eral Union? I have no doubt that a State in "
that o ud'tion may ratify an amendment, and
her subsequent recognition and the admission
thateLrf^reSentatlVeS m(;?nSressvalidate
that act n all respects, if it was before that
that T drf ' f W i?rS 1S ^ 1uest'on arising I
that 1 do not wish to have exist about the rptifi :
cation of the fifteenth amendment ;
I am informed that there is a good deal of i
feeling m the State about the future action of I
this Legislature. When the Legislature as- t
semblesit is to proceed tothe election of judges !
tor the State, supreme judges, circuit judges i:
district judges, as I am advised; and there
is a great controversy in the State as to which
political organization these judges shall be-
long. I do not know what these members may
conclude to do. If one party, supposing that
the judges_ to be elected may not be of their
political faith, shouldrefuse to qualify, they may
destroy this Legislature and defeat it altogether,
and then it raises questions as to the fifteenth
amendment, and certainly the election of Uni-
ted States Senators amounts to nothing.
I do not see the practical utility of this amend-
ment. Sir, we must proceed and admit this
State at this time. We have proceeded so far
in the work of reconstruction that now it is ne-
cessary to go to the end. These qualifications
and these conditions that we propose to attach
will practically, in my judgment, amount to
nothing.^ If the people of that State intend in
good faith to observe the reconstruction acts
of Congress they will do so ; but if they have
determined to do otherwise these legislative
restrictions that you put upon them will be but
little better than so much waste paper, in my
judgment. It appears to me that we might as
well, as_ we have been brought to that point
that it is necessary to admit the State, admit
her unconditionally and put her upon her honor
before the country and before the world.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Vermont to the neees-
sity of a verbal change in his amendment. It
begins :
Provided, That before this resolution shall take
efleet each member of the Legislature of said State
and each officer thereof, shall take andsubscribe and
file m the office of the secretary of state of Virginia,
for permanent preservation, an oath in the form
iollowmg.
By the terms of this amendment the refusal
of one member to take the oath would prevent
this resolution from taking effect. I am satis-
fied the Senator does not intend that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me for saying that I do not think he can pos-
sibly, even upon a special demurrer, torture it
into that meaning if he will read it altogether
as he ought to do.
Mr. MORTON. I will read the conclusion
of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The conclusion of it,
taken with the beginning, obviates that.
Mr. MORTON. The first clause declares
that before this resolution shall take effect each
member shall take this oath, and then it recites
the oath. After reciting the oath, it concludes
with the following provios :
And provided further. That every person who
shall neglect for the per10d of t^ty days next afto(,
the passage of this resolution to take, subscribe, and
tilc such oath as aioresaid shall be deemed and taken
offiec 3 purposes, to have vacated his
I hat provides that the person refusing to
take the oath after thirty days shall forfeit his
seat in the Legislature ; but it does not change
the effect of the first declaration, that this reso-
lution shall be suspended until each member
has taken the oath. I am satisfied the Senator
does not mean that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there is any doubt
?, we can adjust it in a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the amendment
obnoxious not only to the objection suggested
by fne Senator from Indiana, but it is even worse
than that. If this amendment were adopted
any single officer of that Legislature for making
whose office vacant it provides—and there is no
provision that I know of for filling it—any single
officer by refusing to take the oath prescribed
may prevent the taking effect of the resolution
which declares the State of Virginia entitled to
representation in Congress. The proviso is that
each officer of the Legislature shall take the
oath prescribed before this resolution shall
take effect. That is its language. Suppose he
effect"0 !t' resolution never takes
Now, it does seem to me, Mr. President, that
here is an attempt in the Senate to devise
some means by which to prevent the restora-
tion of Virginia to her relations in the Union.
Why is this, and when is it to stop ? When is
this question of reconstruction to end ? About
what have we been engaged the last four or
five years except to devise some means by
which State governments might be organi2ed
in the rebel States and those States restored
to their relations in the Union? This has been
a difficult task. We have laid down the con-
ditions upon which those States should be re-
stored. The faith of the nation is pledged.
Gentlemen may say we are not bound; we are
bound, and I appeal to those Senators now rep-
resenting reconstructed States, I ask the Sen-
ators from Louisiana and Arkansas, from Ala-
bama and North and South Carolina, what they
would have said if, when they appeared here ask -
iug to be admitted, one condition after another
had been imposed after they had complied with
all the requirements of the law ? And how can
they after taking their seats here in pursuance
of the reconstruction acts now insist upon ad-
ditional requirements from other States ? Did
the Legislatures of those States take these test-
oaths that the Senator from Massachusetts
now seeks to impose upon the members of the
Legislature of Virginia? Was it required of
them to take the oath prescribed by the act of
1862? Not a,t all.
But now this attempt is made after the State
of Virginia has complied with all the require-
ments of the law. After she had organized
under the reconstruction acts and would have
been entitled to admission a year ago if she
could have had an election upon her constitu-
tion, when that election was delayed, not by her
fault but by the fault of the Federal Govern-
ment in not providing the means for holding it,
as was reported by the officer in command of
that district at the time. At the last session of
Congress we passed upon her constitution. It
was then before us; we examined it; we passed
a law authorizing the President of the United
States, the trusted President of the United
States, in whom the political party controlling
the country has the utmost confidence, to sub-
mit that constitution which we had examined
and found republican in form to the voters of
Virginia; we authorized the registration to be
corrected. The President, in pursuance of
that act of Congress, had the registration cor-
rected in the State of Virginia. The constitu-
tion was submitted to a vote of the registered
voters in precise accordance with the act which
you yourselves passed. The people ratified
that constitution. In the act of last session
you imposed an additional condition upon them.
one thatyou had not originally required, namely,
that the Legislature elected by them should
ratify the fifteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States. The Legislature
was called together, and it ratified the fifteenth
amendment.
All this is done during the recess of Congress.
We meet here in December, The President of
the United States in his annual message tells us
that Virginia has complied with our law in every
respect; and yet Congress hesitates now to
carry out the law which it has enacted, and it
is said that the whole matter is still within the
control of Congress. Well, it is still within
the control of Congress I admit; numbers will
control. We have the physical power to refuse
to comply with our obligation ; we have the
physical power to violate the nation's honor,
and we do violate the nation's honor, when we
refuse fairly and in good faith to comply with
the pledges we have given. Why this attempt
now to impose conditions on Virginia? "Oh,
we are afraid to trust her 1 We are afraid she
will deceive us!" Will she be any less likely
to deceive you whon you tell her that you dis-
trust her? Is that the way to bring about rec-
onciliation and good feeling? Is that the way
to hold Virginia upon her honor, by telling her
that you distrust her and believe she will act
dishonestly?
Mr.President, this country is tired of this ques-
tion. The people in my section of the cou ntry—
