5506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
sation that occurs here. In regard, to this
amendment we all know that it is the same
amendment.' "The changing of the phraseology
does not change the fact at all, does not change
the character of the proposition at all. How-
ever it may have been three or four years ago,
when the amendment which has been alluded
to in the proceedings which have_ been read
was before the Senate of the United States,
certainly now it is well known that this pro-
vision is intended to cover the case of persons
who were appointed by the President or the
Secretary of the Treasury, and who entered
upon the performance of official duties jn vio-
lation of law. This is clear; and can this body
to-night, after all we have heard here in open
Senate, after the record we have made in
to this amendment, say that the alter-
ation, the change in the phraseology of the
amendment, has changed the rule which is to
be applied to it ?
If, in the first place, the amendment offered
here to pay these officers was out of order be-
cause it detailed facts in relation to their being
officers appointed in violation of the law, then
the second amendment, which is now before
the Senate, is equally in violation of law,
because we have all the facts before us; they
have been talked over here between the Presi-
dent and the Senator who offered the amend-
ment ; we have all talked it over, or it has been
talked of in our presence and in our hearing;
and therefore it becomes a matter of which we
are perfectly and thoroughly advised. The
mere phraseology which would conceal it is
of no more effect than the ostrich hiding her
head in the sand to conceal her from obser-
vation.
Then, in regard to the question of our duty,
" our obligation to pay these officers, and the
meanness of refusal to pay them, let me ask
what was the fact as to these officers? They
entered into a conspiracy with the President
of the United States, as appears from their con-
duct, to disregard and violate the law, the exist-
ing law of the land. They did disregard that
law; they did violate that law openly and bra-
zenly before the country; and now the Senata
of the United States is called npon to sanction
that conspiracy, that brazen effrontery, to vio-
late the law of the land; and it is said that
because they did service in the executive depart-
ment, therefore they are entitled to pay, although
they did it in violation of law. The President
of the United States might call around him a
platoon of soldiers, order them to expel the
Senate from this Chamber, and though they did
duty in violation of law, it would be duty in the
executive department of the Government, and
notwithstanding they did it in violation of law,
the Congress of the United States might be
called upon to pay them for the service thus
rendered in violation of law. To be sure, the
one case is a little more striking, because it
appeals to the overthrow of the Government,
as it were; but both the cases are precisely alike
from the fact that they violate the law of the
land, and do it brazenly and openly, and then
come here and ask pay for doing it!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?" npon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—ypas 35, nays 12 ; as follows:
VISAS —Messrs. Ames. Bayard, ISoreman, Cas-
sorly, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Brake, Fowler, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Harlan, Howard, Johnston, Mc-
Crcery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, bhcrman.
Spencer, Stewart, Stockton.Thaycr, Thurman, frum-
bull, Vickers, Warner, Willcy, Williams, and Wil-
son—35. „ ^
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Conkling,
Eduiunds, Hamlin, Howe, Howell. Morrill of Vor-
mont, Pomeroy, Scott, Sumner, and Yates—lli
i^nn, unpen., juammun 01 xwas, uauw,
log"- Lewis, Morton, Norton, Osbora, Patterson,
Pool, Pra.lt, Revels, Sauls bur/, Sprague, and iu>-
ton—£>.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. The amendment
of the Senator from South Carolina is before
the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, this amend-
ment has been argued npon the assumption
that the only class of officers whom it would
affect would be those who were unable to take
the oath required by the act of 1862, the iron-
clad oath, as it is termed. I have read the
amendment at- the desk, and it applies to the
payment of all officers of the United States
who discharged the duties of their offices dur-
ing the years 1865 and 1866. I will now read
the act of 1863 to show that this amendment,
if adopted, will not only affect those officers in
the South who could not take that oath under
the act of 1862 but a very large class of officers
who were appointed in the northern States
during the years 1865 and 1866. I read the
second section of an act approved February 9,
1863:
" That no money shall be paid from the Treasury
of the United States to any person acting or assum-
ing to act as an officer, civil, military, or naval, as
salary in any offiee, which oflicc is not authorized by
some previously existing law, unless where such
office shall bo subsequently sanctioned by law; nor
shall any money be paid out of the Treasury as sal-
ary to any person appointed during the recess of tho
Senate to fill a vacancy in any existing office, which
vacancy existed while the Senate was in session, and
is by law required to be filled by and with tho advice
and conscntof the Senate, until such appointee shall
have been confirmed by tho Senate."
I need not recur to the history of I860 to
remind Senators how many officers were ap-
pointed hy the then Executive, with the knowl-
edge that this law of 1863 deprived them of
compensation unless they were confirmed by
the Senate, and who were afterward rejected by
the Senate. There are hundreds of them, I
presume; but the language of this amendment
would pay them all, if it were adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. HOWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. Let the amendment be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of tho
Treasury is hereby authorized to pay to such per-
sons as were actually employed as officers of the
United States during the year 18G5 or 1866, compen-
sation at the rates provided by law for services as
such officors; and an amount sufficient for that pur-
pose is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this is too broad,
"actually employed as officers of the United
States during the year 1865 or 1866." I move
to add "in the collection of internal revenue."
That was the class of officers whose cases we
carefully examined and who we thought ought
to be paid. There may be a class of officers
that this general language would embrace that I
would not care about paying.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ohio
will observe that my friend from Pennsylvania
has suggested that this covers all the men
appointed in the northern Slates by Johnson,
whom we refused to confirm during the ses-
sion, and the vacancies were left over which
he filled up with his own people, who held on
until we came here again, in the face of the act
of 1863—not the iron-clad act, but the oue the
Senator from Pennsylvania has read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would be a great deal
better to take the amendment once reported
from the Committee on Finance, which was
carefully considered and expressly confined to
assessors and collectors who collected internal
revenue in the southern States. That was
carefully examined and limited, and I would
rather take language studied over than lan-
guage so broad as this. I am in favor of pay-
ing these men: I think they ought to have been
paid long ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
insert the words "in the insurrectionary States.':
Mr. SHERMAN. If I can get the proposi-
tion as reported by the Finance Committee a
few years ago I would rather have that.
Mr. SAWYER. In reference to the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Ohio I wish
to make one remark. I will call attention to
one single ease, for instance, which would not
be provided for by his amendment, and which
every Senater on this floor would recognize as
one that ought to be provided for by a meas-
ure of this kind. _ There was a gentleman who
occupied the position of Assistant Treasurer
of the United States at Charleston before the
war. He got into the hands of the United
States authorities every dollar of the Govern-
ment money which it was possible for him to
place in those hands. He found, however,
after he had got rid of all he possibly could,
that there was a balance of fourteen dollars
and some odd cents due the United States
when intercourse between Washington and the
State of South Carolina ceased.
When the war was over those people who
had tile ear of the President in South Carolina
suggested to him the name of this gentleman,
who had not been actively engaged in the war,
as a proper man for the place of Assistant
Treasurer. He assumed, contrary to his own
desire, at the urgent solicitation of the Admin-
istration, the duties of Assistant Treasurer of
the United States; and the first entry that he
made in his books, which he opened in 1865,
was a credit to the Treasury of the United
States of fourteen dollars and some odd cents.
That gentleman held the office of Assistant
Treasurer of the United States there for sev-
eral months, and I think for more than a year,
and never has received one cent because he
would not take the iron-clad oath.
A surveyor of the port of Charleston was
appointed, and although that officer is paid by
fees he has never received one cent. If you
confine it to deputy assessors and assistant
collectors of internal revenue you will cut off
a considerable class of officers. I have no
objection toils being confined to officers under
or in connection with the Treasury Department
in the insurrectionary States; but I do object
to anything which would cut off such cases as
those to which I have called attention.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move as a substitute
for this proposition the following, the words
of which were carefully considered by the
Committee on Finance a few years ago ; '
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to pay to such persons as were actually
employed as assistant assessors in the collection of
inteinal revenue in the rebel States prior to the 1st
day of August, 1866, compensation at the rate pre-
scribed by law; and an amount sufficient for that
purpose is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Deputy collectors are provided for already,
being paid by the collectors themselves.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better
postpone this whole matter until anotheryear.
There is no necessity now for paving these
gentlemen who have done service in the rebel
States. We are very near the close of the
session ; it is eleven o'clock at night; and why
should we agitate a question of this kind 
Mr. SHERMAN. "Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to explain this a mo-
ment?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from South
Carolina says this ought to extend to higher
officers. On the contrary, tliey arc officers that
had to be submitted to the Senate for con-
firmation, and they were not confirmed. They
knew the law; but these little deputy assessors
that were employed, because it was said that
legally qualified persons could not be found for
these positions, 1 am willing to pay. It would
be going too far to extend it to officers who
required the confirmation of the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. "With great deference to
the Senator from Ohio, I will say again that
there is no necessity for paying these people
now. These claims have stood for three or
four years. The services were very doubtful
