1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4563
it. It is because you have little faitb, because
vou turn back and quote old rules and old
precedent, that you find that it is not prac-
ticable. Why, sir, Senators with wliom I have
conversed imitate that representative of Eng-
lish conservatism, the Quarterly Review, which
said as follows, with its habitual obstructive-
ness:
" Common sense is astounded at such a result and
refuses to believe it, though it cannot at first sight
discover whore the fallacies lie; but a little exam-
ination will show that, as usual, common sense is
right, even againsttheassumedaccuracyofarithme-
tic." (Vol. 64, p. 541; October, 18S9.)
That was the way the Quarterly Review con-
demned the penny proposition of England.
Arithmetic vindicated it; the Quarterly Review,
like Senators about me, said common sense
condemned it; and they cited some rules from
the post office, post office contracts and the
system, the detective system under which the
post office was then governed ; but in spite of
that the proposition prevailed ; and you know
the result.
Now, sir, is it practicable? I have before
me here the testimony of the person whom I
consider the best authority within the range of
my personal acquaintance, a gentleman who
administers one of the largest post offices in
the country, and who has given his earnest
personal attention to this very question. He
writes me as follows :
"Taking the weight of the letter mail matter and
the printed mail matter, and charging the expense
of transportation upon each proportioned to the
weight, and one cent is all that would be relatively
chargeable upon each half ounce of letter mail. I
speak from close daily observation in a large office
in a region that is a large revenue-paying one to the
Department on all mail matter."
That is American testimony. You have
English testimony in abundance. Our Amer-
ican testimony is founded on a different expe-
rience from that of England, because thus far
we have failed to try the great experiment; but
I see no reason why the English example should
not be an authority for us. Because our coun-
try is vast is it on that account exempt from
the great prevailing laws which govern this
question? I see no reason why the very rule
which Rowland Hill first determined in regard
to distances will not operate in our country pre-
cisely as in England, always considering that
the great outlying distances and corresponding
service are not to be thrown upon the letter-
writers of the country. The rule that prevails
in England will prevail also in the United States,
I say, with regard to letters.
It is not enough to tell me, therefore, that
there are existing contracts which show that
this rule would not apply. Those contracts
are founded on the existing condition of things,
namely, the carrying of letters, then the car-
rying of free matter, and then the carrying
of the large amount of newspaper and other
printed Matter, the last two being shouldered
on the letters. Now, I insist that there shall
be a rule of equity in this ease—that the letter
shall not carry the free matter nor the heavy
weight of printed matter. If existing contracts
are not applicable to the rule which I now
propose, it is simply because they are made
with reference to the existing postal service,
where there are so many extrinsic and illegiti-
mate burdens; for I insist that the transporta-
tion of the free matter and the creation of this
outlying postal service are illegitimate and
extrinsic, and that the letter should not be
chargeable with them.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have voted
against all amendments, and I propose to vote
for the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives. I shall vote against this
amendment, and I wish to say that in doing
so I believe the time is not far distant when
the present rate of postage will be reduced to
two cents, and possibly to one cent. Sir, the
Government of the United States has done
quite as much for cheap postage as has Eng-
land. Postage is cheaper in the United States
than it is in England. Taking the value of the
money and the average distance the letters are
carried into consideration, postage is certainly
cheaper in the United States to-day than it is
in Great Britain. I should like to see it made
cheaper. I believe it will be made so as the
country increases in population, as the inter-
nal communications are increased and devel-
oped. There is no doubt about it at all; the
time will come when we shall have cheaper
postage. I hardly think we are ready to make
it so now, with the six or seven millions we
have to appropriate, for carrying the mail, out
of the public Treasury.
I believe the Post Office Department should
as nearly as possible support itself. I do not
believe in taxing the many for the benefit of
the few ; in taking money out of the pockets
of the masses of the toiling people for the ben-
efit of the men who write letters, the business
men of the country and the wealthy men of
the country. Every dollar you take out of the
Treasury of the United States to support the
carrying of your mails is a tax upon the toil-
ing men of the country, and for the benefit of
others, of merchants and bankers. I am against
such discrimination in taxation. It is an anti-
republican policy that never should be sus-
tained by the Congress of the United States.
Sir, it has been repeatedly asserted here that
distance has nothing to do with carrying let-
ters, is not an element in the calculation of
cost. Can you carry a ton of letters daily from
this city to St. Louis as cheaply as you can
carry a ton of letters from this city to Phila-
delphia? Ofcourseyou cannot. Thereisnot
a railroad or express company in the country
that will take one, two, three, or ten tons of
letters or printed matter and carry them a
thousand miles as cheap as they will one hun-
dred miles. You might just as well assert that
distance is not an element in calculating the
cost of carrying passengers and freight. In the
transportation of mails distance and speed are
great elements in the calculation of cost. If
any one doubts this let him go to the Post
Office Department and read the contracts with
the mail contractors. He will find that dis-
tance, time, and speed are appreciable ele-
ments in the cost of transportation. If the
mails could be transported as freight the cost
would be lessened. Yes, sir; distance and
speed are both large elements in the cost of
carrying the mails in the United States, what-
everthey may be in England. Throw every item
of printed matter out of the calculation, and
take simply the letters, and the distance they
are to be "carried; and the speed with which
they must be carried are both large elements
in the calculation of cost.
I will vote for two cents now and take the
risk of it. The time will come, I think before
long, when we shall carry letters for two cents.
This country has made quite as large reforms
since 1840, in this matter of the Post Office,
quite as large reductions, vastly more improve-
ments in regard to speed, vastly more in re-
gard to breadth and extent in accommodating
the mass of the people than has been done in
England, France, or anywhere else. England
is but a little patch on the surface of the globe,
covered all over with population, full of rail-
ways and other mpans of communication ; and
the distance to which their letters are carried
does not average one fourth part the distance,
the average distance, letters are carried in this
country.
Mr. CONKLING. They do not average as
much as in the State of New York.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly not as much as
New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania
combined.
Mr. CONKLING. It is iurther from Buf-
falo to Montauk point than from Cornwall to
Northumberland, the extremes of England.
Mr. WILSON. Over all this mighty conti-
nental empire we have extended our mails into
the mountains, into the gorges, everywhere,
and we carry letters for three cents. Look at
what it was in 1840, and see the difference now
and the enormous reduction in rates we have
made, and the wonderful increase in the num-
ber of letters, of newspapers, the increase in
the number of post offices, the number of miles
the mails are carried, and in the me.th.ods of
transportation; it is one of the.great marvels
of the world, and puts England inta a.position
of utter insignificance.
Sir, I am going to vote now and alLthe time
against the plan of putting out stamps for mem-
bers of Congress. It will not do. It will be
worse than the knives and'those articles of
which we have heard so much. Statesmen
have been running up and down the country
detailing how many pens we had, how many
knives we had, liow much stationery we had.
All these things have been spread before the
country, and now we propose to abolish frank-
ing ; and what to do? Vote ourselves stamps
to do our business with. We shall have all
sorts of abuse. One Senator will be compared
with another; one will draw so many hundred
or so many thousands. All sorts of charges
will be made; and perhaps the man w.ho does
the most business and has to use the most
stamps will have to meet such matters before
his constituents, and be denounced as extrav-
agant or corrupt. No, sir; I propose to abol-
ish this franking privilege, or franking system
rather, as far, at any rate, as Congress is con-
cerned, and let us pay our postage out of our
own pockets.
Mr. POWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator one question. Does not the bill as it
came from the House abolish the franking priv-
ilege altogether, take it away from the agri-
cultural bureau and all the Departments?
Mr. WILSON. That is very true; but we
are told we can provide something for the
Departments to do business.
Mr. POWLER. I thought the Senator from
Massachusetts was for the bill as it came from
the House, and I simply wanted to know how it
was to work ?
Mr. WILSON. What I propose to do is to
vote for the bill as it came from the House, and
then when a proposition is made that the Pres-
ident and the Departments shall be enabled to
take care of their public documents, I have no
objection to that: but I am opposed to giving
stamps to members of Congress. The whole
blame of franking abuses is upon Congress;
the whole censure is put upon Congress; and
there never was a greater humbug since the
world began than this outcry that has been
made about this franking privilege enjoyed by
members of Congress for their benefit. It is a
burden rather than a benefit. It has been so
put and so stands to-day. It becomes a ,per-
sonal matter, a matter of a personal reproach
to us here ; and I do not want,to bear it any
longer. Therefore, I propose to get rid of it;
but I do not want another system inaugurated
that is liable to greater abuses than the frank-
ing system, and that is liable to subject us to a
thousand articles of abuse and denunciation
where we have one now.
I have been here nearly sixteen years. I
have no doubt that I have spent more than one
entire year of that time in franking; and this
franking privilege has cost me two dollars for
every dollar I have gained by it. I have no
doubt that franking has cost members of Con-
gress during the last dozen years, on the aver-
age, much more than they have received by it.
During the years 1807 and 1868 there were
circulated in the unreconstructed States about
eight million speeches and documents, sent into
those States under the franks of members of
Congress. I have known many members of
Congress to spend their hundreds of dollars
for speeches and documents to be circulated
among the people. The amount of labor and
expense imposed upon members by this frank-
ing system fa.r transcends all tli© personal ben-
efits the members receive from it. That it has
been in the years of the past a means of in-
struction to the people none can doubt. Bat
the press and the people have pronounced it
