1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
I think I may speak for the people of Illinois in
that respeot—are anxious to see all the southern
States restored to their proper position in the
Union, anxious to see the material interests
of the South developed, anxious to see peace
and prosperity prevail. We have opened trade
with them. The avenues of commercebetween
the Northwest and the South have been opened
within the last few years ; business is reviving ;
and what the people want is to see prosperity
restored and the old avenues of commerce
reestablished. The good crops in the South
and the prosperity of the last year have done
much to allay the feeling that formerly existed
in that region of country, and I am happy to
say and believe that the state of things in
Arkansas and in Louisiana and in Alabama,
and in other States which have been restored,
is much better than it was a year ago. And
we shall have a better state of things in Vir-
ginia if you will act in good faith and promptly
carry out the laws that have been enacted by
Congress.
The Judiciary Committee had under consid-
eration various propositions of preambles and
conditions; one person proposing one condi-
tion and another another, and the ingenuity of
Senators seems to be exercised to find out
various kinds of conditions to be imposed upon
Virginia. The Senator from Missouri wants a
condition that if she does certain things here-
after she shallbeturned out of the Unionagain.
He seems to wish to hold in his hands a power
to expel States from the Union—a power which
does not rest in Congress. Congress has author-
ity to admit new States, but I know of no
authority to expel admitted States.
After considering all these matters in the
Judiciary Committee we came to theconelusion
almost unanimously that it was better to pass
a simple resolution declaring the State of Vir-
ginia entitled to representation in Congress ;
and why so ? Because she has done everything
that you required her to do. What practical
good is to be accomplished by the adoption of
this amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont? What possible good? It certainly
may keep Virginia out of the Union for thirty
days; and if there is any one officer of that
Legislature who thinks proper, under this
amendment he may keep Virginia out forever; if
a single officer refuses to take the oath, then the
resolution of admission is never to take effect.
What is to be gained by this, unless the de-
sign be not to have Virginia restored to the
Union?
Have we any information that the Legislature
of Virginia was not properly organized ? None
whatever. So far from it the presumption is,
it having been organized under the direction of
General Canby, a gentleman of great ability, a
very careful officer, and one who was particu-
larly solicitous to carry out all the reconstruc-
tion acts and to enforce the Constitution and
the laws of Congress to the very letter, that the
Legislature was properly organized. And on
a mere suggestion from some third party, some-
body hanging about these Halls, who has been
disappointed perhaps in obtaining an office in
Virginia, that the election was not fair or that
some person was not qualified to hold office, is
this State at this stage of the proceeding to be
turned back; and if so, when is she to come
in ? When are we to see the end of this ? If
this amendment be adopted and some of these
officers shall refuse to take the oath prescribed
and thus the resolution never go into effect,
then I suppose we shall fix up another re-
construction law, and we shall have another
convention called in Virginia and another con-
stitution formed, and that will be voted upon;
and when it is adopted some Senator from Ver-
mont, for the present Senator and myself by
that time may both of us have passed aw<iy, will
rise in his place and prescribe another kind of
oath.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And there will be no
Senator from Illinois to oppose it, I expect.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very likely not. I think
there will be no Senator from Illinois to oppose
the requirement of the oath, and perhaps none
from Vermont to offer it, for I do not know
how long this state of things is to continue.
There would seem to be no end to it. Now, it
| does look to me like trifling with a very serious
j and a very important matter.
; We have the recommendation of the Exeeu-
i tive here; we have the indorsement of all the
i executive officers who have had anything to do
1 with reconstruction in Virginia; we have a
compliance with our act of Congress; and yet
we hesitate, and we spend time from day to day
in devising obstacles in the way of accomplish-
ing that which we have sought to accomplish
for the last five years. Now, I appeal to the
friends of the admission of Virginia, if they are
a majority here ; if it is the intention of this
Senate to admit Virginia to her former posi-
tion in the Union—I appeal to you to stand
by the Judiciary Committee and let us admit
her by a simple, plain, and fair resolution. If
you do not mean to do it, vote the resolution
down, and do not by these side propositions
seek to keep her out—propositions that can
accomplish no practical good and mean delay,
and delay only.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is an
exceedingly easy thing, as my friend from Illi-
nois discovers, when you do not wish to agree
to a proposition to impute improper motives
to those who propose it; and so one of the
easiest ways to him apparently of getting rid
of this amendment, to which no intrinsic ob-
jection can be made, as he confesses by not
undertaking to make any except a mere verbal
one, is to say that everybody who is in favor
of such an amendment is trying to defeat the
main scheme; that it is a mere cheat, in fact,
to give it a plain name, which the politeness
of my friend would not permit him to use, to
defeat the will of the majority in this body.
Now let me ask my friend what authority he
has for making any such intimation as that?
Of course he has not any at all. It is entirely
gratuitous so far as I am concerned, and I have
no doubt so far as other gentlemen are con-
cerned who may agree with me that it is a fit
j thing to put this amendment on the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator wishes
a categorical answer I will answer him. I did
not call it a cheat. 1 say it means delay, be-
cause the very words of the proviso are that
the resolution shall not go into effect until cer-
tain things are done, to allow which to be done
there is no time fixed as it is. They may never
be done; and laying aside the verbal criticism,
aa the Senator calls it, still it delays the
restoration of Virginia. That is the only effect
of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, Mr. President,
if that is what my friend means I withdraw all
my observations touching him. If he only
means that this amendment as it is proposed
will operate to delay for a few days the com-
plete restoration of this State, then I have
nothing to say upon that point. But I certainly
had a different impression when I saw the
somewhat warm manner of my friend, and
heard the somewhat extraordinary language
from him that he intended to have brother Sen-
ators understand that those of us who were
in favor of this amendment were making use
of it as a mere stalking-horse, knowing that it
was of no value in and of itself, in order to
deprive the people of the State of Virginia from
representation in Congress as long as we could.
That construction which I put upon his lan-
guage he seems to disavow. Therefore I with-
draw anything that I may have said touching
that.
Now, then, we will come to the question.
My friend says the effect of this is to delay
Virginia perpetually, because somebody may
refuse to take the oath. I have said before all
that I desire to say upon that point, that at the
end of thirty days whoever refuses to take the
oath will have ceased to he a member and
ceased to be an officer, and, therefore, each
officer will have taken the oath at .that time.
But I do not propose to stand Upon that, because
upon mere verbal questions, where we all desire
to get at the same thing, I am willing to accom-
modate my opinions to those of anybody else.
I therefore modify my amendment by insert-
ing after the word "thereof," in the'third
line, these words: '' except such persons aB shall
be affected by the farther proviso hereinafter
stated;" so as to leave out from this sweeping
declaration that disturbs my friend in respect
to this delay those persons who, it shall turn
out at the end of thirty days, have neglected
and refused to take the oath, and then' the
further proviso disposes of them.
That answers that objection, if it be one.
Then return to the main consideration. • My
friend says that we must stop some time.' I have
always found that he never stops as long as he
thinks he is right, except it may be in this in-
stance, when the reason he gives for his action
is the fact that the Executive has recommended
a certain course. I have known my friend from
Illinois before now to feel obliged in the con-
scientious discharge of his duty to differ in a
greater or less degree from the Executive of the
United States, and I have thought that he did
wisely in so doing, because he generally gave
very good reasons for his difference. Now he
seems, as one of the chief motives for our in-
stantaneous action, to bring forward the fact
that the President of the United States in his
annual message to us has stated that he recom-
mends the admission of Virginia. So be it. I
respect the recommendation of the President,
and I am free to say that did I not believe in
the information of the President of the.United
States to a large degree and repose confidence
in his judgment and means of information to a
large degree 1 should not vote for this bill at
all, because I have very great. misgivit}gs;as to
what the result is to be; not the result—my
friend will pardon me for explaining—in any
party or mere political sense in the way that
word is usually employed, but the result which
shall affect the peace and the lives and the well-
being of the great body of that community.
That is a result to which we not only have a
right to look, but to which we are bound to
look if we discharge our duty as the represent-
atives of the States and the people. ' But I say,
out of respect to and confidence in the informa-
tion and opinion of the President of the United
States, I am willing to trust it to the judgment
that he has recommended. But he has not
undertaken to say that we should agree to the
admission of these people if any of them have
failed to comply with the fourteenth amend-
ment by any means; and he never would do
it I have very good reason to know. So, if we
are to put it upon the mere ground of what the
Executive may wish, or what his opinion may
bo, we have no right to say that he desires
Virginia to be admitted without applying to
her the test of conformity to the third section
of the fourteenth article.
My friend says that we are finding one reason
or another against these projects of admission.
So we are. It is within three years that I have
found my friend, the Senator from Illinois,
finding reasons of one kind or another against
speedy action, and putting them into the form
of laws; and can he not permit us to still retain
some independence of opinion on that question
as well as himself? I am sure he will.
Mr. President, I do not think myself that a
Senator or a Representative or a body like this
fails in duty to the people of Virginia if when
they are asking us to receive them we simply
say, "V ery well; we will receive you ; just give
us the proof of your good faith in this matter,
of your fidelity to that amendment which has
already, as we say, become a part of the Con-
stitution, but which another party says has not,
by swearing that you are not obnoxious to its
provisions, and the thing is done. Is that a
hard condition? Is that an ungenerous condi-
tion ? Certainly not. Even my distinguished
