1870.
the congressional globe.
5507
in the beginning; and all the time the parties
were not acting under the law or under the
■Constitution. I have no doubt that in a little
while our benevolence will be so great we shall
let all these people come back; and then I
shall be willing to pay them. I can see no
necessity for it now. I hardly know what sort
of a motion to make, unless I could make a
motion to lay this amendment on the table.
The vice President. That, if carried,
would lay the bill on the table by parliament-
ary law.
Mr. CAMERON. i feared that would be
the result. Let us wait till we have more time
to consider before paying these claims.
Mr. POMEROY. i voted, as a question of
order, against receiving this claim on an appro-
priation bill in 1867, and again now, and i
should to-morrow and every other day; but on
its equity, on paying these men for the services
they nave rendered i cannot do otherwise than
vote tojpay them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being, on a division—ayes 15,
noes 26.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. That ought to be voted
down now.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to say a word or
two only. I did not think there was a real
necessity for appointing to these offices gentle-
men who could not take the oath required by
law at the time; and yet I am satisfied that the
head of the Treasury Department did think so,
and that he acted honestly under his convic-
tion, and that these gentlemen accepted the
offices tendered to them by the Government,
and performed the duties most honestly; and
they have not been paid. Congress has with-
held the money for four or five years. I think
they have been punished long enough for the
indiscretion of the head of aDepartment. They
had a right to believe, when the President of
the United States tendered them commissions,
that the legislative branch of the Government
wouM appropriate the necessary funds to pay
their salaries. They did think so; they accepted
the offices; they performed the labor, and the
Government has derived the usual benefit from
their services. Now, why should we inflict
continuous punishment on these individuals
for that which was comparatively an innocent
act on their part?
Mr. President, has not the time passed for
the infliction of punishment on the individuals
who participated in this wicked war? One of
those men is now yonr Attorney General, who
could not have accepted one of these offices
under that law ; one of them, a major general
of the rebel army, holds a high office in the
South, with the indorsement of the American
Senate. Long since you have modified the
law as to all existing cases. Why, then, shall
this old law be applied to these first cases that
occurred and occurred innocently ? I speak
from my personal knowledge when I say that
I know that the head of the Treasury Depart-
ment acted honestly, from a serious belief on
his part that he could not secure the requisite
talent in that part of our country at that time
without accepting the services of those who
could not take this oath. He believed this;
the President of the United States believed it;
other members of the Cabinet believed it. I
did not concur with them in opinion, but I
know that they were serious in their opinion ;
they believed it; they were honest in it; they
acted under this honest conviction ; and these
honest citizens in the South accepted the offices •
tendered to them by the Government and per-
formed the labor ; and, for one, I will not rob
them of the requisite compensation.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to say only a
word upon this question. The Senator from
Massachusetts has already referred to the sta-
tute applicable to this subject, and which pro-
vides in positive language that "before being
entitled to any salary or other emolument
thereof," that is of such office, the personshall
take a certain oath. The Senator from Iowa
says that these people took these offices, having
good reason to believe that Congress would
make an appropriation to pay them their sal-
aries. *
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will pardon me, I will say that I no more
doubted that Congress would relax the law
than I could have doubted my own existence
at the time. I believed, just as firmly as I
believed in my own existence, that when Con-
gress convened they would relax the law so as
to enable the Department to collect the rev-
enue in that part of the country where the
head of the Department said and believed it
could not be collected without accepting the
services of this class of individuals.
Mr. CARPENTER. The recent statement
of the Senator from Iowa is conclusive evidence
of the extent and strength of his faith; but it
does not alter the principle to which I wish to
call attention.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all. I thought they
would, but Congress did not do it; but if I
thought so, it is reasonable to conclude that
these gentlemen living down South might have
the same faith in the Congress of the United
States that I exercised.
Mr. CARPENTER. The question comes to
this: when Congress by a law positively declares
that no man shall enter into an office who is in
a certain character, whether a person can enter
into that office and then come to the same Con-
gress and ask an appropriation to him for the
compensation which the law says he shall never
rec6ive.
Mr. HARLAN. But if the honorable Sen-
ator will pardon me, that law passed in 18C2
during the progress of the war, and these ap-
pointments were made after the close of the
war, when the condition of the country was
entirely chauged.
Mr. CARPENTER. Was not the law in
force?
Mr. HARLAN. Of course it was in force ;
but the same power that made the law could
relax it and has since relaxed it. It is not
now the law.
Mr. CARPENTER. I cannot still see the
force of the point taken by the Senator from
Iowa. Here is a positive statute which forbids
any man to enter into an office in a certain con-
dition of things. When he enters into that
office he does not become in any proper sense
an officer de facto; he is an intruder into the
office; he goes into it in the face and eyes of a
positive statute. Now, upon what ground can
he come here to Congress, which said to him,
specifically, "Sir, you shall not hold that office,''
and state, "True, you said I should not hold this
office; but it is equally true that I did hold it
in defiance of your express provision, and now
I expectyou to pay me the emolument?" That
is all there is of it. If that is holding out a
terror to evil-doers, if that is such legislation
as encourages respect for law, the next man
who has violated a statute, instead of expect-
ing to be punished, may expect to come into
the next session of Congress and ask to be
rewarded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I voted against the ruling of the Chair
because I believed that all these private claims
ought to be—whether it is the rule of the Sen-
ate or not—ruled out on appropriation bills;
but 1 have always been in favor of paying any
clean bill for the services of these men. I
do not believe it is right to punish these men,
who really perfoimed services in behalf of the
country, and were acccptcd of us as such ser-
vice, without paying for them, and I should be
ashamed to act otherwise. It seems to me that
if we can pass amnesty bills we can certainly
pay our honest debts at least.
Mr. SUMNER. In old times ther6 was a
word which had a value—it was " nullification.''
My friend from Vermont has made a plea for
the nullification of a statute of the United
States.. The statute is positive; it says that
persons who do not take this oath before enter-
ing on the duties of office shall not be enti-
tled to any of the salary or other emoluments
thereof, and the' Senator proposes to nullify
the statute. That is his proposition. He says
that he is for the payment of honest debts.
Where is the debt?, The statute expressly
declares that there is no debt until they have
taken this oath.
Then my other friend, the Senator from
Iowa, to my astonishment, tells us that this
statute is repealed. When? Where? It is a
statute of the United States prescribing an oath
taken at your desk, taken several times this
very session at your desk. No person can be-
come a Senator of the United States without
taking this oath ; nor can he be entitled to any
of the emoluments of a Senator without taking
the oath. Here is the statute, and I am aston-
ished that my friend from Iowa has treated this
statute as so trifling. Why, sir, in my judg-
ment this statute is the very beginning of
reconstruction. It is the first statute of recon-
struction. It is the corner-stone of reconstruc-
tion. Without this statute you could not have
organized reconstruction ; and the appoint-
ment of these officers in defiance of this statute
was the beginning of Johnsonism. It was that
system which tended to undermine reconstruc-
tion, and to prevent it from becoming success-
ful. And now, at this late stage, we are called
to dishonor this statute, to dishonor recon-
struction, and to recognize as valid acts in
defiance of this statute. The President of the
United States and his Secretary when they
appointed these officers were in contumacy;
they violated the law of the land, and they did
it knowingly, contumaciously, and, as the future
developed, in a fixed policy to beat down that
just reconstruction which we were trying to
establish.
Mr. CAMERON. I must dissent from one
or two expressions made by the Senator from
Iowa, from whom I expected better things.
He said we had confirmed a high officer of
the rebellious army to a lucrative office under
this Government. He meant, I suppose, Gen-
eral Longstreet. From that confirmation, I
am glad to say everywhere, I dissented. Iam
willing to forgive individuals ; but I am not
willing because the President of the United
States has sent the name of a leading rebel
here, and we have been weak enough to con-
firm that nomination to a high place, that that
shall be a precedent for other wrongs. A great
deal rather would I say at once we will for-
give everybody who went into the rebellion ;
let us make a. general amnesty at once; let
every man get one hundred and sixty acres of
land. Whenever the public sentiment of the
country thinks that ought to be done I may be
willing to do it possibly; but this is nut the
time; let us see how they conduct themselves
in future. When I am satisfied they have
repented I shall be among the first to forget
their errors.
The men who were selected by the Secretary
of the Treasury for these places in 1805 may
have been worthy persons, or they may not.
There was a feeling all over the country just
after the close of the war of kindness and benev-
olence, a general disposition to forgive every-
body ; and if Mr. Johnson had not got to be
President of the United Slates, I have no doubt
eveiybody before this time would have been
forgiven for his offenses. Rut these men got
their places without authority of law ; they ex-
ercised the functions against the law ; and why
should we pay them? It may be that at some
future time we shall do so; but this is a very
late hour of the night, and it is very near the close
of the session, and it is wrong to put an amend-
