1870.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
daughter expired on her attaining the age of sixteen,
in October, 1869.
These two orphan daughters of a gallant soldier
are now. therefore, penniless. Their father laid his
lifeawilling sacrifice upon the altar of his country;
from that father these orphans inherit aspotless name,
and with it the right to claim from their country a just
nnd reasonable compensation forservices performed
by him entirely foreign to his professional duties, and
rendered under warrantof alaw which imposed these
civil duties on a military officer.
Considerinjtthecharacter and value of these services
and the usual rate of compensatson allowed civilians
when so employed, the committeo are of opinion that
$5,000 is a proper sum now to be paid to the two daugh-
ters of General Smith, his son having expressly filed
his release in writing of all share or interest in the
claim; and they therefore report the accompanying
bill, recommending its passage, and ask that it may
now be printed.
The bill was reported to the Senate witho ut
amendment. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very unpleasant to ;
interpose any objection to this bill, and I do
not know that I shall do so, but I think the
attention of the Senate should be directed to
the character of this bill and to the precedent
that we are setting. Here was a military offi-
cer who some twenty years ago, if I heard the J
report correctly, was detailed to perform certain j
duties outside, the report says, of his military ;
profession; and now it is proposed to pay to ;
his heirs $-5,000 for those extra services, j
I should like to inquire if he was not receiving ;
his pay in the Army as an Army officer all the ,
time he was performing these services. |
As I understand, this officer was a gallant !
officer. His family, I presume froni the char- j
acter of the bill, are in needy circumstances, )
and it seems very hard; but there are a great >
many such cases. If 1 heard the report cor- j
rectly this was one of three officers. Why is '
not provision made for the other two? This ,
officer was president of the board. If he is j
entitled to $5,000 the other officers are entitled ;
to something, I suppose. It is very often the i
case that military officers perform some duties i
that do not seem to be exactly in the line of j
their profession. They are placed upon boards
of examination. Information is sought from j
them in regard to questions perhaps not purely i
military, and if we comiiience paying them for j
such services I do not know where it will stop. |
If we pay for the services of the president of
this board $5,000 shall we not be under a like
obligation to pay bis associates something, if
not $5,000? Although General Smith, being
the president of the board, may have had more
arduous duties than the others, still if his heirs
are entitled to that sum the others would be
entitled to something. It seems to me the bill
ought to provide for the others.
It is, as I said, exceedingly unpleasant to
interpose any objection to a bill of this charac-
ter, because the appeal on behalf of a gallant
soldier or on behalf of the deserving heirs of
a gallant soldier is one that every one dislikes
to object to. I have called the attention of the
Senate to it, and I do not know that I shall
say anything more.
Mr. CAMERON. It is often much easier to
kill a good object by kind words than by harsh
words, and I think the Senator from Illinois
has used the best words he could for a bad pur-
pose in this case. The facts as stated in the
report, and as I shall try to repeat them in
still fewer words, were these: General Smith
was a captain in the Army, and had the brevet
rank of a lieutenant colonel; he was ordered
here from the western country, where he was
on dnty, and he sat for about three years as
president of a board, living here at a large
expense, while his salary as captain was not
much over one thousand dollars a year. The
Military Committee in fixing this sum of $5,000
allowed him $3,500 a year, and deducted from
that his pay as captain.
General Smith, I suppose, cannot be un-
known to a single man in the Senate. He was
really the hero of Fort Donelson. He rendered
services there which were priceless, which cost
«im his life. He left three children, a boy,
who is taking care of himself somehow—I do
not know how—and two daughters, one of whom
received a pension, eight dollars a month I
suppose, or something like that, until she was
sixteen years of age, and that has passed. The
two daughters are living upon the charity of
some people in the State of Delaware. If his
widow had survived him she would have been
entitled to a pension, and would have received
a pension from the day of his death at the rate
of $600 a year; for I think that is what we have
been giving where such services were rendered
as General Smith rendered; and if his children
were minors they would receive a certain pen-
sion ; but they have passed their minority. The
widow is dead, and there are no relations in
the world. Here are two bright young women
whose father rendered as much service as any
man did in the whole war, and who was known
to everybody who knew him at all as one of
the most brilliant and one of the best educated
officers in the country's service. He died
leaving not a copper, and they are thrown on
the cold charity of a pitiless world.
I do not believe there is a member of the
Senate who will refuse to give them this sum,
which would have been paid to any civilian
who had performed that duty, arid who could
not have done it so well either, because Captain
Smith was brought here on account of his par-
ticular knowledge about military accounts to
investigate and settle that immense claim which
was brought against the Government.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator be good
enough to inform us what was the nature of
those claims? Were they claims growing out
of the military Department of the Government
or claims growing out of other matters ?
Mr. CAMERON. They were claims grow-
ing out of the Mexican war and the expedi-
tions previous to the war and after the war
across the continent. Everybody here remem-
bers the large claims that were brought in
called the Frimont claims, and Captain Smith
was brought here to settle those accounts be-
cause of his peculiar adaptedness to the pur-
pose, as the Government supposed. Nobody
believed he could have lived here on the pay
of a captain; but he was only a soldier; he
was ordered to duty immediately after this ser-
vice was performed, and he did not come back
for years. When he did come back he was
ordered to this place when treason surrounded
the capital and tainted almost every part of the
Army. He was brought here then for the
defense of Washington because he was believed
to be the best man that could be brought here
at the time, and then he was sent West and
lost his life at Donelson.
I leave the case with the Senate. This is
only paying what you would have paid to a
commissioner, less the salary of a captain in
the United States service. That is the whole
story.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I know
nothing about the merits of this service Ten-
dered further than is shown in the report; but
I cannot let the occasion pass without saying
a word in behalf of the memory of General
Smith. I knew him as a soldier; I was with
him at Fort Donelson. The magnificent charge
which he made upon the enemy's lines at Fort
Donelson was decisive of that siege, and led
on the following morning to the surrender of
sixteen thousand rebels into the hands of Gen-
eral Grant. A braver, a better, a truer, a more
unselfish soldier than General Smith the Repub-
lic never had.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAPEB3 WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of D. H.
McDonald be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to tho Committee on Foreign Relations.
E. DIEKELMAN.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 144) to enable the Court of Claims
to hear and determine the claim of E. Diekel-
man, a subject of the king of Prussia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 144)
to enable the Court of Claims to hear and de-
termine the claim of E. Diekelman, a subject
of the king of Prussia. It proposes to refer
the claim of E. Diekelman, a subject of the
king of Prussia, for damages for an alleged
detention of the ship Essex by the military
authorities of the United States at New Orleans,
in the month of September, 18G2, to the Court
of Claims for its decision in accordance with
the principles of equity and justice, and for it
to award such damages as may be just in the
premises, if he may be found to be entitled to
any damages.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear
some explanation of that.
Mr. SUMNER. The explanation is, that
it is a claim on our Government by a foreigner,
and he cannot appear in the Court of Claims
except under an act of Congress. The Sen-
ator is aware that he cannot bring an action
against the United States in our Court of
Claims, and this resolution, which has already
passed the House of Representatives, is to give
him that privilege. That is the object of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But the provision, as I
understand, is that it shall be settled on the
principles of equity and justice.
Mr. SUMNER. Every matter that goes
before the Court of Claims is settled on princi-
ples of eqnityand justice.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I supposed cases were
settled there according to law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Court of
Claims never considers a merely equitable
claim, but considers every case on the contract
out of which it grows and the law governing
the contract.
Mr. SUMNER. This is not a case of con-
tract. It is the case of a detention of a vessel.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me very unsafe
to pass a resolution in this vague form.
Mr. SUMNER. This is a House resolution
and there is a House report which is found
with the papers. If the Senator wishes to hear
the report, it can be read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If it ianot long I should
like to hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not long.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
from the Committee on Foreign Afiairs of the
House of Representatives:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred the memorial of E. Diekelman, a Prussian
subject, asking that he might receive indemnity, or
that his claim against the Government of the United
States for damages suffered by the action of the mili-
tary authorities at New Orleans in the year 1862
might be referred to the Court of Claims for adjudi-
cation, beg leave to report:
That from the memorial and accompanying papers
it appears that after the taking of NewOrleaos from
the rebels, in 1862, the President of theUnited States,
on the 12th day of May of that year; by proclamation,
declared that that portwas open to commerce, and
the Secretary of the Treasury issued rules and regu-
lations in relation to the trade, prohibiting only
articles contraband of war.
That on the 29th day of August the Prussian ship
Essex, owned by the memorialist, arrived at the port
of New Orleans, discharged her cargo, and on the 2d
day of September commenced taking in a cargo of
outward-bound freight; that her cargo was fully
completed on the 16th of September; that among her
cargo were ten packages of bullion, silver plate, coin,
&c.; that on that day the captain nppliedforaclear-
ance, which was refused unless the captain would
land the ten packages above referred to. The cap-
tain said he could not do so, as his bills of lading had
been issued after the packages had been taken on
board under the supervision of a custom-house offi-
cial, and that without a surrender of the receipts he
could not be discharged from liability. That on the
29th of September a custom-house officer came on
board and produced to the captain tho receipts and
bills of lading for two of said packages, which wore
surrendered to him. That on the 1st of October a
sergeant and two soldiers, accompanied by a custom-
house officer, came on board and presented an order
from tho shipper for two other cases. That the cap-
tain refused to deliver up the cases without surren-
der of the bill of lading. That the keys of the hatches
were in possession of a custom-house officer, who
opened tho same, and the packages were taken out.
That on the 6th.day of October a custom-house officer
eame on board and informed the captain that the
