4564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
an abuse, a personal privilege of members of
Congress, and decreed its abolition.
I propose to vote for the original bill for the
abolition of the franking privilege. I will vote
for an amendment to make the postage on
letters two cents; and, though we should lose
by it at the beginning, 1 have no doubt that
the number of letters would be increased, and
that perhaps in three or four or five years we
should make it up, and it would undoubtedly
be a blessing to the country. No doubt it will
come in time. But so long as I hold a seat
here I shall vote against giving members of
Congress stamps. Let us pay our own postage
and relieve ourselves of this terrible burden,
lor I know and feel, and have always known
and felt, that this franking privilege has been
to me a cost and a burden, instead of a priv-
ilege.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I did not
have much disposition to occupy the time of
the Senate to-niglit or at any previous period.
I know (hat gentlemen are impatient, and I am
tog., I listen, though, generally with a good
deal of patience to others; and I propose now
to cultivate patience on the part of others.
The fact is, that I do not want to get rid of this
subject; I want to keep it on hand. This meas-
ure has been brought here, and has pushed all
useful legislation out of this House, and here
we have been kept, and while we have been
discussing it the individuals who have brought
it upon the country have been of more expense
to the country than all the lied Clouds and
Spotted Tails that ever infested this land. To-
day the men who have pushed this measure
through and kept it before the Senate for many
days to the exclusonof useful business in which
the country wa3 interested, have cost the Gov-
ernment more expense than all the improper
franks ever put into the mails. I defy them
here to show that the use of improper franks
lias ever cost the Government half as much as
the consumption of time occupied by thein on
this bill.
The speech made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts last up [Mr. Wilson] was a sin-
gular one to me and it was a very instructive
one, and I have but a few words to say inregard
to it. That Senator argues the great benefi-
cence of the system adopted by the American
people over that of the English by reducing
postage. Well, sir, be that as it may, no per-
son has ever complained of the American Con-
gress because they reduced the rate of postage
so much, nor will the people complain ol'us if
we come down to the measure proposed by the
other Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
is tin.] Most assuredly they will not.
But there is one argument the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] produces in favor
oftheabolition of the franking privilege, and, as
Iunderstand, ofa high rateof postage ; and that
is, that distance enters largely as an element
into the cost of the mail service; that it is
worth more to carry a ton of letter matter from
Washington to St. Louis than it is to carry a
ton of letters from Washington to Philadelphia.
That is certainly true; as a statement of fact
every one will admit it; but let us see the
morality of what is involved in the statement.
Do you not charge the people of Philadelphia
just as much for a letter as you do the people
of St. Louis ? Is it right, is it just, is it honest
to make the people of Pennsylvania pay for
the expense of carrying the mails oil to the
people of Missouri and to those beyond Mis-
souri? I say, then, that the lower you reduce
the rate of postage the greater equality you
approach and the more justice you introduce
into the system, on the very argument of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and -I have no
doubt lie will accede to that.
Speed is another thing, and wo ought to pay
for it, it is said: but does the Postmaster
General or the chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Eoads propose to make
anything out of the reduction of' speed, or to
introduce that element at all V Is there to be
any gain to the country from diminishing or
increasing the rate of speed'? Not at all. But
the conclusion of the Senator's argument is
most satisfactory, and is entirely correct ; it
meets the approbation of my judgment and my
heart; and that is, that the whole thing is a most
infamous humbug and has been so from the
beginning. The people are not exactly like a
nest of robins, so that if the old one comes in
■with a miserable worm or anything else they
take it down. I do not suppose they are to
take anything that is brought to them and treat
all alike. They will carefully examine the
arguments that are made on this subject, and
they are capable of appreciating them, and
they are capable of sifting the falsehood from
the truth.
Now, sir, I am satisfied that the people
throughout the United States are capable, at
least in my section of the country, of under-
standing this subject and of appreciating a cor-
rect or incorrect measure, and nine out often
of those who consider this subject will accord
to the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] the honor of having presented a well-
digested and the finest system that has ever
been presented to the American people yet,
and sooner or later it will meet their approba-
tion.
The arguments which have been produced
on this subject show that the Government of
the United States in all its departments has
for its great function nothing more nor less than
a great school-house for the people. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] says
lie has spent one whole year of his life in frank-
ing. I doubt not that lie spent it more useful
and more profitably in fraukitig documents to
his people than all the rest of the period, and
they derived more profit from that very year
than from all the other years of his servics
here put together. [Laughter.]
Sir, individuals think they are not school-
teachers here, but Senators. \V ell, sir, I will
agree that that is technically true; but i wish
1 could say that they were so excellent and so
useful men as school-teachers. Indeed, the
Senator who made use of that remark I think
is a most excellent one, and if he were not so
modest he would admit it himself; but I will
say it for him, and I know the whole country
will accord it to him.
Now, sir, if we could adopt the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
nek] I think we should confer a greater bless-
ing on this occasion than all we have done
this session; and I confess, for one, that i
should go away from .this Capitol rejoicing in
the consolation that 1 had done my country
somegood, agreatgood. No measure is fraught,
with so many blessings as that one. 1 admit
that the arguments he produced logically go
to the proposition 1 made. I knew very well
that his sentiments and his views were in ac-
cord with the proposition with which I started;
but I acknowledge that Uie measure he pro-
poses is a practicable one, that it is one which
will meet the present opinion of the country ;
whereas mine would not. I expect to get a
vote on mine, and 1 do not expect more than
one vote in its favor, nor do I expect the
country to adopt it at the present time; but
1 am satisfied that sooner or later they will
i come to that point. The arguments of the
Senator from Massachusetts are the logical
arguments which will produce the very result.
I was well aware that he was in favor of that
idea, which of course is but an idea, and not a
practical measure. I accord to his proposi-
tion the merit, though, of being capable of being
reduced to practice, of meeting the approba-
tion of the country at the present time, whereas
mine would not.
I hope, therefore, we can put by this rude,
this undigested mass, not of some seed of life,
because there is none in it, and which is, what
the Senator from Massachusetts nearest me
[Mr. Wilson] said, a miserable humbug and
nothing else. How could that be put in prac-
tice ? Who could have expected it to be put
in practice ? Who supposed the entire frank-
ing privilege could have been abolished? Why,
sir, if done you would have to abolish the whole
Government itself. There is not a solitary
officer here who could have mailed his matter
to the country. The Post Office Department
was made for the benefit of the people; they
pay for it, and the cheaper it can be made the
better it is for the country.
Senators need not think that this miserable
humbuggery of pretending to save a few dol-
lars off the working people is going to capti-
vate them, because it will not. The people
who labor know that they pay the taxes, and
they know, sir, that you I and do not pay the
taxes. They know that it is that man who
puts forth energy and effort in productive labor
that pays taxes, and it matters not whether
you put it on customs external or whether you
make au internal revenue, or whether you take
it from postage, it all comes out of the working
element of society, and not out of the rich men
of the country, as it is stated. They tax the
poor men who work for them, and it has to
come out of their pockets at last. I do not see
any advantage in trying to make them believe
they do not pay it, for they will not believe such
a thing.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, before.the
vote is taken on the substitute offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts I request him to
mako a little modification in it. Should the
substitute bo adopted there will then be no
possibility of attaching to it the amendment I
offered, and which has been twice adopted by
the Senate. I suggest, therefore, to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to strike out the last
sentence of the second section of his amend-
ment and substitute my amendment for it.
Mr. SUMNER. I will do that willingly. I
voted for the amendment of the Senator.
Mr. DRAKE. I propose to strike out in
the second section of the Senator's proposi-
tion all after the word "mailing," in line
thirty-live, down to the end of line thirty-eight,
and to substitute the printed copy of the
amendment I offered before.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 accept it. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Several Senators. Question! Question 1
Mr. SUMNER. Senators say " question."
I desire, particularly after what has been said,
that Senators should know  
Mr. CONKLING. 1 rise to make a point
of order, which I do with great reluctance. I
have sat hero this evening, having myself a
strong disposition to say something upon this
question. Now, I beg to inquire whether the
rule is not that Senators who have twice 3poken
in a deba.te shall speak no more? 1 make
that point of order against every Senator,
which I would not do if it were not nearly
half after eleven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thayer
in the chair.) The Chair will stato that that
is the rule, as understood by the Chair, and of
course he will be obliged to enforce it if the
Senator from New York insists upon it.
Mr. CONlvLING. I do, and I will as to
all Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves to strike out
tlip amendment offered by the Senator from
Minnesota, as amended on the motion of the
Senator from Missouri, and to insert the sub-
stitute which has been read.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now let us vote on it.
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays;
and thov were ordered.
Mr. VTCKERS. If the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts should be adopted,
would it then be in order to strike out " one
cent" wherever it occurs and insert "two
cents ?''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not
be in order in Committee of the Whole, but it
can be done in the Senate if this amendment
should be adopted now.
