1732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
ship would be cleared, and, in accordance with such
notification, on the 7th of October a clearance was
issued. That these proceedings were under the direc-
tion and control of the military authorities of the
United States, then in possession of New Orleans.
That the general in command believed, and aoted
upon such belief, that the property contained in said
packages was the property of persons citizens of the
United States in open rebellion against the Govern-
ment; that the articles were contraband of war or
liable to confiscation.
The ship was detained for nineteen days in the
manner above stated, and subjected, as alleged, to
very groat losses. No claim is made for the oases so
taken, only for the detention of tho ship.
Yourcommitteehasmadethis brief synopsis of the
main facts alleged, without any desire or intention
to express any opinion upon the merits of the con-
troversy or the justice of the claim. It has been
rejected at the State Department.
- Tho Government of Prussia has requested that the
claim of the memorialist shall receive a judicial
investigation, claiming that treaty obligations be-
tween the two countries require such a reference.
Your committee believing that the United States
aTc bound in fulfillment of its obligations to give the
memorialist a hearing before ourown tribunals, have
unar'Tnously directed mo to presentthe accompany-
ing h -1, and recommend its passage.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear the
resolution read again.
The ChTef Clerk read the joint resolution.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire what
the amount of damages is alleged to be. It is
a matter of very great uncertainty now.
Mr. SUMNER. There are papers accom-
panying the resolution which show.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
order of business. I think that such a meas-
ure ought not to be passed without examina-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator, before
he objects to it, will simply consider the atti-
tude of this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have considered the
attitude of the question. It is a claim of a for-
eigner for damages for the detention of a vessel
at New Orleans.
Mr. SUMNER. We do not undertake to
decide whether the United States are liable or
not. We simply give jurisdiction to the Court
of Claims in the case; that is all. If he were
an American citizen he could go to the Court
of ClaimB without the intervention of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will alter
the resolution so as to make it " according to
the rules of international law" 
Mr. SUMNER. It does not seem to me to
be a question of international law at alL
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, say " according to
law.".
Mr. SUMNER. Then the resolution must
go back to the House of Representatives, the
Senator understands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought.
Mr. SUMNER. But I ask should it not be
"according to the principles of equity and
justice?"
Mr. SHERMAN. According to the princi-
ples of justice the court may think it is proper
for us to pay $1,000,000,000 in the southern
States, while according to well-established law,
the law of war, we are not bound to pay a cent.
According to principles of equity and justice
every loyal man in the southern States ought
to be paid for all damages done to his crops
and injuries to his farm; but according to law
he is not entitled to any, because he was in an
insurrectionary State. There is the distinction
here.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that distinction recog-
nized by the Court of Claims?
Mr. SHERMAN. Unquestionably. The
Coitrt of Claims would not give a judgment in
any case, I take it, except according to law;
not according to equity, but according to law.
But, Mr. President, I call for the regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me one moment to
remark that the object of the committee was
simply to place this foreign subject in the same
position as an Americau citizen as respects
the Court of Claims, and the Senator will see
a reason for that. Prussia has only two or
three—very few claims, as I understand, on
our Government. They are not numerous
enough to justify the creation of a commis-
sion by treaty. Now, we accomplish the same
result by authorizing a foreign subject to appear
before our Court of Claims; andl submit, shall
a foreign subject be excluded from that oppor-
tunity of remedy? It seems to me that he
ought to have it on principles of equity and
justice. Suppose this case were henrd before
an international commission, it would be de-
cided upon the principles of equity and justice;
and the present object is simply to secure for !
the foreigner who comes to our Court of Claims !
the same privileges as if he were an American
citizen. That is all. :,
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These pro- |j
ceedings have gone on by general consent, i
The Senator from Ohio calls for the unfinished :
business, which is Senate bill No. 380.
FUNDING BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 1
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refunding and consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities, and to establish specie payments, the
Sending question being on the amendment of
tr. Corbett to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, which was to strike out the
first, second, and third sections of the com-
mittee's amendment, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States be, and hereby is, authorized and empowered
to issue coupon and registered bonds of the United
States to the extent of $1,000,000,000, in bonds of
$1,000 each and having thirty-five y ears to run, inter-
est payable semi-annually, principal and interest
payable in gold coin; each bond to bear interest for
the first three years at the rate of six per cent, per
annum, for the six years following five per cent
per annum, and for the next six years four and a
half per cent, per annum, and for the twenty years
following four percent, per annum, the bonds and
the income therefrom to bo free from all tax what-
ever. The Secretary of the Treasury may exchange
the same at par for the bonds commonly called "five-
twenties," at the option of the holders of said bonds ;
or he may place the said bonds at home or abroad
upon the market at a uniform fixed price, the pro-
ceeds of which shall be used in redeeming "five-
twenty" bonds now outstanding.
Mr. CORBJ3TT. If there is no one else who
desires to speak on this amendment I wish to
explain it Driefly to the Senate, so that they
may understand what they are voting upon.
My proposition is to strike out the first, sec-
ond, and third sections of the bill, and to insert
a section providing for the issue of a bond that
shall run absolutely thirty-five years, bearing
interest for the first three years at the rate of
six per cent, per annum, for the next six
years at the rate of five per cent, per annum,
for the following six years at four and a half
per cent, per annum, and for the following
twenty years at four per cent, per annum.
The object of this amendment is to have, first,
a definite bond, one that shall be uniform and
of an amount sufficient to attract attention
both at Home and abroad. It seems to me
that the only objection which can be raised to
this form of bond is that perhaps never before
has such a bond been offered to the public.
But this proposition has not been presented
without aue consideration; it has not been
offered by chance, but after due consultation
with bankers and men who are fully advised
on this subject.
Many believe that such a bond when intro-
duced in the market will command at once the
attention of capitalists at home and abroad.
Why at home ?
First, because it gives to them the same rate
of interest that the five-twenty bonds now bear,
for the first six years, six per eent. per annum
in gold. It is secured against any tax what-
ever on either the principal or the income.
That is an advantage over the five^twenty bond
that now exists.
In the next place, after six years the interest
is five per cent., and that gives nine years
during which the holders will get a large rate
of interest, as on equivalent for the low rate of
interest for the following twenty-six years.
My reasoning is this: people who have their
investments now in our six per cent, bonds
are not going to exchange them for a four or
four and a half or even a five per cent. bond.
They will say, " Gentlemen, let us see your
money." They know that the five-twenty
bonds are payable in gold ; and unless you can
offer them a bond which shall be equivalent to
a certain extent for such a bond they will not
propose to exchange. I contend that this bond
is an equivalent. It is an absolute thirty-five
year bond, and on an average it bears an in-
terest of four and forty-three hundredths per
cent.
If parties can receive for the first three years
the same rate of interest they are now receiv-
ing, they may say "We will take this new bond j
we want to hold it for a few years longer until
the Government credit improves, and for the
next three years we shall get the same rate of
interest we are now getting, and if we choose
to hold it longer, till there is a still further
advance in the credit of the United States, we
can so hold it for six years longer, and during
that time get five per cent, per annum ; and
then we will dispose of the bond abroad as the
interest is reduced and the credit of the coun-
try improves." Certainly as long as the pres-
ent bonds are paying a high rate of interest it
is going to be difficult to negotiate a plain bond
at a low rate of interest. By my proposition
we combine a low rate of interest with a high
rate of interest, and in doing so we offer a pos-
itive bond of thirty-five years, which shall not
be funded or paid until that time arrives. The
proposition is to place $1,000,000,000 of this
debt beyond thirty-five years, and after the first
fifteen years it will be a charge of only four per
cent, per annum to the Government. We can
afford to keep out this debt bearing four per
cent, per annum, which will be only $40,000,000
per annum upon $1,000,000,000. That will
put off this amount for the next generation to
pay. It is my belief that if we extinguish all
our debt beyond $1,000,000,000 it is all the
present generation ought to do.
Hence, it seems to me that we should devise
some means whereby we shall make our new
bond a long bond and put it beyond the reach of
any funding scheme or any party that may
arise during these thirty-five years that may
propose to fund this debt again. If we make
it absolutely a thirty-five years bond we put it
beyond their reach; and if we make it free
from taxes, no party can tax the bond to make
it valueless. YVhatever party may come into
power we exempt from all tax the bond and
the income therefrom. It is important that
we should place that point beyond the reach
of any party, I care not whether it be the Re-
publican or the Democratic party or any new
party that may arise that may desire to repudi-
ate this debt. I wish to place this debt beyond
their reach, so that it will be no object for them
to attempt it. As each year progresses the
interest becomes lower, and it is of less im-
portance to repudiate the debt or tax it. When
it reaches four and a half per cent., after the
first nine years, it is no object, because the
people will see at once that this is bearing a
low rate of interest and no party can be justi-
fied in proposing its repudiation. When it
reaches six years more it is four per cent., and
they will reason in the same way. It will bring
our debt then down lower in proportion than (
that of any Government perhaps in Europe,
and by that time our credit will stand so high
that in case of another rebellion, or in case we
desire another loan, we can obtain it at near
the rate of four per cent. When the world ,
shall have seen that we are not going to repu-
diate our debt, and that we are paying it in gold,
according to our contract, they will be satisfied
and will take our loan at a low rate of interest. {
They will soon become acquainted with the
bonds I propose; they will be all placed prob- ..
ably in Surope by the time the interest reaches '
four per cent.
It seems to me that we should keep in view
the placing of this debt abroad in that manner ^
