420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Thdrmax,] who upon
principle, and upon sincere principle, opposes
the .whole of our reconstruction policy as it is
called, states to us frankly that he sees no ob-
jection to anybody who is an officer taking that
<5ath which the Constitutionof t'he United States
implies he ought to take in order to determine
whether he is one of the persons whom the
Constitution permits to hold office. Where,
then, is the objection to our asking these peo-
ple to give us some little proof at the same
moment we are holding out our hands to them
that they receive them in the spirit in which
we make the offer? I do not see any.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I do not
mean to take any time in discussing the merits
of this bill, but I rise to correct a misappre-
hension of my friend from Vermont in regard
to what I said or what I intended to say. He
said in his previous remarks that he was glad
to see that I approved of the principles of the
fourteenth amendment. In that he was mis-
taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's par-
don. 1 did not say, or did not intend to say,
that I understood him as approving of the prin-
ciple of the amendment, but of the principle,
if it were an amendment, of all persons con-
forming to it.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; that is very
correct. I have too often expressed my dis-
agreement with the disfranchising clauses of the
fourteenth amendment to make it necessary
for me to repeat it now. What I say now is,
that I would have no objection to requiring a
man to swear that he was not disqualified by
the fourteenth amendment when it shall be a
part of the Constitution ; and I would be glad,
as I said, if these gentlemen had taken that
oath, simply because then there would be no
necessity for delaying action by any such
amendment.
But I suggest to my friend from Vermont
that if he thought this necessary he ought to
have made it a condition-precedent in the bill
we passed at the last session. Then these gen-
tlemen would have known that they had to
take this oath, and it would no doubt have
been taken by all of them who could conscien-
tiously do it; and besides, then the people
would not have elected any one who could not
conscientiously take the oath. This is a judg-
ment which comes too late, for it is after the
fact. It is a new condition imposed upon them.
It is unjust to delay them thus,even if it be but
thirty days, by requiring what you did not re-
quire by the act you passed at the last session
and which they have endeavored faithfully to
carry out. If there was some good reason for
it I should not object. If there was any gen-
tleman who could get up here and say tfiatany
considerable number of that Legislature are
disqualified by the fourteenth amendment I
should not object, no matter what my opinions
of the fourteenth amendment might be. But
once more I call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that not one single man of that Legis-
lature has been named who is disqualified,
and the most that can be said by the Senator
from Vermont is that be believes that two or
three, or possibly four—and that is ambiguous ;
but it can mean only four—of the two or three
hundred members of that Legislature are dis-
qualified by the fourteenth amendment, when
the fact is that General Canby investigated the
very matter, and refused to grant a certificate
to any man who was disqualified by the four-
teenth amendment. And now, without one
pai ticle of evidence that there is a single man
disqualified, without one man named as a per-
son who is disqualified by that amendment on
an investigation by the commanding general,
and a finding by him that those who took their
seats were not disqualified, upon the mere
•'they say," to use the language of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] of somebody
or other, the Senator from Vermont would
postpone for thirty days the admission of
Virginia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. With great pleasure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where does he get the
evidence that General Canby did anything of
the kind he says ?
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] is much more familiar with the
documents, and I think he read something of
that kind yesterday.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me I will say a word, as I am on the floor. I
do not doubt that the evidence exists, but I
have not had the pleasure to have in the report
of the committee the statement that they had
before them any evidence at all upon this sub-
ject, one way or the other. I was not present
in committee when this subject was considered,
but I have been told by respectable gentlemen
from Virginia, whose honor, I think, is as high
as that of any member who hears me from what
I have seen and know and have heard of them,
that they appealed to the committee in vain to
be heard and to show what they desired to show
upon the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. Appealed to the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate? ■
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to see the
man who would stand up and say he ever did
any such thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 can produce him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That brings up a state-
ment that I am very much astonished to hear.
No gentleman applied to the Committee on the
Judiciary, so far as I am informed, and cer-
tainly not to me, to lay any facts before it.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
allow me, I desire to bear the same testimony
so far as I am concerned. I never heard of
such an offer until I heard of it yesterday in
this debate.
Mr. STEWART. I never heard of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was very much aston-
ished to hear that statement yesterday in a
paper read from the Senator from Massachu-
setts 
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
a memorial.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A memorial which that
Senator thought proper to have read, and
thereby indorsed. The rules of the Senate do
not allow memorials to be read.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
I asked to have it read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was very much sur-
prised to hear a paper of that kind read in the
Senate. I do not know what action the com-
mittee might have thought proper to take if
such an application had been made. It is very
likely that the class of persons who have been
sitting by the side of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, from time to time spurring him on
with suggestions, might not have been permit-
ted to take up the time of the Judiciary Com-
mittee with that kind of suggestions; but if
any facts had been offered by anybody with
reference to this question I am quite sure the
committee would have been very happy to
receive them. At any rate, no such facts were
offered to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator pardon
me 
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will excuse me.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not yield now. I
want to reply to what the Senator from Illi-
nois has said to me. What he has said makes
it necessary that I should be a little more defi-
nite. A gentleman, whose name I will fur-
nish to my friend from Illinois privately, and
whose name I think he will respect when he
knows who he is and what he is, stated to me
this morning—and it was not the gentleman
who sat by the Senator from Massachusetts
and no person who has been in this Chamber
to my knowledge—that he and one or two
others, representing what they considered to
be the loyal element of Virginia, and desiring
to lay before the committee not arguments, but
facts touching all these questions, went to the
door of the committee-room on the morning of
its session when it had this subject up and
appealed to the messenger to be permitted to
go in and be heard, and that the messenger
went in and came out with the statement to
them that they could not be heard. That is
the evidence. I do not say that it is true,
because I do not know. I only say that this
is what this gentleman, whom I respect, states.
That does not imply that the committee was
guilty of any blame in this matter, because
there may have been a misunderstanding. It
may be that the messenger did not state who
the people were, or on what business they were,
who applied for admission to the committee-
room at that time. But that is what this
gentleman says was the fact; and therefore
this gentleman is now here complaining of
the conduct of the Senate and of the Judi-
ciary Committee, because he has not been
permitted to lay before them the proofs upon
which he claims further action and further
conditions ought to be submitted. It may be
that those proofs would amount to nothing.
That is not the point, but the point is whether
or not we now have before us on the report of
this committee any evidence upon one side or
the other, but merely the bare bill proceeding
upon public knowledge which we are supposed
to have of public events in general. That I
suppose to be the fact; and I did not speak of
it as blaming the committee, but only in reply
to my friend from Ohio, as accounting for the
fact that we had not any evidence at all before
us upon either side. We can kick out of the
public records, as my honorable friend from
Nevada has done, the statements of General
Canby, and we can take the message of the
President of the United States; but when we
are asking to know ourselves what is the exact
condition of things in Virginia at this time, wo
have not had a particle of evidence, and it is
not alleged that the committee made any in-
vestigation on that point. I do not claim that
they were bound to do so. I only say that we
are obliged to proceed on our own individual
knowledge in this case as we may pick it up,
for the reason I have named.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois did me the honor to refer to me
a moment ago as acting under the influence
of certain persons sitting by my side. Will the
Senator be good enough to mention the per-
sons he referred to ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only know that a per-
son not a member of this Senate has been
occupying a very prominent place near the
Senator frt>m Massachusetts, and I think the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] can bear wit-
ness that he has often held his seat while this
subject of Virginia has been under consider-
ation. He is nota member of the Senate, and
I did not recognize him as a member of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. POMEROY. He is a member-elect.
_Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no acquaintance
with the person.
Mr. SUMNER. But I understood the Sen-
ator to speak in the plural; he spoke of " per-
sons sitting near the Senator from Massaehu-
setts
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is enough for my
purpose if a person was there improperly.
Mr. SUMNER. "Improperly!" The Sen-
ator was not aware that the gentleman with
whom I conferred was a member-elect of the
other House from Virginia, from the Richmond
district.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Who was he ?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Porter. Is he excluded
from the floor 1
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose he has no
right upon this floor at all.
Mr. SUMNER. How is it with Governor
Walker, will the Senator be good enough to
