1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4565
Mr. SUMNER. That may be moved in
advance.
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask whether this is
a proposition to substitute the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts in lieu of the
original proposition of the Senator from Min-
nesota ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is oil substituting the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts in place of
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. BAYARD. With due respect to the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and
without in the least degree expressing any dis-
trust of this measure that he has proposed to
the Senate, I still consider the matter of suffi-
cient importance to be worthy of prolonged
consideration, not by the Senate in this way,
but by some committee with the light of the
facts which perhaps this discussion upon the
franking system has developed. I could wish
that this proposition of his should be submitted
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
lioads, that they might take counsel perhaps
with the head of the Post Office Department,
and have this matter more fully considered
before we are called upon to vote on it. I feel
disposed to vote for the proposition. At the
same time I am not clear upon the subject. It
is certainly a departure from a system which has
been long existing 111 this country, and which
I think will affect the convenience and business
of the country very seriously. The Senate has
not heard of this proposition until very lately;
and I would ask, therefore, whether it would
be in order to move to recommit the present
bill, together with the substitute offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts, to the Committee
on Post. Offices and Post Roads?
Mr. CONKLING. It is an appropriation
bill.
Mr. BAYARD. It has been attached to
an appropriation bill? [''Yes."] Then I
presume my motion would not be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment.
Mr. McDONALD. On this question the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthoxy] is
paired with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds.] If the Senator from Rhode Island
were here he would vote nay, and the Senator
from Vermont yea.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 25 ; as iollows :
YEAS—Messrs. Drake, Fowler, Grilbert, Harris,
McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Bice, Boss, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Victors., and
Warner—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow.Casser-
ly, Chandler, Coie. Conkling, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Johnston, MoCrecry, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
Scott, Sprasrue, Thuvman, Trumbull, A\ lllcy, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Antnouy, -boreman,
Buckingham, Cameron. Carpenter, Oattell, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Kenton, Ferry, Managan,
Hamilton ot Texas, Howard, Howell, Kellogg, iicwu,
Morrill of Vermont, Horton, Pomeroy, Revels, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury. Scliurz, Sherman, Stockton, up-
ton, and Yates—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair an
amendment, which I wish to have come m at
the end as a proviso, and on that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to tne
amendment, as follows:
ProtidnL That the postage on all letters, whether
passing through the mails or collected or deliveied
by po.-tal agents, shall bo at tlie uniform rate ot ono
cent tor each half ounce or fraction thcreot.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I am in order
now ; am I not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish now that the Sen-
ate shall see precisely where they are. We
have been told to-night that we must get rid ol
what Senators insist upon calling the frank-
ing privilege," and my excellent colleague has
reminded us of his toils in the exercise of that
privilege. Is not that regarding this question
in the light of our own personal .convenience?
I put the question; I do not answer it; Sen-
ators can answer it. I do not see what I
insist upon calling " the franking system" in
any such light. It is not a privilege, and it
never has been to me. It is to me, as it has
been to my colleague, a burden, which so far
as I am concerned I would gladly be relieved
of. But I look beyond myself; I look beyond
my colleague, beyond my associates in this
Chamber; and I see the American people, and
to them I know that the franking system has
been something valuable and of service. If
it is a privilege, it is a privilege to the people,
because it enables them to come quickly and
cheaply to the Senators and Representatives
and the Government, and it enables them to
receive documents, speeches, if you please, and
information at small charge.
But how small a question it is if you con-
sider the vote we are now to take as merely to
relieve ourselves of a privilege! Sir, against
that I have put the proposition on which you
are to vote, which is not to relieve anybody of
a privilege, but is to relieve the people of a
tax ; and against all that I have heard said from
all quarters I still come back to the postulate
with which I began, that the natural, proper
rate of postage in our country is the lowest unit
of coin. If we had a lower unit of coin than a
cent I should adopt it; and I proclaim this pol-
icy as the true policy of the Republic. A con-
trary policy I hold up as one inconsistent with
the whole idea of American institutions. By
those institutions we recognize the people as
the fountain of power; therefore should we in
every way furnish to the people facilities for
intercourse and communion. We are a people
of many languages now, of many origins. Let
us become united and homogeneous. What
will accomplish that more than cheap postage?
We are a people lately disturbed and torn by
a bloody war. What can be more beneficent
in bringing us all together again m blessed har- |
mony than a cheap postal eel-vice?
Sir, for the sake of my country, for the sake
of republican institutions, of which we are the
representative, and that our postal system may
bo the best in the world, I ask you to adopt
the amendment which I have now moved. I
am unwilling to have any one say that any
postal system in any country is better than
ours. All who are familiar with other systems
are obliged to confess that ours is defective,
and that we may obtain light by turning to
foreign examples. It was England that led the
way on this service, not through her politicians,
not through her aristocracy, not through any
of her grand historic names, but through the
exertions of a simple citizen, the son of a
schoolmaster, Rowland Hill. It was lie who
gave that system to his countryand if any
man deserves honor in history it is this great
benefactor.
We, too, may do something in the same
direction. Our postal service is better now
than that of England when Rowland Hill com-
menced his efforts; but, in my judgment, our
postal system still needs reform. Wo have not
got far enough. Following the lead of Row-
land Hill, and loaning on his arguments and
illustrations, we have already done something;
but much more remains to be done. This
question never can be at rest until you settle
down upon what I insist is the natural and
practical rate for a letter—the lowest unit ot
coin.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the gross
receipts of the Post Office Department are now
$18,000,000 per annum. This bill proposes
to appropriate $26,000,000, so that the Post
Office Department fails to pay its expenses by
$8,000,000. Reduce the price of postages to
one cent instead of three, as they now are, and
what will be the deficit? How much will you
have to make up out of the general revenue?
You will have to make up twice $8,000,000, at
the least, after allowing the 'increased number
of letters that will go through the mails.
Now, it may be said that it matters not
whether the Post Office Department is sus-
tained by a tax on letters in the shape of post-
age or by the taxes that are raised and paid
into the general revenue of the country; but
it does make a great difference, because the
tax in one ease is paid by those who ought to
pay it, and in the other it is paid by persons
who derive little or no benefit from it.
But, sir, I do not want to discuss this matter.
What I wish to say is this: it is not fair, it is
not right to pass an appropriation bill like this
at this time of tha night, voting $26,000,000
away, without one single word of inquiry in
respect to those items. Therefore I move thai
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKLINO- and Mr. MORTON. Let
us get through with the franking part of it first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
not in order on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us divide first.
xThe PRESIDING OFFICER. A division
will be taken first.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 13, noes 25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the amendment sub-
mitted by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] to the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey.]
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VICKERS. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That the postage on all letters, whether
passing through the mails or eollccted or delivered
by postal agents, shall bo at the uniform rato of one
cent for each half ounce or fraction thereof.
The question being taken by yeas aud nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Drake, Eoivler,Harris, McDonald,
Nyc, Osborn, Pool, Itice, Ross, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Vickers, and Warner—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow, Cas-
serly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe. Johnston, McCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott.
Sprague, Thurman, Trumbull, W llley, Williams, and
Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell, Uorbett,
Oragin, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan,
Uilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Howell, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Revels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sherman, Stockton, Tipton, and Yates—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FOWLER. I now move my amend-
ment, to strikeout all after the enacting clause
of the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota, and insert:
That after November 1,1870, all matter now; mail-
ablo according to law shall be transmitted free of
charge.
Mr. SPENCER. I suggest that the Senator
had better say " October," so as to make it an
even quarter.
Mr. FOWLER. I should have no objection
to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Tennessee.
Mr. FOWLEIi. I ask for the yeas and nays
i1 uPon ;t- i , ■
■ ! The yeas and nays were ordered \ and being
i| taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 31; as follows:
!j YEAS—Messrs. Fowler, Harris, McDonald, Rico,
'! and Sponcer—6. ^
! NAYS—Messrs. Amos, Bayara, Brownlow, Cas-
serly. Chandler. Colo, Conkling, Drake, Hamilton
i of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Johnston,
,! McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morion, Pool, 1 l-att,
H Ramsey Sawyer, Scott, Sprague, Stewart Simmer,
I; Thurmam Trumbull, Vickers, Warner, Willey, V il-
ii ^AJJSEifT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
