1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
say ? Has he a title to the floor ? lias it come
to this, that those who are speaking for a
disloyal Legislature would exclude conference
with the loyal people of Virginia, for that
is the point of the Senator from Illinois?
He speaks for a disloyal Legislature ; I use lan-
guage which I mean, a disloyal Legislature—
a Legislature which cannot take the oath pre-
scribed by the law of the land. The gen-
tleman with whom I was in conference is
iu no such condition. He is a loyal citizen
of Virginia, and a member-elect of the other
House. This criticism of the Senator from
Illinois is a specimen of the way in which this
disloyal Legislature is defended on this floor.
It is a specimen of the attempt which is now
making to crush down the loyal people of Vir-
ginia, white and black. Sir, I do not wish to
be called now into this debate. I do not know
that I shall say another word in it, though
before it closes I may; but I do object to this
superfluous, supererogatory criticism on a mere
incident of business connected with thefloor of
the Senate. The Senator has made a mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Vermont proceeded to specify how
the Committee on the Judiciary had been
sought to be approached with a view to laying
facts before it in regard to the qualifications of
the members of the Virginia Legislature. It
is the first time that I ever had any knowledge
that anybody sought to lay any facts before the
committee. I had no knowledge of anybody's
approaching the committee on that subject. It
is possible that persons may have applied for
entrance to the room while the committee was
in session, and the messenger may have^ in-
formed them that the committee was in session,
or may have informed me that gentlemen
wished to see me and I may have declined to
see them at that time, as I most probably
should. But no communication ever reached
me from any person as desiring to lay; any facts
before the committee in regard to this matter.
So much for that.
Now, sir, in regard to the assault which the
Senator from Massachusetts, in his modesty in
assuming to represent the loyal people, has
made. Who inaugurated him as the leader of
the loyal people of this country ? Upon what
sort of food does he feed that he comes here
and talks about the loyal people of the country?
When did he become tieir exclusive represent-
ative ? Is he any more loyal than anybody else
upon this floor? Has he any higher claims to
patriotism or to loyalty or to devotion to the
country than anybody else ? Is he the peculiar
representative of loyal men who stands up here
to defend a person who, when speaking of the
Government of the United States and the Pres-
ident of the United States in drinking-saloons
in the city of Norfolk, charged this Govern-
ment as 1 will not quote the vile language
here; I will not quote the epithets; but who
charged this Government as being a "humbug
from beginning to end," and who said, "It
you had been in Washington you would say as
I do."
Mr. SUMNER. Who is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatis the Mr. Porter,
the loyal man whom the Senator from Massa-
chusetts brings upon the floor of the Senate,
as I understand!
Mr. SUMNI5R. Never.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I am glad that the
Senator did not bring him here. I should have
been sorry to find that he had introduced upon
the floor of the Senate, in defiance of its rules,
that individual. I have had placed in my hands
within a few minutes what purports to be the
trial before a military commission in the de-
partment of Virginia and North Carolina of3
"one Charles H. Porter, a citizen of Norfolk,
Virginia," charged " with using seditious
and treasonable language toward the United
States;" with "conduct prejudicial to good
order and military discipline;" with "using
contemptuous and disrespectful language^ ol
the President of the United States and against
its Congress;" with "being drunk, riotous,
and disorderly for the space of nine'days con-
secutively," [laughter;] and at the end of it I
find:
"The court, after mature deliberation upon the
evidence adduced, find the accused as follows:
" Of thefirst specification ofthefirst charge, guilty.
"Of the second specification of the first charge,
guilty.
"Of the first charge, guilty.
' Of thefirst specification of thesecond charge, not
guilty.
" Of the second specification of the second charge,
guilty.
" Of thesecondcharge, guilty.
" Of the third charge, guilty of being drunk."
But not for the nine days. [Laughter.] If
the Senator from Massachusetts, who repre-
sents the loyal people par excellence, has
selected this individual as a sample of the pure
and virtuous and unspotted loyalty which he
represents, why, sir, I shall not cavil with him
as to being the leader of such loyalty !
The Senator thought proper, as is liis custom
sometimes I think, to make an attack upon
somebody else. Why Governor Walker was
lugged in here I do not know. If Governor
Walker was in the Chamber yesterday 1 did
not have the pleasure of seeing him ; nor do I
remember to have seen him about the Cham-
ber, though very likely he may have been. As
I understand the rules of the Senate, Governors
of States have entry to the Senate floor, and I
understand that Governor Walker is the pro-
visional governor of the State of Virginia by
appointment of the President of the United
States, or of General Canby acting under the
authority of the President of the United States,
and I believe, therefore, he would properly have
the entry of the floor of the Senate. Hence I
think that assault upon Governor Walker was
entirely gratuitous.
Mr. SUMNER. What attack upon Gov-
ernor Walker?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The attack upon Gov-
ernor Walker for being upon the floor of the
Senate, by the Senator from Massachusetts
naming him.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But, Mr. President,
these are matters that I am very sorry to see
drawn into the discussion of sucha question as
that which we have under consideration. I
always regret any of these departures from the
discussion of the question upon which the Sen-
ate is to pass ; but the statement of the Sen-
ator from Vermont in regard to the action of
the Committee on the Judiciary made it abso-
lutely necessary to refer to these personal mat-
ters; and in regard to persons who appear
upon the floor of the Senate, it is not my busi-
ness to lecture the Senate or to prescribe rules
for anybody else ; but so far as I myself am
concerned T regard it as somewhat improper,
certainly not strictly proper, for any persons
outside of the Senate to be passing among
Senators here and urging any matters in which
they may be interested. When we formerly
occupied the old Senate Chamber there was a
screen behind the outer row of Senators' seats,
and persons did not come in and take posses-
sion of the seats of Senators or approach them
to urge the passage of measures in which they
might be supposed to have an interest, or in
which they did have an interest, and I think it
is out of place here ; and prescribing a rule
for my own action, I do not myself like to be
approached by outside parties as I have seen
it sometimes done in the Senate very recently.
When we had under consideration's bill some
days ago in which there was considerable
interest, it could not have escaped the obser-
vation of Senators that there were persons pass-
ing through the Senate from _ one Senator to
another, persons taking an interest in that
bill, making suggestions and urging upon Sen-
ators this course or that. That would do well
enough perhaps at the polls on some election
day, but it does not commend itself to me as a
proper practice in the Senate of the United
States.
However, sir, Senators will govern them-
selves, of course, according to their own sense
of propriety in such matters, and I should not
have alluded to this topic but for its being called
out by the observations of other Senators.- •-
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President; you "may
remember in ecclesiastical history the story of
a bishop who said,'' I judge myself to be burnt,"
so entirely satisfied was he of his ecclesiastical
guilt. Listening to the Senator from Illinois I
was reminded of this early incident. After a
speech, from beginning to end one prolonged
personality, where from his first sentence to his
last he did not forget his personal object, he
breaks forth with the declaration that person-
alities are wrong; that they ought never to be
introduced. Did not the Senator condemn
himself? Didhenotjudgehimself to be burnt?
I know not if that Senator, considering the
ardor with which he has entered into this dis-
cussion, is open to reason. I am inclined to
think he is not, when I reflect upon what_ he
has just saidand see how, throughout, it is with-
out reason; how he does the very thing that he
condemns, and then proceeds still further to
arraign another person who has no privilege
of reply on this floor. The Senator is cour-
ageous ; he attacks the absent, lie attacks a
member-elect of the other House, and in the
pursuit of that attack proceeds to arraign me,
who had presumed to converse with him, "My
offense hath this extent, no" more." I have
conferred with the honorable member-elect
from Richmond, and for this the Senator from
Illinois makes an assault on him and then on
me. I repel his assault.
Has not the member-elect from the Rich-
mond district an equal privilege on this floor
with" the provisional governor of Virginia?
Will the Senator from Illinois assert the con-
trary ? The member-elect -was here, if not by
the precise rules of this body, yet in conformity
with well-established usage and courtesy; but
all this cannot save him from the assault of
the Senator from Illinois.
The Senator began by asking if I was the
exclusive representative of the loyal people.
Oh! no, sir; I am not. Happy am I to think
that no such great responsibility is on my
shoulders. But I know too well that the loyal
people of the South, including the millions of
the colored race, find little support in the Sen-
ator from Illinois. I have tried in my humble
way to do what I cbuld for them, and I mean
to continue in that way to the end. I wish,
that in that I could have the support of the
Senator; but his course, we know, on this
great subject of reconstruction, from the early
beginning down to this date, has been way-
ward, eccentric, running off from the line of
just safety and protection. How can we ex-
pect to recall him now who has been so long a
wanderer? Had ho begun in a different way,
had he traveled regularly on the great highway,
we might now count upon his support. He is
acting still according to his own precedents.
How often before have we been obliged to en-
counter his influence as we were seeking to lay
the great foundations of peace and reconcilia-
tion in this Republic! How oftenhas he shown
his tenderness for theremains of the rebellion,
and refused to join us in trampling it out. And
now, again, that this rebellion is again lifting its
jiead seeking to enthrone itself on an act of
Congress and to obtain additional preroga-
tives in the independence of Virginia, the Sen-
ator from Illinois, true to the precedents of
his life, comes forward to help their cause.
Sir, I am not with him, but I am against him.
I am for the loyal people of the country witn-
out distinction of color. For them all I would
provide a protection that will be a true safe-
^ Sir, it is sad to be obliged to-say these things
at this late day. It is sad to be obliged to
to such a speech as we have heard from the
distinguished Senator. It is melancholy, it
will be written down hereafter as an unhappy-
chapter in our history that one having rcached
