1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2677
law of the State of Georgia in subordination
to the Constitution and laws of the United
Statesand the constitution of the State of Geor-
gia; and the distinction between the action of
the Legislature of 1808 and 1870 is this: un-
der the constitution of the State of Georgia,
which is paramount to this code of laws, the
colored men were entitled to the'ir seats, and
it was illegal and revolutionary, as Congress
has decided, to expel those members, because
they were entitled to their seats there under
the constitution of the State, which overruled
the code; but tlio act of 1870 was an act where
the members were found to be ineligible, and
so this code applied and allowed the Legisla-
ture to seat persons, competitors of those who
were ineligible, who had received the next
highest number of votes at the election. That
code applies to every officer in the State of
Georgia from the highest to the lowest, and
employs the most unqualified terms for that
purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will ray friend be good
enough to point out to us in this constitution
that clause which confers the right of office-
holding upon colored men ? He saya the con-
stitution gave them the right to hold office.
Will he be good enough to point out that
clause?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think it neces-
sary to point out that clause, because the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate and Congress
have decided that the expulsion of the colored
men from their seats was illegal and revolu-
tionary. Does not the Senator know that there
was no law in the State of Georgia but the new
constitution of the State that entitled them to
seats? Certainly the code of Georgia, Irwin's
Code, excluded them, because it was made
when slavery was in existence and negroes
were not considered as citizens ; butwhen the
new constitution came into effect colored men
were put upon an equality with white men as
to political rights and privileges; and it was
on that ground, and no other, that it was held
by Congress that the expulsion of those men
was illegal and revolutionary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is rather a wide
geneializationforthe Judiciary Committee and
also for my friend. When he asserts that the
constitution of Georgia gives the colored man
a right to hold office as well as to vote, and I
ask him to point out the place in it, lie refers
us to the result of a report of the Judiciary
Committee which was made on the basis I have
stated, that Irwin's Code had nothing to do
with the question of office-holding there, or
with political rights, and that the constitution,
therefore, was the sole guide, although the con-
stitutional convention had made Irwin's Code
thelaw. Itseemsto methatit is rather stretch-
ing a point to say, therefore, the colored man
is entitled to hold office as well as to vote. My
friend seems to have forgotten that this consti-
tution was adopted at a time when the advanced
post of the Republican party as a body was
only insisting upon the right of suffrage for the
colored man ; and it was #nly my friend from
Massachusetts and myself and three or four
others who could be found in this body to stand
up for both the right to vote and the right to
hold office; and, therefore, the constitution of
Georgia was gingerly, to use a homely expres-
sion, on the suhj ect of office-holding. It declared
who might be electors, and gave the right of
suffrage to every man who was a citizen of the
United States ; but it carefully did notjsay that
every elector should be qualified and eligible to
hold office.
Therefore my friend will permit me to sug-
gest to him that it appears to me and always
has appeared to me (because we have had this
matter long under consideration ; as my friend
from Michigan said, this is rather an oid story
:o some of us who have studied it all the time)
that the only sound ground upon which we could
condemn the expulsion of the negroes was that
that code did not apply at all, and therefore,
inasmuch as the constitution of Georgia did
not inhibit a colored citizen from the right to
hold office, and the people had elected him, we
decided that he had the right; and I think that
is the true ground.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (JTr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Oregon, upon
■which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Ames answered to his name.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it too late to have the
question divided?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late
unless by unanimous consent-
Mr. EDMUNDS. A motion to strike out
and insert cannot bo divided any way.
Mr. FERRY. The roll-call has commenced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
strike out and insert is not divisible; although
if it is lost a motion to strike out alone may
afterward be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On this question I am
paired off with the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Revels,] who is necessarily absent to-
day. 1 should vote against this amendment
and he would vote for it if he were present.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 was paired with my col-
league, [Mr. Robertson,] who is absent on
account of illness in his lamily, on the main
question—the question on the bill and also on
the Bingham amendment. I infer that my
colleague would vote "yea" on this prop-
osition, and I should vote "nay;" but being
paired with him I shall not vote at all.
Mr. ROSS. On this question 1 am paired
with the Senator from Illinois who is absent,
[Mr. Yates.] If he were here he would vote
for this proposition and I should vote against it.
Mr. VICKERS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cameeok] requested me to say
that ho was paired with the Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Bayard.] The Senator from
Pennsylvania if here would vote "yea," and
the Senator from Delaware "nay."
The Secretary concluded the roll-call; and
the result was announced—yeas 21, nays 25;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahbott, Ames Duremail, Chand-
ler, Cole, Drake, denton, .Flanagan, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Howard, Howell, Lewis, Nye, Oc-
born, Itamsey, llice, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Warner, Williams, and Wilson—21.
NAY'd—Messrs. Anthony, .Buckingham, Carpen-
ter, Cas-serly, Corbott, Davis, Perry, .Fowler. Ham-
ilton of Maryland, IIowc, Johnston, McCrecry,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Pratt, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spraguo. Stockton,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickors, and Willoy—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, lirownlow. Cameron,
Cattell, Colliding, Cragin, Edmunds, llamlin, llar-
lan, Harris. Kellogg, McDonald, Morton, .Norton,
X'omeroy, l'ool, Itevels, Itobertson, Ross, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Tliurman, and Yates—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer an amendment, which
I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
to which the motion just rejected was an
amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Let the amendment be re-
ported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, to strike out the whole proviso known
as the Bingham amendment.
Mr.POMEROY. Itisinordernow, Itakeit,
to submit an amendment as a substitute for the
proviso known as the Bingham amendment,
and also lor the bill. I am aware, however,
that the amendment which 1 am going to offer
is not strictly in order as a substitute for the
Bingham amendment, but it is as a substitute
for the whole bill, and I want tho sense of the
Senate on that quostion. I hardly know how
to vote on any of these amendments until I know
the sense of the Senateon thesingle proposition
to continue Georgia with its present Legisla-
ture under the reconstruction laws of Con-
gress.
That is the xeal point that I want the sense
of the Senate upon. Without saying anything
about the law of the case, for 'that has been
discussed by others, knowing the condition
of Georgia, knowing its people, knowing the
divisions and the irregularities there, I think
it is better that they have a new election this
fall under the reconstruction acts, with a good
military commander, under the supervision of
Congress, and come here at the next session
under a new organization so far as the Legis-
lature is concerned, and then, if it is found to
be regular, how easy will be the question of
admission.
There is no way of making this question of .
Georgia clear, in my opinion, by admitting
them in their present state. I do not think,
if we compel an election there this fall, under
this constitution, with this State government,
that we can hope for any peace or order or a
fair election. 1 do not believe that; but I do
believe that if we can have an election in Geor-
gia under the law of Congress, with our mili-
tary commander controlling, with the forces
of the United States to preserve order and to
protect the ballot-box; not to control the way
men shall vote—that is not what I mean—but
to give every one a fair expression of his senti-
ments at the polls, we can have an election in
Georgia that will be creditable to the State and
satisfactory to Congress.
I do not think it is a hardship for us to de-
clare now, as we have a right to do, that their
present government shall be considered pro-
visional still longer until they have had a fair
election this fall. It will not delay them, be-
cause it is only a question as between April
and November, and the object to be attained
is to create, if possible, harmony and union
among tho Union people of Georgia; and I do
believe that if they can have another election,
well protected and carried on regularly, as it
can be done now under the laws of Congress,
they will find harmony among themselves at
the ballot-box, and it will promote harmony in
the State. It is a peace-offering to Georgia.
But if you send them down there with their
Legislature as now organized with the power
to perpetuate itself, or if you legislate part of
them out of office, and compel an election this
fall, you send down there an apple of discord,
to be quarreled over, that will cause division
among our own friends, and you send down a
contest there which may lead even to blood-
shed. I do not think we ought to do it. Let
everything be held in abeyance for a few months,
until they can have an election. 1 understand
that our own friends, if I may be allowed to
speak of our party friends, have no hesitancy,
if they can have protection, to having an elec-
tion this fall. What they fear is an "election
without protection, an election not under the
laws of Congress, but under the laws of the
State of Georgia, which a great portion of the
people of the State dispute. I want an elec-
tion under the laws of Congress. I do not
think it is a measure of hardship, but of friend-
ship to the loyal people of Georgia. I ask the
Secretary to read my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read for information.
The Secretary read tho proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all of the ori-
ginal bill after the enacting clause and to
insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the existing government in tho Stato of
Georgia is hereby declared to bo provisional, and
tho same shall continue subject to the provisions of
tho acts of Congress of March 2, 1807. and March 23,
ISC", and of July 19,18G7, until tho admission of said
State by law to representation in Congress; and for
this purpose the State of Georgia shall consti tutothe
third military district. , m, ■
Sec. ?. And he -it, further enacted, Tnatin accordance
with tlio provisions of, and under the powers and
legislation provided in, said acts, an election shall
bo held m said Stato oil the first Tuesday of Septem-
ber, 1870, for all the members of tile General Assem-
bly of said Stato provided for in tho constitution of
said State, adopted by its convention onthe 11th day
of March, 1868; and said General Assombly so elected
shall assemble at the capitol of said Stato on tho 23d
day of November, 1870, and organize preparatory to
the admission of tho Stato to representation in Con-
