187a
THB! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1733
at a low rate of interest. As the interest gets
lower and oar credit improves we shall find
places for these bonds after having introduced
them into the foreign market. By that time
they will be the basis of banking institutions,
of savings institutions, and an investment for
all classes of people that want a permanent
investment. They will be like the English con-
sols,an investment yielding four percent, abso-
lute interest without any risk or any doubt.
Upon this amendment I desire to take the
sense of the Senate. It seems to me that if this
proposition is considered and looked upon in
its proper light it may be introduced into this
Ull to its advantage. Perhaps it will be said
that no such bond has ever been introduced;
but it is a simple proposition. The coupons
for each class of interest will be attached to
the bond. After you have taken off your first
six coupons the bond bears five per cent, inter-
est. The first six coupons bear six per cent,
per annum. After you have taken off the next
twelve coupons the bond beqra four and a half
per cent. After you have taken off the next
twelve coupons it bears four per cent. Then
you have a bond for twenty years bearing four
per cent, interest.
I was very much in hopes that the Committee
on Finance might see fit to embrace some such
proposition in this bill. The Senate is very
thin; and it seems almost hopeless to take a
vote on this proposition now with so thin a
Senate and with so few understanding it. I
know the disadvantages of making such a prop-
osition as against a measure of the Finance
Committee,who havediscussedthequestion,it is
true, in their committee-room, and who havehad
the adviee of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
lias presented the proposition embraced in their
bill, and of course desires the passage of that
bill, 1 suppose. Still, I think that it is no reason
agaiust the proposition I have offered simply
to suggest the fact that it has never been em -
braced in a loan bill before. I have received
a great many letters with regard to this prop-
osition, and the writers believe that it can be
made effective, and that such a bond can be
placed upon the market to the amount of
$1,000,000,000 within the next year, with a
reasonable interest taken in it.
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose the Senator would
like to divide the Senate on his proposition.
Mr. CORBETT, Yes, sir; I should.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is not   quo-
rum now present.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest that we have an
understanding to take a vote to-morrow at four
o'clock, divide on this proposition to-night,
and then adjourn. It seems to me we can come
to an understanding now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. To vote on what?
Mr. STEWART. Vote on all the questions.
[Laughter. ] It seems to me there ought to be
some end to this bill. Let us have an agree-
ment to vote to-morrow, or if not to-morrow
the day after to-morrow. Let us come to an
agreement to vote. Those who are absent will
be bound by it. It will not be very honorable
to them to complain of it if they will not come
here and see whatis going on. Let us have an
understanding to take the vote fit some future
time.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask the Senator if
he knows whether the debate is yet exhausted ?
I do not.
Mr. STEWART. I do not. I should like to
pot the time a little way ahead 60 as to ex-
haust any reasonable debate. There are other
very important matters pressing. I should like
to kaow the views'of the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it would be better,
perhaps, to adjourn now. I do not wish to
make that motion to break up the Senate; but
I do not think it advisable to divide the Senate
on the proposition of the Senator from Oregon
in this thin Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not desire to divide
the Senate upon this proposition if it is going
to break up a quorum; and I will proceed to
discuss some other amendments that I have
proposed in the mean time.
My next amendment is in section five. I
propose to strike out all after the word "States,''
in the third line, so that the fifth section will
read:
That the coupons of said bonds may be made
payable at the Treasury or any sub-Treasury of the
United States,
Simply striking out the words:
Or at the office of an authorized agent of the
United States either in the cities of London, Paris,
Berlin, Amsterdam, or Frankfort, in dollars or the
equivalent thereof in sterling money, franos, or in
thalers.
I desire to strike out these words. I am
opposed to making these bonds payable at any
place except the Treasury or a sub-Treasury
of the United States. It seems to me that
our own dignity requires that we should make
these bonds payable at our own counters.
There is another advantage in making them
payable in .our own country: when the interest
on the bonds is made payable in our own
country the- interest is reinvested in other
stoeks of the United States to a great extent;
whereas if it is made payable in Europe it in-
volves the remittance of the gold for this pur-
pose. It may, it is true, be remitted in bills
of exchange; but I think the principle is bad,
and it.may not be as favorable at all times as
it is at present to make remittances in bills of
exchange, and we may be compelled hereafter
to remit gold to pay the interest on these bonds.
For that reason I am opposed to that provision
of the bill; and it seems to me that there should j
be little opposition to striking it out. As far ;
as I have heard the expression of the Senate j
on that question, I believe almost all concur j
in striking out these words and in favor of
making our interest payable only in the United
States.
\ My next amendment is in the eighth section.
| I stated that I was opposed to compelling the
national banks to substitute these bonds bear-
ing four, four and a half, and five per cent,
interest for the bonds they now hold. The
banks believe themselves entitled to hold the
bonds which they now have. Many of them
invested in the long bonds of 1881, believing
that there was a contract between the Govern-
ment of the United States and them that they
shonld have the privilege of banking on those
bonds until they expired at least; and they
invested in those bonds with that view. If the
banks hold bonds that the Government has a
right to redeem, of course the Government
may redeem them, and in that event the banks
must withdraw them and substitute others.
Now, the 1881 bonds are the best bonds in the
market; they are the highest priced ; they are
paying six per cent. What do you do by com-
pelling the banks to substitute four or four and
a half or five per cent, bonds? You simply
compel the banks in Boston and New York
and those places that hold the bonds of 1881
bearing six per ceut. to' throw them upon the
market, to sell them at a sacrifice, and force
them to be exported out of the country and
placed in Europe instead of these low-priced
bonds. What is the result ? You keep all the
low rate of interest bonds at home; you pay
abroad the highest rate of interest. The six
per cent, bonds you force these bankers to send
abroad, and you compel them to take a bond
averaging four and a naif per cent.
It seems to me that this is unjust and im-
proper. It seems to me that the banks ought
to secure their bills upon the very best bonds
we have, so that when we return to specie pay-
ments they will have a bond that will command
specie at any time.
The bill-holders certainly are entitled to the
best security. Therefore they should have on
that ground the best bonds deposited. Other-
wise, when we return to specie payments, when
we find that there are not sufficient bankers
who desire to take these bonds at four, four
and a half, and fire per cent, they may throw
up their charters and say, "We will bank upon
currency or upon something else." I think
that they should have the privilege, as every
individual has, of taking these bonds or not.
We should offer them a long bond, a more
valuable bond, one that cannot be redeemed
within a very short space of time, and that
will compensate them to a certain extent for
the difference in interest. If you compel them
to do what this section requires you will de-
stroy the confidence of the banks in Congress,
in your good faith. Theywillsay, "If you can
force us to take four and a half per cent, you
can compel us to take three per cent.; you can
lorce us to take but two per cent. and such
vacillating, such changing of your laws doing
injustice toward them, will disgust them, and
theywillsay, "We will have nothing to do with
your funding scheme." You may propose to
allow them one per cent, or one half of one
per cent, for introducing your bonds among
the people; but they will say, " We will have
nothing to do with them; you are unjust to
compel us to take bonds from you that the
people will not take," Now, unless you place
the banks, who are paying you their «taxes,
who are paying on their bank circulation now
four and a half per cent., upon the same prin-
ciples that you do other people, and allow them
to take the bonds or not as they choose, your
scheme will fail. Offer them an attractive
bond; use no lever to compel them to substi-
tute it or go out of business, as you propose
in this bill. If you leave it free with them
they will act freely, and they will take these
bonds quicker than they will if you compel
them. Suppose they all withhold from the
scheme; then your bonds, uuder this bill, go
abroad; your first five per cents, are taken
abroad ; and the banks cannot, under this bill,
substitute any other bond, for they are com-
pelled to deposit one third of each of the classes
' here provided for. ■
It seems to me that it is impracticable for
that reason. I would allow the banks to secure
their circulation upon the very best bonds or
any bonds that they chose. If they secured it
upon the six per cents., I would give them a
greater amount of circulation than I would on
live per cents or four per cents., because they
are a better security. The present bonds, in
giy opinion, the banks should be allowed to
hold and secure their circulation by them, as
they have done heretofore.
In the fifth line of the eighth section I pro-
pose to strike out the words "and no others
shall" and insert "may," so that the banks
may secure their circulation upon the bonds
provided for by the bill. The provision as it
now stands is:
That on and after the 1st day of October, 18%
registered bonds of any denomination not less tha*
$1,000, issued under the provisions of this net, ana
no others, shall be deposited with the TrvaMarer of
the United States as security for the nates issued to
national banking associations for circulation under
an act, &c.
I propose to insert<f may" in place of'' and
no others shalt;" and to strike out all of the
section after the word " notes," inline four-
teen. Beginning in line eleven the section
reads:
And all national banking associations organized
under said act, or any amendment thereof, are hereby
required to deposit bonds issaed under this act M
security for their circulating notes.
Instead of the word " required," in the thir-
teenth line, I propose to insert " authorized,"
so as to authorize them to use these four, four
and a half, and five per cent, bonds. I pro-
pose also to strike out the provision after that
which reads:
Within one year from the date of the passage of
this act, in default of which their right to issue notes
for circulation shall be forfeited, &c.
They can, it is true, by paying over the legal
tender for their circulation, compel the Gov-
ernment thereafter to redeem their circula tion
and retire from banking; but ever y one knows
that no banking institution that has been firmly
established can go out of banking without great
