1870.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3021
Itfr. ALLISON. I (ink ooir distM&sing this
bill; and the gentleman in charge of it has
stated that he would not allow amendments to
be offered to it, except those which he chose
to admit.
I say, then, that to take money out of the
pockets of the people of the United States fqr
the purpose of handing it over to those who
now have the uncontrolled monopoly of this
coasting trade, is something whien, whatever
others may do I shall never consent to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
trentlemftn allow me to Ask him another ques-
tion?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Wisconsin. If I were
to offbr an amendment to accomplish what
I have indicated, would the gentleman sup-
port it?
Mr. ALLISON. I would, of course, vote
with the gentleman to strike out what applies
to the coasting trade.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. And to
make the bounty apply to the foreign trade?
Mr. ALLISON. I shall vote for the amend-
ment which the gentleman, says he will pro-
pose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
not said that I will propose any amendment. ,
Mr. ALLISON. I shall go on to explain *
further what is my position in regard to this ■
question. This bill makes the proposed aid j
apply to all the vessels that may be built in the !
United States. It provides that there shall be
allowed upon "all imported lumber, timber,
hemp, Manila, fend composition metal, and for
iron and steel tidt Advanced beyond rod bars
and bolts, platSB, beams, and forging*" used in
the construction of VBtsels built in the United
States, a drawbaek equal to the duties which ;
may h^ve been, paid on such material. This, j
of coarse, allows a drawback upon all these 1
vessels if foreign material is usqa, And then j
there is a, proviso attached to that section
which declares—
That where Amerieiui material i* need ip the con-
struction of iron, steel, or composite vessels or steam-
ers there shall be allowed ana paid, as aforesaid, an
amount equivalent to the duties imposed on similar
articles ef foreign manufacture When imported.
Now I desire some member of the commit-
tee to inform me why it is that in this proviso
they have confined the bounty to "iron, steel,
or composite" vessel*? Why is it that thfse
three classes of vessels aye atone to receive
the protection irid benefit of this bill, when it
is well known that a vast amount of our coast-
ing traoe and inland navigation is carried, on
and will necessarily be carried on by wooden
vessels? As I understand the bill, there is
no bounty allowed except upon iron, steel, or
composite vessels. I can only, Mr. Speaker,
account for this from the fact that wooden ves-
sels are built oh the coast of New England—
I dislike to tiSti that expression, "New Eng-
land," and %ill Say, upon our Atlantic coast,
if you please; that these wooden vessels are
sheathed with copper or yellow metal furnished
by the people represented by ihy friend from
Michigan, [Mf. BlAir,J and that it is incon-
venient for those gentlemen who build wooden
vessels to pay to the Copper-owners and cop-
persmiths of Michigan this bounty. They pro-
pose, therefore, that for all wooden Vessels and
all material which enters into the construction
of wooden Vessels they shall have an absolute
drawback, and that there shall not be paid to
the copper interest a bounty corresponding to
that which is paid to the iron-masters of Penn-
sylvania for the material which goes into iron
ships. Now, I say this ought to be universal.
If there is a bounty to be paid it ought to be
paid, it seems to me, On other classes of ves-
sels as well as these iron vessels.
The sailing vessels and other wooden vessels
that are built would have, of course, under
this bill, a drawback upon all the imported
Material used in their construction^ including
the yellow metal for sheathing, the rigging and
sails, and everything of that naturq; thgy would
all come in free of duty. Then it seeriis to
have become necessary, in order to conciliate
somebody or some section, to provide that in
case vessels are built of iron there shall be a
bounty given to the maker of th&t iron or to
the builders of those vessels. Now, I Bttbmit
that that proposition ia not & fhir one to the
builders of Wooden vessels, and our lake and
river navigation derives ho benefits
Now. I eall the attention of the gentleman
from Maine £Mr. Lynch] to another provision
of the first section of his bill* and I want him
to tell me how it aah be executed. li is well
known to us all that this system of drawbacks,
in order that frauds may be prevented; must
be oared for very carefully in any la# that may
be passed. The gentletnan from Maine pro*
poses that ''whefe American material is used
in the construotiaft of iron, steel, ot composite
vessels or steamers, titer* shall be allowed and
paid, as a foresaid, tth amount equivalent to
the duties imposed oh; similar articles of for-
eigb manufacture When imported." I want
him to tell me, when he comes to close the
debate, how we ara to ascertain the amount
of bounty that is to be given to the ship-
builder Who builds an iron ship from Amer-
ican material under this law. The bill in
this fespeot is either crudely drawn, or drawn
so as to leave a very wide margin for fraud.
I allude now to the proviso to the first section.
What are the articles to which it relates? It
includes, in the first place, a largo amount of
iron and steel, on which there is no specific
rate of duty under the tariff law, but which
bears duties at the rate of forty-five per cent.,
thirty-five per cent., and thirty per cent, ad
valorem,. Now, I ask What revenue officer or
Secretary of the Treasury can go into a ship-
yard where iron and steel hav? been used that
do riot pay a specific duty and say what the
foreign ad valorem valuation w^s on the 8p6-
cific articles that have entered ljito the build-;
ing of a ship? It is an absolute impossibility.
It might be possible to do it where a specific ^
duty was imposed! But we have a large
amount of ad valorem duties on these very
articles, as the gentleman from Maine very,
well knows.
Mr> LYNCH,, Does the gentleman wish ah
answer,now? "'*' ; .
Mr. ALLISON. ,;IJmvd oq objection,
Mr. LYNCH, t&>mi provides thstf th« [
drawback stroll bepaid under regulations to b§
made by the Secretary of the Treasury. Now,'
does the gentleman pretend to say that the .
Secretary of the Treasury cannot ascertain the
amount that has been paid because it has beeu
ah ad valorem duty, when he can require
vouchers of the exact amount paid on that
specific iron that has gone into tne Vessel ?
Mr. ALLISON. I intend to say that there
is riot a Secretary of the Treasury or a revenue
officer living that can say what shall be the ad
valorem duty upon the American cordage or
the American s^ils or the American iron or
steel that are put into ships( because We can-
not tell what similar articles would cost at a
foreign port. A ship-builder may say, for in-.
stance, that the sails would cost in a foreign
port a dollar a yard, if you please, when in'
point of fact they might not cost fifty cents a
yard; and yet he would get the bounty upon
the higher valuation. I point out this defect
for the purpose of showing that this whole
thing is left opea to the discretion and judg-
ment of the men who may happeq to build
these vessels- I say it is opening a door for
fraud, which, in my judgment, no prudent
Government woitld ever open.
Mr. LYNCH. I ain very much surprised
that a gentleman occupying a position on the
Committee of Ways and Means, and who can
look as wise as he can, cannot understand a
proposition of that kind.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well. Here is the
article of sheathing copper, copper that is in
sheets, which pays a duty of 45 per cent, ad
valorem upon its foreign valuation. Suppose
that sheathing copper is used in the construc-
tion of composite vessels; because I presume,
although I atto not quite enough familiar with
the subject to be able to say, that sheathing
copper is used in composite vessels.
Mr. LYNCH. Copper is out of the bill
entirely.
Mr. ALLISON. Well, yellow metal, then.
Mr. LYNCH. That is not in the present
bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I have the bill here, and I
find  
Mr. LYNCH. The bill is amended from
what was reported.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well; then [will not
refer further to that. I will refer to other arti-
cles. The gentleman says I should know about
these things, and I have here a memorandum—
I will refer to cordage and other articles.
Take, if you please, the article of sails. They
come in now at an ad valorem duty. Now.
how are you to determine the amount that is
to be allowed to the builders of vessels upon
American sails that are used by them in con-
struction when the tariff upon foreign sails is
30 per cent, ad valorem 1 Now, to impose
upon the Secretary of the Treasury or upon any
other Government officer the duty of under-
takingto determine what amount shall betaken
•out of the Treasury to be given to the ship-
builder in this country for the articles he may
use upon which an ad valorem duty is imposed
is, in my opitiion, to open wide the door for
fraud.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
another provision in this bill. I especially call
the attention of my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] to this point: when the tariff bill
was under consideration he inquired of me
with a great deal of earnestness whether or not
I believed that the amount of duty upon any
article was added to the cost of that article for
uSe ift the United States. He asked me if I
pretended to say that the amount of the duty
Was added to the cost of the article in this
countty. I said in reply to him, if I now re-
member Correctly, that i did not believe that
the Whttle amount of the duty was added to
the ebst ih all cases; that in many cases an
article might be manufactured here cheaper
than the duty on a foreign article of the same
kind; that in othei? cases the amount of duty
might be divided between the consumer and
thtt manufacturer or the importer ; while in
still other cases the whole afnount of the duty
was added td the cost of the article in this
! country*
But the Committee on the Causes of the
Reduction of American Tonnage, of which the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
is a member, seems to have concluded that so
far 4s the article of iron is Concerned the whole
amount of the duty is added to the cost of the
article whdh used in this country. They provide
here—and I call the attention of gentlemen
to that fact—that when American iron or steel
is Used iti building a ship in this country the
ship-builder is to be allowed the full amount
of the dtity &s a bounty upon that material.
And so it is in regard to other materials.
For instance, take cordage, which enters
ldrgely into the construction and fitting out of
a ship. The duty on Cordage is thfree and one
half cettfe pei1 pound. Now, the bemp men
of Kentucky and Missouri, and the manufac-
turers of cordage in this country, claim that
they can manufacture cordage in this country
very nearly aS cheaply as it can be done in any
foreign country. Yfet if an American ship-
builder buys and uses American cordage he is
to be allowed to take out of the Treasury of the
United States an amount equal to three and
one half cents for every pound of that cordage.
Take also the article of plate iron, which
enters into the construction of ships. It is
claimed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] and by other gentlemen on this
! floor that iron can be manufactured in this
