2678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
gross; and the powers and functions of the members
of the existing: General Assembly shall cense and
determine 011 the 23d day of November, 1870.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 desire to modify my
amendment so far as those dates are concerned.
I propose to strike out in the fourth line of the
second section the words " first Tuesday of
September" and insert "15th day of Novem-
ber." 1 find that November is the best month
in which to have an election in the State of
Georgia as well as in the South. The crops
are then gathered, the people have more leisure,
and you will get a better and larger election by
having it in November rather than September.
Then, after " 1868," in line eight, I propose to
insert the words "at which election all persons
who by said constitution are electors shall be
entitled to vote." I make the qualification for
voting the same as in their State constitution.
Then, in the tenth line, I propose to strike out
the words " 28d day of November" and to
insert 13th day of December." 1 also make
the same modification in the fourteenth and
fifteenth lines. Under the amendment as thus
modified the election will be in November, the
Legislature will meet in December, and the
terms of the present members of the Legisla-
ture will expire at the meeting of the Legisla-
ture in December. Then the Legislature will
be a new Legislature, the Governor continuing.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Several Senators. No, no; let us vote.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the pending ques-
tion on the Georgia bill?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is the amendment proposed by tho
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.] The
amendment of the Senator from Kansas was
read for information.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the amendment
of the Senator from Nevada?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To strike
out the Bingham amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; that I am for.
Why can we not vote?
Mr. STEWART. We have not got all our
friends hero.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the motion to adjourn, which is not
debatable.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 14, 1870.
The House met at twelve 0' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of j'esterday was read and
approved.
teuiuuapii between1 america and asia.
Mr. DAWES. I ask leave to present the
memorial of Cyrus W. Field, praying for aid
in the construction of a submarine telegraph
between America and Asia, accompanied by a
bill, which 1 ask may be printed and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. Let the memorial be
read.
Mr. DAWES. I do not ask that it be read,
but that it be referred to the Committee 011
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. If it provides for any
appropriation or any subsidy, then I shall move
that it be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
' Mr. DAWES. It does not ask for any
appropriation of money, but for a donation of
land.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I would suggest
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. DAWES. It involves our foreign rela-
tions, and should certainly go to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. Unless it be referred to
tho Committee on the Public Lands I must
object to its introduction at this time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has 110
right to object in that way. The Chair will
take this occasion to correct an erroneous im-
pression which appears to prevail among mem-
bers. A member presents a paper, and an-
other gentleman rises and suggests that if he
can have his way in regard to it he will not
object to the introduction of the paper; other-
wise he will object. The gentleman has a right
to object absolutely, but he must either do
that or move some amendment to the motion
to refer, and submit the question to be decided
by a majority of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I withdraw my
amendment to the motion of reference, and
object absolutely to tho introduction of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. It is too late for the gen-
tleman to do that. If he desires,to have the
question put upon his amendment that will be
done. But the Chair will not permit these
conditional objections to be made.
- Mr. RANDALL. I was but following your
decision in various cases from time to time
during this session.
Mr. DAWES. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chairstated the same
thing to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hoi.man] the other day.
Mr. RANDALL. The Speaker is unneces-
sarily harsh in his language.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order. The question will be upon the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman to refer this bill
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. RANDALL. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will hear
me for a moment I do not think he will seek
to consume time by having the yeas and nays
called on his motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I have not been properly
treated by the Speaker, and I propose to avail
myself of every possible right I may have under
the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think that remark
is applicable at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood
the question. lie entertains the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and sub-
mits it to the House, giving the gentleman all
the rights under the rules which lie could pos-
sibly ask. But the Chair has heretofore stated
with the most perfect candor to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hoi,man] that the right
of members to make conditional objections
cannot be entertained. In tho judgment of
the best and oldest parliamentarians the right
to object is one which is absolute and which
must be exercised absolutely ; which cannot
be exercised contingently and conditionally.
The gentleman now demands the yeas and nays
upon his motion, which he has a right to ask.
Mr. RANDALL. One word m justification
of my course upon this question. The bill
which the gentleman from Massachusetts asked
to introduce proposed, as I understood, to
make an appropriation, and I made a sugges-
tion to the gentleman in perfect good faith, in
perfect accordance with the rules of the House,
that if the bill contained an appropriation it
ought to go to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, which is the proper committee for the
eonpideration of such subjects. Finding, how-
ever, that the bill proposed a subsidy of public
lands, I suggested that the bill should go to the
Committee on the Public Lands. Then! was met
with what I must call a lecture from tho Speaker,
as to whether I was in order or out of order ;
and I was debarred for the first time, as I
understand, from the privilege which has been
exercised heretofore under-the rules of object-
ing to the introduction of a bill under such cir-
cumstances. Having been informed by the
Speaker that I should have objected absolutely
in the first instance, 1 sought to withdraw my
suggestion as to the reference and to make my
objection absolute.
The SPEAKER. That was the point on
which the Chair ruled.
Mr. RANDALL. And very roughly.
Mr. DAWES. I hope I may be indulged a
single moment. I submit to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that to call the yeas and
nays on this question would be an unnecessary
consumption of the time of tho House.
Mr. RANDALL. I am quite satisfied with
my own position in this matter, and with tho,I
of those who have treated me thus. There-
fore I withdraw any further opposition.
Tho SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. I1AWLEY. I renew the motion.
Mr. DAWES. The question of a submarine
telegraph between America and Asia, I sub-
mit, is primarily a subject for the consider-
ation of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Whether, in aid of such a project, public lands
should be granted is a matter that tnay after-
ward be considered by tho Committee on the
Public Lands. If such consideration be desired,
no one would object to it. But the question
primarily involved is an international matter,
and very appropriately goes to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ALLISON. I call for the reading of
tho bill.
Mr. DAWES. The bill is very long, and
its reading would consume considerable time.
The question is now simply as to the reference.
1 do not propose to enter any motion to recon-
sider the reference or anything of that kind.
Mr, ALLISON. I withdraw the demand
for the reading of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I only desire that the bill
shall be referred and printed.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
title of the bill, which will be considered as
read a first and second time.
The Clerk read as follows :
A bill (H. It. No. 1778) to incorporate the Pacific
Submarine Telegraph Company and lacilitate tele-
graphic communication between America and Asia.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing that the refer-
ence of the bill shall be reconsidered, and the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. IIAWLEY. If the bill involves an ap-
propriation of public lauds it ought to go to the
Committee 011 the Public Lands; if it does not,
then I do not care where it goes. But as the
gentleman from Massachusetts states that the
bill does involve an appropriation of public
lands, I shall insist 011 my motion.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope it will not be agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Hawlby,] to amend the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts by striking out ' * For-
eign Affairs" and inserting "Public Lands."
On the motion there were—ayes 45, noes
52 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. IIawley and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to have the bill
read ?
The SPEAKER. Not during the division.
Mr. COX. We want to vote intelligently.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed— ayes GG, noes 49.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Tho bill and memorial were then referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, the bill and
memorial were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill and memorial were referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OltDlSR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. CAKE. I rise to make some privileged
