rm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
loas. The banks know that this is done to
force them to take these bonds. They think
it is unjust, and it seems to me that it is unjust
and improper. It is using a lever to compel
the banks to take these bonds when you believe
that the people will not take them. If you
" believed the people would take them you would
not use this lever upon the banks. Now, why
should you use this lever upon one class of the
community more than another? Why should
you not allow the banks just the same privi-
leges as individuals? You tax them for their
circulation and for their deposits. If you do
not tax them high enough now, tax them more.
That you have a legitimate right to do ; but
give them the right to use the best class of
bonds; let them secure their circulation on
the best securities they can, so that when you
are prepared to return to specie payments you
can force them to do so. It seems to me that
this is legitimate and proper.
If the chairman would consent to take the
▼ote on the fifth section, I think that might be
amended withoot opposition. I think it agrees
generally with the views of Senators to strike
oat that portion of the section which I have
suggested and make the interest on these bonds
payable only itt the United States. I hope that
portion of the section may be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. Whatamendment is now
pending ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ram-
set in the chair.) The amendment of the
Senator from Oregon, to strike out the first,
second,' and third sections of the bill and
insert a new section in lieu of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to divide the Sen-
ate to know whether we have a quorum pres-
ent. If a quorum is present I am ready to
go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The qnes-
tion is on striking out the first three sections
of the bill and inserting in lieu thereof the
section offered by the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall have the
question; and I call for the yeas and nays that
we may see whether we have a quorum or not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will simply state one
objection to the amendment that influences
my mind, and that is this: the amendment
proposes a single bond for the purpose of fund-
ing the debt of the United States; the bill as
reported by the committee proposes three
bonds, and all the people who are not disposed
to take the bond contained in the amendment
will have nothing to do with this proposition,
while the proposition as made by the commit-
tee- may suit different classes of people. Some
may be willing to take the five per cent, bonds,
some the four and a half, and some the four
per cent, bonds; but the substitute proposed
by my colleague only provides for a single
bond, and there is not as much probability that
the debt can be funded with a single bond ; it
will not be as likely to meet the views and
wishes of people generally as different classes
of bonds. That is oAe objection I have, to say
nothing of others.
Mr. CORBETT. The only question in my
mind in making the proposition was whether
the last rate should not be four and a half per
cent. I have betft informed by one of the
heaviest German houses in New York that they
believe $1,000,000,000 of these bonds, if the
last term was put at four and a half per cent.,
would be floated within a year in the foreign
market. As I stated the other day, the object
of having one bond of a large amoant is to
have a uniformity in the bond that it may be
known. I have letters here now, the writers of
which state that they believe there are in Ger-
many and in England and Europe generally
$1,000,000,000 of our bonds. The objection
to our present system and our present bonds
is that there are so many different kinds of
bonds that they are not so popular as they
would be if they were uniform. As every one
knows our 1862 bonds are the most popular :
bonds abroad, because they are in the largest i
amount, they are best known, they are uniform
in style. People in Europe can compare them;
they look at them ; they say, " Well I kuow
what that is. I will buy it." Show them an
18(58 bond and they will say, " 1 do not know
anything about that; if you have an 1802 bond
I will take it." It is the uniformity of the
boijd and the large amount of that loan which
makes it sought after abroad. The larger the
loan the larger the operations in it. Take a
ii small loan aud the German houses and other
jj foreign houses in New York will not touch it,
!' because they cannot operate largely in it. After
'■ they have got it fairly introduced and the peo-
ple have become acquainted with it the loan
is exhausted. If it is merely $400,000,000,
$200,000,000 of it may be held here, and then
they have only $200,000,000 to introduce
abroad. When that is gone they have to take
up a new bond, and after they have introduced
a few of that they have to take up another,
i There is a want of uniformity in the bond; that
; is the greatest objection to this bill. I would
1 rather make this bill provide for an absolute
four and a half per cent. bond. It will be much
more desirable, in my opinion, than dividing it
up into three loans. That I believe is the gen-
eral opinion of the bankers and the people I
have talked with most in New York about this
matter.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I have a word
to offer on this proposed amendment. I feel
obliged to vote against it for the reason that it
provides a bond to run through too long a space
of time. I hope that long before thirty-five
years have passed the whole national debt will
have been wiped out, as well as all the un-
pleasant circumstances that attended its crea-
tion. I believe the debt could be funded into
bonds to run a shorter length of time than that,
at a less rate of interest than is provided in the
aggregate for the bonds proposed by the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
I am not very well posted in regard to financial
affairs in other countries, nor, indeed, in my
own; but I am assured by those on whom I
. rely for information on this point that a four
: per cent, bond would be a sufficient induce-
I ment for foreign capital to become invested in
Our loans. W e know that securities bearing a
less rate of interest than that find ready mar-
ket at Frankfort on the Main, and perhaps in
I other European money centers. I have always
been in hopes that the Finance Committee of
j the Senate would present a proposition for
funding our debt in a four per cent, bond, to
run not through a very long space of years.
We all are, at least ought to be, anxious to
get rid of the national debt for the purpose of
getting rid of the machinery that we have re-
sorted to in order to raise taxes in this country
to meet our obligations of that nature. We
ought, as soon as possible, to divest ourselves
of all the burden we labor under in the form of
the internal revenue service. I hope that this
year we can dispense with the income tax, and
in a very few years hence reduce the number
of articles upon which tax is to be collected to
a very few; and that in a much less space than
thirty-five years—in the space of fifteen or
twenty—we ean dispense with the whole of that
machinery and be back in that happy condition
we were before the war commenced, when we
were able to meet our liabilities from the tar-
ifft that were imposed on imports.
The feature of the amendment that proposes
four per cent, for the longest period of time is
to my mind a very attractive one, but the space
through which the bond is to run, the long space
of thirty-five years, is an objection which en-
tirely overbalances the favorable feature arising
from the other source.
I have no disposition to discuss the financial
question at length on this bill; nor indeed have
I any disposition to discuss it upon any other
measure; but it seems to me this idea ought to
be prominent and<superior to all others in our
minds, to get rid of the national debt as speedily
as possible. We all know that we have to pay
it. Our form of government is the only form
of government that does meet obligations of
this nature. The national debts of other na-
tions instead of being decreased are being aug-
mented from year to year. Very frequently is
that the case; I believe it is almost uniformly
the case. In a short space of time after the
end of the war we began to reduce our debt,
and we have reduced it very sensibly. We see
that with disorganized States composing a large
portion of our Union we have been able to
reduce the debt; and when they are restored
in all respects to the Union, and become pros-
perous, as they will be, like the other States,
we may expect to pay off our debt still more
rapidly.
We have had estimates from those who are
able to estimate on the subject; estimates from
the President, estimates from the Secretary of
the Treasury, estimates from the Commissioner
of the Revenue and others, showing that we can
wipe out our national debt in this generation.
I do not sympathize with my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] who is disposed to
transmit the payment of part of it to posterity.
Why should we transmit that burden to pos-
terity? Posterity is in no sense responsible
for it. It is a burden placed upon us by our-
selves, and I am in favor of making those who
brought the debt upon us bear the burden as
far as possible. I am therefore opposed to
postponing the payment of it to our posterity ;
and the longer we postpone it the more we
shall have to pay in the form of interest. If
we postpone it, say for thirty-five years, we
pay the whole amount over and over several
times in the form of interest.
Nor, Mr. President, do I see the philosophy
of the sinking fund. I do not know what is
really meant by a sinking fund. It is a sort
of delusion, it seems to me. I do not know
that any private corporation or any person
establisbes a sinking fund. When he pays his
debts he destroys the evidence of them, and
that is the end of it; and that course, I suppose,
is the one we might well pursue as a nation.
Let ns pay off the debt as rapidly as we can
and destroy the evidence of it and get back
upon the foundation we were before the war
commenced, before this great rebellion. We
can pay it, We expect to pay it, and we will
pay it in a little while if we pursue the same
course we are now pursuing.
I cannot, I think, vote for any proposition
that has been brought forward here for fund-
ing the debt at this time. I agree with the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,]
who was in favor of postponing the time of
fnnding for another year, or perhaps two years..
We have funded once into a five twenty bond
or into a ten-forty bond. I will support a
proposition that will allow the Secretary of the
Treasury to fund the five-twenty into a five
per cent, ten-forty bond and let it run at that
rate for some time, perhaps for a year or
two. We are getting along swimmingly now.
We,are approaching specie payments very
rapidly. Gold to-day is down to 112J, and
perhaps to-morrow it will be down still lower.
We are getting along well enough, and why
not "let well enough alone?" Let us post-
pone this business for at least another year,
when we shall have reached specie payments
unquestionably the way wearemaking progress
now. I do not see that we shall approach that
desirable result any closer by any attempt to
fund the debt by going over this process again
of transforming it into another shape, and a
few years again into still another shape, reduc-
ing the interesta little. Letiis be content with
what seems to be well enough, with what we
know to be well enough, because we see our
credit is rising day by day, that the national
creditisimproving rapidly, and there is nothing
that I can see in the future that will destroy
our credit or impair it again. I believe that
the world now looking upon us, seeing what we
are doing, that we are paving off the debt, will
force up the credit of the United States to par;
