?20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
hundred and sixty-two dollars and seventy
cents.
For balance in full to John P. Bruce for
printing for the third session of the Montana
Legislature, seven hundred and ninety-six
dollars and ninety cents.
For a deficiency in the appropriation far the
legislative expenses of the Assembly of the
Territory of Idaho, for rent, furniture, wood,
storage, oil, and candles, printing, stationery,
and incidental expenses, three thousand four
hundred dollars.
To pay the increased compensation of the
chief justices and associate justices of the
Territories of New Mexico, Washington, Wy-
oming, Arizona, Colorado, and Dakota, under
the provisions of an act approved June sev-
enteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy, ten
thousand dollars.
For amount due James 8. Reynold-s, for
paper, printing, and labor performed for the
said Legislative Assembly of Idaho, two thou-
sand six hundred and seventy-live dollars and
thirteeu cents.
For a deficiency iu the appropriation for the
legislative expenses of the Territory of New
Mexico, ten thousand five hundred and sev-
enty-five dollars and forty-seven cents.
For rent of office of the surveyor general of
Nevada, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, two thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For rent of office of the surveyor general of
Wyoming, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general
of the Territory of Arizona, three thousand
dollars; for clerks in his office, three thou-
sand dollars : and for rent of office, fuel, books,
stationery, and other incidental expenses, two
thousand dollars.
For repairs of custom-house at Detroit,
Michigan, thirteen thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
To reimburse the United States marshal of
the district of South Carolina for sums paid
by^ him in excess of the sums provided by
existing statutes, for summoning jurors in
obedience to a jury order issued by the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, June five, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, one thousand dollars, or such part there-
of as may be necessary.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay for the use and occupation by the late
Department of Education of a portion of the
building located on the corner ol GandKighth
streets in this city, from November twelve,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, until April
sixteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, four
hundred and twenty-seven dollars and seventy-
eight cents.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen, one
hundred thousand dollars, and to meet a defi-
ciency in the same fund for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Lor the erection ot penitentiary buildings in
the Territory of Wyoming, forty thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary:
Provided, That the said sum be set apart from
the proceeds ot collections of internal revenue
tax in that Territory, to be appropriated for
said purpose only, and expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
For expenses to be incurred in taking the
ninth census ot theUnited States, one million
dollars.
For payment of claims of loyal citizens for
services rendered as United States marshals
■-uid their assistants, as providedin act approved
June tiventy-four, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty, one hundred and seventy thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
For deficiency in the appropriation for pub-
lic buildings and grounds, under the chief
engineer of the Army, ten thousand dollars.
For materials and putting up Wilson's elec-
tric gas-lighter in the Senate Chamber, four
thousand five hundred dollars: Provided,
[That] the same can be done under the con-
trol of the architect of the Capitol extension
during the recess, and at an expense not
exceeding the amount herein appropriated.
For expenses of conducting the election, on
second day of September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, in WyomingTemtory, onethousand
dollars.
For assay office, New York, salaries of super-
intendent, assayer, melter, refiner, assistant
assaver, and clerks, and wages of workmen,
thirty thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the superintendent ot' the building occu-
pied by said Secretary and his Department from
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, to the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight, the allowance to be
made to such superintendent, with his salary
as clerk, not to exceed two thousand dollars
per annum, the sum of seven hundred dollars.
For deficiency in the pay of certain em-
ployes in the Agricultural Department, one
thousand one hundred and ten dollars, or so
much thereof as is necessary: Provided, That
their annual compensation is not increased
thereby beyond the amount fixed by law.
For services performed in the Patent Office,
under direction of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, from August first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, to April first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, by clerks and assistant examiners
acting as assistant examiners and examiners,
at the rates fixed by law for the respective
grades in which such services were performed,
the sum of ten thousand seven hundred and
fifty-one dollars and forty-four cents: Pro-
vided, That the compensation thus paid shall
not exceed that received by those duly enrolled
as examiners and assistant examiners during
the same period.
For the support of primary schools in that
part of the District of Columbia lying outside
of the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
to be expended by the commissioners of pri-
mary scbool[s], under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior and the president of
the levy court, ten thousand dollars.
To pay William Fisher, of San Jose, Cali-
fornia, for supplies furnished seamen and
marines of the United States Navy who were
employed with the Army during the Mexican
war iu conquering California, three thousand
and seventy-five dollars.
To compensate the widow of the late W. J.
Hubard, for the statue of Washington executed
by him, said sum to be in full of all demands
for said statue, two thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And belt further enacted, That the
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
are hereby authorized to credit C. N. Feiton,
treasurer of the branch mint at San Francisco,
with sixteen hundred and forty-seven dollars
and ninety-six cents, paid to Edward Wheaton
for clerical services performed iu his office.
Sec. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Senate be, and he hereby is,
directed to pay to the First National Bank of
the city ot Washington the sum of sixteen hun-
dred and thirteen dollars and sixty-one cents,
with interest from June three, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, in satisfaction of money
advanced to defray the expenses of the joint
select Committee on Ordnance, and that the
receipt of said bank shall bedeemed asufficient
voucher in the settlement of the accounts with
the Treasury Department.
Sec. 4. And be it further erfacted, That the
Commissioner of the Bureau of Kefugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands be, and he is
hereby, directed, out of the fund in said bureau
for the education of freedmen, to pay to Wil-
berforce University, situated in Greene county,
Ohio, the sum of twenty-five thousand dollarsj
and to Lincoln University, situated in Chester
county, Pennsylvania, twelve thousand dollars,
in aid of the objects of said institutions.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCXCIV.—An Act making Appropri.
tions for the support of the Army for th.-
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the support of the Army for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one:
For expenses of recruiting and transporta-
tion of recruits, four hundred and seventy-two
thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, twelve million nine
hundred and thirty-five thousand three hundred
and ninety dollars.
For commutation in lieu of forage for officers'
horses, where the same is not furnished by
the quartermaster's department, two thousand
dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, two hundred thousand dollars.
And the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury avehereby authorized and required to trans-
fer from any surplus of the past appropria-
tions for the '• pay of the Army, or of the vol-
unteers,'' not otherwise disposed of by law,
such sum as may be sufficient to cover deficien-
cies in the appropriations " for payments to
discharged soldiers for clothing not drawn,''
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy.
For'subsistence in kind for regular troop-
and employes, four million thirteen thousand
nine hundred and seventy-seven dollars ami
twenty-two cents.
For contingencies of the Army, eighty thou-
sand dollars.
For Army medical museum, five thousand
dollars.
For medical and other necessary works for
the library of Surgeon General's office, three
thousand dollars.
For expenses of Commanding General's
office, five thousand dollars.
Tor expenses of the signal service of the
Army, five thousand dollars.
For regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, to wit: for the regular supplies
of the quartermaster's department consisting
of fuel for officers, enlisted men, guards, hos-
pitals, storehouses, and offices; of forage in
kind for the horses, mules, and oxen of the
quartermaster's department at the several
posts and stations, and with the armies in the
field, for the horses of the several regiments
of cavalry, the batteries of artillery, and such
companies of infantry as may be mounted, and
for the authorized number of officers' horses
when serving in the field, and at the outposts,
including bedding for the animals ; of straw
for soldiers' bedding; and of stationery, in-
cluding blank-books for the quartermaster's
department, certificates for discharged sol-
diers, blank forms for the pay and quarter-
master's departments, and for printing e'
division and department orders and report.-,
four million five hundred thousand dollar,-:.
For the geneial and incidental expe-r
of the quartermaster's department, cousistiu
of postage on letters and packets received and
sent by officers of the Army on public service;
expenses of courts-martial, military commis-
sions. and courts of inquiry, including the
additional compensation of judge advocates.
