1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
memorial without seeing that it contains state-
ments with regard to which the Senate ought
lo be instructed before it proceeds to a vote.
Do you consider, sir, that when you install this
Legislature you consign the people of Virginia
to their power? Do you consider that to them
belongs the choice of judges? The whole judi-
ciary of the Slate is to be organized by them.
They can organize it in the interests of freedom
and humanity, or in the ancient interests of
the rebellion. I am anxious that this judiciary
should be pure and devoted to human rights.
But if the policy is pursued which finds such
strenuous support, especially from the Senator
from Illinois, farewell then to such a judiciary—
'that judiciary which is often called tlie palla-
dium of the Commonwealth, through which
justice is secured, rights protected, and all
men are made safe. Instead of that you will
have a judiciary true only to those who have
lately been in rebellion. You will have a judi-
ciary that will set its face like flint against
those loyalists that find so little favor with the
Senator from Illinois. You will have a judi-
ciary that will follow out the spirit that the
Senator has shown to-day, and do little else
than pursue vindictively these loyalists.
There has been allusion to the Governor of
Virginia. The Senator says I have made an
assault upon him. Oh! no. How have I as-
saulted him? I said simply that I understood
he was on the floor, as the member-elect from
Richmond was on the floor. That is all that
I said. But, now, there is something with re-
gard to this Governor to which I should like
to have an answer ; possibly the Senator may
be able to answer it. I have here a, speech
purporting to have been made by him at an
agricultural fair in the southwest part of Vir-
ginia after the election, from which, with your
permission, but, sir, without adopting it at all
or making myself in any way responsible for
its contents, I will read.
Mr HOWARD. When was it made?
Mr. SUMNER. Since the election. Mr.
Walker, addressing the audience, says :
"A little talking sometimes does a great deal of
good; and that expended in the late canvass 1 heard
in a voice of thunder on the 6th of July, when the
people of your noblo old Commonwealth declared
themselves against vandalism, traud, and treachery.
Virginia has freed herself from the tyranny of a
horde of greedy cormorants and unprincipled.carpot-
baggers, who came to sap her very vitals. 1 have no
other feeling but that of pity tor the opposition
party, who were deceived and led by aaventureis
having only their own personal aggrandizement and
aims in view, with neither interest, character, nor
self-respectat stake, forthis amajonty of them never
had."
Now, sir, what are the operative words of
this remarkable speech ? That this very Gov-
ernor Walker, who finds a vindicator I may
say, adopting a term of the early law, a com-
purgator— in the Senator from Illinois, an-
nounces that by this recent election Virginia
has "declared against vandalism, fraud, and
treachery ; " has "freed herself from a horde
of greedy cormorants and unprincipled carpetj
baggers, who came to sap lier very vitals.
Pretty words these!
Such is the language by which this Governor
characterizes loyal people from the North,
from the W^st, from all parts of the countrj,
who, since the overthrow of the rebellion, have
gone there with their household gods, with their
energies, with their character, with their means,
to contribute to the resources of the State!
In the words of this Governor, who represents
the policy of the Senator from Illinois, they
are "a horde of greedy cormorants and un-
principled carpet-baggers." Such is the char-
acterization made by this Governor with whom
the Senator from Illinois is now cooperating.
Sir, what does all this suggest? To mv mind
unhappy days in the future; to my mind any
thing but justice for the devoted loyal people
and Unionists of that State. And now, sir,
while I make this plea for them, again let me
say I present no exclusive claim to represent
them ; I speak now only because others do not
speak ; and as in other days when I encoun-
tered the opposition of the Senator from Illi-
nois, I was often in a small minority, some-
times almost alone, I may be so now; but I
have a complete conviction that, the course I
am now taking will be justified by the future.
Sad enough if it is so. I hope it may be
otherwise.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to take any part in the personalities which
have been introduced into this debate. They
have very little to do with the decision of the
question before ns. I presume that all the
Republican Senators in this body will accord
not only to the Senator from Massachusetts,
but to my colleague, the merit of being good
Republicans, and I presume 'that but for this
unfortunate controversy to-day those two Sen-
ators would accord to each other the credit of
being very clever Republicans. I know, so far
as my colleague is concerned, that he is con-
sidered a good Republican in Illinois, and
backed by two million Republicans. He has
a record which they have indorsed. I have
had occasion to differ from him, unfortunately
very often to differ from him; but I know
that neither he nor I ever swerved knowingly
from true Republican principles. On the other
hand, Massachusetts will stand by the distin-
guished Senator from that State, and will ac-
cord to him the credit of being a friend to the
colored man.
But, Mr. President, I rise to discard all these
personalities, and to say that whether the peo-
ple of Virginia are loyal or not is not the ques-
tion for me to decide now. That is an im-
material question on this occasion. If, how
ever, the people of Virginia are loyal, then they
cannot object to the amendment which was
proposed by the Senator from Missouri, then
they cannot object to the amendment which is
now proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
The latter amendment prescribes an oath which
the members of that Legislature can take, and
the provisions of the amendment they can ap-
prove of if they are loyal. If they are disloyal
and cannot take the oath, or cannot support the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri, that the aition heretofore taken in the
adoption of the fifteenth constitutional amend-
ment shall not be set aside, then they ought
not to come into this Union, then they ought
not to be readmitted to its privileges.
We do not propose to apply to them an un-
reasonable proposition. If they are loyal they
will not be in favor of repealing their ratifi-
cation of tho fifteenth constitutional amend-
ment. If they are loyal they can take the
oaths which have been prescribed to and which
have been taken by State officers in other States.
An appeal has been made to the Senators from
the other States which have been in rebellion.
I ask them if conditions were not imposed upon
their States, if their States were not required
to submit to such conditions; and I ask them
if there is any reason why Virginia should be
exempt from having conditions imposed upon
her such as were imposed upon them?
The argument has been made, and I confess
with a great deal of force, that Virginia has
voted upon this constitution; that she has done
everything that Congress required she should
do. and that now it would be bad faith on the
part of Congress not to admit her as a State
into the Union after she has faithfully complied
with the conditions which had been prescribed
by Congress itself. The answer to that is, that
since the reconstruction measures were adopt-
ed, a new and vital question has sprung up before
the American people, and we have intimations
now not only in the Senate Chamber, but from the
groat States of Ohio and New York, that the fif-
teenth amendment is to be made a question in
the future elections of the country. The Demo-
cratic party as a body intend if they can yet
to gain the victory upon the question of negro
suffrage. So far as Illinois is concerned, so
far as the Northwest is concerned, they intend
yet to achieve the victory upon the question of
negro suffrage. They intend to oppose with
all the power of their party the reconstruction
measures which have been adopted by the Cob:
gross of the United States. Now, sir, ,a new
state of facts having arisen since the .adoption
of the reconstruction measures. I ask if Con-
gress shall not provide precautionary measures
against the defeat of its whole policy in regard
to the .rebel States?
Mr. President, we have heretofore said that
we would have indemnity for tlie past and
security for' the future. The indemnity we
give up; all we ask is absolute submission .to
the authority of the Government of the United
States, a penitent, loyal, obedient allegiance
to the Constitution and the institutions of the
country; and, on the other hand, we stand
ready when that is done, by most magnani-
mous forgiveness, to forget the blood that has
been shed and the treasure that has been ex-
hausted by the the treason of old Virginia,
more responsible because having more influ-
ence in the nation than any other rebel State.
Sir, can any member of the Senate refuse to
vote for a proposition like this when if the
Legislature is loyal its members can take the
oath prescribed in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont and cannot property oppose
the proposition of tho Senator from Missouri?
Is it not reasonable ? That is the question.
A good deal has been said about flighted
faith. There is a sort of plighted faith that
operates on me with regard to this matter, and
that is that as long as Congress has the power
over these States it shall exert it to the fullest
extent necessary to maintain the faith, hereto-
fore plighted to the loyal people of the nation.
By the way, I will here remark that Congress
has full power so long as these States remain
unreconstructed; and though we adopt the
reconstruction measures, if in the subsequent
history of the proceedings a new question
arises, anything which threatens to disturb
the peace aud harmony of the country, any-
thing which tends to defeat s thoroughly loyal
reconstruction, the power of the Congress of
the United States in fulfillment of its endeav-
ors to restore peace and union to the country
would remain intact so long. I do not care
whether the reconstruction measures covered
this case or not; it is like a new trial, upon
afccr-discovered evidence.
Hero is a new question. The good, loyal,
Union-loving Republicans of this country have
said, "We will not restore the rebel States to
this Union until they are willing to subscribe
to the theory, the principles, the doctrines of
the Republican party;" and now that a new
question has arisen, now that the entire Dem-
ocratic party raises its shibboleth and says,
" We wii 1 have victory on this question; we will
disregard the acts of former Legislatures adopt-
ing this amendment; we will meet the Repub-
licans upon this new issue; you shall not have
negro suffrage, you shallnot have equal rights,"
will a Republican Senator say that he will not
vote to admit Virginia, to recognize her as a
lawful State, because there may be in this bill
a provision that she shall not repeal the act
of ratification of a constitutional amendment
adopted by her Legislature ?
I have said that there is plighted faith. We
stand here as the representatives of the Ameri-
can people, the Congress of the United States,
to say that there shall be no settlement of this
controversy, no reconstruction, except upon
the ground of absolute submission, absolute
allegiance, absolute penitence. _ Why, sir, if
there is any plighted faith in this matter it is
the faith that we owe to the thousands and
hundreds of thousands of men who_ have fallen
upon a thousand battle-fields to vindicate the
American Union, to sustain the integrity ot
the Government. For one, sir, I confessthat
I have had some agency in this war m ™sin§
and sending men into the Army; and though
it was a war that could not be helped, though
we had to fight it in defense of the American
Union, I cannot but feel, as I see the shades of
three hundred thousand of my countrymen
