1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5511
mendation for buildings at certain places. Has
there been any plan agreed upon ? Not at all.
It is a mere guess. 1 could state something,
if it were not for taking up the time of the Sen-
ate, in reference to some of the recommenda-
tions in these estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury. I know something about some of
them. There is a recommendation there for
building a court-house and a post office in a
town where a court has never sat at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They could not sit until
they had got a court-house.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know but that
a court might by law be appointed to be held
there.
Mr. THAYER. I desire simply to say that
when I offered this proposition and had it re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, asking for $50,000, it was with
the practice in view which has heretofore pre-
vailed, to which the Senator from Illinois has
alluded, of asking for a certain sum from year
to year until the building was completed. I
did not suppose that a suitable building could
be erected for ยง50,000. I was simply asking
that amount for this year, intending to ask for
the balance at the next session. But the Sen-
ator from Vermont this morning offered this
proviso, limiting the building to this appropri-
ation. I therefore desired a reconsideration
of that, with a view of asking for $100,000,
and not objecting to a limitation then. It is
very evident that a proper building cannot be
erected for $50,000.
Mr. HARLAN. T think the amendment I
have suggested conforms to the spirit of the
rule mentioned by the honorable Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not as specific as
the amendment agreed upon by the commit-
tee.
Mr. HARLAN. It provides that the build-
ing shall not cost to exceed $100,000, one half
of which is appropriated in this bill. Now, as
I understand, what the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds desire is, that appro-
priations shall not be made without definite
plans. It is not important that the whole of
the money should be appropriated at one time
in order to fix the plan of the building. This
amendment, if it should be adopted, will re-
quire the head of the Bureau of Construction
of the Treasury Department to make his plans,
so that the building shall not cost more than
ยง100,000. Probably $50,000 is all that will be
needed during the current year, and the residue
may be appropriated hereafter. It surely is
not essential to appropriate the whole amount
necessary to erect the building at one time,
unless the whole of it can be expended advan-
tageously during otia fiscal year.
My amendment, if adopted, it seems to me,
answer's the purpose contemplated by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds. It
is in complete harmony with the spirit of their
rule. Of course I should have no objection
to putting in the whole $100,000 now; but
that would probably be useless. Probably they
would not be able to^ expend advantageously
more than $50,000 this year.
Mr. HO WE. Let me suggest to the Senator
from Nebraska that I think he need not have
the slightest objection to any restriction put in
the statute, because I never pay the slightest
attention to such a restriction. It never bmus
another Congress. In the very case the Sen-
ator from Illinois alluded to just now, the
marine hospital at Chicago, when we provided
for building that we put a positive condition
into the statute that no more should be spent
upon it than the old hospital was sold for.
I had occasion to go through your appro-
priations for marine hospitals throughout the
country, and I can show you dozens of them
where you appropriated in this way. One year
you would come down to a specific number of
dollars and cents to complete the hospital; the
next year you would appropriate a round num-
ber of thousands of dollars to complete the
same building; the next year you would come
down to a specific number of dollars and cents
again; and so on, half a dozen different appro-
priations year after year to complete the same
building. These restrictions are of no sort of
use.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we can require
the Secretary or the officer in charge of erect-
ing these buildings to enter into contracts at
the start, so that the whole cost shall not
exceed a certain amount. If we cannot do
that there is no safety. I am willing if the
Senate is satisfied with that, and I would much
prefer that the amount should be fixed at
$100,000, and have a limitation, rather than
to give $50,000 without any limitation.
Mr. THAYER. That is just what the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa proposes to do,
which I accept. Let us agree to iliat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa will be regarded as agreed to, and the
proviso, as amended, concurred in by the Sen-
ate. The Secretary will report the next and
last reserved amendment, which is in regard
to the surveys for the Northern Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. HARLAN. Iwill abandon thatamond-
ment, on the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then that amend-
ment will be regarded as concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The same amend-
ment which was applied to the post office and
court-house building in New York city should
be applied to the similar building in Boston.
The two buildings stand on precisely the same
footing. I therefore move the same amend-
ment in regard to the Boston post office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine moves to amend the appropriation for
the work on the post office at Boston by adding
the proviso agreed to in Committee of the
Whole in regard to the New York post office,
which the Secretary will report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we all under-
stand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is under-
stood, the Chair will take the sense of the
Senate upon it without reading it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The two build-
ings are on precisely the same footing, and the
same provision ought to be made for both.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. TRUMBULL. Let
the amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is, on
page 14, after line three hundred and fourteen,
to insert the following:
Provided, That no provision? heretofore enacted
sh all be construed to pi-even t the payment of anion nts
duo or to becomedue under existing contracts: And
provided further. That the total cost of the building
shall not exceed the amount of the estimates of the
plans approved by the Postmaster General and Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer an amendment in
precisely the language in which it was reported
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and I have reduced the amount:
And be it further enacted, That tho Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to bo constructed a suitable build-
ing fire-proof, at Leavenworth, Kansas, forthe ac-
commodation of tho post office, the United States
courts, land and revenue offices; and for this pur-
pose there is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, ยฃ100,000,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who shall cause proper plans and
estimates to be made, so that no expenditure shall
he made or authorized fortlie full completion of said
building beyond the amount herein appropiiated :
Provided, That no money hereby appropriated shall
be used or applied to the purposes mentioned until
a valid title to the land for the site of such building
shall be vested in tho United States, and until the
State shall also duly release and relinquish to the
United States the right to tax or in any way assess
said site, or the property of the United btates that
may be thereon during the time that the Jmted
States shall be or remain tho owner thereof.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the same case
that we had up once before. The trouble with
this amendment is that it is providing a court-
house when there is no United States court ijfc
Leavenworth.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the reason there
is none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the SeBate want to
build court-houses where there are no courts,
very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was the
purpose of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds not to report above five of these
public buildings at this session, and to select
those in different parts of the country, where
they were most needed; and in most cases we
followed the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Since we reported those
bills subsequent recommendations have been
strongly urged by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in behalf of one or two more. I do not
know how many more have got in; I think
not more than about seven in all.
Mr. POMEROY. Only four.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have one
in Arkansas, one in North Carolina, one in
New York, and one in Missouri.
Mr. POMEROY. Every one has been passed
and concurred in by the Senate excepting this
one. I cannot understand why there should
be any discrimination against this proposition,
as they have all been reported in favor of by
the committee.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish to add to that
amendment the words "provided the site be
given to the United States."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I simply wish
to say that I fear gentlemen will endanger the
whole of these propositions, and I think they
have done so now to a very great extent, by
trying to crowd in more than the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds have agreed
to. If they would allow what the committee
have reported in favor of this year they would
get those this year, and next year they would
be served in their proper turn. If they will
moderate their views, in proper time they will
all receive attention.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina moves to amend the amend-
ment by adding as a proviso that a site shall
be given to the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays uoon the amendment.
Mr. "MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no ; that
will break us up for want of a quorum.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but
three Senators rising to second the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is not agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish Senators to under-
stand that this is to be a building for the accom-
modation of the post office. United States court,
and land and revenue offices. I canuot under-
stand why an appropriation of this sort should
be i-efused to a State which is paying$l,000,000
into the Treasury through its internal revenue:
which receives no appropriation for rivers and
harbors, or anything of that kind. It simply
asks this one appropriation; and yet Senators
propose to refuse that.
Mr. CONKL1NG. In the name of midnight,
I want to know what the question is before the
Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is nothing
before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let us go on in
regular order.
Mr. POMEROY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
refused the yeas and nays. The Senator trom
Kansas demanded the yeas and nays, and but
three Senators rose to second the call.
