424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
who have fallen in defense of the Union,
that something is due to their memory, I can-
not "but ask myself what is the faith which we
owe to the widows and the orphans in the little
cabins of the prairie State and the hoosier State ?
There is a faith due to every man and every
woman who sent forth his or her son or con-
tributed a dollar to uphold the American flag;
and there is a promise on our part, a sacred
inviolable promise that we shall use every
precaution, adopt every measure, impose every
condition to see and to secure that the States
which are restored to this Union are and shall
be loyal to the Government.
Mr. President, believing as I do that these
amendments can do no harm if the people there
are loyal, I shall vote for them. I do not say,
on the other hand, that if these amendments are
notadopted I shall notvote for the admission of
this State. I am inclined to think that I shall
vote for it, and vote for it on a high principle.
I believe the time has come when all sectional-
isms, all loyal prejudices, all unkindness of
feeling should be buried as far as can be. But,
sir, 1 do not do it upon the issue presented by
some of my Republican friends here, who say
they are tired of reconstruction. I am tired
of this cry about the rights of the States. Talk
not to me of the rights of States which forfeited
every right. The time has come, or is fast
coming, in this country when the people of the
United States shall govern it. Sacred though
the Constitution of the United States be in my
mind, and willing though I be to abide by its
principles, yet that chart of American liberty,
the Declaration of American Independence, is
my guide; it is the gospel which I shall follow
to the latest day of my life.
I hope to see the day when instead of allow-
ing a small State like Florida to have two
Senators upon this floor, while Illinois has but
the same number, if Illinois according to her
population shall be entitled to twenty-live Sen-
ators she shall have them. I want to see the
day when the judges of the United States Su-
preme Court shall be elected by the people of
tins country. Wo have jadopted that system
in Illinois, and we never had in that State a
better judiciary and never had justice more
ably or more impartially administered than it
lias been under that system. I expect before this
question is ended that the principles of the
Declaration of American Independence will
be carried out to the letter, and there will be
perfect freedom, perfect equality, and every
man shall hare his equal representation in the
judiciary and in the representative department
ol this Government; and uut.il that day shall
nave come the Republican party will not have
accomplished its mission.
.but now, sir, to return to the matter before
the Senate, I rose simply to say that this is a
new question. The Senator from Ohio knows
thatwhethor ho wishes itor not, whether there
is any reasonfor it or not, the Democratic party
oi this State intend to plant themselves upon
the ground of opposition to the reconstruction
measures of Congress, and they intend yet to
gam the victory on the negro question in Illi-
nois, an(l in Nebraska, and in every northwest-
ern State; and now, seeing right before our
eyes m Virginia a Legislature which, to say
the least, is questionable as to its loyalty, shall
we hesitate to adopt measures requiring them
to subscribe to conditions which will show their
loyalty I Sir, I cannot and will not entertain
any doubt on such a question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not intend, Mr.
-t resident, to enter into this discussion. I do
not beiong to the political party which has been
jiolumg a kind of political class-meeting in the
senate Chamber for the last two or three hours
, i?ave becn delighted at the revelation of
their experiences, and I would be willing to
sit here till midnight to hear them tell of their
rait.li and of their works.
But, Mr. President, they all have spoken of
their devotion to the negro; how much they
attached to him, and the poor white race
seem to have nobody to say one word for them.
Nobody seems to care for the white man now.
Sir, I rose simply to say, however unpopular
the utterance may be and however unusual
such an utterance is in this Chamber, that I
am a friend of the white man. [Laughter.]
I have accomplished my purpose, sir; the
white man has one friend at least in the Senate
of the United States.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I propose
to offer an amendment to this amendment if
it is now in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. WILLEY. I propose to strike out after
the word "before," in the first line, the words
in the modified amendment, including the
words "hereinafter stated,'' down to the word
"shall," and to insert:
Any member of the Legislature of said State shall
take his seat, or any officer thereof, shall enter upon
the duties of his office, he.
So that, if amended, it will read:
ProvidedK That before any member of the Legis-
lature of said State shall take his seat, or any officer
thereof shall enter upon the duties of his office, he
shall take and subscribe and file in the office of the
secretary of State of Virginia, for permanent preser-
vation, an oath in theform following, &e.
The practical effect of this amendment, if
adopted, will simply be to modify the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont so as to
allow the bill reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee to take effect immediately upon its pas-
sage. It preserves all the machinery of the
amendment to enforce its provisions, including
the final proviso in it. The effect of it, it seems
to me, would be happy in this : if there be
those factions in the Virginia Legislature that
seek to get control of the State they will under
the operation of this amendment be very eager
to qualify as speedily as possible, because under
the operation of this amendment, if it be
adopted, so soon as a majority qualify and make
themselves entitled to seats under the provis-
ions of it, then the Legislature may be in ses-
sion. The result will be that if there be in that
State these factions—I know nothing as to the
fact—these parties that desire to get the con-
trol of the legislation of the State, there will
he a race between them to see who can first
qualify under the bill and take their seats. That
will prevent delay. It will accomplish every
essential purpose designed by the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, it seems to me.
It will require them to take the oath and con-
form themselves^ to the provisions of the four-
teenth constitutional amendment, and it pre-
serves the penaltiesin his amendment to enforce
the observance of that provision.
With this explanation I submit the amend-
ment to the Senate.
Mi\ STE WART. I do not wish to prolong
this discussion. I very much desire that we
shall get a vote to-night, and I hope we shall
not adjourn until we have a vote. I wish
simply to call the attention of the Senate to
what General Canby did in regard to this par-
ticular matter. So far as this amendment is
concerned, of course there is ample power to
pass the same provision in a general law and
make it applicable to all the States under the
fourteenth amendment; and a general law
would probably be the best way of accomplish-
ing the object sought. Unless there is some
particulag necessity in the case of Virginia for
applying it in the organization of that Legis-
lature it would be better to have general legis-
lation on the subject.
General Canby, previous to the election held
in Virginia, notified the people that no persons
would be allowed to hold office who were ob-
noxious to the fourteenth amendment, and in
his proclamation of election he was very par-
ticular to state that those who were disqualified
under that amendment would not be allowed ji
to enter upon the discharge of the duties of I!
oJice. In his proclamation of election, which l;
was the law governing the whole transaction and :
wasthe law governing the organization, he said: j
i?eIigi-bi6t?office under the provis- !■
ions of the third section of article fourteen of the
1 amendments to the Constitution of the United States,
: hereinafter published for tho information and gov-
ernment of those whom it may concern, will be al-
lowed to enter upon the duties of the offices to which
they may hare been chosen unless their disabilities
havo been removed by Congress."
This was the order he made at the time he
announced the result of the election. He made,
as I understand, an investigation, and found
two of the elected legislators disqualified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the evidence
of the investigation?
Mr. STEWART. It is not in the printed
documents, I believe.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me inquire of tho
Senator from Nevada how it happened that
a number of persons got into the Legislature
who were excluded by the fourteenth amend-
ment?
Mr. STEWART. I do not understand that
there is any such. General Canby made suf-
ficient inquiry to exclude two, and he gen-
erally does his work thoroughly, and I take it
for granted he excluded them all. In many
places he pressed the idea that none would
be allowed to enter that Legislature who were
disqualified under the fourteenth amendment.
I am satisfied, so far as my action is con-
cerned, that he has done the work as thor-
oughly as it can be done ; consequently I do
not see any importance in this amendment,
and I shall vote against it, though I do not
think it very material one way or the other.
With the amendment to it of the Senator from
West Virginia it would be very harmless; but
still it is an amendment that does no good,
serves 110 purpose, and it is not well to
incumber the bill with it.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President- 
Mr. RAMSEY. I move, with the consent
of the Senator from Michigan, that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. There is a message from the President
that we ought to consider.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall go on
and finish the bill, if possible.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Cole. Drake, Edmunds, Fcn-
ton, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Vermont, Osbom, Pomcroy,
rbt ' rn-tn:"cy' J?.1,?0, Scott, Spencer. Sumner,
Phaser. Tipton, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
,®ossrf; Abbott, Bayard, Carpenter, Oas-
ecrly, Conldmg Corbett, Davis. Ferry, Fowler, Ham-
ilton, Kellogg, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Norton
£vyoi if1083' Salisbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner,
and Will oy—28.
, ^cssrs. Cidtcli, Chandler, Oragin, Gil-
bert,.Morton, Patterson, Pool, Robertson, Schurz,
and Sprague—10.
So the motion was agreed to; and after
sometime spent in the consideration of execu-
tive business, the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 13, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
adm rSSION OF virginia.
Mr. DOX. In the vote taken on Monday in
reference to the admission of Virginia, about
which there was so much error, I am recorded
as not voting. I did vote against the motion
to reconsider, as I have and shall always vote
for the untrammeied admission of the State
Of Virginia.
REPORT OF CAPTAIN SAMUEL ADAMS.
On motion of Mr. PALMER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from tne Committee on Printing of the report
L^a'u ®amue' Adams of his exploration
of the Colorado river, for reference in the
Senate.
