1736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
8uls in China and Japan; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COOK also introduceda bill (H. II. No.
1429) to extend in Madagascar the judicial
power conferred by the act of June 22, I860,
upon ministers and consuls of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
james l. wilson, mississippi.
Mr. CREBS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1430) to remove the legal and political disabil-
ities of James L. Wilson, of Glencoe, Bolivar
county, Mississippi; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
petition, referred to the select C6mmitt.ee on
Reconstruction.
post route in illinois.
Mr. McNEELY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1431) to establish a post route between
Clarksville, Missouri, and Pleasant Hill, Illi-
nois ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Goads. ,
SWAMP LANDS OF MISSISSIPPI VALLEY.
Mr. WELLS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1432) to provide for reclaiming the swamp
lands of the Mississippi valley, to facilitate
transportation on the Mississippi river and its
tributaries, and to promote the commerce of the
Northwest; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
william r. reynolds.
Mr. FINKELNBURG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1483) granting a pension to the widow
of William R. Reynolds; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
iron mountain and iiblena railroad.
Mr. ROOTS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1484) to amend an act entitled "An act making
a grant of land in alternate Sections to aid in
the construction of the Iron Mountain railroad
from Pilot Knob, in the State of MiSBouri, to
Helena, in Arkansas," approved July 4,1866 ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
STEVEN MAItSTON.
Mr. STRICKLAND introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 183) directing the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to issue a
patent to Steven Marston, of Hartford, State
of Connecticut, conveying to the said Marstoa
the land described therein ;■ which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Publie Land#, and ordered to be
printed.
chippewa indians.
Mr. STRICKLAND also introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 184) directing the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to make certain cred-
its to the mill fund of the Chippewa Indians;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee'on Indian Affairs.
schools in florida.
Mr. HAMILTON introduced a bijl (H. R.
No. 1435) to grant lands in aid of public schools
in the State Of Florida; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
On Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
pensions.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
11. No. 1436) to repeal a portion of the act of
July 27, 1868, in relation to pensions ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
william mount.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1437) for the relief of William Mount; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ninth census.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1438) to amend an act entitled "An act
providing for the taking of the seventh and
subsequent censuses of the United States, and
to fix the number of the members of the House |
of Representatives, and to provide for their
future apportionment," approved May23,1850,
and also to provide for additional representa-
tion in the Forty-Second Congress; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
select Committee on the Ninth Census, and
ordered to be printed.
post routes in california.
, Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1439) to establish certain post routes in
the State of California; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
adjustment of land claims.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1440) to restore to certain parties their
rights under the laws and treaties of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
public lands in nevada.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1441) to amend an act entitled "An
act to further provide for giving effect to the
various grants of public lands to the State of
Nevada;" which was read a first and second^
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
judicial districts in california.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1442) to divide California in to two judi-
cial districts; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
officers of colored troops.
Mr. CLARKE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Kansas, in reference
to the pay of officers engaged in organizing
colored troops; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
post route in west virginia.
Mr. DUVAL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1443) to establish a certain post route in West
Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Po3t Roads.
post roads in new mexico.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1444) to establish certain post roads in the
Territory of New Mexico; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
heirs ot mrs. r. l. de leon.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1445) for the relief of the heirs ana legal
representatives of Mrs. R. L. De Leon ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
OTAH.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1446) amendatory of an act enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1S70;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
hastings and dakota railroad.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1447) for eon tinuing the building of the Hastings
and Dakota railroad across the Territory of
Dakota, and continuing the land grant in aid
of the same; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
dakota post routes.
Mr. SPINK also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1448) to establish certain post routes in
the Territory of Dakota; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
coal lands and town sitk9.
Mr. NUCKOLLS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1449) supplementary to the act approved
March 3, 1865, for the disposal of coal lands
and of town property in the public domain;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
call for house resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The call for bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded, the
States and Territories will now be called for
House resolutions, beginning with the Terri-
tory of Arizona, where the call rested at the
expiration of the morning hour on Monday
last.
The call having been concluded, it was then
renewed in reverse order.
ciierokees, ciioctaws, etc.
Mr. CLARKE submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Whereas the Cherokee, Choctaw and Chickasaw,
ancl Creek tribes of Indians occupy a large and val-
uable portion of the territory lying between the
States of Kansas and Texas, and oast of that por-
tion of the Indian territory set apart exclusively for
tho permanent home of various Indian tribes; and
whereas Congress has authorized the construction of
lines of railroads through said public domain ; and
whereas several companies thus authorized will soon
be actually constructing their roads through the ter-
ritory aforesaid; and whereas the said Cherokees,
Choctaws, Chiekasaws, and Creeks are well advanced
in civilization, and are now exercising all the func-
tions of republican governments, executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial, and are possessed of great wealth,
both as individuals and tribes, and are no longer in
propersense wards of the Government: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to consider the expediency of provid-
ing by law for the abrogation of the tribal relations
of said Indians, the final adjustments all their busi-
ness as such with the Government of the United
States, the organization of a territorial government
therefor, and their full recognition as citizens upon
the same terms as in other Territories of the Federal
Union, and to report by bill or otherwise.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
35, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Clarke and Mr.
Cullom.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 04, noes 63.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. CULLOM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CULLOM, the resolution
was then referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 266) to authorize officers of
the Executive Departments to ad minister oaths
in certain cases;
An act (S. No. 374) to amend an act entitled
" An act to extend the time for the Little
Rock and Fort Smith Railroad Company to
complete the first section oftwenty milesofsaid
road," approved April 10,1869 ; and
An act (S. No. 486) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes.
