5512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. POMEROY, I ask far the yeas and
nays again, I wish to see if a Senator cannot
get even the yeas and nays on a proposition of
this sort.
The yeas «nd nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do got" desire to take
any time, and I have simply one word to say.
I vote with my friend from Kansas every time
I can; but this is a proposition to build a court-
house where there is no provision of law that
authorizes a judge to go there and hold any court
at all. That to me is a conclusive answer. I
do not know but that there ought to be a court
there, ancl the moment we decide that there
shall be then I will go for a court-house.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on the
Judiciary reported back a bill to organize a
court there adversely, on the ground that there
was no court-bouse there.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. EDMUNDS.
Oh, no!
Mr. POMEROY. That was the report of
the chairman of the committee. He said there
was no court-house. I introduced a bill to
have a court held there, and the Committee on
the Judiciary reported it back unfavorably,
because there was no place to hold the court.
Now they will not allow us to have a court-
house, because there is no court there, and
they will not give ns a court there because
there is no court-house, and that ends the ques-
tion.
Several Senators. Withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas withdiaw the call for the
yeas and nays?
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, yes; he does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas must answer; not the Senator
from Now York.
Mr. CONKLING. I know he will with-
draw it, and 1 only wanted to inform the Chair
of that fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Silence gives
consent'. [Laughter.] Tha call for the yeas
and nays is withdrawn, and the amendment is
"Mr. ROBERTSON. A good many of my
friends on the other side of the Chamber have
come to me and told me that they voted for
my amendment. I have been unable to find
a single one that voted against it. [Laughter. ]
There must have evidently been some mistake
about it. Therefore, as the bill is now in the
Senate, I renew my amendment to add the
following:
For a United States post office and court-house a,t
Greenville, South Carotin a. £25,000: Provided, Asuit-
able site bo given to the United States: And provided
further, That ftaid building shall not cost nioio Ukhi
the sum hereby appropriated.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment; and declared that tha
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There seein to have
been a good many who voted against it, after
all. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
on page 39, by striking out all after the word
"north," in line nine hundred and twenty-
two, down to the word "ninety-five," in line
nine hundred and twenty-eight. I propose to
strike out the increased rates for surveying.
That is a very easy country to survey, and I do
not think these increased rates are necessary.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed, on page
39, to strike out the following words:
At augmented rates, namely, seventy-two miles
of standard lines at not exceeding fitteen dollars per
lineal mite, eight hundred and fifty miles of town-
ship lines at not exceeding twelve dolfars per lineal
mile, and eight thousand four hundred and seventy
ltr.les of sub-divisional lines at not exceeding ton
dollars per lineal mile, amounting in all to.
So that the clause will read:
For the survey of the public lands within the limits
of the land grant 10 the ^Northern Pacific lUiilroad
Umiip.my in a dircct line extending from Duluth,
o*i Lai;-* Supei ior. to Georgetown, on the Bed Itiver
of the N'un h,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Would not the
Senator think it worth while to limit the ex-
pense?
Mr. HARLAN. I think not. The existing
law limits it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. Idesirenowtorenewtheamend-
ment offered by me early in the evening, to
insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of
enabling the Secretary of the Interior to extinguish
the title to the lands known as the Black Bob In-
dian reservation 111 the Stale of Kansas, containing
thirty-three thousand three hundred and ninety-
throe acres, more or less, $83,482 50 is hereby appro-
priated, the same to bo held m trust foe the use anil
benefit of said band, and for the purchase ot a new
home in tho Indian territory, as tho Secretary of
the Interior may dircet: Provided, That the said
lands shall thereafter be subject to sale to actual
occupants in quantities not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres to each head of a family, at the price
of $2 50 per acre, paymont, therefor to bo made in
tho lawful money ot the United States, within one
year from the date hereof.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
oil the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. ROSS. I feel that I should be derelict
in my duty to a large number of people in my
State, if I did not urge this proposition with
all the earnestness that I am capable of doing.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not pending now.
Mr. ROSS. I propose to ask for a division
upon it. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas demands a division upon this
amendment.
Mr. ROSS. This amendment is offered for
the purpose of defeating a conspiracy entered
into by some half' a dozen gentlemen in the
State of Kansas and in the city of Washing-
ton—for many of tliein are lobbyists about
this Hall, and that is their oniy business—a
conspiracy to rob about two hundred of tho set-
tlers of that State, two hundred of my neigh-
bors, and turn their families out of doors house-
less and homeless. There is no reason in law
01* in equity why it should not be passed ; and
while I feel exceedingly disinclined to occupy
the time of the Senate at this late hour of tiie
night and of the session yet F am constrained
to do so. For the present 1 content myself
with asking a division of the Senate upon the
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN.' 'That will broak up the
Senate.
Mr. ROSS. It is feared that that will break
up the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Let the amendment go 011
the bill; that is the best way.
Mr. ROSS. I am a good deal embarrassed
on this subject. 1 dislike to take up the time
of the Senate, but' inasmuch as this amend-
ment has been apparently voted down, and
that, too, without a knowledge of the facts, I
feel compelled to goon.
Mr. TJUlURMAN. Then lot us adjourn.
Mr. ROSS. There never was a more mer-
itorious proposition introduced into this Sen-
ate. )t is a proposition which saves the homes
of two hundred families and two hundred of
my neighbors.
Mr, WILLIAMS. If tho Senator will allow
me, I appeal to the Senate to allow this amend-
ment to go on the bill and trust it to the House
and a conference committee, rather than stay
here to night.
Mr. ROSS. I will not ask for a division,
but ask that tho question be again put on the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will again bo reported, and the Chair will again
take the sense of the Senate upon it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
TheVICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the amendment, and declared that by thesonnd
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for a division. If
I may address the Chair while a division is
ordered, with the permission of the. Chair; I
do riot wish to disturb the progress of this bill;
but I simply wish to say, as I was out of my
place at the moment, that I do not believe in -
this method of legislation, of putting things on
a bill for the purpose of getting them off again,
and I wish to take this opportunity to express
it, and to state that I have voted against the
amepdmerft. I now withdraw the call for a
division, and let the decision of the Ch&irstand,
as I have no doubt it was right, as the sound
was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ayes appear
to have it; the ayes have it; and the amend-
ment is agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL. I wishtorenewtlieamend-
nient that I offered, and I trust it will be voted
upon without any technical objection being
made to it. I think it is within the law and
the rule, and the Senator who has charge of
the bill does not object to it. It is to insert
at the end of the first section the following:
For the purpose of paying to W illiam T. Stotts, of
Lee county, Iowa, whatever sum may be found justly
due him, not exceeding the sum of $6,500, in full for
damages sustained by him by reason of the prosecu-
tion by the United States of the improvement of the
I)es Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river, tho same
to be ascertained and fixed by tho Secretary of War,
upon due proof made to him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of order
on that amendment. Any Senator can break
us up, if he chooses, by violating the rules of
the Senate, and we may as well either adjourn
or let this bill go. I object to that amendment
as violating the rule of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio makes a point of order on the amendr
mcnt; and the Chair must again repeat his de-
cision made in Committee of the Whole, that
it is evidently a private claim.
Mr. HOWELL. I wish the Senator from
Ohio would be so careful and so pertinacious
in matters of a great deal more importance,
and he would save a great deal more to the
country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to be lec-
tured by the Senator from Iowa. I tell him
frankly 
The VICE PP^ESIDENT. There is nothing
before the Senate. The Chair recognizes the
Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER,. I offer thefollowingamend-
ment as an additional section : and 1 will say
beforehand that I do not intend to say a word
about it:
And be it farther enacted. That all laws or parts of
laws which tend in any way to impair or take away
the junsdictiun ol courts to enforce the" legal effect
of any pardon issued by the late President Abraham
Lincoln, or of any amnesty oath authorized to be
taken by_ the proclamation ol the said President
Lincoln, issued in pursuance of any act of Congress,
he, and the same arc hereby, repealed.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina whether that is not
intended to repeal the proviso that was pus
upon the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill upon that subject?
Mr. SAWYER. It is intended to effect the
objcct which its language indicates.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 want to know whether it
is not intended to repeal that proviso! ["Ques-
tion!" "Question!"]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think apart of that
proviso ought to be repealed; and as it was
put upon an appropiiation bill, it ought to be
repealed upon some other appropriation bill.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
mary lincoln,
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1950, granting a pension to Mary Lincoln.
Mr. CONKLINO. 1 move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. .The Chair will
