2680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
on Patents is based upon the revision of the
laws relating to patents and copyrights made
by the commissioners of revision appointed
under the statute authorizing a revision of the
laws of the United States. That revisal of
these particular statutes was reported to this
House early in this Congress and referred by
the House to the Committee on the Revision
of the Laws of the United States. It was
examined by that committee and was found to
embody all the provisions of existing law, in
brief, clear, and precise language. They sub-
sequently reported it to the House and recom-
mended that it be referred to the Committee
on Patents.
In prospect of this proposed revision the
Committee on Patents had already received
numerous communications from those inter-
ested in the subject, and also numerous bills
and petitions that had been filed in the House
and referred to that committee, proposing vari-
ous amendments to the existing laws. They
had taken all these into consideration and
invited the presence of persons interested in
the different subjects to which the amendments
were intended to apply, and encouraged dis-
cussion from those interested and from those
learned in this branch of the laws upon those
proposed amendments. Tliey were heard at
great length, and the committee were very
careful to give a hearing, either orally or by
written communication, to any and every per-
son who supposed that there were defects in
the existing laws which ought to be remedied,
or who could make plain and clear the practice
under the laws so as to secure more perfectly
the rights which these laws were intended to
protect. The result of all these hearings and
discussions has been the adoption by the com-
mittee of certain propositions of amendment
to these laws,-which they have embodied in the
bill now before the House.
The bill is so printed as to show the law
exactly as it now is, in the form in which it
came from the hands of the commissioners of
revision. Every provision which is now in
force has been printed at length in the bill,
although it is proposed to strike out by way of
amendment many of them. All those which
it is proposed to strike out are printed, and
the amendments, many of which are substi-
tutes for the parts proposed to be omitted, are
also printed separately, and in italics, so that
they maybe clearly distinguished from the law
as it now is. The House, therefore, now have
before them in the reported bill the exact state
of the law, those provisions of the law which
it is recommended shall be dropped, and of
the new provisions which shall bo substituted
in their place, and also of the minor amend-
ments which are proposed to different parts of
the bill. It can be seen, therefore, at once
what has been the law, what is the law, in
what respects the existing law is supposed to
be defective, how that defect is proposed to
be amended, and how the law will read if the
amendment should be adopted.
Having thus stated the history of the bill, and
the state in which it is presented to the House,
I will consider thegeneral provisions of the act,
without at the present time going into details.
The first portion of the bill, entitled "chap-
ter first," relates to the constitution of the
Patent Office. In this respect, so far as the
number of officers is concerned, their titles,
their duties, no change is made. It remains
exactly as it was settled in the legislative, &c.,
appropriation bill which recently passed the
House. The only change affecting the officers
is a proposition to increase the compensation
of one class in one office, to which I ask the
attention of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes.]
We find a marked discrepancy under the
existing law between the compensation of the
two classes of officers who perform similar du-
ties and whoso responsibilities, though differ-
ent, are not so much greater the one from the
other. The law provides for principal exam-
iners at a salary "of $2,500 ; for first assistant
examiners, who often perform the duties of
principal examiners, with an annual compen-
sation of but $1)800 each, or that of a fourth-
class clerk. Then there are second assistant
examiners, with a compensation of $1,G00
each, or the same as that of third-class clerks.
The compensation of the first assistant exam-
iners it is proposed to increase to $2,000 a year
each, so as to make a proper gradation in the
compensation of these classes of officers, who
perform similar kinds of work,though with dif-
ferent degrees of responsibility. This will
increase the expenses of the office but $4,400
a year.
Then it is proposed to increase the compen-
sation of the librarian of the Patent Office. The
library of this department has now become
one of the most important libraries in the coun-
try. It is probably the best scientific library
in the United States, and has perhaps no supe-
rior in that regard in any country. The per-
son in charge of that library is not the mere
custodian of the books, but he is required to
be acquainted with all the modern languages,
so as to be able to keep the run of all publica-
tions upon scientific subjects, to correspond
with scientific men and with the publishers of
scientific works in all parts of the world, in
order that the library may be kept up and
made perfect and complete. We have hereto-
fore had as librarians of the Patent Office very
accomplished men, but they have been taken
away from the Patent Office by the offer of a
higher salary elsewhere. As the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] well knows,
one was taken to the Boston Library, where a
higher compensation was given. Now, in order
to obtain the services of gentlemen of this degree
of learning, who shall be able to keep up with
the scientific progress of the world, we propose
to increase the salary of the librarian of the
Patent Office. This increase is proposed also
with another view. The occupant of this office
at the present salary is obliged to eke out that
salary by accepting compensation from persons
having business with the office, and is liable
therefore to be influenced in favor of those for
whom he makes translations and investigations.
He cannot live and support a family without
doing so; but with this increase of salary that
practice will be cut off, and he can then devote
his whole time, talents, and services to the
public.
As the proposed increase of these salaries is
but $5,100, out of more than two hundred thou-
sand dollars which the Treasury receives from
the proceeds of the Patent Office, we think it
should be agreed to without hesitation. If it
were a burden upon the Treasury we should
not propose it; but we are confident, from
having carefully examined the business of that
office, that the increase in the fees which will
be received in consequence of increased effi-
ciency in the Patent Office would be far beyond
the amount of this increase of salary.
Mr. DAWES. Is" there any other change
in the official force of the Patent Office ?
Mr. JENCKES. ^ None at all.
Mr. DAWES. No change in the corps as
provided by the legislative appropriation bill,
as that bill left the House?
Mr. JENCKES. Not at all.
Mr. DAWES. The only change is in the
salaries of some of the officers?
Mr. JENCKES. That is all.
Mr. DAWES. Upon this question of sala-
ries I desire to say that I know there is a
proper exception in reference to the Patent
Office, growing out of two things. First, the
delicate nature of the duties to be performed,
and the corresponding necessity of employing
peculiar talent in that office; and secondly,
because this is more than a self-sustaining
Department of the Government. These two
considerations are fair considerations in ad-
justing the salaries of these officers.
The only objection which I could have to
this arrangement for raising these salaries
the precedent it would establish in reference
to other bureaus. I know the utter inability of
the Committee on Appropriations to resist the
moment we commence this work of increase.
I want to illustrate to the House this in one par-
ticular. Last April it was the first experience
of most of the present members of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, when we were in-
duced not to resist the raising of the salary of
the first Comptroller of the Treasury, though
the committee then stated to the jEouse what
they thought would be the effect of it, that
it would bring all the other Comptrollers and
Auditors of the Treasury Department down
upon us for increase of salary. It has had
that effect, and we have had as much as we
could do to resist the pressure.
If my friend will permit me to move an amend-
ment restoring those officers to existing rates
of salaries I am willing the House shall decide
the question. I state fairly to the House that
there are two sides to this question touching
the Patent Office; it stands in a different posi-
tion from other offices. If the question with
reference to this office stood alone I would not
raise a word of objection; but standing as it
does in the midst of the whole array of offices I
feel that I should not discharge my duty unless
I asked the House to amend the bill in this
particular.
Mr. JENCKES. I was just about to pro-
pose to the gentleman that a separate vote
might be taken on that question if he wished
it. Cat I want to say that we have not pro-
posed to raise the salaries of any offices to
which there are corresponding offices in the other
Departments. We have carefully avoided any-
thing of that kind. This class of offices exists
only in the Patent Office; and the necessity of
increased compensation is as evident to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
as it is to myself. I will leave the House to
determine what shall be done upon this ques-
tion. This is the first instance of any revision
of the laws respecting the constitution of any of
the Departments, it was not thought best to
disturb anything that had been settled, but to
improve so far as we could 
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will permit
me to say that with the exception to which I
have referred, this bill wffich I have had the
pleasure of examining seems to me a very de-
sirable measure, and the result of great labor.
It is a measure which the gentleman from
Khode Island [Mr. Jenckes] is competent
above all others to prepare, and I should desire
to see it become a law ifit does not involve this
increase of salaries.
Mr. WAED. I would like to inquire which
officers are, according to this proposition, to
have their salaries increased?
Mr. JENCKES. The first assistant exam-
iners. There are three grades of examiners,
whose rates of compensation at present are
$1,GOO, $1,800, and $2,500. It is proposed to
increase the compensation of the intermediate
grade to $2,000.
Mr. WARD. How many of these officers
are there?
Mr- JENCKES. This increase will make an
addition of only $4,400 out of an excess of
receipts of more than $200,000, to the expense
of the office.
Mr. WARD. How many of these examiners
are there ?
Mr. JENCKES. Twenty-two.
Mr. WARD. Then you increase the sala-
ries of twenty-two examiners from $1,800 to
$2,000 ?
Mr. JENCKES. That is all.
Mr. WARD. Well, what will be said when
the examiners of the other grades come here
and want their salaries increased ?
Mr. JENCKES. The salaries of those offi-
cers are fixed by law, and we do not propose
to change them.
Mr. WARD. They may ask it.
Mr. JENCKES. They may ask it, but we
can refuse to grant their request. The gentle-
