1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4569
tio-a, which is on tlitj subject of color, to report
it 'oack fivonti.jy.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from tlie Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 701) to incorporate the Southern Express
Company, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 710) to regulate the taking of testi-
mony in the courts of the United States, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mi\ CONKLING-. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
II. No. 2201) to amend the naturalization laws
and to punish crimes against the same, have
directed me to report it back with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute. In making
this report I wish to say to the Senate that at
a very early hour, some day not far in next,
week, 1 shall ask the Senate, in the hope that
they will acquiesce in my request, to take up
this bill, and to continue its consideration until
it is determined one way or the other.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on ,
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the j
petition of Marcus Otterburg, praying compen-
sation for services rendered as charge d'affaires
to the republic of Mexico, and also as minis-
ter plenipotentiary, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 994) for the relief of
Marcus Otterburg, late consul of the United
States at the city of Mexico and minister to
the republic of Mexico.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, communicat-
ing a copy of an opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral relative to the eviction by State courts of
certain purchasers of lands sold for taxes in
the late insurrectionary States, reported a bill
(S. No. 995) for tlie relief of purchasers of
lands sold for direct taxes in the insurrection-
ary States; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
COMPENSATION OF JUHOl'.S.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 93G) to provide for the compensation
of grand and petit jurors in the circuit and
district courts of the United States, and for
other purposes, have had it under considera-
tion, and have directed me to report it back
with amendments. I desire to state that the
Judiciary Committee have heretofore reported
a bill to the Senate which accomplishes sub-
stantially tlie same thing that will be accom-
plished by this bill; and I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Oregon to allow this bill to be acted
upon now. I suppose it will lead to no debate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I must insist on my bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This will take no time,
and it is a House bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. There will be no debate
about it, and it is important that it should pass.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But I do not wish to have
the whole morning hour consumed by other
bills being interposed.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider the bill just reported by
him.
There being no objection, the Senate, as ill
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that hereafter the
grand and petit jurors in the several circuit
and district courts of the United States shall
each receive for his services the sum of three
dollars per day for each day's actual attendance
at court, and for the time necessarily occupied
in going to and returning from the same; and
the sum of five cents per mile for the distance
necessarily traveled from their residence in
going to and returning from the court by the
shortest practicable route. The second section
provides that no person shall be summoned as
a j uror in any circuit or district court more than
once in two years, and it is to be sufficient cause
of peremptory challenge to any juror called to
be sworn in any cause that lie has been sum-
moned and attended the court as a juror at any
term of the court held within two years prior
to the time of such challenge.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section two,
lines three and four, to strike out the word
" peremptory."
The amendment was agreed to. •
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing as an additional section :
Awl be it further enacted. That the act of Congress
approved March 3,1849, entitled "An act concerning
the selection of jurors in certain courts of the United
Stales," and the actof Congress approved March 19,
1842, entitled "An act supplementary to an act en-
titled 'An act to amend the act approved May 13,
1800, entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
.act to establish the judicial courts of the United
States,'" be, and tho same are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed, and the bill read the third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
bilis introduced.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 097) for the relief of Michael Feutenhime ;
winch was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mi-. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
998) granting lands to aid in tho construc-
tion of the St. James and Little Rock railroad :
which was road twice by its title, referred to
the Committee oti Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 999) to provide for tlie improvement of
the bar at the mouth of the Appalachicola river,
Florida; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
atciiisox, topeka, and santa fb railroad.
Mr. WILLIxVMS. I now ask the Senate to
proceed with the bill that was taken up on my
motion a short time ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 539) granting to the Atchison, Topeka,
and Santa F6 Railroad Company a continua-
tion of its franchise and right of way through
the Territories of the United States is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the question being on the amendment
reported by tho Committee on Public Lands,
which amendment has once been read.
Mr. NYE. I should like to have it reported
again.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to that substitute if it be iu order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in
order.
Mr. HOWARD. At the end of the amend-
ment of the committee 1 move to insert the
following proviso:
Provided, That tho provisions of this act shall in
no way interfere or infringe upon the rights of the
Atlantic and Pacific Itailioad Company.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask—I have
not a copy of the bill before me—whether this
bill contains the clause which has been adopted
upon several similar bills, confining the sale of
the lands to actual settlers?
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no such provis-
ion in this bill, I will inform the Senator. This
is an extension of a grant which was made in
1863. All that time the grant contemplated
the extension of the road to Santa F6, and it
is entitled the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe
road ; but the grant at that time was not made
through the whole route of tlie road. This bill
simply extends the route to Albuquerque, New
Mexico, without changing the conditions or
limitations of the route.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand this is a
grant that was not made by the original act.
For how many miles was the original grant?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose it was two or
three hundred miles.
Mr. THURMAN. A good deal more than
that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am advised it is about
three hundred miles.
Mr. THURMAN. Why should not the pro-
visions be put on this bill that have been put
on others ? If we give them this additional
land, why should not that be a sufficient con-
sideration for making provision in regard to all
the lands ? I hope that the amendment to
which I have referred will be made.
Mr. MORTON. We cannot hear the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that the amend-
ment that we put on the Dakota bill and on the
Nebraska bill, and several others, the amend-
ment proposed originally by the Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] and afterward of-
fered by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Howell,]
and put on all those bills, will be put on this.
It is the amendment which provides that the
lands shall be sold to actual settlers at an
average price not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
Let us have at least that little provision iu favor
of actual settlers. I should like to go a great
deal further than that; but if we cannot get any
further, let us have the provision which has
three or four times met the approbation of the
Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer the amend-
ment of which the Senator from Ohio has just
spoken. «
Mr. HARLAN. Is there any amendment
now pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is preparing an amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will accept that amend-
ment. Let me ask, is it the usual amend-
ment ?
Mr. CASSERLY. The usual amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to submit an amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section, which
I think will effect the same purpose, and which
is much shorter. If tho honorable Senator from
California will permit me, I will ask to have it
read by the Clerk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read for the information of the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Iowa permit me to offer my amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. Let this be read, and I
think the honorable Senator will accept it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I liave no doubt of that;
but this one of mine comes first in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California is in order;
but the Senator from Iowa submits one which
he suggests for the adoption of the Senator
from California himself, and asks that it be
road.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That all lands granted
by this act shall be at all times subject to sale to
actual settlers, being heads of families or single
persons over twenty-one years of age, and citizens
01 theUnitcd States, or having declared their inten-
tion to become such under the naturalization laws
of tho United States, not exceeding one quarter sec-
tion, or one hundred and sixty acres, to any one per-
son, at a price not exceeding on tho average 50
per acre, under such rules and regulations as tile
Secretary of the Interior may prescribe.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That answers the same
purpose.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know but that
it does; but at the same time the amendment
I have just offered is the same one which has
