1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<723
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
thousand five hundred dollars; gate-keeper and
detective, one thousand dollars; and for mes-
senger for commandant's office, six hundred
dollars; in all, fourteen thousand one hundred
and thirty-nine dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, New York City.
For civil engineer, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars; for draughtsman and clerk to
civil engineer, at one thousand four hundred
dollars each; for receiver and inspector of
stores, one thousand five hundred dollars; for
clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, one
thousand five hundred dollars; for clerk to
commandant, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars; for chief accountant, one thousand eight
hundred dollars; gate-keeper and detective,
one thousand dollars; and for messenger for
commandant's office, six hundred dollars; in
all, thirteen thousand two hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard,Philadelphia,Pennsylvania.
For civil engineer, two thousand dollars; for
draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer, one
thousand four hundred dollars each ; for clerk
of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, one thousand
five hundred dollars ; for receiverand inspector
of stores, one thousand five hundred dollars;
for clerk to commandant, one thousand five
hundred dollars; for chief accountant, one
thousand eight hundred dollars; gate-keeper
and detective, one thousand dollars; and for
messenger to the commandant's office, six
hundred dollars; in all,twelve thousand seven
hundred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Washington, District of
Columbia.
For civil engineer, two thousand dollars; for
draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer, at one
thousand four hundred dollars each; for re-
ceiver and inspector of stores, one thousand
five hundred dollars; for clerk of pay-rolls and
mustering clerk, one thousand five hundred
dollars; for clerk to commandant, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars; for chief account-
ant, one thousand eight, hundred dollars; gate-
keeper and detective, one thousand dollars;
and for messenger for commandant's office,
six hundred dollars; in all, twelve thousand
seven hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Norfolk, Virginia.
For civil engineer, two thousand dollars;
for draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each;
for receiver and inspector of stores, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars; for clerk of pay-
rolls and mustering clerk, one thousand five
hundred dollars; for clerk to commandant,
one thou sand five hundred dollars; gate-keeper
and detective, one thousand dollars; and for
messenger for commandant's office, six hun-
dred dollars; in all, ten thousand i>ine hun-
dred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Pensacola, Florida.
For superintendent of yard improvements,
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight
dollars; for receiver and iiippector of stores,
one thousand five hundred dollars; gate-keeper
and detectivc, one thousand dollars; for mes-
senger for the office of the commandant, six
hundred dollars; in all, four thousand nine
hundred and seventy-eight dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Mare Island, California.
For civil engineer, three thousand dollars;
for assistant civil engineer and draughtsman,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; for re
ceiver and inspector of stores, one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars; for
clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, one
thousand eight hundred and seventy-five dol-
lars; for clerk to commandant, one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars; for
chief accountant, one thousand eight hundred
and seventy-five dollars; gate-keeper and de-
tective, one thousand dollars; and for messen-
ger for commandant's office, seven hundred
and fifty dollars; in all, thirteen thousaud eight
hundred and seventy-five dollars.
At the Naval Asylum.
For secretary to the governor, one thousand
dollars; for steward, seven hundred and fifty
dollars; for matron, three hundred dollars;
for six washers, at one hundred and twenty
dollars each; forcook,one hundred and sixty-
eight dollars; first assistant cook, one hundred
and twenty dollars; second assistant cook,
ninety-six dollars; six laundresses, at one
hundred and twenty dollars each ; eight scrub-
bers and house-cleaners, at ninety-six dollars
cach; four laborers, at two hundred and forty
dollars each; master-at-arms, three hundred
dollars; and for ship's corporal, two hundred
and forty dollars; in all, six thousand one
hundred and forty-two dollars.
For contingent expenses of Bureau of Y ards
and Docks, viz:
For freight and transportation of materials
and stores ; printing, stationery, and advertis-
ing ; books; models, maps, and drawings;
purchase and repair of fire-engines ; machin-
ery and patent rights to use the same ; repairs
on steam-engines and attendance on same;
purchase and maintenance of oxen and horses,
and driving teams, carts, and timber; wheels
for navy-yard purposes, and tools and repairs
of same ; postage on letters on public service,
and telegrams; furniture for Government
houses and offices in navy-yards ; coal and
other fuel; candles, oils, and gas ; cleaning
and clearing up yard, and care of buildings;
attendance on fires ; lights; fire-engines and
apparatus ; incidental labor at navy-yards ;
water tax ; and for toll and ferriages ; pay of
the watchmen in the yards ; and for flags, awn-
ings, and packing-boxes, eight hundred thou-
sand dollars.
BUREAU OF EQUIPMENT AXD KECltCITlXG.
For Equipment of Vessels.
For coal for steamers' use, including ex-
penses of transportation, storage, labor; hemp
and other materials for the manufacture of
rope; wire-rope, hides, cordage, canvas,
leather, iron, cables, anchors, furniture, gal-
leys, and hose ; and for the payment of labor
in equipping vessels, and manufacture of arti-
cles in the navy-yards pertaining to thisbureau,
one million five hundred thousaud dollars.
Civil Establishment at the Navy- Yard, Kitlery.
For clerks in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars ; for store clerk, one
thousand one hundred and forty dollars ; and
for time clerk, nine hundred dollars; in all,
three thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Boston.
For superintendent of ropewalk, one thou-
sand nine hundred dollars ; clerk to same, one
thousand two hundred dollars ; clerk in equip-
ment office, one thousand five hundred dollars;
for two store and time clerks, at one thousand
two hundred dollars each ; in all, seven thou-
sand dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Philadelphia.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for one store and one
time clerk, at one thousand two hundred dol-
lars each ; in all, three thousand eight hundred
dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Washington.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
five hundred dollars; and for one store and
one time clerk, one atone thousand four hun-
dred dollars, one at one thousand two hundred
dollars ; in all, four thousand one hundred
dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Brooklyn, New York.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
five hundred dollars ; and for one store and
one time clerk, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each ; in all, three thousand nine hun-
dred dollars.
At the Navy-Yard, Norfolk.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for store elerk, one
thousand one hundred and forty dollars ; and
for time clerk, nine hundred dollars ; in all.
three thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Pensacola.
For equipment office clerk, one thousand
three hundred dollars, and for the store clerk,
one thousand two hundred dollars; in all, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
At the Navy- Yard, Mare Island.
For'clerk in equipment office, one thousand
five hundred dollars ; for store clerk, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars ; and fortime clerk,
one thousand two hundred dollars ; in all, four
thousand one hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of Bureau of
Equipment and liecruiting, viz:
For freight and transportation of stores,
transportation of enlisted men, mileage to
honorably discharged men, printing, postage,
advertising, telegraphing, stationery, appre-
hension of deserters, assistance to vessels in
distress, one hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars.
TUF.EAU OF NAVIGATION.
For foreign and local pilotage and towage of
ships of war, fifty thousand dollars.
For services and materials in correcting com-
passes on board ship, and for adjusting and
testing compasses on shore, three thousand
dollars.
For nautical and astronomical instruments,
nautical books, maps, and charts, and sailing
directions, and repairs of nautical inotrumeti t
for ships of war, ten thousand dollars.
For books for libraries for ships of war,
three thousand dollars.
For Navy signals and apparatus, namely,
signal-lights, lanterns, and rockets, including
running lights, drawings, and engravings for
signal books, six thousand dollars.
For compass fittings, including binnacles,
pedestals, tripods, and other appendages of
ships' compasses, to be made in the yards, five
thousand dollars.
For logs and other appliances for measuring
the ship's way, leads, and other appliancesfor
sounding, three thousand dollars.
For lanterns and lamps, and their append-
ages for general use on board ship, including
those for the cabin, ward-room, and steerage,
for the holds and spirit-room, for decks and
quartermasters' use, six thousand dollars.
For bunting and other materials for flags,
and making and repairing flags of all kinds,
three thousaud dollars.
For oil for ships of war other than that used
for the engineer department, candles, when
used as a substitute for oil in running lights,
for chimneys and wick and soap used in navi-
gation department, forty thousand dollars.
For stationery for commanders and navi-
gators of vessels of war, five thousand dollars.
For musical instruments, and music for ves-
sels of war, one thousand dollars.
For preparing and publishing maps, chart',
nautical books, and other hydrographic inform-
ation, twenty thousand dollars.
For steering signals and indicators, and fo
speaking-tubes and gongs, for signal communi-
cation on board ships of war, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For expenses of Nautical Almanac :
For pay of computers and clerk for com-
piling the Nautical Almanac, eighteen thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
