1870.
THE CONGK1SS10N AL GLOBE.
m
JOHN B0EHM.
On motion of Mr. FINKELNBURG, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal of the papers relating to the claim
of John Boehm, of Booneville, Missouri, from
the_ Committee of Claims, to be returned to the
claimant.
decisions op court os claims.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 801) to provide for
the preparation and printing of reports of cases
decided in the Court of Claims; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
public buildings, kansas city.
Mr. VAN HORN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, requested to take into consideration
tta erection of a suitable building for the accommo-
dation of the post office, United State3 courts, inter-
nal revenue and other offices of the Government at
Kansas City, State of Missouri, and to report to this
House his views in regard to the matter, together with
an estimate of the cost of the building.
mrs. charlotte crane.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 802) granting a pension
to Mrs. Charlotte Crane, widow of the late Col-
onel J. B. Crane; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
heirs of samuel p. todd.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 110)
for the relief of the heirs of Samuel P. Todd ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
cherokee and choctaw indians.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be printed :
Whereas the Cherokee and Choctaw Indians are a
civilized people, following agricultural and manu-
facturing pursuits, governed by written laws, and
evincing other characteristics of capacity for self-
government; and whereas in their tribal relations
they hold their lands in common and not by individ-
uals in fee simple, which circumstance leaves their
land at any time subject to be disposed of by treaty,
rendering uncertain their permanence, prosperity,
and perpetuity; and whereas it is desirable to give
to these people a government republican in form, to
secure them individually in their right to lands, and
to incorporate them with the citizens of the United
States under a territorial form of government, thereby
securing to them full protection as ci tizens of the Uni-
ted States, and securing to them a more rapid devel-
opment of their civilization and country: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on the Territo-
ries is hereby instructed to inquiro into the expe-
diency of establishing a territorial government over
the civilized Indians inhabiting that portion of the
country known as the Indian territory, and so denom-
inated upon the map of the United States.
SOLOMON JONES.
Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 803) granting a pen-
sion to Solomon Jones, a soldier of the war of
1812; which was read a first and second time,
and, with the accompanying papers, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812.
economy in public expenditures.
Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That
while the United States are owing a debt of over
82,'100,000,000, and the people are heavily burdened
by a taxation that increases the price of every neces-
sary of life, the most rigid economy in all public
expenditures is a matter of the first importance, and
is imperatively demanded by every friend and up-
holder of the faith pledged to the creditors of the
nation as well as by every person whoselabor, whose
clothes, and whose bread arc taxed to supply the
moneys disbursed by the General Government.
Resolved further. That a reduction of taxation to
the lowest point consistent with the maintenance of
the public credit, and with such a condition of the
Treasury as will make it possible at an early day m
the future to fund the debt in whole or m part at a
reduced rate of interest, is insisted upon by every
section of the country, and should not be lost sight
of in any action which Congress may be called upon
to take.
Resolved further, That any acquisition of foreign
territory by treaty, cession, or annexation by the
United States, forwhich a consideration in money or
its equivalent in the assumption of any debtor ob-
ligation of the people of such territory :3 to bo paid,
increases at once the expenditures of the United
States and entails a prospective annual increase of
the same, and is at war with every meastfre of econ-
omy now pressed upon the attention of Congress, is a
direct assault upon the public credit, and is not
called for by ariy exigency of national affairs.
gifts to officials.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 804) to
protect officials in Government employ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that no
officer or clerk in the United States Govern-
ment employ shall at any time solicit contri-
butions of other officials or employes in the
Government service for a gift or present to
those in a superior official position ; nor shall
any such officials or clerical superiors receive
any gift or present offered or presented to
them as the contributions of those in Govern-
ment employ receiving a less salary than them-
selves ; nor shall any officer or clerk make any
donation as a gilt or present to any official
superior.
The bill also declares that any officer or
clerk violating any of the provisions of the
bill shall be summarily discharged from the
Government employ, and shall not be eligible
to any official position under said Government
for the term of three years.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mi-. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 3, nays 167, not voting
40 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Boles,andGolladay—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Bailey, Banks,
Barnum, Beatfcy, Beck, Bennett, Benton, Biggs,
Bird, Blair, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Burr,
Roderick R. Butler,Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Cowlos, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Dewecse, Dickey. Dickinson, Dixon, Dock-
ery, Donley, Dox,Duval,Dyer, Ela.Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Ferris?, Finkclnburg, Fisher, Fox, Garfield,
Getz, Gilfillan, Greene, Griswold, Ilaight, Ilamble-
ton, Hamill, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
Heaton, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, llolman, Hooper,
Ingersoll, Jcnckes, Judd. Kelley, Kellogg, ICelsey,
Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott, Laflin, lash, Law-
rence, Logan, Lougbridge, Marshall, Ma-yham, May-
nard, McCarthy, MeCormick, Meurary, McNeely,
Mcrcur, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser,
Randall, Heading, Reeves, Itiee, Rogers, Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck. Schumakcr, Scoiicld,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sbelcftn.SIocum,
John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington O.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Strong,
Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Voorhees, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wells,
Wheeler, Whittemore, Willard. Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
Witcher, Wood, and Woodward—167.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler,
Ames, Armstrong, Arnell, Axtell, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Bowen, Benjamin F. Butler, Clarke, Ferry,
Fitch, Haldeman, Hale, Hays, Hoag, Hotchkiss,
Johnson. Alexander H. .Tones, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Lynch, McGrew, Eliakim H. Moore, Mor-
gan, Morrissey, Niblack, Roots, Sherrod, William J.
Smith, Stiles, Strickland, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Ward, Welker, and Wilkinson—40.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. BECK. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Kentucky that the bill is
not in a stage to be amended. It has been
read the third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to suggest to the
House that the bill as it stands is of doubtful
constitutionality; and I state to the House that
it does expressly provide a penalty to continue
for three years without' a conviction by any
tribunal of justice whatever;- and therefore
I move that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 61, noes 49.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and hays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to asl a parlia-
mentary question. If the motion to refer to
the Judiciary Committee shall be voted down
will it not be competent for the House to go
into Committee of the Whole under instruc-
tions to strike out the last clause, which makes
men ineligible to office for three years, and
which is the objection the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] makes to the passage of the
bill?
The SPEAKER. It will not; it will only
be competent to amend the bill by reconsider-
ing the vote whereby the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time. That stage
has been passed, and it is impossible for the
House to amend the bill without reconsidering
that vote.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I give notice that
if the motion of the gentleman from Ohio shall
be voted down I will move to reconsider that
vote.
The question was taken on Mr. Bingham's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 52, nays 102, not voting 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Bingham, Boles, Buck, Buckley, Cake. Church-
ill, Cook, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Dockery,
Duval. Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkcln-
burg, Fisher, Garfield, Goliad®'; Hamilton, Hawley,
Heflin, Hill, Jenekes.lCelley.ICellogg,Logan,Lough-
ridge, McCarthy, MeCormick, McGrew, Mercur,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Prosser, Rogers, Sanford, John A, Smith,
Stevenson, Stokes, Taffe, Tanner, Twicbol), Upson,
Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn. William B.
Washburn. Welker. Wilkinson, and Winans—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Bailey, Barnum,
Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Buffinton, Burehard, Burdett,
Burr, Roderick R. Butler. Calkin, Cessna, Clarke,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger,
Cowlcs, Cox, Crebs, Deweesc, Dickey, Dickinson,
Donley, Dox, Ela, Eldridge, Fox, Get'/. Greene, Gris-
wold, Ilaight, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hay,
Hoar, Hoge, Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd,
Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Laflin, Lash, La,wrenee, Mar-
shall, Mayhara, Maynard, McCrary, McNeely, Jesse
II. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Myers, Nib-
lack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Potter,
Randall. Rice, Roots, Sargent, Scofield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Wil-
liam J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Swann, Sweeney,
Townsend, Trimble, Tyner, Van Auken, Voorhees,
Ward, Wells, Wheeler, Willard, Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, Witcher. and Wood~102.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Armstrong. Arnell, Asper, Axtell, Bennett, Eowen,
Benjamin F. Butler. Coburn, Fitch, Gilfillan, Halde-
man, Hale, Hays, Heaton, Hoag, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Ketcham, Knapp, Lynen, Eliakim H. Moore, Mor-
gan, Morrissey, Nog ley, Palmer, Pomeroy, Read-
ing, Reeves, Sawyer, Schenck, Schumaker, Porter
Sheldon, Snorrod, Worthington C. Smith. Stiles,
Strickland, Strong. Tillman, Van Trump, Whitte-
more, John T. Wilson. Winchester, and Wood-
ward—5G.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, with a view of moving to amend the bill
by striking out the penalty of not being eligible
to office for three years.
The question was put on the motion to
reconsider ; and it was agreed to—ayes 89,
noes 28.
The question recurred on ordering the hill
to be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move to
amend the bill by striking out the words " and
shall not be eligible to any officialposition under
said Government for a term of three years
and I move the previous question on the amend-
ment and bill.
The previous question was seconded and thf;
main question ordered.
