1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5513
state the question. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill granting a pension to
Mrs. Lincoln, pending which the Senator from
New York moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at nineteen
minutes past twelve o'clock a. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 13, 1870.
TheHousemetateleveno'clocka.m. Prayet
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
patrick woods.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leave to offer a res-
olution, to allow Patrick Woods, now impris-
oned by order of the House for a breach of its
privileges, to be taken to Richmond to give
evidence in the case of one John Gurhiser, now
on trial for his life.
The Clerk read ?.s follows :
liesohed. That the Sergeant-at-Arms, or his assist-
ant, John W. Le Barnes, be ordered to take Patrick
"Woods, now held in imprisonment in the jail of the
District of Columbia, by order of the House, for a
broach of the privileges thereof, to Richmond, Vir-
ginia, there to tebtify in the court of hustings as a
witness in the ease of the Commonwealth of Virginia
against John Gurhiser, on the 20th day of July cur-
rent, and that the Sergeant-at-Arms, orliis assistant,
John W. Le Barnes, shall continue to keep said
Woods in his «ustody, and shall immediately return
said Woods to imprisonment in the jail of the District
of Columbia after he shall have so testified.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
a. e, reynolds.
Mr. McKEE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to report, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (S,
No. 1034) to relieve A. E. Reynolds from civil
and political disabilities.
The bill was read. It declares (two thirds
of each House concurring therein) that all
civil and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States be, and the same are hereby,
removed from A. E. Reynolds, of Corinth, in
the State of Mississippi.
Mr. ARNELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to amend the bill by adding a name to it?
Mr. McKEE. I do not yield for an amend-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Better make
it an omnibus bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that this
gentleman has been appointed chancellor of
the State of Mississippi. He cannot qualify
unless his disabilities are removed. The bill
has passed the Senate, and there ought to be
no objection to its passing the House.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. McKEE. Then 1 move to suspend the
rules and pass the bill.
The question being put, the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed.
Mr. McKEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. PAINE. I demand the regular order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to introduce a
'oil! to create an additional land district in the
State of California. ' It has been sent here by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
with the request that it be put on its pas-
snge.
Mr. PAINE. I must insist on the regular
order.
TREATMENT OF CADETS AT WEST POINT,
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the Chair cannot do otherwise than
enforce it. At the adjournment of the House
last night the motion pending was that of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
that the rules be suspended and a resolution
be adopted in regard to the treatment of cadets
at West Point. A motion to adjourn was rpade,
and pending that motion the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] moved that when
the House adjourned it be to meet on Satuf
day. The-Chair did not recognize the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania for the purpose of
making that motion, and for failing to do so
was called to account by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison.] The Chair directs the
following rule to be read, and calls the atten-
tion of members thereto.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Pending amotion tosuspem} the rules the Speaker
may entertain one motion that the House (Jo now
adjourn; but after the result thereon is announced
he shall not entertain any other dilatory motion
till the vote is taken on suspension."
The SPEAKER. It is evident that under
that rule it was not in the power of the Chair
to entertain the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. At the same time, the Chair
did not understand anyunkindness to be meant
on the part of the gentleman from Iowa in call-
ing attention to the fact that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was not recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdrew the motion.
The SPEAKER. Yes; the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdrew it, when he saw that it
was out of order, and that it was not in the
power of the Chair, pending the motion to sus-
pend the rules, to entertain any motion except
one to adjourn. The motion to suspend the
rules now recurs, and one motion to adjourn
would be in order. The question is, will the
House suspend the rules that the resolution
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] may be passed. The resolution will
be again reported.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas an apparently truthful letter of complaint
has appeared in the public prints that systematic
abuse and ill-treatment have been given to a cadet
at West Point, solely because of his race and color,
so that ho cannot in quiet and safety pursue his
studies at the national school, in which ho has beon
appointed a pupil by the President: Therefore,
liesolved, That the Visitors appointed by tho House
to West Point be, and hereby are, authorized, as a
committee of this House, to investigate said charges
and complaint, and any others that may seem to
them proper, against the manner ot conducting the
Military Academy at W est Point, with power to sum-
mon and examine witnesses, and to employ a ste-
nographer and clerk, the expense of which investiga-
tion shall bo paid from the contingent fund of the
llousc; said committee to report by bill or other-
wise at any time during the next session.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. 1 rise to a point of
order. I understand that these Visitors are
appointed in pursuance of an act of Congress,
and are therefore officers of the Government
in pursuance of law. Is it competent for this
House, without the concurrence of the Senate,
to charge officers thus appointed in pursuance
of an act of Congress with any such duty
as is here proposed, to give them clerks and
stenographers, and to require them to perform
other duties than those for which they were
appointed?
The SPEAKER. That is a point to be
addressed to the discretion of the House. It
is not a parliamentary point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This res-
olution proposes to charge with the duty in
question the three Visitors appointed by this
House, not the whole Board of Visitors.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the House
will not suspend the rules unless the resolution
be modified by striking out the provision for
the employment of a clerkand a stenographer.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 move that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
eniertained pending a motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. WQ0DWARD. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
• The SPEAKER. No motion for reference
is in order pending the motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
modify my resolution, striking out the provision
for the employment of a, stenographer and a
(jlerk.
The question was taken on the motion to
Suspend the rules and adopt the resolution as
modified.
The SPEAKER- In the judgment of the
Chair two thirds have not voted in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 108, nays 52, not voting 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood. Beatty,Benjamin, Bennett,Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Boyd, GeorgeM. Brooks,Buck, Buck-
ley, BuOioton, Bui'dett.Benjamin i\Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb.Coburn, Conger, Covode, Cowles, Cullom, Dar-
rall, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval,
Ela, Ferriss, Perry. Finltelnburg, Fisher, i1'itch,
Hamilton, Harris, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley. Kellogg, Kelsey,
Knapp,Lash, Lawrence,Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
.Mavnard, McCarthy, MeCrary, MeGrew, McICee,
Mclienzie, Eliakim II. Moore, William Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Paine, Palmor, Peck, Peters, Piatt. Pome-
roy, Porter, Sargent, Sawyer. Scofield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldpn, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevenson. Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner,
Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Twiehell.Tyner, Upson,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whitmore,
Wiilard, and Williams—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnum,
Beck, Bird, Booker, James Brooks, Burr. Calkin,
Conner, Cox, Crobs, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Gtriswold,
Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins,
Johnson, Kerr, ICetcham, Knott, Lallin, Marshall,
Mayham, McOormiek, McNeoly, Morgan, Mungen,
Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Sehu-
maker, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Swann, Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Auken.Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Ayer, Bailey,
Banks, .Barry, Bearnan, Benton, Biggs, Bowen,
Burcharfl^iRoderick it. Butler, Cake, Cleveland,
Clinton Ii. Cobb. Cook, Degener, Dickinson, Dock-
ery, Dox, Dyer, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gibson, Gil-
tillan, Hale, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hetlin, Hogef
Ifolraan, llotchkiss, Alexander H, Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Lewis, Mercur, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrisscy, Negley, Newsham,
Paoker, Perce, Phelps, Poland, Prossor, Bice, ltidg-
way, Roofs, Sanford, Schenek, Shober, -SSomim,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Stra-
der, Strong, Taffe. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallace,
Ward, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Wilkinson, John T.
Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—70.
So (two third? voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
adopted,
jj1cssage prom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill (H. 11. No. 936) to pro-
vide for the compensation of grand a,nd petit
jurors in the circuit and district courts of the
United States, and'for other purposes.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 2082)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 80,1871, asked
a conference with the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, and had appointed as
conferees on the part of the Senate Mr, Wil-
son, Mr. Cameron, and Mr. Warner.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 2165) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment, for the year ending June 30,1871, and for
other purposes, •
election op representatives.
Mr, PAINE. I move to suspend the rules
