5514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
for the purpose of going to the Speaker's table
to take up the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 1705) to fix the time for
the election of Representatives and Delegates
in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
include in his motion the Army appropriation
bill.
Mr. PAINE. I will do so.
Mr. DAWES. Then I call for a division of
the question.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, if I include the
Army appropriation hill in my motion, will the
motion be divisible upon the demand of any
member?
Mr. DAWES. I will inquire whether the
Army appropriation bill is on the Speaker's
table?
Mr. JUDD. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry. Yesterday, pending the motion to go
to the Speaker's table, the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
just adopted by the House intervened under
a suspension of the rules. I would ask the
Speaker if my motion to go to the business on
the Speaker's table fell with the adjournment
on yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. Of course the motion to
go to the business on the Speaker's table fell
with the adjournment.
Mr. PAINE. I will simply move to suspend
the rules to take from the Speaker's table the
bill (H. R. No. 1705) to fix the time for the
election of Representatives and Delegates in
the Congress of the United States, with the
Senate amendments thereto.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the original House bill together with the Sen-
ate amendments.
Mr. DAVIS. Is that the apportionment bill?
Mr. PAINE. It includes the apportionment
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand the motion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin to include concurrence in the Sen-
ate amendments, but merely to take up the
bill and amendments for consideration.
Mr. PAINE. The Chair underOTrads my
motion; and I will say now, if they be taken
up I will move to non-concur in the'Senate
amendments and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. NIBLACIC. I object unconditionally
to taking up the bill and amendments.
Mr. PAINE. I have moved to suspend the*
rules.
The first section of the original bill, which
was read, provides that the Tuesday next after
the first Monday in November, in the year 1872,
is hereby fixed and established as the day, in
each of the States and Territories of theUriited
States, for the election of Representatives and
Delegates to the Forty-Third Congress; and
the Tuesday next after the first Monday in No-
vember, in every second year thereafter, is
hereby fixed and established as the day for the
election, in each of said States and Territories,
of Representatives and Delegates to the Con-
gress commencing on the 4th day of March
next thereafter. The second section provides
that if, upon trial, there shall be a failure to
elect a Representative or Delegate in Congress
in any State, district, or Territory upon the
day hereby fixed and established for such elec-
tion, or if, after any such election, a vacancy
shall occur in any such State, district, or Ter-
ritory, from death, resignation, or otherwise,
an election shall be held to fill any vacancy
caused by such failure, resignation, death, or
otherwise, at such time and in such manner as
is or may be provided by law for filling vacan-
cies in the State or Territory in which the.same
may occur.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
Add the following as additional sections:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted. That from and
after the 3d day of March,1871. the House of "Repre-
sentatives shall be composed of three hundred mem-
bers, to be apportioned anions the several States in
accordance with the provisions of this act: Provided,
That if, after such apportionment shall have been
made, any new State shall be admitted into the
Union, the Representative or ^Representatives of
such new State shall be additional to the number of
three hundred herein limited; and if the representa-
tion of any State shall be increased or diminished by
such apportionment, any additional Representative
or Representatives of such State so increased, and all
the Representatives of any State so diminished in
the Forty-Second Congress shall be chosen by the
State at large.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That immediately
after the next enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States shall have been completed according
to law, and before the 20th day of September, 1870,
the Superintendent of the Census shall prepare and
submit to theSecretary of the Interior a preliminary
report of the results of such enumeration, embracing
such statistics as shall bo necessary to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to perform the duties m
this act prescribed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That after the
preliminary report provided for in th o foregoing see-
tion shaU have been submiKed to the Secretary of
the Interior, he shall ascertain from such prelim-
inary report the basis of representation of each
State, and the aggregate basis of representation of
the United States; and heshall ascertain tho basis of
representation of the several congressional distiicts
by dividing the aggregate basis of representation of
the United States by tho number threo hundred,
rejecting any fraction of a unit which may remain;
a.nd ho shall ascertain the number of Representa-
tives to bo apportioned to each State by dividing tho
basis of representation of such State by tho basis of
representation of the several congressional districts,
rejecting any fraction of a unit which may remain;
and ho shall apportion so many additional Repre-
sentatives to the States having the largest rejected
fractions, one to cach, as shall make the whole num-
ber of Representatives three hundred; and every
State having a fraction exceeding one half of the
number required for a. Representative shall have one
Representative added to its representation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That tho Secre-
tary of the Interiorshall, on tho reeoiptof such pre-
liminary report, immediately prepare and transmit,
under the seal of his office, to the Speaker ol' Hie
House of Representatives, and to the Governor of
each of tho States, a. certified statement of his pro-
ceedings under the provisions of this act.
Sec.7. Andbetlfurther enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts in conflict with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed.
_ Amend the title so as to read: "An act to fix the
time for the election, and provide for the apportion-
ment of Representatives and Delegates in tho Con-
gress of the United States."
Mr. PAINE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 95, nays 97, not voting
38; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Asper,
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Ben-
jamin, Bingham, Boles, Booker, Boyd, Buck, Buck-
ley, Burehard, Burdett, Burr, Roderick R. But-
ler, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, AmasaCobb,
Coburn, Conger, Connor, Cook, Crebs, Cullom, Dar-
rall., Degcner, Dickinson,Duval, Farnsworth, Foriy,
Finkelnburg. Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Ilawley,
Hay, Hays, lleflin, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd, Julian,
Knott, Logan, Louglmdgc, Marshall, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, McKee, McKenaie, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse
II. Moore, Morphis, Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Plntt, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rice,
Rogers, Roots, Sawyer, Sehenck, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tillman, T im-
ble.Tyner, Upson, Van Horn. Welker, Wells, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Williams, Kugcnc M. Wilson, and
Win ch ester—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Armstrong, Arncll,
Bailey, Barnum, Bennett, Benton. Bud, Geoigo M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Baffin ton, Benjamin P. But-
ler, Cake,Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland. Cowlos, Cox,
Davis, Dawes, Dickey,Dixon,Donley, Ela,lildridgc,
Ferriss, Fisher, Fox, Getz, UilliUan, G-riswold,
Haight, Ilaldeman, Hamblcton.Hamill, Hill, lioar,
Holnism, Hooper, Jcnckes, ICeltoy, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, LaHin, Lash, Lawrence,
Lynch. Mayliam, McCarthy, McCormick, Mercur,
William Moore, Morgan. Daniel J. Morrell, Mun-
gen, Myers, Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Packer,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Sanfoid,
Schumaker. Seofiold, Porter Sheldon, Slocum. John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthnigton C. Smith,
Starkweather,Stevens, Stiles. Stone, Strong, Swaun,
Tanner, Taylor, Tcnvnsend, Twichell. Van Auken,
Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voorliecs. Ward, William
B.Washburn, Wheeler, Willard, Wood, and Wood-
ward—97.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks. Beainan. Biggs,
Blair, Bowen, Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb, Covoile,
Doekery, Dox, Dyer, Pitch, Garfield, Gibson, Hale,
Hoge, 1-Iotchkiss, Alexander 11. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Lewis, Maynard, McNeely, Milnes, Samuel
P. Morrill, Morrissoy, Newsham, Phelps, Ridgway,
Sargent, Shober, William Smyth, Strader, Sweeney,
Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn. John I1. Wilson,
Winans, and Witoher—38.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments we$e made:
Mr. FITCH. I am paired upon this ques-
tion with Mr. Mobkii.l, of Maine. If he had
been here he would have voted "no," and I
would have voted " ay."
Mr. COVODE. I am paired on this ques-
tion with Mr. Dyer, of Missouri.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to state
that Mr. Dyer is paired on this question with
Mr. Coyode, and that if present he would vote
"ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the bill (H. R.
No. 2105) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
with the Senate amendments thereto, for the
purpose of con concurring in the amendments
of the Senate and asking a committee of con-
ffircnc©.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I jnove to suspend the rules,
so that the bill may be taken up.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes 110, noes 11.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill and the
amendments of the Senate were taken from
the Speaker's table.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that the amendments
of the Senate be read.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
require them to be read. The Committee on
Appropriations have gone overthetn informally
in advance, and they recommend a non-con-
currence in them all, and recommend a refer-
ence of the bill to a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. Unless the rules be sus-
pended the amendments will have to be read
upon the request of one gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended, so that the amendments may be
non-concurred in and referred to a committee
of conference.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 97, noes 28.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the amendments of
the Senate were non-concurred in and referred
to a committee of conference.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. Now, in behalf of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] 1 ask
that the House agree to the committee of con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Housas on the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. It. No. 2082) mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 80, 1871, and for
other purposes.
The SPEAKER. The Army bill is returned
from the Senate with a request for a confer-
ence, and the question is, " Will the House
grant the conference asked by the Senate ?"
The motion of Mr. Dawes was agreed to.
improvement op the tenxesseb uiver.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution, to which I am sure
there will be no objection on the part of any
gentleman. It is a joint resolution directing
the expenditure of an appropriation for the
improvement of the Tennessee river. I ask
that it be read.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the sum of ^$80,030, appropriated for the
improvement of the Tennessee river by the
act entitled ''Ait act making appropriations
for the tepair, preservation."an'd completion
