1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2683
shall be conclusive upon therightof all parties
claiming the right to use the thing claimed to
be patented.
The old remedy, under the law of 3 793, in
such a case was by scire facias. That lias
also been the remedy of the English law. But
it is a_ remedy at law, to be tried by a court
and a jury, and consequently a very expens-
ive remedy. It is also a harsh remedy ; for
if a decision be found against a patentee for
any cause it destroys the patent altogether;
whereas in a suit in equity the decision may
relate to only a portion of the patent, and the,
patent may then be reformed and sustained for
what is rightfully the subject of a patent. The
committee, therefore, have provided a remedy
under which the title to an invention can be
determined absolutely and finally by oue suit,
and not be liable to be tested in a hundred
different cases.
I know one case where after a defendant had
succeeded in a suit upon a patent the patentee
turned around and brought upward of a hun-
dred suits all over the United States upon that
very patent, subjecting each of the parties sued
to as much expense as the one who had defeated
him, in the hope of obtaining a reversal of the
former decision. That is an evil to be pre-
vented ; and we think we have provided a rem-
edy which will reach the case, so that the
expense of one suit shall be all that is required
lo test the validity of any patent or the right
of any party under it.
These are the amendments to the law of
patents. There are not new nor additional pro-
visions except in the case of the payment of
the fee during the term of the patent, to keep
it alive. In other respects the law stands with-
out any other change than that it is enlarged,
defined, made clear in its terms and provisions
and in its proposed execution, so that the
remedies can be pursued without mistake and
with effect.
There have been but few actions under the
provisions of the sixteenth section of the act
of 1836, or the tenth section of the act of 1839,
on account of the vagueness of the language
of those sections. The phrase is used : "the
court having cognizance of the suit." What
court? Lawyers were left to find out what the
jurisdiction was by referring to the judiciary
act of 1789, and the amendatory judiciary act
of 1839. Sometimes by accident they could
get the proper parties defendant, but not
always. Hence they did not resort to so cum-
brous and imperfect remedy. The provisions
of this bill enable them to compel the attend-
ance of theproper parties defendant; the juris-
diction, "of the court having cognizance of the
case,'1 though not enlarged, is made definite
and complete.
The committee have recommended also cer-
tain provisions which are entirely new concern-
ing trade-marks. These have not heretofore
been the subject of any national law. It is a
subject embraced within the common law juris-
diction of all the courts of the country, and also
within the general equity jurisdiction of all the
State courts. This bill does not propose to
interfere at all with the local and State juris-
dictions. A person, standing upon his com-
mon law rights, may still go into the State
courts and defend a trade-mark, exactly as he
may do now; but if he chooses to register his
claim at the Patent Office, pay his fee, and
take his certificate of registration, it will pro-
tect him throughout the United States, in the
same way as a patent for a design or a copy-
right is protected.
Concerning trade-marks, we are at present
in an anomalous condition, which perhaps is
not understood by the House generally. By
certain treaties or conventions with Belgium,
France, and Hussia, we have agreed to ^recog-
nize the validity of the trade-marks of_ those
countries upon their being registered in the
Patent Office of the United States, and to give
them the same effect throughout the United
States that they have in the country where they
originated ; and trade-marks recognized by the
law of this country have the same effect through -
out those European countries as the trade-
marks secured by the citizens or subjects of
those countries. Thus by treaties, which are a
part of the supreme law of the land, we have
secured to subjects of those three nations rights
which are not by national law secured to citi-
zens of the United States. The right, which it
is proposed to protect by registration of trade-
marks are not greater in any sense than those
which are secured to citizens of foreign coun-
tries. In fact, these provisions are substan-
tially those of the continental nations, and also
those of the trade-marks statute of Great Brit-
ain, with which country I believe wc are also
engaged in negotiations for a similar treaty.
The desirableness of these provisions I have
not heard questioned by any one. 1 will state
their effect.
A fac simile of tiie trade-mark is to be sent
to the Patent Office. The kind of business, as
well as the kind of goods, to be protected, is
to bo described briefly and correctly. A fee
of $25 is to be paid into the 'Treasury of the
United States. A certificate of such registra-
tion, with a fac simile of what is filed in the
office, is to be delivered, under the seal of the
Patent Office, to the person causing such regis-
tration. It is to be in effect for thirty years
from the date of registration, and if it be copied
by a person not having a right to it, or if it be
copied by a person in such manner that the
imitation is calculated to deceive the public,
then the party may have his remedy in any
court of tlie United Stales for the injury done
h i tn.
It does not allow any person to register a
trade-mark in the Patent Office who is not en-
titled to it at common law. It does not allow
any man to take up any other man's trade-
mark and by paying $25 claim it for himself
or his assigns. -Nor does it allow liim to imi-
tate a trade-mark so nearly as to deceive the
public. That is expressly prohibited. Nor
does it allow any person to register a trade-
mark for any substance or article injurious in
itself, or to use a trado-markon any article or in
any kind of business calculated to deceive the
public. All those things are specially pro-
hibited, and thus guarded it seems to be a safe
legislative provision.
Mr. Speaker, how many minutes remain of
the morning hour?
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman has seven
minutes remaining.
Mr. JENCKES. Now, Mr. Speaker, I will
use those seven minutes in explaining the pro-
visions of this bill in regard to copyrights.
First, let it be understood what the law is.
Under the present system a person wishing to
procure a copyright and to protect his publica-
tion must go to the office of the clerk of the
district court, for the district in which ho re-
sides, there file a copy of the title-page, get a
certificate of having filed such copy, and after
the publication of his book send a copy to the
clerk's office for transmission to the Patent
Oiiice. In course of time it is to be expected
that the clerk of the district court would trans-
mit the book to the Patent Office; but it is not
always done. It is proposed that the clerk's
office should cease to be the place of registra-
tion, and that the title-pages of books which
are to be copyrighted shall be sent at once to .
the Library of Congress, and when published
that copies of each publication shall also be
sent to the Library of Congress.
The result of the existing law has been to
place in the store-rooms of the Department of
the Interior from thirty to forty thousand vol-
umes, beyond the reach of consultation, and
which with difficulty can be found even with
tlie most diligent inquiry. Some of them, and
the greater poition, are in a room accessible
only by clambering up a narrow staircase and
over an archway—a room which has no light,
and where, if the books are to be examined,
they must be examined by candle-light. Be-
sides, they are imperfectly catalogued. Since
1850 these publications have only been taken
care of when Congress has made appropria-
tions for copyright clerks. Sometimes no such
appropriation has been made, and the conse-
quence is that the books sent to the Patent
Office during such periods have remained there
in the original packages, without having been
in the least taken care of or catalogued. It
is proposed by this bill, when we change the
place of registration to the Library of Congress,
to transfer also to the Library of Congress,
where it can be exhibited and taken care of,
all this mass of American literature now stored
away in the recessesof the Interior Department.
These books should be so arranged and cat-
alogued as to be accessible to all. There arc
many valuable works there, and no doubt a
great deal of trash ; but still all of them have
value in a historical point of view. Even the
school-books showing the progressof education
in this country will have some value to some
persons. With the transfer of these books to
the Library it will place them where they will
be convenient of access. With these books,
and those placed there hereafter for protection
of copyrights, the Library of Congress will pos-
sess properly arranged and catalogued com-
plete copies of all works published in America.
Siacc the passage of the law in 1865 it has
been required that one copy should be sent to
the Library of Congress, and the Library has
a tolerable collection of American literature
since that time; but under the provisions of
this bill two copies of each publication are to
be placed in the Library of Congress.
This is no burden upon the publisher. The
certificate of registration costs him but a dol-
lar. That and two copies of the book protect
his copyright for forty-two years. It is less
than is required by the laws of other countries.
In Great Britain five copies are required ; and
the consequence is that the British Museum
contains a complete library of all the copy-
right publications since the passage of the
law. These certifications will include all copy-
righted translations of foreign books, the trans-
lation of a foreign book not copyrighted of
course not being protected.
But the simple requisite here is this : that
all publishers who ask protection shall furnish
the Librarian of Congress with two copies of the
publication to which that protection is sought
to extend; and the publisher by so doing, and
by perfecting his registration, will have com-
plete protection for a period of forty-two years.
These are the changes in the copyright law.
'The lesult will be to give one place of regis-
tration, one certifying officer as to all acts
done under the copyright law, one place of
deposit for all books copyrighted. And it does
not increase the expense, but rather diminishes
it, as the publisher is not required to attend
at the office of the district clerk, and is not
subjected to the hazard of sending his publica-
tion to that office and to the incidents of injury
from requiring a thing to be done by three
persons which might as well be done by one.
And I will state this fact, which is import-
ant, that in making this transfer we have con-
sulted with the officers of the Department of
the Interior, and they not only assent lo the
transfer, butareglad of it. Not having a proper
or convenient place in that building for keep-
ing possession of the books and records, and
needing the space now occupied by them for
other purposes belonging to the more appro-
priate business of the Department, they will-
ingly surrender this duty to the Librarian of
Congress. In the Library of Congress there is
room for all these books, and they will be use-
ful in that place, whereas they are useless now.
They can be catalogued by skilled persons, and
will be well taken care of, and the business re-
lating to copyrights will be hereafter well and
thoroughly performed, because the person who
has charge of the Library of Congress is by
reason of his office, and from being required
to purchase books, in constant communication
