1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4571'
before Congress, extending the chartered rights of
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company.
The undersigned own valuable mines and other
property in the# Territory of New Mexico. They
remonstrate against the present bill relative to the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad, because in their belief
it will delay for an indefinite period the construction
01 a road to New Mcxico, by continuing a large land
grant to a company that has not built and cannot
build theroad. Notwithstanding this, it occupies the
line of the thirty-fifth parallel, nnd keeps all other
companies from building to New Mexico and on to
the Pacific.
By the charter of the company, approved July 27,
1866, it was authorized to build from Springfield, Mis-
souri, through the Indian territory, and a part of
Texas, to New Mexico, and thence to California. It
received aland grant of forty sections permile, which
of course did not apply through the Indian territory
nor in Texas, but did apply from Springfield to the
boundars7 line of Mi&so.uii, and also through Ne\y
Mexico and Arizona, and it was provided that the
"United States should extinguish the Indiau title.
But it was also provided, by section nine, that the
company should commence work within two years,
and should complete not less than fifty miles per year
after thesecond year; and also that the United States,
upon any broach of the conditions of the act, might
do any and all acts necessary to insure the speedy
completion of the road.
Notwithstanding this immense grant thus monop-
olized by afew individuals the company have utterly
tailed to comply with the conditions imposed. Ac-
cording to the conditions, there should be completed
more than one hundred miles west of Springfield
before July 27, 1870, but the company have now com-
peted less than fifty miles west of Springfield, and
will not complete more than fifty miles west ofSpring-
field by July 27, 1870. „ „ „ ^ .
The company having, therefore, forfeited their
chartered rights by gross neglect, there is no obli-
gation on the part of the United States to renew
them. .
But the pending bill provides for renewing them
indefinitely; that is, lor a certain time alter the
Indian title shall be extinguished.
The results of this extraordinary demand of the
company, if complied with, will be as follows:
The dozen individuals who own the franchise of
an immense land grant to the Pacific ocean, and
who have built less than fifty miles in four years,
will be continued indefinitely in possession of aland
grant with which to build a railroad through New
Mexico and Arizona, which land grant will be sep-
arated from the western end of their completed road
by about six hundred miles, and cannot be made
available until these six hundred miles of road aio
built. The greater portion of these six hundred
miles is in the Indian territory and lexas, where
the land grant cannot be made available for many
years, if ever. , _ _
Yet it is proposed to continue m the hands ot these
few individuals this immense grant through N ew
Mexico and Arizona until the almost insuperable
obstacles to building a railroad through the Indian
territory are overcome. The undersigned are con-
fident that no such legislation will pass Congress if
tully understood. „ _ . „ _ _ ,
In addition to a grant from Springfield lhvou?li
the Indian territory, the company have haa a right
to build a branch from the Canadian river back to
Fort Smith, Arkansas, which will be entirely within
the Indian territory. The mam line of the road
will be about three hundred and fifty miles m the
Indian territory, and the Fort Smith branch about
two hundred miles within that territory. In© land
grant to the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company
within that territory will, if the Indian title is ex-
tinguished, amount to about fourteen million acres.
The United States, by passing the present bill. Pledge
themselves to exting uish that title for the benefit ox
this railroad company. The lands are of the voiy
best quality, and will cost the Government from three
five dollars per acre. At this lower figure the
Government pledges itself to pay from its i reastuy
£>-12,000,000 for the benefit ot the Atlantic and raciiic
Rdilioad Company. T,..
Is the Government prepared to do this i J* upio-
at a largo expense to iv..,,. v.... -----— - .
tor the benefit of a little handful of corporators /
The remonstrants believe not.
The remonstrants believe that it needs no aigu-
rocnt to demonstrate that continuing this valuable
franchise and land grant through the Indian terri-
tory and through New Mexico and Arizona, the con-
struction of a railroad to be postponed until the
Government settles thelnaian question and.extin-
guishes the Indian title, will result in delaying the
construction of any railroad io N cw Mexico, and will
deprive that territory of railroad communication ioi
^Itfs"^perfectly feasible to build a, railroad through
Ko nsas to New Mexico,avoidin g th e Indian lei ritoi y.
The Atlantic, and Pacific railroad, completed line,
is now seven hundred miles from the Hi'
while the Kansas Pacific road is nowwithin hve Hun-
dred miles of the Rio Grande. A branch from trns
latter road to New Mexico can be construe ,eu with
out passing through Indian reservations,.and. it
thonzed by Congress, could be built with mitwopeairs
from this date. Under the present Atlantic and
Pacific railroad bill the road of that '1
not reach JSrew Mexico for five or ten years, and then
only at a cost to the United States I:reasury o
44K.OOO.OUO. which the remonstrants have not beaev eu
the United States would be willing to pay..
Wherefore, the remonstrants pray the rejection ot
the impracticable propositions of the Atlantic and
Pacific bill, and for such measures as will speedily
secure to the people of New Mexico railroad com-
munication with the States east of the Mississippi.
JOHN L. KIDWELL,
President.
ERED.W. JONES,
Secretary and Treasurer.
CRISTOBAL ARMIJO,
IIENRY SPRINGEll,
JUAN C. ARMIJO,
SANTIAGO L. HUBBELL,
AMBROSE ARMIJO,
J. BONAFAOIO CHAVES,
JOSE L. PEREA,
BENJAMIN STEVENS,
SALVADOR ARMIJO,
TOMAS C. DE BAOA,
TOMAS C. GUTIERREZ,
E. & G. HUNING,
A. & S. ZECK ENDORFF,
And three hundred others.
May 14,1870.
Mr. THURMAN. I call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that this is one of those
four railroads to which there were granted by
Congress one hundred and forty odd million
acres of land; and of all the companies this
company, I believe, has the largest donation,
even exceeding that, made to the Northern
Pacific. It will be found by the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, laid
on our table at this session, that this is the
most richly endowed company in the United
States in respect to the number of acres of
land, although I am under the impression that
the lands granted to the Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company are of a much better quality,
and therelore"more valuable than those granted
to this Atlantic and Pacific company. Thegrant
to this company, if I recollect aright—I have
not the report before me now—is about forty-
seven million acres of land. I may be mis-
taken about the precise number, but I know-
it is over forty millions, and I think it is forty-
seven millions. I think it is more than the
grant to the Northern Pacific.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I must
call for the order of the day. I am advised
that this bill will lead to discussion.
Mr. NYE. 1 hope the Senator from Maine
will not interpose.
Mr. HARLAN. I suggest, if the honorable
Senator from Maine intends to get up the reg-
ular order, that this bill as amended may be
printed, so that we may see how it will reasl.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment has yet been agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This bill will be
the order for the morning hour bn Monday.
Mr. HARLAN. Can we not take a vote on
the pending amendments and then let the bill
be printed as amended ?
Mr. DRAKE. It is printed with the amend-
ments.
Mr. HARLAN. But I want it printed as
amended. Let the vote be first taken on this
amendment, a31 understand there is no objec-
tion to the pending amendment. t
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. Then let the bill be printed
as amended and go over. .
Mr. Til URMAN. I should like to finish ray
remarks. I am not going to speak long.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me add that I propose
another amendment from the Committee on
Pacific Railroad, that is to strike out all after
the word  
Mr. THURMAN. I have not yielded the
fl°ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is entitled to the floor if he claimsit.
Mr. THURMAN. I only sat down because
I understood the Senator from Maine was call-
ing for the regular order, which I understand he
has a right to do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was my
purpose.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will reserve his remarks until the bill is printed
and comes up again.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to that,
although I should have been through by this
time if I had not been interrupted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the bill then
be printed and go over.
Mr. HOWARD. At the same time I beg to
give notice that when the bill is called up again,
1 shall make a motion to amend itby striking
out all after the word "prescribe," in the ninth
line of the second section, and to insert what
I send to the Chair; and I want this amend-
ment printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the bill with the amendments and
proposed amendments will be printed.
Mr. RICE. I presume there is no objection
to adopting the amendment I offer, and then
that can be printed as part of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to taking a vote on the amendment
which has been presented by the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. HOWARD. There can be no objection
to that.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not hear the amend-
ment.
Mr. RICE. It is simply an amendment fix-
ing the limitation of time within which the
company shall build a branch from Van Bufen,
Mr. THURMAN. Let all the amendments
be printed together, and we can look at them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 163) for the relief
of certain officers of the Navy, with an amend-
ment, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1697) to incorporate the
National Mutual Life Assurance Association
of Washington, District of Columbia ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2226) to regulate the pur-
chase of fuel for the legislative, executive, and
judicial departments, and for the military and
naval establishments of the United Slates in
the District of Columbia.
district supreme court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to make what I
suppose to be a privileged motion; and I wish
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vicicers] to
hear what 1 am about to state. Some two days
ago a bill passed the Senate in reference to the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, it
went to the House of Representatives; and yes-
terday, it being the day in the House when the
District Committee is called, the bill came up,
and was passed by the House, and that fact
communicated to the Senate. Before its pas-
sage by the House had been communicated to
the Senate, the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Fowler] made a motion to recall the bill which
had passed the Senate, in order to enter a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote upon its passage. I
made no objection to that, because I think a
Senator should havethe opportunity to enter
his motion to reconsider a bill; but before that
resolution recalling the bill from the House ot
Representatives reached the House, or before
it passed here I suppose, the bill had passed
the House, and that fact was afterward com-
municated here. That being the state of the
case, the bill having passed both Houses, I do
not see now how the House can return the bill
to the Senate. They have already sent the bill
back to the Senate as passed by both Houses.
It is here, and it is here concurred m and passed
by the other House.
Now, as the resolution sending the request
to the House embarrasses the matter I move
that that resolution be rescinded. -If theie was
any catch about the bill or any misapprehen-
sion, I should be willing, by unanimous con-
