.1828
TBI CONCtttfiSaOSfAL GLOSS,
May 19,
hlbit the expenditure of anf contingent fund
by tho Government. Every one who has !< id
any experience in the administration of U".v
Department of the Government, well knows
tbat there are times when expenditures must
be made that cannot ptonerly or wisely bo
accounted for, although those expenditures
may be perfectly right, perfectly just, and per-
fectly necessary. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York would deprive the
Administration of that great power, almost the
only effective power which it has iri commun-
ication with foreign States; and I feel sure
that this committee will not be willing to accede j
to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I waaM inquire of the
gentleman whether there Is any such proposi-
tion pending before the committee now ?
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. KelsEy] has given notice that he
will offer such an amendment, and I have called
the attention Of tho committee to it now, as
we may not have an opportunity to diSCussthis
matter hereafter.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there are two sides to
the territorial question: the one is as to the
giving up of territory acquired by our fathers
arid belonging to this people, nport the ground
artd upon the declaration that such territory is
of no consequence, and never will he wanted
by the Government of this country; and the
other, Which has been presented by the gen-
tleman from New York, is in regard to the
acquisition of territory.
We have territory on the northwest coast to
the line of 64° 40'. I have the authority of Mr.
JohnQnincy Adams for saying that we surren-
dered six degrees of that territory which was
ours. To recover that territory after we had sur-
rendered it We nearly involved this country in a
war, and although we regained our territory up
to the lineof forty-ninecregrees, We would have
abandoned even that line if it had not been
necessary to fix that line In order to take in
the mouth of the Columbia river, one of the
most important points on the northwest coast,
and Where will ultimately be, not only the great
city of that coast, but perhaps the great city
of the continent itself. We have, therefore, to
consider whether we will gain territory or
whether We will give it up because it is of no
advantage-
Mr. John Quincy Adatojs also said that thb
lines of thiscountry as fixed by the treaty with
Spain carried us to the Rio Grande; and be-
cause we thought that territory of no conse-
qnencfe we abandoned it, left it io Spain and
then to Mexieo; and this country was after-
Ward plunged into a War to regain that which
we had basely or at least unwistely surrendered
because it was thought of no acebunt at all.
So, too, in tWe Northeast. We had a bound-
ary fl*ed by out treaty with Great Britain which
We regarded ag or' no importance. Theylaid
a claim to a portibn of Our territory, as they
lay a claim to the entire globe. We yielded
to their claim; and after we had surrendered
our territory in the Northeast we found in the
archives of Great Britain maps which by their
own private lines conceded to us exactly the
territory which we had yielded to them.
Now, in regard to San Domingo, let me say
that it was Offered to us in 1844. The Gov1'
eminent of San Domingo at that time sent
two commissioners to the Government of this
country, asking us to take this territory, which
would not then have had this debt of $15,000,-
000 to Which the gentleman has referred ; but'
we rejected the proposition, ar neglected to
act upon it, because San Domingo was a free
country, and owing to that neglect or failure to
make the acquisition we ttere led step bystep
into the terrible rebellion, by not only giving
to the southern people opportunity to Concen-
trate their power to strike at this Government,
but leaving to the people of Europe—-two hun-
dred and fifty millions of them, all the enemies
of this country—the whole of the islands of the
Gulf of Mexico, frota whieh CQhld make
war against us, and against whom we «ottld
never strike one blow nor fire one shot.
That is what we did. It cost us two million
lives, the lives of our brothers and of Amer-
icans ; for the southern men were our brothers
and Americans, as we are Americans and their
brothers. If we had had this foothold in the
Gulf of Mexico the rebellion itself probably
would hot have occurred; at all events, the war
in Which We struggled against this terrible
enemy for five long years never could have
been carried on from thoSe islands as it Was.
Now, here is a poor man ; I say poejr man,
because he works for the Government and has
no compensation but scanty me&tand drink to
keep body and soul together, fend ia liable every
day ne lives to be assailed by men as incompe-
tent and dishonest, to whom he can make no
reply. If there is a man oh the face of the
earth who is to be pitied it is the mah in the
service of the Government.
The Cothmissionfef of the General Land Office
is the only man in this eottntry who liaS made
these land titles, these outlying land titles, the ^
study of his life. He is the only mat* who com-
prehends that they are In issue everywhere in
the island of Vancouver, the islands of the
northern boast; everywhere these titles are in
issue, and he is the only man whoebmprfehends
them, and Is able to explain thetn. If we had
bad snch a man in office at the time We sip ;!
rendered Texas; if we had had such a man in j
office at the time We surrendered the north-
west territory ; if we had had such a man itj
office at the time we surrendered our north- |
eastern territory, we Would have had none of i
those disasters which have befallen this country.
And that great man, greater than till other
men wholiVed in his time, because he Was more
: truly an American, John Quincy Adams, was
I the Ohly man who thought it wOrth while, to
I study this question, and to give the pebplethe
| information he possessed upoh the subjeciU •
Gentlemen talk of the unimportance of Satt
! Domingo. Let me tell the gentlemen from
| New York, the One on the Democratic side,
i [Mr. Wood,] ana the other on the Republican
' side, [Mr. Keyset,] that greater men than
they are have spbke'h in contempt and deris-
ion of the Mississippi valley and of the P&ciHfc'
; coast. A Senator from my State long ago,
i when these questions were not so well com-
1 prehended as they are how, said that it would
be for the benefit of the IJnited States if the
motith of the Mississippi was closed to the
American people, And that he hoped it would [
be done. Ana still liter, another Senator from
my owri State, in speaking of California and
' of the Pacific coast, said that he did not waht'
! all these arid deserts of the interior, all these
| rocky shbres of the Pacific coast; that' they
i were worth nothing whatever, and that he
; never would vote to appropriate a single dbl-
i lar to bring the Pacific coast any nearer to
: the city of Boston or to the Atlantic coast
! than it was at that time. Yet, whfere )s the
man now who will hold In' derision and con-
' tempt those who brought to us the Pacific,
i j coast: those who gave to U3 the great MiS-
sissippi valley? The Mississippi valley, if ;
peopled as England is peopled, at the rate of ;
three hundred and thirty-three to the square *
mile, would maintain and support 8 thou-
sand million people, -who ^ill be tot only
the rulers of this contihent figaitist whom my
friend from New York fMr.'kelseyj Could do '
nothing in the Gulf of Me*ico, but>hb *111.
well nigh be the masters of the globe, teaching
out as they will from the Pacific on the west
to the Atlantic on the east. No, sir J we
cannot turn back the/current of history. And
we ought not, at least, to hold in derision
and speak contemptuously of these humble,
and learned and patriotic fneh, who in their'
dark offices, for mean anil paltry salaries, look
out for the interests df this country ahd give
us notice when and where we are to be be-
trayed by the cession of rights that belong
to us.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise the point of order
that this discussion is out of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I trust I may be allowed just
one word. This debate is certainly out of order;
but inasmuch hs the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] has taken the liberty to
make an elaborate speech in behalf of the
acquisition of San Domingo 
The' CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Illinois make a point of order?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; and I will state it.
Inasmuch as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has been allowed to discuss the question
of San Domingo, I ask the House to give me
the privilege of occupying ten minutes to reply
to him, and to Atate the reasons why San Do-
mingo should not bo made a part of the Uni-
ted St&tes of America. The question has been
thrust in here without any reason or justifica-
tion, in order to head off certain propositions;
and I desite to show why this country should
not have addfed to its inhabitants any naked
ahd half-savage people like those of San Do-
mingo.
The CjlAtRMAN. The Chairunderstands
the gentleman from Illinois to raise a point of
: order ; and the point of order is not debatable.
'.Che gentleman will please state his point.
Jit. LOGAN. My point of order is, that
I will take my seat. [Laughter.]
Thd CHAIRMAN, tfhe Chair sustains the
point of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELSEY, I ask that the bill now be
i rqad by paragraphs for amendment.
, The Clerk .proceeded to read the bill, aud
| read the foliowingi
For miniatara rqsidee* Portugal. Bwitterland,
Greet*. Belgium. Holland, Denmark, Sweden, lur-
key, EcuadorTwew Granada. Bolivia, Venezuela,
Guatemala, Nicaragua, Sandwich Islands. Costa
Rica, Honduras, Japan, and. Salvador, 6142,500.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise for the
purpose of Moving my annual amendment to
this bill.- I ittove to insert after the word
"Salvador," in the nineteenth line, the word
" Rome." I entertain the hope that there will
be no opposition to this proposition at the
present time. Therefore I will not make any
speech npon it.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to oppose this amend-
ment. Some yeafs ago, after a full discussion
in thi'S House, it Was decided that a minister
resident should tlot be sent by this Govern-
ment to Rome. The question was thoroughly
considered, and 'I believe no one decision in
relation to our foreign or diplomatic affairs
has met more cordially the assent of the coun-
try than that. There is no reason, SO fttr as I
try man mat. .mere i  xiu icaauM| ow **** a
have heard, that should induce us to change
the policy whldh has heen adopted in this
House. Bfenpe I oppose the amendment, and;
^Mr^BROOfrs, 6f New York. I withdraw
thfe amendment I have already offered and
move awotner, tb insert dfter the word "Gua-,
temala," in the eighteenth line, the word
"Rome." t had hoped there would be no
objection t6 the adoption of this proposition.
Rome is One of the great Powers df the .earth,
if not politically, eertairtly Socially, morally,
artistically, and religiously. As a State Rome
is of much more importance th^n Guatemala,.
Nicaragua, Cos& Rica, or Salvador. My col-
league [Mr. Kelsey] has given no reason in;
opposition tQ my amendment except that ha
believes there Is a Universal concurrence in.
the sentituSnt that we should send.no minister
to Rome. I can assure the gentleman that he
never was more mistaken in his whole life than
in supposing that there' is a general concurrence
in such an opinion. . ,
ket me add my thorough conviction that^ if
the majority of this House do not now rees-
tablish this mission,, which the Democratic
party and the Whig party kept up for years
without opposition, this mission will be rees-
