4572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
sent, to agree to anything to bring the bill up
again; but tho bill is well understood; it lias
been pending for a long time. There may be
some difference of opinion between (he Senator
from Maryland, who I understand takes an
interest in this bill, and myself us to whether
we ought to abolish the orphans' court as tho
bill does ; but the committees in both Houses
had so reported; it is a subject that has been
long under consideration, and I have no idea
that there would be any change in the Senate
if the bill were brought back here; and there
is no practicable way that I see to bring it back.
Therefore 1 think, in order to relievo us of
embarrassment, it is proper to rescind the re-
quest we have sent to die House. The House,
of course, would desire to comply with any-
thing it could comply with; but the bill is not
there now. I move that that resolution be
resciuded.
Mr. FOWLER. What, is tho motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves to rescind the vote which
was taken yesterday upon the motion submit-
ted by the Senator from Tennessee, recalling
from the House of .Representatives the bill (S.
No. 491) relating to the supremo court of the
District of Columbia. That motion is now
made; but it is not open to discussion, if
objection be made to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is 110 objection
to its being disposed of, 1 apprehend. It is a
privileged question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, lint it is
subject to a call of the Senator from Maine for
the appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be disposed of.
Mr. FOWLER. I have but a few words to
say in regaid to it. The bill came before the
Senate in the last Congress ; it was then con-
sidered in the Senate and got the go-by. It
has again made its appearance in the Senate
during the session several times.
My only anxiety in regard to the question
was that the measure should be thoroughly con-
sidered before a court was entirely destroyed
and a new one organized in its place ; that the
whole subject should receive some considera-
tion, particularly on the part of those who are
friendly to that kind of court. It has been
one that has prevailed in Maryland and in this
District for many years. Tlio people are ac-
customed to it. I was opposed to the destruc-
tion of the court without, at any rate, tiie
gravest reasons for it.
The bill passed lierc without any persons
scarcely knowing what it was. That was our
fault, and not the fault of the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, I admit. I was
out at the time; but I had carefully watched
the progress of the bill before, for I had not
yet found any good reason for the abolition of
the orphans' court. The judge who has occu-
pied this place is represented to me to bo a
worthy person, and to sustain an excellent
reputation, both among the citizens and in the
supreme court; that nothing had ever been
lost to claimants ill the court, and his decisions
had very seldom, more seldom perhaps than
those of any other judge, been reversed.
I do not want to throw any obstacles in the
way of action on the bill; but I wished to have
the whole matter brought before the Senate
again and considered ; and 1 do not. think it a
valid reason for the hasty passage of any bill
of this kind that the business is accumulating
and that we have a vast amount now before us
which we want to get through with. For that
very reason we ought to be more considerate
when these subjects come before us. It is not
an easy matter for us to correct an injury that
may result to the community by legislation of
this kind; and of all kinds of legislation that
which attacks the judiciary should be most
carefully guarded. I know scarcely anything
that will justify a species of legislation of this
kind. There are proper methods of disposing
of a judge or disposing of a court. Some rea-
sons ought to be shown why tho court should
be destroyed and a better one put in its place.
I had hoped the matter would come before the
Senate and be reconsidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see anyway
to do it now.
Mr. V1CKERS. I am not sufficiently ac-
quainted with parliamentary law 1o say what
course ought to be pursued. The Senator from
Illinois has more experience and knows much
better than myself the course that should be
adopted.
The bill was taken up in the Senate in the
morning hour. I believe it was not read ; I
think tlie reading was dispensed with. I was
engaged with my colleague aud a member of the
other House in conversation at my desk in refer-
ence to an appropriation to improve tho harbor
at the city of Baltimore, and the bill passed
before my attention could bo fully arrested.
I understand that it abolishes the orphans'
court and transfers the duties of that court to
a judge of the supremecourt of the District, and
authorizes the appointment of an additional
judge of that court. The same subject was
before the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia at one period. The object appeared to be to
get rid of the judge, and to effect it the course
proposed was to abolish the court. Some law-
yers, very distinguished, I suppose, in this city,
appeared before that committee and stated that
during a judgeship of about twenty-two years
not a dollar had been lost by reason of insuffi-
cient security taken on any testamentary, ad-
ministration, or guardian bond; that tho judge
had fullillcd his duties with great fidelity and
satisfaction; that the interest of minors had
been fully and thoroughly protected; that the
court was popular in the District; that it was
what was called "the people's court," every-
body having easy access to the judge ; that they
were ready at any time to vindicate the charac-
ter of the judge against any aspeisions that might
be attempted to be put upon it. The commit-
tee thought it was a subject more appropriately
belonging to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and they asked to be discharged from its con-
sideration, and tho bill was referred to the
Judiciary Committee. I was not aware that it
had been reported until the bill was about to
pass.
All that is desired is that the subject may
be considered by the Senate. I do not know
that tho action of the Senate would be at all
changed. I have no idea what its judgment
would be ; but as it is an important measure,
and affects the interests of the city, and against
which many of the citizens protest, 1 thought
that it ought to be considered in a full Senate.
It was one of those bills which are passed in the
morning hour in a hurry and not attended to.
Air. TR UMBUJLL. The Senator from Mary-
land will pardon me. He knows very well
that I made no objection to recalling the bill.
I ^iad not the least conception that the House
would have acted in the mean time ; and that
is what has got it in such a situation as it is.
Mr. VICKERS. I am aware of that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask tho Senator
from Illinois, what is the special impoitanceof
action on this at the present moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to relieve the
House from the position it is in. The llouso
has not got the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
probability of the House acting on it to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it ought to be
disposed of, because it is one of the courtesies
between the Houses. It can be disposed of in
a moment. I presume the Senator from Mary-
land does not wish to debate it at any length.
Mr. VICKERS. Not at all. When the mo-
tion was made by the Senator from Tennessee
to send a message to the House for tho bill
and to reconsider it the chairman of the Judi
ciary Committee was not in his sent. It was
objected to by one of the committee, on the
ground that it ought not to be acted upon in the
absence of the chairman. I told the Senator
from Tennessee that I was confident that as
soon as the chairman returned to the Senate
Chamber he would not make the slightest' ob-
jection: and he cheerfully acceded to it when
he came in, and a message was sent to the
House; but it was engaged m passing bills
relative to the District of Columbia, and this
bill passed before the message) X suppose5
reached it. m*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is oil the motion of the Senator trom. -Illi-
nois, to rescindlheresolution adopted yesterday
requesting the recall of Senate bill No; 491,
relative to the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, from the House of Represent-
atives.
The motion was agreed to.
Sir. VICKERS. I will merely remark that
I understood a few moments ago, from a mem-
ber of the House, that a motion was now pend-
ing in that body to send to the Senate for the
bill. I do not know what disposition will be
made of it.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I suppose the House
will be informed of our action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will inform the House of the action of
the Senate rescinding its vote.
JtEMOVAL 01? DISABILITIES.
Mr. POOL. I desire to introduce a bill, and
ask unanimous consent for its present consid-
eration.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduceabill (S. No. 990) to relieve Henry
A. Badham from the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution to the United States;
and it was read twice bv its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from-North Carolina asks unanimous consent
to consider the bill at the present time. Is
there objection ? The Chair hears none, and
the bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, and open to amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted au amend-
ment intended to be proposed to the bill (H.
R. No. 1G04) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1871,
and l'or other purposes ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing Senate bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 346) for the relief of Mary A.
Coolidge;
A bill (S. No. 402) for the relief of John
Somors Smith, on account of diplomatic ser-
vices at the city of San Domingo;
A bill (S. No. 552) for the relief of Captain
John A. Wilcox;
A bill (S. No. CG5) for the relief of "William
H. Ilarman;
A bill (S. No. 868) for the relief of Reuben
Grindle; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 94) for the
relief of J. R. Clark.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 4-59) to authorize
the settlement of the accounts of officers of the
Army and Navy, with an amendment, in which
it requested tho concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. II. No. 2239) granting a pension
to Thomas Maxwell:
A bill (II. R. No. 2238) granting a pension
to the minor children of CharlesT. Hiltibedal;
A bill (H. R. No. 1692) for the relief of
Mary Petrie, widow of George C. Petrie, late
