428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
It is merely that this arrangement shall not be
carried into effect until a committee of the
House have had an opportunity to examine and
report to us whether there is-not some suitable
place where the post office can be placed. It
is not proposed to break up this arrangement;
but these gentlemen have lived for a very con-
siderable period of time with the accommoda-
tions that they now have. I have not discov-
ered that they have suffered in health or that
the public business has suffered in their hands
in consequence of the unsuitable character of
the rooms they have been in. I merely pro-
pose that the existing arrangement may be
continued for a few days longer, and that the
post office shall not be moved into this unsuit-
able place until some committee of the House
have had an opportunity to say to us where the
post office may be placed with convenience to
he officers and to all the members of the House.
I know that the gentleman of whom my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] speaks, the
Postmaster of the House, has very great influ-
ence in this House. I am aware that it is quite
a job for the Postmaster of this House or for
any other individual to undertake to antago-
nize the chairmen of the two most important
committees of this House. But I think if any
gentleman upon this floor will examine this
question, if they will go and look at this room,
they will see the reason for what I say.
I know that my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] says he has served on a com-
mittee in that room for some time, and that
they have never been obliged to light the gas
ill order to do business. Now, his testimony
is entirely in conflict with the statements of
every person to whom I have spoken upon the
subject. The clerk of his own committee and
everybody I have seen who has had anything
to do with that room say that it is impossible
to do business in that room even on a bright
day without first having the gas lighted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] if he
lias conversed with members of the committees
that occupy that room, or has he confined his
investigations to the employes of the House?
Mr. POLAND. I have conversed with gen-
tlemen who have served on committees in that
room.
Mr. KARNSWORTH. The gentleman re-
fers to members of committees sitting in that
roomv I would ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] if we have had to light the
f^aa 111 that room ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. No, air.
Mr. ]< ARNSWOIiTTL I would ask the same
question of the gentleman from New Jersev,
[Mr. IIu.L.] ■"
Mr. HILL. We have been obliged to use
Ino gas on a dark day.
Mr. FARNSWORTn. Not on a light day.
Mr. HILL. No, sir.
Mr. GARMELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] to allow
me to move to amend his resolution by striking
out the words—
And that until such report all action for the ro-
"usjcndld E°St °ffiC0 fr0m itS 1)rosent location bo
The resolution will then read :
Jiemlved .That the Committee on Public Buildings
•r?to /ho'tirnJiS tw examine and determine
<ts to tiio proper location and arrangement; of the
 oon^£uU°e.Tei,0rt th° Sam° t0 tU° House
That will not suspend the execution of the
orders ol the House in regard to fitting up these
rooss- It Willi however, allow the Committee
on I ubhe Buildings and Grounds to examine
the whole premises and see if something better
can bo done for the post office of the House, a
thing which I do not now say ought not to be
done, for I hare not sufficiently examined the
subject to be able to form an opinion upon it.
I will say here, however, that if some of our
honorable members who have old recollections
concerning the old Hall of the House had been
willing last year—and I think they ought now
to be willing—to allow that old Hall to be no
longer merely a barn, measurably useful for all
purposes and ornamental for none, and let it
be made into committee-rooms, it would settle
this whole question, and in the most eligible
and effective manner.
But without calling up that question now, it
occurs to me that if the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] will consent to my amend-
ment, and if the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds will examine all the other
rooms which we have,they will be ablepromptly
to report upon this question.
One word more and I will resign to the
courtesy of my friend. The Committee on
Banking and Currency, unwilling to disturb the
Clerk of the House in his private office, if pos-
sible to avoid it, consented to take a room much
less eligible than the one they first proposed
to take; and although it is even now exceed-
ingly doubtful whether it is sufficiently com-
modious for the purpose of the committee, and
can only be made so by the use of a small room
adjoining it, the committee consented to that
arrangement. It seems to me that every pos-
sible pains has been taken, unless it be in re-
gard to the post office itself; and that, it seems
to me, can be done in the way I have suggested.
I hope the gentleman will allow my amendment
to be offered.
Mr. POLAND. I cannot yield for that
purpose, and I will state the reason why. I
suppose this committee could examine this
subject and report to us in two days some ar-
rangement by which the post office can be re-
moved to some suitable place. It is for the
very purpose of preventing our post office
being torn up and put into this place below
where it cannot remain. It is to secure some
suitable place for it before it shall be removed
from its present location. I do not want to
break up the arrangement which has been
made for the convenience of the gentlemen on
these committees; I desire that they shall all
be_ accommodated; but I desire that some
suitable place shall be provided for the post
office before this proposed change is made. I
apprehend that these gentlemen of the com-
mittees can wait a day or two, or a week, if
necessary, till this question can be properly
examined. ^ The danger to the public service
is not so imminent as to require such very
speedy action in reference to the assignment
of these committee-rooms. These committees
who have for years occupied the rooms they
now occupy can stay in them a day or two, or
at the furthest a week or two longer, till this
question can be properly examined.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the permission of
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] I
desire to say that the Committee of Ways and
Means, to which I belong and on which I have
served for several years, did not make this
application out of considerations personal to
the members of that committee. The room
which the committee has heretofore occupied
is regarded by all the members of the com-
mittee as the most eligible, lor their personal
convenience merely, of alltherooms aboutthis
Capitol. But, sir, in our consideration of pub-
lic measures we are obliged to hear delegations
from almost every industrial interest in the
country. I may be permitted to say that we
should have made ourreportupon the tariff at a
very early period in the session but for the fact
that when it was understood we were about to
report upon that subject we were obliged to
receive and listen to delegations representing
the various interests to be affected. And it
was on account of our needs in respect to re-
ceiving delegations of this character that we
submitted our proposition for a more commo-
dious^ room. The room we have heretofore
used is so small that it is absolutely impossible
for us to receive in it the many delegations
that come to us charged with what they regard
as great interests. 1 hope, therefore, that the
gentleman from Vermont will not persist in
saying that we are advocating and seeking our
own convenience. Our object is simply the
proper transaction of>public business.
Mr. POLAND. My friend from Tennessee,
like other gentlemen who have spoken, will
persist in misunderstanding the object of the
resolution I have offered. Its design is simply
that before incurring the trouble and expense
of removing our post office to a place where
it cannot remain a committee of this House
shall be set to work to search out a suitable
place for it. I have no fear that the public
business will not go forward if the committees
continue to use a little while longer the rooms
they have heretofore had; they will, I have no
doubt, be reasonably well accommodated. 1
think that neither the convenience of gentlemen
of the committees nor the public service will
suffer by the short delay that will be occasioned
by adopting the resolution I have offered.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a single suggestion, which I think will
relieve the House from its present difficulty?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to suggest whether
it would not be well to remove the Capitol to
some other place where we can have more
room, and where liberal accommodations for
all our committees may be provided ?
Mr. POLAND. I should probably be found
in accord with the gentleman on that subject.
I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to ; there
being—ayes 64, noes 42.
Mr.POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
capture of jefferson davis.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to the res-
olution of the House of December 15,1869, in
relation to the payment of the bounty for the
capture of Jefferson Davis, allowed by act of
Congress of July 27, 1868; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
negotiation of postal treaties.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, in answer to a reso-
lution of December 16,1869, inquiring whether
without appointment and confirmation by the
Senate any person holding aUnited States office
has been employed by that Department to treat
with foreign nations ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
alaska.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House, transmit-
ting a copy of the report of the late special
agent of his Department for Alaska; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
statue of general nathaniel greene.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Governor of Rhode Island, in
relation to the statue of General Nathaniel
Greene; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
river and harbor improvements.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, with a
statement of expenditures made under tho pro-
visions of the act of Congress for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors of the United States
between July 1, 1868, and November 30, I860;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
