1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
than to ask tbat justice nay be done to the
State of Kentucky and to Mr. Golladay.
Mr. BINGHAM. I had already said before
the gentleman arose that it was not my purpose
to reflect personally upon the Governor of
Kentucky, but to speak of the extraordinary
act of the Governor as in direct contravention
of the express letter of the Constitution of the
United States and of his own oath as Governor
of the State.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield tome
for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentlettian
for a moment.
Mr. BECK. I only desire, to say that the
gentleman from Ohio is blaming the Governor
of Kentucky simply because he starts out upon
false premises. The Governor of Kentucky
assumed, and I think he was right in the assump-
tion, that Mr. Golladay had not tendered his
resignation to this House, but had merely noti-
fied the Speaker that he bad sent a communi-
cation to the Governor of Kentucky asking
him to receive his resignation, and the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky declined to accept it for the
very proper reasons stated. If the member
from Kentucky had resigned bis place, then,
perhaps, the Governor of Kentucky would have
bad no right to have said one word. But you
will see by the communication of Mr. Golladay
that he did not resign, but simply notified the
Speaker that he had'' tendered his resignation''
to the Governor.
Mr. BINGHAM. One of the Communica-
tions of Mr. Golladay himself, read at the desk
this morning, contains the express declaration
of his resignation without any qualification an
neXed at alL The word "tender" had better
have been " notify," so that it would read, *'I
hereby notify your Excellency, the Governor of
Kentucky, that I have resigned my place." The
fact that the word "tender" was used does
not change the. legal effect of the paper, for
no executive on the earth can preventthe resig-
nation of his seat by a member of this House.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGH AM. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted any farther. A letter announcing his
resignation was received at Mr. Golladay's
request and entered npon the proceedings of
this House. The gentleman says no action was
taken. It was the action which arises from
universal consent and expressive silence; it
was the consent of the whole House to the
fact. And now I ask the attention of the House
to the provision of the Constitution that is this
day brought in question by the assumption of
the Governor of Kentucky. On page 6 of the
manual copy of the Constitution gentlemen
will find these words:
"When vacancies happen in the representation
from any State tie executive authority thereof shall
issue writs of election to fill such vacancies."
And further on in this Constitution it is pro-
vided that every executive, every legislative,
and every judicial officer of every State shall
be bound by an oath to support this Constitu-
tion ; and it is fnrther provided, as gentlemen
know, that this Constitution shall be the
supreme law of the land, and tbat the judges
of every State shall be bound thereby, anything
in the constitution and laws of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Now, the question arising this day is this—
and gentlemen cannot escape from it: that the
Governor of a State undertakes to intervene
and say that there shall not be a vaeancy when
it does happen by the resignation of a mem-
ber, although this Home has received it and
entered it upon, its proceedings, and thereby
refuses to order a writ of election, which he is
bound by the express letter of the supreme law
of the land to do. and bound by his oath to do.
For myself, instead of entertaining such a
proposition as this, I would entertain a bill to
compel a Governor to respect the express pro-
vision of the Constitution and the rights of the
American people. Sir, that was a very signifi-
cant remark of Mr. Webster, in his debate with
Mr. Calhoun, that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States relies for its execution in so far as
it depends upon the action of the State, not
upon the mere corporation, not upon thebody of
the people themselves, but upon the individual
consciences and the individual duties enjoined
by the obligations of the oath prescribed in the
Constitution itself; and he concluded that re-
markable utterance with these words, that ought
to be recalled by the members of this House
to-day, that if the officials of a State will dis-
regard the obligations of the oath enjoined by
the Constitution of the country upon them it
would break up any Government upon the earth.
So it would, sir. If the State Executives will
not order an election to fill vacancies that may
happen, then you can have no House of Rep-
resentatives. If the State Executives will not
take ways and means under the law to provide
for the election of State Legislatures you can
have no Senate. And the result is that the
whole fabric of government perishes by the
refusal of the State Executives to obey the obli-
gations of their oaths and the express require-
ments of the Constitution. There is the lan-
guage. It is imperative. If a vacancy happens
he shnll issue his writ of election, and not send
word to the House that he desires an examina-
tion. The House has settled long ago, as well as
at this session, that it has power to proceed with
the examination, notwithstanding the resigna-
tion, ascertain the facts, and report them to the
House and to the country. And when we have
done it, if we acquit this gentleman of every
color of wrong, there is not a man in this
House, nor a man in his own State either, who
will rejoice at it more than I do. And in all
my remarks, as I said before, it is not my pur-
pose to reflect upon the late member, (Mr.
Golladay.)
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
. Mr. WOOD WARD. I ask the gentleman 
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] will pardon me If I
now resume the floor.
Mr. WOODWARD. Very well.
Mr. STOKES. I had no idea when I pre-
sented this preamble and resolution that it
would be debated at all to-day. I presented it
simply for reference to the Committee on the '
Judiciary, believing that it is a case which ought
properly to come before this House in proper
form. Here was a member of this House who j
had sent in his resignation, had tendered it to !
the Governor qf bis State, supposing that the !
Governor would accept it, But the Governor has
refused to accept it, has refused to order a new
election, and has ordered the member to resume
his seat in this House. I thought it was a case
which certainly ought to be brought before the
House and be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, or some other committee, who j
shall report upon it to the House for its action.
And I hope now that there will be no more !
discussion, and that the- House will refer the
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary,
which, after examination, can make their report
to the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say a few words upon this subject.
Mr. STOKES. Very well; I will yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the attention of the House to the ques-
tion tbat is before it, because it is a very grave
one, and I do not think we should evep give it ,
the privilege of being referred to a committee, i
The question stated very briefly is this: has |
the Executive of any State any control, me-
diately or immediately, over the members of
this House to determine whether their terms j
of office shall be longer or shorter? That
question I could not even entertain, and there-
tore I should vote against the reference of the !
resolution. And only that I am speaking in
the time of my friend from Tennessee [Mr. I
Stokes] I would move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Allow me to call the attention of the House
to the exact question. A member of this House
seeks to leave it; whether or not he can do so
without leave of the House itself we need not, no w
discuss. But it is claimed that he cannot do it.
and that his act does not take effect provided the
Governor of the State intervenes. Now, the
Governor of the State is only to be notified of
the resignation of the member, because the
Constitution fixes his duty thereupon, which is
to make a new writ of election. And it has
been decided that the issuing of that writ of
election is so much his duty that where the
Legislature of the State had not made any pro-
vision in regard to the time and place to hold
the election it required the Governor to insert
in the writ the time and place of holding the
election thereby ordered.
Mr. DAWES. There have been decisions
| over and over again where the electors them-
selves, without any writ of election, have taken
notice of their own accord of the vacancy and
of their own motion have deposited their bal-
lots without any writ of election, and the elec-
tions so held have been deemed legal and valid.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I was
speaking only of the power of the Governor.
My colleague [Mr. Dawes] being familiar with
that branch of the question, of course is quite
right. But we are now called upon to inquire
as to the power of the Governor in this case.
Suppose a member of this House concluded to
resign for the purpose of running as a candi-
date against the Governor of his State. The
Governor does not choose to have him run
against him, and upon this doctrine he has
only to refuse to accept his resignation and
order him back here so that he cannot run
against him. I need only to state the proposi-
tion to have it at once rejected.
Let me give another illustration. Suppose
the President of the United States should
desire to have in his Cabinet the services of
one of the Representatives on this floor, say
a Representative from Kentucky, and the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky does not choose to have that
Representative from Kentucky serve in the
Cabinet of the President of the United States,
and therefore will not accept his resignation ;
I say again the statement of the question is
the best argument.
I am very glad that this question has come
i up, because 1 hope we shall settle it for all
time in this first precedent. I say the simple
j question is, who shall control the organization
■ of the House? Is there any controlling power
in the hands of the Executive of any State? I
' say no, not even in the hands of the Executive
of the United States.
| Mr. STOKES. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I will trouble
the House but a single moment. I think it
may be quite competent for the House upon
good reason to allow the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to withdraw his resignation if he thinks
proper to do so, but not upon such reasons as
those stated in the resolution. The Governor
of the State has no more control over a mem-
ber than has the secretary of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky or the sheriff. His only
power is to order, when he is notified from this
House that there is a vacancy, an election to
fill the vacancy. He has no other power what-
ever with reference to the subject. No power
but the House itself can create a vacancy in
this body. The House has absolute power
over its members, not only in this Hall, but
elsewhere. It can compel their attendance.
And no man can throw off his membership of
this House except by the express or implied
consent of the House itself. Now, the tele-
gram which has been read from the Governor
of Kentucky may be a very good letter of
advice; but it is not an authoritative docu-
ment, and ought not to be received or treated
as such by this House to any extent whatever.
