1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4573
a private seventeenth Michigan infantry vol-
unteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2235) granting a pension
to William Powell ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2234) granting a pension
to Edwin Woodson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2232) for the relief of
Frank M. Lang and his children ;
A bill (H. R. No. 223.3) granting a pension
to Adelaide Didenhof;
A bill (H. R. No. 1214) granting a pension
to David II. Pugh ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2237) granting a pension
to Bridget Angas;
A bill (II. R. No. 2236) granting a pension
to Mary Pearson;
A bill (H. R. No. 1721) for the relief of J.
Alden Rathbun, postmaster of Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 550) granting a pension
to George Menz;
A bill (H. R. No. 1115) for the relief of
Robert Brigham, late postmaster, Franklin,
Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 2229) granting a pension
to Joseph Burnham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2228) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Capp;
A bill (II. R. No. 1016) granting a pension
. to Benjamin P. Wells;
A bill (H. R. No. 2227) granting a pension
to Benjamin P. Burnham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1357) for the relief of
Shadrack Saunder-s, Daniel Moore, Alexander
Forbes, and other citizens of Petersburg, Vir-
ginia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2244) for the relief of the
Brazil Mail Steamship Company ;
A bill (EL R. No. 2245) for the relief of
Wallis Pattee;
A bill (EL R. No. 2247) for the payment of
Eli as Shipman to the amount allowed by the
War Department ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2248) for the relief of
Charles Steedman, Commodore United States
Navy ;
A bill (II. It. No. 2240) for the relief of
Thomas Allen; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 139) for the
relief of Naomi A. Stevens, of Jackson county,
Michigan.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions :
A bill (S. No. 399) to authorize the paving
and sewerage of M street, Washington, District
of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 537) for the relief of .lames
A. Bunce;
A bill (S. No. 809) granting a pension to
Mary A. Filler;
A bill (S. No. 891) to require the register
of wills for the District of Columbia to give
bond;
A bill (S. No. 943) amendatory of act ap-
proved February 5. 1807, and joint resolution
approved March 29, 1867, relative to judges
and commissioners of election in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, District ol
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 927) to make legal a certain
act of the councils of the city oi Washington;
A bill (EL R. No. 2218) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to authorize the construc-
tion, extension, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
into and within the District of Columbia,'
approved February 5, 1S70 ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 119) to admit
free of duty certain printed chromos ; aim
A joint resolution (S. R- No. 77) authorizing
a distribution of the copies remaining m the
Department of State of the Tributes of the
Nations to Abraham Lincoln.
PO&T OFFICE APPROPRIATION' BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
(H. R. 1828) making appropriations lor the
service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the
pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey] as
amended.
Mr. MORTON. What is it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
amended, as follows:
And he it further enacted. That all laws and parts
of laws giving the right to any officer or Department
of the Government, or other person, to either send
or receive through tho United States mails, free of
charge, nny letter, document, 01* other mailable mat-
ter, are hereby repealed. And that this section shall
take effect oil and after the 1st day of July, 1870; but
shall not be construed as repealing tho provisions in
favor of publishers of newspapers and periodicals
contained in the second scotion of the act of August
o0,1852, entitled "An act to amend an act to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in tho United States,
and for other purposes," passed March 3,1851: Pro-
vided, That the postage on all letters, whether pass-
ing through the mails, or collected or delivered by
postal agents, shall be at the uniform rate of two
cents for each half ounce or fraction thereof.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to change the
date for the taking effect of the section by
striking out "July" and inserting "August;"
so that it shall not take effect until after the
expiration of this present session. That will
give us time to send off all the documents that
are ordered to be printed, and most of which
are on our hands yet, and it will give us the
whole session in order to provide some proper
mode to enable the Departments to transmit
the matter that they must transmit at the pub-
lic expense. There is no necessity for this
act taking effect fifteen days before Congress
adjourus. I have voted steadily against the
extension of the time to nest year, or to
November or October, or anything of that
kind ; but I do think it ought not to take effect
before the 1st day of August, so that members
can dispose of the documents they have on
hand, and which have been printed at the
public expense, mostof them, and also thatwe
may have the whole session in which to mature
and perfect some proper measure to enable
the Departments to carry on their business.
My motion is to strike out "July" and insert
"August;" so as to read •' the 1st day of
August."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on tho amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota, as amended.
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. To guide myselfandsome
other Senators who are in doubt about this
matter, I wish to ask a question of the Chair.
If in Committee of the Whole this amendment
be agreed to. will it be in order in the Senate
for the chairman of the Post Office Committee
to move to strike it out and to insert in lieu
of it so much of the amendment as precedes
this two-cent provision?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. WJi«n the
Senate shall have the bill befbie it as in Sen-
ate it will be in order for the chairman or any
other gentleman to move to amend the amend-
ment precisely as he may choose.
Mr. CONKLING. Therefore, every Senator
will take notice that when we agree to this
amendment in Committee of the Whole it re-
mains subject to uur action in the Senate,
when, doubtless, some Senator will move to
strike it out and insert so much of it as pre-
cedes this tampering with the postage laws.
Air. SUMNER. And when, doubtless, some
Senator will move to secure to the people of
this country cheap postage, when you are about
to deprive them of a privilege which they have
from time immemorial enjoyed. Letus under-
stand the order of business. When this goes
into the Senate it will be open to all Senators
alike to make such motions of amendment as
they please, to abolish or to set up, to destroy
or to construct. Some there are who seek oiily
to destroy; others would try to construct.
There are some who are satisfied'if they take
from the people a privilege; there are others
who wish to give to the people an-equivalent
for what is taken. I, sir, am one of the last,
and I will do all that I can to secure for the
people an equivalent for that privilege which
some Senators are disposed to ravish away
from them. The way is clear. Every one
knows the rules of the Senate. When this bill
reaches the Senate it will be open to all kinds
of amendment; and I pledge myself to make
such motions of amendment as seem best in
order to secure to the people what I thinkthey
ought to have.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question, if he pleases.
Mr. SUMNER. • Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask him if the people
have not requested us to ravish away from
them this extraordinary privilege, the franking
privilege?
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask my friend, does
he think that the people really have requested
this? Does my friend in earnest think the
people have requested it? I know that peti-
tions have been presented, but does the Senator
from Oregon think those petitions represent
the people? Does he not believe that the peo-
ple in earnest ask for cheap postage ? That is
what they want; and if that idea were presented
to the people there would be a natural flood of
petitions to this Chamber, by the side of which
this artificial torrent would be very weak.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I desire to
say a few words in regard to this proposition
for two-cent postage which was adopted last
night by the Senate ; and perhaps I might as
well do it now as at any time. 1 want to say
that this whole proposition for cheap postage
amounts simply to this: that we shall put down
the rate of postage far below that- which will
pay the expenses of the Department, and pay
the large deficit out of the Treasury by taxing
the people generally. That is what it amounts
to ; simply that, and nothing less. •-
Now, Mr. President, I repudiate, although
it has been learned and able, the whole reason-
ingin regard to the advantage to be derived from
two-cents or one-cent postage that has been pre-
sented. The proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts was that as you reduced the rate
of postage you increased the amount of the
correspondence, the mail matter, so that a
small postage paid on the increased amount of
mail matter would keep up the revenue to the
same point, or even increase it. That is his
proposition fairly stated. It is true to a certain
point, and beyond that it is not true. When
you get to a certain price, by going below that
you do not increase the amount of correspond-
ence by further reduction.
The illustration drawn from England does
not sustain the Senator's proposition. When
postage was twenty cents in England they
brought it down to two cents. When it was
twenty cents, it required two days' wages of a
hired girl to pay the postage of one letter, and
of course she could nut send many. It must
be an important subject that would justify her
in sending one. When the postage was twenty^
cents it took two thirds of one day's wages of
ail artisan, of a skilled laborer, to send one
letter. Of eoursc he could not send letters
upon mere friendship, or for mere pleasure, or
for acquaintance. It cost him too much labor;
it must be an important subject that would
justify a laboring man in England in sending
a letter. Consequently, when they brought
postage down from twenty cents, two thirds of
the price of a day's labor, to one penny, or
what is two cents in this country, it put it m
the power of every laboring man and of every
laboring woman to indulge in corresponding
even for mere acquaintance, for mere friend-
