1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
MODE OP PAYING PENSIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster General,
in answer to a resolution of the House, in rela-
tion to the payment of pensions to widows,
orphans, and soldiers through the Money-Order
Bureau of the Post Office; which was referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
RETIRED ARMY OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a statement of retired officers of the Army
now on duty in regard to duties, allowances,
pay, and the difference between their pay as
retired officers and their pay while on duty ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
NEW HAVEN IIARBOR.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House, the report of the chief of engineers upon
the condition of New Haven harbor; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF BOARD OF ADMIRALS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House, in regard to
the report of a board of admirals convened in
the year 1865 by the Secretary of the Navy,
and of which Admiral Parragut was president;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
USELESS MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a draft of a proposed bill to provide for the dis-
position of useless military reservations; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL ASYLUM. FOR DISABLED SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in relation
to a proposed transfer of the fund for sick and
wounded soldiers to the National Asylum for
Disabled Volunteers: which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF PATAPSCO RIVER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in answer to a resolution of the House, the
report of the chief of engineers upon the condi-
tion and improvement of the Patapsco river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
JAPANESE INDEMNITY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
relation to the sum of $600,000 in gold paid
the United States as indemnity for transgression
upon our commerce, pursuant to a stipulation
of the treaty with Japan of the 22(3 of October,
1864; which was referred to the Committeo
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
FORTRESS MONROE ARTILLERY SCHOOL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
papers relating to the site of the United States
artillery school at .Fortress Monroe, Virginia;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
SURPLUS MILITARY ARSENALS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a draft of a proposed bill for the sale of certain
surplus military arsenals of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
DEEPENING TUB PASSES OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
answer to the resolution of the House of De-
cember 14, 1869, submitting the report of the
chief of engineers of the progress made in the
work of deepening the passes of the Mississippi
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
BOARD OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in
answer to the resolution of the House of De-
cember 14, 1869, in relation to furnishing the
House with a copy of the record proceedings,
and all papers before a board of naval officers;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CAPTURE OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to the resolution of the House of December 15,
1869, in relation to the payment of the reward
authorized by law for the capture of Jefferson
Davis ; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
DES MOINES AND llOCK ISLAND RAPIDS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, in answer to
the resolution of the House of December 13,
1869, submitting the reports of the chief of
engineers upon the improvement of the Des
Moines and Rock Island rapids of the Missis-
sippi river, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
SURVEY OF INDIAN RESERVES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a copy of a letter from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, together with
an estimate of appropriations required for sur-
vey of Indian reserves for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for the present fiscal
year, amounting to $480,286; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
ARCHIVES OF TOPEKA LAND OFFICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, sub-
mitting estimates of the appropriation for special
service required to replace archives of land
office at Topeka, Kansas, destroyed by fire in
November, 1869 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
ABECASSIS'S CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in an-
swer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of December 14, 1869, relative to
contracts of Mr. Abecassis, which was referred
to the Committeo on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES IN CLERK'S OFFICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the Clerk's annual report of the names of clerks
and other persons employed in his office ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Accounts, and ordered to be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF TIIE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, communicating his annual report
of the contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives; which was referred to the
Committee on Accounts, and ordered to be
printed.
ARMY RETIRED OFFICERS.
Mr. LOGAN. The communication laid be-
fore the House a short time ago from the Sec-
retary of War in reference to retired officers,
I presume, is a mere list of names similar to
other lists of which we have quite a number
already before the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. These have not been printed ; and it
will not be necessary to order the printing of
this list. It will be sufficient to have it re-
ferred to the committee, and we will have the
whole printed together.
The SPEAKER. The communication will
be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, without its being ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I yield for five minutes
to my colleague [Mr. Mukges] for a personal
explanation.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mi-. Speaker, for the first
time since I have had the honor to hold a seat
on this floor do I arise to a question of personal
explanation. It is not the first time, however,
that I have been grossly misrepresented. I
endeavored to get the floor to notice this mat-
ter prior to the recess, but could not. The
votes and remarks of every member are open
to comment and criticism, severe criticism ;
but his personal honor forbids him submitting
tamely to slander and libel. The New York
Tribune of the 17th ultimo contains the follow-
ing in relation to my speech of the 16th, which
I take fnom its Washington correspondence:
"Mr. Mungen claims that he was betrayed into
the speech with the promised support of a number
of prominent Democrats. It is a well-known fact
that at least four well-known Democratic members
had prepared speeches taking the same ground as
Mcxgen, and wliil e Mungejj was makinghis remarks
they held council in one of the cloak-rooms and
agreed to destroy their essays and join the repudia-
tion of Mr. MuxGeh's views."
This extract is grossly false. In the first
place, I was not "betrayed into the speech
secondly, I never so claimed ; thirdly, I never
was promised the support of which the Trib-
une correspondent speaks; fourthly, I never
sought any such support, but relied and do
yet with confidence upon the toiling masses of
the country, whose cause I endeavored to advo-
cate. and, God willing, shall continue to main-
tain against their oppressors, the bankers and
bondholders ; fifthly, I do not believe that four
Democratic members had prepared speeches,
&c., and if it had been a well-known fact I
would have doubtless been aware of it; sixthly,
I cannot ascertain who the members were who
held council in the cloak-room; and finally,
the whole extract referred to is a fabrication.
So much for the Tribune. The Republican
papers have boasted that there was but one
man in the House to vote against the soothing-
sirup resolution of my colleague from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.] Not only they but gentle-
men on this floor frequently allude to this.
Gentlemen here know, and the country ought
to know, and I here take occasion to say, that
the manner in which the soothing-sirup reso-
lution was passed can add to it neither credit or
strength. By reference to the Congressional
Globe of the 17th of December last we find
the following, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mt-Dawes. X move thattherules besuspended,
and that for general debate the House resolve itself
into Committeo of the Whole upon the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States.
" Tho motion was agreed to.
"The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, UVIr.
Allison' in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of the President's annual message.
"Mr. Mcxgen obtained the floor.
"order op business.
"Mr. Scofield. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. AIl.vgln: j I move that the com-
mittee rise in order that tho House may make an
order that the business for the remainder of the day
be confined to debate only.
" Mr. Niblack. I suggest that that order can be
made just as well in Committee of the Whole.
" Mr. Scofield. I ask, then, unanimous consent
of the committee that the order be made.
"The Chaiemax. If there be no objection, it will
bo understood that the proceedings during the re-
mainder of the day shall be limited to general de-
bate in Committee of tho Whole.
" Mr. Faexswoktii. Iobjeet. .
" Mr. J t'dd. I move that the committee rise for
tho purpose of making an order in the House that
tho remaining portion of to-day's session shall be
devoted to debate alone, and that no further busi-
ness shall be transacted.
" The motion was agreed to.
" The committee accordingly rose; andtheSpeaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Allison reported
