1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of ihe United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
much of the fourth section of the act approved
July fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
" making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and for other purposes,"
as allows to persons in the naval service five
cents per day in lieu of the spirit ration, is
hereby repealed ; and from and after that day
iliirly cents shall in all cases be deemed the
commutation price of the Navy ration.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That from
itiid after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy, the pay of all officers of
the Navy now on or' hereafter placed on the
retired list shall, when not on active duty, be
equal to one half of the highest pay prescribed
by this act lor officers on the active list whose
grade corresponds to the grade held by such
retired officers respectively at the time of such
retirement, and no officer, heretofore or here-
after promoted upon the retired list, shall, in
consequence of such promotion, be entitled, to
any increase of pay. And retired third assist-
ant engineers shall continue to receive the same
rate of pay they have received up to the time
of the passage of this act; and the grade ot
third assistant engineer on the active list is
hereby abolished.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That no
officer of the Navy shall, because of miscon-
duct, be placed on the retired list; but he
shall be brought to triul by court-martial for
such misconduct; nor shall any heutenaut-
commander, lieutenant, master, ensign, mid-
shipman, passed assistant surgeon, passed
assistant paymaster, first assistant engineer,
assistant surgeon, assistant paymaster, or
second assistant engineer be placed on the
retired list, except on account of physical or
mental disability.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, lhatthe
pay of an officer of the Navy, upon his ori-
ginal entry into the service, except where he
fs required to give an official bond, shall com-
mence upon the date of his acceptance of his
apoointment; but where he is required to give
such bond his pay shall commence^upon the
date of the approval of his bond by the proper
authority : thathereafter the increased pay of
a promoted officer shall commence from the
date he is to take rank as stated in his com-
mission; but if an officer of a class subject to
examination before promotion shall be absent
on duty, and by reason of such absence, or of
othev cause not involving fault on his part,
shall not be examined at the time required
bylaw or regulation, and shall afterward be
examined and found qualified, the_ increased
rate of pay to which his promotion would
entitle him shall commence from the date when
be would have been entitled to it had he been
examined and found qualified at the time so
required by law or regulation; and this rule
shall apply to any cases of this description
which may have heretofore occurred. And in
every such case the period of service of the
party, in the grade to which he was promoted,
shall, in reference to the rate of his pay, be
considered to have commenced from the date
when he was so entitled to take rank.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That any
officer of the Navy on the active list below
the grade of contmonder, who, upon exam-
ination for promotion, shall not be found pro-
fessionally qualified, shall be suspended from
pioijootiou lor one year, with corresponding
of date, when lie shall be reexamined,
tii.d in case of his failure upon such reexamina-
tion, ho shall be dropped from the service.
Si:e. 9. And be it further enacted, lhat no
I .roniouon to the grade of lieutenant com-
'.-ride- on the active list shall be made until
!he number in said grade is reduced below
ei<'iiiy ; and thereafter eighty shalj be the num-
ber allowed bylaw on said list; and when the
number of lieutenant commanders shall have
been so reduced, section five of the "act to
define the number and regulate the appoint-
ment of officers in the Navy, and for other
purposes," approved July twenty-five, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, shall stand repealed.
And as the number of lieutenant commanders
is reduced,the number of lieutenants shall be
increased, until the number in the grade of
lieutenants ou the active list shall be two hun-
dred and eighty, which shall thereafter be the
number of lieutenants allowed by law on said
list.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That the
number of masters and ensigns on the active
list authorized by law is hereby fixed and estab-
lished at one hundred in each grade ; and en-
signs shall hereafter be steerage officers, unless
assigned to duty as watch and division officers ;
but this shall not be construed as vacating the
commission of any master or ensign now in the
service.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That,
until the number of passed assistant paymas-
ters shall have been reduced below thirty, there
shall b e no promotion to that grade, nor any
appointment to the grade of assistan t paymas-
ter ; and after such reduction shall have taken
place, the number in each of said grades shall
not exceed thirty in the former and twenty in
the latter.
Sec. 12. Andbe it further enacted, ihattne
students in the Naval Academy shall hereafter
be styled cadet midshipmen; and they shall
be selected and appointed as prescribed in the
eighth section of the "act to amend certain
acts in relation to the Navy," passed March
two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and
shall be subject to the laws applicable to the
students at said Academy, and receive the pay
therein prescribed ; but this shall not be con-
strued to authorize the appointment of cadet
midshipmen from among boys enlisted in the
Navy. When cadet midshipmen shall have,
passed successfully the graduating examination
at said Academy they shall receive appoint-
ments as midshipmen, ranking according to
merit, and may be promoted to the griide of
ensign as vacancies in the number allowed by
law in that grade may occur.
Sec. 13. Andbeit furtherenacted, lhat all
of a naval officer who died in the United States,
or expenses for travel to attend the funeral of
an officer who died there be allowed; but when
an officer on duty dies in a foreign country the
expenses of his funeral, not exceeding his sea-
pay for one month, shall be defrayed by the
Government, and paid by the paymaster upon
whose books the name of such officer was borne
for pay.
Sec. 18. Andbeit further enacted, That the
Superintendent of the Naval Observatory be,
and he is hereby, authorized to contract for
the construction of a refracting telescope of the
largest size, of American manufacture, at a cost
not exceeding fifty thousand dollars; and the
sum of ten thousand dollars is hereby appro-
priated in part payment therefor.
Sbc. 19. And be it further enacted, That all
acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this act
are hereby repealed.
ArPEOVED, July 15, 1870.
acts or parts of acts authorizing the appoint
uieut of temporary acting officers in the Navy
be, and the same are hereby, repealed, except
as to assistant surgeons.
Sec. 14. And be il further enactcd, lhat
summary courts-martial may be ordered upon,
petty officers and persons of inferior ratings by
the commandants of navy-yards, naval stations,
and marine bairacks, in the cases, under the
regulations, anil with the effect provided for
and specified in the "act to provide amove
efficient discipline for the Navy,'' approved
March two, eighteen hundred and hfcy-five.
Sec. lo. And be it further enacted, lhatthe
"joint resolution to facilitate the settlement
of accounts of disbursing officers,^ approved
March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
shall not be construed to apply to disbursing
officers of the Navy ; but such officers s.nul
render their accounts as the same were ren -
dered before the }f&ssago of &nid resolu-
tl0Sr.c. 10. And be u further enacted, That the
chiefs of bureaus in the Navy Department *,ial
be entitled to the pay of commodores on shore
duty, and, if retired from said ohice by reason
of age or length of service, to the retired pay
of that grade.
Sec. 17. And be it further enactea, lhat
expenses incurred by any of&cer of the jNavy
for medicines and medical attendance shall not
be allowed unless tliey were incurred wuen he
was on duty, and the medicines could not have
been obtained from naval supplies, or the
attendance of a naval medical officer could not
have been had : mt shall any fuiiera* expenses
Chap. CCXCVI.— An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Current and Contingent Ex-
penses of the Indian Department and for
fulfilling Treaty Stipulations with various
Indian Tribes for the year ending Juno
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
and for other purposes.
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Mates of America, in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purpose of paying the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment and fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes.
For pav of clerk to superintendent for Cali-
fornia, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For temporary clerks to superintendents,
six thousand six hundred dollars.
For pay of sixty-four interpreters, as follows:
twenty-one for the tribes in Oregon and the
Territories of Washington, Utah, and Isew
Mexico, at five hundred dollars each ; thirty-
six for the tribes elsewhere, at four hundred
dollars each ; three for the Indian service in
Utah, at five hundred dollars each; one for the
Shosliones and one for theUtahs, at one thou-
sand dollars each; one for the Sisseton and
Wahpeton bands of Sioux, four hundred dol-
lars ; and one for the Sacs and Foxes of the
Mississippi, now in Tama county, Iowa, four
hundred dollars; in all, twenty-nine thousand
two hundred dollars. ,
For buildings at agencies, and repairs ot
same, ton thousand dollars.
For vaccine matter and vaccination of Indi-
ans, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For presents to and provisions for Indians,
ten thousand dollars. _
For actual necessary expenses incurred, ana
that may hereafter be incurred, by officers ot
the Indian department in the rescue of pris-
oners from Indian tribes and returning them
to their homes, and for expenses incident to
the arrest and confinement within the territory
of the United States, by order of such officers,
of persons charged with crimes against the
Indians, five thousand dollars. _ _
For contingencies, including traveling, inci-
dental, current, and contingent expenses ot
superintendents and agents, and of their offices,
thirty-eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For improvement of farms on which Apaches,
Kiowas, and Comanche:? are located in the
Indian countiv. and for the support of schools
among them, and other beneficent purposes,
to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, twenty thousand
dollars. , , .
For this amount, or so much thereo. as may
be necessary for the subsistence of the Arapa-
hoe, Cheyenne, Apache, Kiowa, and Comanche
