8630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
whether the law creating this mission has ever
been repealed ?
Mr. DAWES. There is no law creating any
of these missions.
Mr. BANKS. Oh, yes. I
Mr. DAWES. None except the law of
appropriation bills from time to time.
Mr. WOOD. Ibegthe gentleman's pardon;
there is a law creating all these missions.
Mr. DAWES. The President opens diplo-
matic relations with any Government whenever
he can get an appropriation for that purpose.
It is left with him, as one of the high preroga-
tives of the Chief Executive, to open or close
diplomatic relations with any such Government
until Congress shall interfere.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER. I entirely agree with the
views suggested by my colleague from New
York [Mr. Cox] in respect of the propriety of
abolishing entirely all these diplomatic agents,
and whenever the opportunity offers to put
an end to the entire foreign diplomatic list I
shall be ready to support its abolition. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
tells us that weaend ministers to foreign nations
in order to aid ns in our commercial relations
with those nations. But I do not understand,
sir, that the ministers to England, or to France,
or to Austria, or any other great Power are
of advantage in the development or perfection
of our commercial relations with those coun-
tries. Certainly they have none of the sub-
ordinate duties, the every-day transactions of
commerce to deal with. We send out for that
purpose agents called consular agents, who
discharge, and are competent to discharge,
every duty of that kind that is required. And
when an occasion for a special commercial
treaty arises, a special envoy for that purpose
has usually been sent.
Now, so far from foreign ministers not being
required, as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts suggests, at capitals where visitors from
this country congregate, I should be glad to
know where else they are so much required.
Pray, what real duty do our ministers discharge
that is of advantage to the American people,
except so far as they receive and entertain and
facilitate those of us whom they receive and
assist when we go to foreign capitals? That
they do not generally do even this very hand-
somely is not their fault, because we do not !
give them the means of doing it in a manner
creditable to this greatcountry; and inasmuch
as they cannot do it very well, and inasmuch
as I do not think it at all necessary to the dig-
nity of the country that any representatives
shall be kept abroad merely for the sake of
those of ns who travel abroad, I repeat that I ;
shall be ready whenever the occasion offers to i
vote for the entire abolition of all our stand-
ing diplomatic agencies.
Indeed, I would like to know of what other
earthly use than this, which the gentleman
from Massachusetts disregards the foreign min-
isters of the present day can be ? In medi-
eval times each king sent a representative
to dwell at the other Courts, because he could
not otherwise tell what might be doing there. ;
Weeks or months elapsed in those days with-
out communication between nations. And 1
armies might be raised and an invading force
be got ready to descend upon a nation before
it would even be heard of. To prevent this, ;
and to facilitate and protect its citizens, each j
State kept its representative at the capital of 1
other States as a sort of guard and lookout. I
But no minister to France or to England, or
to any other important nation, can now giv«
ns here any information of what those coun-
tries intend. The telegraph each day lays
bare the movements of nations to each other
as they take place, and the real utility of such
agents of the Government seems to me to have
therefore utterly ceased.
But if a minister is to be kept up anywhere
out of the country, either for the convenience of
oar people who may be visiting there or from any
ideas of national dignity or courtesy, then, of all
places, the place to keep a minister is Itome.
There our citizens gather each year in crowds.
There is the capital of that great temporal and
spiritoal Power whose influence reaches to the
remotest portions of the earth. There is the
head of that church to which a larger portion
of our people belong than to any other one
denomination; and npon every ground of
courtesy and of facilitating our own people—
the only grounds upon which foreign min-
isters seem to be maintained at all—it is to
Rome, if anywhere, that a minister should be
sent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] with-
draw his amendment? I will renew it.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. FERRISS. I object to the withdrawal
of any amendment. Let us do some voting.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I move
to amend the amendment by increasing the
total amount appropriated by this paragraph
to $148,000. I do this for the purpose of say-
ing that I think the argument of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] developed
the real sources of the objection to this prop-
osition when he said that his resistance to it
was because of the fact that Rome was a spir-
itual Power. That is the whole secret and
the whole source of this opposition, and I am
glad to have so frank an avowal made by him.
He does not hesitate at all to vote for an
appropriation to send a minister to Turkey, a
Power under the authority of the Moslem,
which is almost altogether a spiritual Power,
which is quite as much a spiritual Power aa is
Rome, and which is governed as much (if not
more) by religious authority as Rome is to-day.
He snows by his very assertions and by his
actions that in point of fact he prefers the
Moslem to the Christian; that Turkey is to
him preferable to Rome. And I have no doubt
that is the whole source of the opposition
which I am sorry to see has sprung up on the
other side of this House to the authority of
Rome, because it is a spiritual Power. Sir,
Rome is a temporal as well as a spiritual
Power. There is more business done with the
city of Rome through the arts and the artists
of this country than there is with Costa Rica
and several other countries to which minis-
ters are sent; more perhaps than with Greece,
and qnite as much as there is with Turkey.
Now, let me beg the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who represents the
Puritan element in this House, from which
element alone springs this opposition to send-
ing a minister to Rome—let me beg of him to
do as I do myself, throw by my religious edu-
cation and look to higher motives and impulses
than that which he has laid down for hisaction
in this House. Sir, it is of the highest im-
portance to the arts and to the artists of this
country, as business people and as business men
alone, that we should encourage emigration
to and immigration from, and constant repre-
sentation at the city of Rome. It is the head-
quarters of arts and of artists. There Is noth-
ing in which this country is more destitute than
in artistic tastes and in developed artistic tal-
ent ; and those arts which the great city of
Rome alone nan afford, the beautiful pictures
of Raphael and of other immortal painters, the
beautiful sculptures in the galleries of Rome,
will inspire the artists of our country and en-
able them to produce those beautiful objects
of art by which, in the course of time, if the
taste of our countrymen is cultivated, they
may become the rivals of those who have con-
ferred honor upon other countries.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I regret very much, Mr.
Chairman, that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] has seen fit to reply to objections
made to the proposed amendment to this bill
by imputing to this side of the House any
desire to persecute Rome on account of the
peculiar religious notions entertained by the
See of the Papal States. It was unworthy of tho
gentleman. Instead of making such an appeal
as that to passion and prejudice, instead of
making any such bid as that for the rotes of any
religious sect in America, he would have done
well to have told this House and the country what
occasion there is for any other representative
of this country at Rome than that which ia
already provided by this bill. This bill makes
an appropriation for a consul at Rome, and that
answers at once the suggestion of the gentle-
man that there is in this bill any intendment
even to Btrike at that people on account of
their peculiar religious faith.
Rome, Mr. Chairman, needs no particular
eulogy at the hands of gentlemen who suppose
that that particular religious sect supports the
Democratic organization of this country ; for,
sir, recent events have shown to reflecting men
that that power itself is no longer a unit, and
cannot be. The syllabus recently uttered by
the head of that organization is a declaration
of principles which, I venture to say, the gen-
tleman from New York himself dare not in-
dorse and go home among his people. It is
an attempt to fetter the freedom of conscience;
it is an attempt to fetter the freedom of speech ;
it is an attempt to fetter the freedom of the
press; it is an attempt to strike down the ris-
ing antagonism to every despotism on the face
of the earth, in the form of representative
government, foremost among the exponents
of which is America, the child and the hope of
the earth's old age. Talk to me at this era of
history about Rome being the " patron of sci-
ence and the mother of arts I" Why, sir, of
that genius that makes the marble wear the
divine beauty of life there is more to-day in
living America than was ever dreamed of in
Rome, living or dead. Why, then, talk at this
day about dignifying that little principality with
a resident minister from America? Do not gen-
tlemen know that in the light of the teachings
of that foremost of all the men bred in the faith
of the church of Rome (and I admit she has bred
many great and noble men, who knew how to
make humanity itself beautiful even amid the
terrors and tortures of martyrdom,) uttered a
word when under the ban of Charles V, and
Leo X, and Henry VIII, which reverberates
to-day all over Christendom ; I refer, sir, to
the Augustan monk who found out for himself
and proclaimed to mankind the great central
truth which to-day possesses the enlightened
mind of the nineteenth century, that no mitered
head may, of the grace of God or of divine
right, interpose its dark shadow between man
and his Maker. By that word Martin LutheT
became the liberator of the human race; it
made the immortal period of human history,
the reformation, the insurrection of the human
mind, against the despotism which for centuries
had enslaved it. Under the omnipotent power
of that utterance every tyrant, whether in Roma
or out of it, holds to-day the reins of power with
a tremulous and unsteady hand; and the day
is not far distant when every throne of power
shall turn to dust and ashes before the con-
suming breath of the enlightened opinion of
the civilized world, which declares for free
fovernments, free churches, free schools, free
tibles, and free men. .
The CHAIRMAN. The question is- upon
the amendment to the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will with- ■
draw
Mr. FERRISS. I object to its withdrawal.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I.suggest to
my colleague that he is only losing time by
objecting. , ,
Mr. FERRISS. I object to the withdrawal
of any amendments. ;
The question being taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, it was not agreed to. '
