4574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
ship, or for mere fancy. The result was that
there was a large increase, an enormous increase
of correspondence.
But, Mr. President, will that increase go on ?
I say no. To-day postage is higher in England
by from one half to three fourths of a cent than
it is in this country. Two cents in England arc
equal to three and a half cents here to-day in
the price of labor, provisions, material, service,
and everything that enters into the cost of life.
Mr. CONKLING. And purchasing power.
Mr. MORTON. And purchasing power of
money, so that the postage in England to-day
is equal to three and a half cents, as compared
with ours.
Mr. President, what would they gain in Eng-
land now by bringing down the postage from
a penny to a halfpenny? They have discussed
that question there. It has been proposed there
as here. What would they gain? They think
they wonld gain but very little. They have
brought it down to a point where, reducing it
below that point, they gain but little.
What was the Senator's argument in favor
of keeping postage at one penny in England
and bringing it down to one cent in this coun-
try ? He said that this was the lowest unit of
coin. That is the argument—a mere phrase,
a verbal argument that amounts to nothing.
Why, Mr. President, the halfpenny in England
is as well understood as the whole penny.
There are more halfpennies in circulation in
England than there are whole pennies; and if
the price of postage were brought down to a
halfpenny in England it would be just as easy
to make change and as perfectly understood as
if it was a whole penny. Then to say that we
can make it one cent in this country because
one cent is the lowest unit of coin is a mere
argument of phraseology, and there is nothing
in it at all. The question of what postage
should be depends upon what it costs the Gov-
ernment to carry the mail and to provide post
offices and postmasters, and not upon what
may be arbitrarily the lowest unit of coin. That
amounts to nothing. It is a phrase that strikes
the ear, but proves nothing. Why, sir, if they
could carry the mail in England for a half-
penny, the convenience of computation and
of making change and perfect understanding
would be fully equal to the whole penny. 1
propose, therefore, to .dispose of that argument
right here. There is nothing in it.
Wow, Mr. President, we have brought post-
age down to three cents in this country. As
compared with England it is far cheaper than
the English postage. Our routes on the aver-
age are six times as long as they are in England.
Our expenses are far greater in every way than
they are in England, and we have au annual
deficit of $5,000,000 on the average. When
you abolish what is called the franking privi-
lege there may be money saved by it. I am
not now arguing that question, but the most
that is paid into the Post Office in the form of
stamps in consequence of that is to be taken
out of the Treasury by way of appropriations,
so that the deficit will be the same; it will be
§5,000,000. Now, sir, the annual receipts of
the Post Office are $18,000,000. Take off one
cent from the postage and you take off $0,000,-
000; add that $6,000,000 to the $5,000,000
andyou have a deficit of $11,000,000, to be paid
out of the taxes on tea and coffee, and upon
everybody, in order that we may have two-cent
postage, cheap postage. Now, I submit this
question to the Senate, and I should like to
hear the argument of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts upon it. We have brought postage
down from twenty-five cents (when it was a
hardship for a man to pay postage) to three
cents, until everybody, the poorest, those who
receive the least wages, can send letters, and as
many as they want to send, and they do not
feel that the charge is at all onerous.
Mr. SUMNER. How is it with the widow
with a pension of eight dollars a month and
with children?
Mr. MORTON. I will answer that question
right here. I would ask the Senator in that
case how many more letters the widow will
probably send when she has to pay but two
cents postage, instead of paying three cents, as
she nowpays? Will the number of letters from
widows even be increased one per cent.? No,
sir; and I undertake to say that, take the coun-
try through, take the mass of the whole busi-
ness of the country, by putting down postage
from three cents to two cents, while you throw
away one third of the receipts of the Govern-
ment, you will not increase the amount of corre-
spondence one per cent., one letter in a hun-
dred. The Senator from New York suggests
that it will not be perceptible either way. I
agree with him. We have come down to that
point where the reduction of a third will not
affect the amount of correspondence one per
cent. Therefore, what shall we gain by throw-
ing away the $6,000,000 of receipts? We shall
gain two cents postage on an increase of one
per cent.; one more letter in a hundred. 1
think that is a liberal estimate; and yet it is
upon arguments of this kind that we are asked
now to impose additional taxes upon this peo-
ple to the amount of $0,000,000, for wliat?
For a theory run mad ; that is all.
The argument that because when you bring
down postage from twenty cents to three cents
you increase the amount of correspondence,
therefore you are going to increase it equally
when you bring it down from three cents to
two cents, is a thing that will not be realized,
will not bo computed in the common business
of the country. We can all understand that.
When railroad fares are very exorbitant per-
sons can not travel, except upon important busi-
ness; butwhen they are brought down to a low
.point, so that the companies can live and make
a reasonable profit, the business is increased;
you have put it in the power of every man to
travol who wants to travel for pleasure or busi-
ness; butwhen you have got it to that point,
by putting it down thirty-three per cent, more
you do not add one percent, to the amount of
travel.
1 will take an illustration cxactly commen-
surate to that in reference to English postage
with regard to travel between hero and Balti-
more. Suppose the railroad fare from Balti-
more to Washington was twenty dollars, a man
could notafford totravel,toeometo Washington
except upon important business; lie could not
for mere pleasure, or for curiosity, or for some
trifling cause; but when you put it down to
$1 50, if he has any business at all of any
importance, or if be has any means at all, or
any curiosity, he can afford to come. Then
put it down from $1 50 to a dollar, and you
may increase the business a little, you may
increase it one per cent., perhaps, but there
is no such increase as there was before, when
you put it down from twenty dollars to $1 50.
There is a point below which you get no in-
crease ; you lose revenue, but you gain nothing
by it; and that is the precise point we are at
now.
Whenever our postal revenues are brought
up so as to make this a self-sustaining Depart-
ment, perhaps we may then bo able to reduce
the postage to two cents; but while there is
an annual deficit of five or six millions, the
proposition to diminish postage one third, and
make that deficit eleven or twelve millions,
I regard as being fraught with the rankest
injustice to the people.
Talk about paying postage out of the Treas-
ury and having postage free! The Senator
from Massachusetts sitting nearest me [Mr.
Wilson] last night denounced it as anti-repub-
lican. I say so. There could be nothing more
unjustthau that. What is the argument in favor
of free postage ? It is the diflusion of knowl-
edge. Well, sir, traveling diffuses knowledge.
There is nothing more instructive to a man
than to travel, instructive to those whom he
meets and instructive to himself; andyou might
just as well argue that the Government should
pay the fare in order that people may travel.
If that argument is good it would_ justify the
piiuting of newspapers at the public expense,
justify the doing of everything that tends to
diffuse knowledge.
Now, sir, letter-writing is carried on chiefly
on account of business ; it is carried on for
business, and for friendship, and for love and
marriage, and a thousand things that may be
important to the writer and not important to
the public at large, and those persons who do
the writing ought to pay the expense of it, and
not ask the people at large to do it.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. THUltMAN. I believe it has never
been denied that two cents letter postage would
pay all the expense of carrying the letters. The
letters have paid not only the expense of their
carrying, but they have paid a large proportion
of the expense of carrying printed and other
matter. 1 think my friend will find upon ex-
amination that two cents will pay the trans-
portation of a letter from San Francisco to
Portland, in Maine.
Mr. MORTON. If we simply carry letters
the Senator thinks two cents would pay that.
I do not think it would. I think that the carry-
ing of newspapers—and that is the opinion of
the Department—adds but very little to the
general expense. You have got to carry the
mails the same distance; but if you have to
carry matter free, which is the more important
of the two—newspapers for general informa-
tion, or private correspondence that is only
important to the parties it is sent to and sent
by? There is the point. If we are to have free
matter of any kind carried, rather let it be
the newspapers that are full of general public
information, and not simply private correspond-
ence, important only to the parties themselves^
If the Senator wants to put down the price
of letters and then put such postage upon news-
papers as will supply the deficit, that is another
proposition. But the proposition is not to
increase the postage on newspapers, that is to
be left just where it is now, but to diminish
the postage on letters. Where, then, is the
expense of carrying the newspapers to come
from? To come out of the Treasury of course.
That is the argument.
Mr. President, the people are not asking for
reduced postage at this time. They do not feel
that the present rate of postage is heavy.
Business men do not feel it. They make no
complaint of it. It is cheaper here than it is
in any other country in the %vorld. The labor-
ing men do not complain of the rate on thefew
letters that they send. They do not feel it as
a burden. It is brought down to that point
that whether it is three cents or two cents will
make but very little difference to them, and
they ask nothing on the subject. But, sir, by
putting it down to two cents it will have the
effect to impose a large burden upon the Treas-
ury.
Senators compare the Post Office Depart-
ment to the common schools, and to the War
Department, and to the Navy Department.
There is no comparison between things that
have no points of resemblance ; and these have
not. So far as letters are concerned they are
carried for the convenience and benefit of the
parties writing and receiving them, and as a
kind of business. There are those who think
that the Government ought not to carry letters ;
that it ought to be left to the express compa-
nies, or private companies, just like carrying
goods. I have read able arguments of that
kind for several years past. But I think it im-
portant that the postal system should be under
the direction of the Government. But, still, it
is business for the people, and those who send
letters should pay the expense, and not those
who do not send them. Here is a business
man. His postage is, perhaps, $1,000 a year.
He makes money out of it. He has extensive
commercial relations all over the country. The
proposition is, that he shall not be required to
