1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. As regards Ken-
tacky I beg to say that the Governor of the
State does commission each Representative, or
rather issues his certificate, which amounts to
a commission.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The Governor has no
power in the premises. By our action we have
misled the Governor of Kentucky. The Gov-
ernor transmits the certificate of the secretary
of State. The secretary of State acts in that
regard merely as the clerk of the board of can-
vassers. I think the Governor of Kentucky
should not be censured for his action. He is
merely occupying in this case neutral ground,
as his State sought heretofore to occopy neu-
tral ground on important questions. He says
he will not interfere, and very properly so;
for it is none of his business whether we retain
Mr. Golladay here or excuse him. My own
opinion is that Mr. Golladay has not resigned
bis seat in this House. He has not tendered
his resignation to the House, and the House
has not accepted it. He is a member of this
body, as much as he ever was, and subject
to its jurisdiction. At all events, that ques-
tion ought to be settled. The honor and the
dignity of this House require that it should
be settled; and there is no better mode of set-
tling it than by a reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary. Then, let the committee
.report on the question, and let the House act
on their report. Instead of criticising the
conduct of any outside parties let us determ-
ine what our own course ought to be in the
premises.
Mr. BECK., Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. StoKEs] allow me one minute?
Mr. STOKES. 1 yield to my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Schbnck,] and will then yield to
die gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I have very
little disposition to add to what has already
been said upon this subject; but it does seem
to me that we are wandering about in a debate
in which some of us are running the hazard of
losing sight of the elemental fact which under'
lies our whole system of representative govern-
ment ; and it is that a Representative here is
not the Representative of the Governor of his
State; he is not the Representative of this
House; but the Representative of the constitu-
ency that elects him, under the law of the land,
to Congress. What relation, therefore, has the
Governor of the State to him ? He issues a cer-
tilieate. By what authority? By authority of
State law; but the State could just as well pro-
vide that the certificate should be given through
some other agency, and in some instances
they do so provide. The Governor is simply
the instrument in the hands of the law of the
State to give the evidence that the people of
the district have chosen this man to represent
them ; and when he has done that he is, as to
any relations he has with that Representative,
functus officio; he has done his duty as the
tool of the law, and he has no further control
over or right to control in any manner that
Representative. What then? The Represent-
ative desires to give up his agency. It is for
him to say whether he will or not; and when
he does it, it is customary to give notice to the
Governor or to give notice to the Speaker of
the House, and through the Speaker to the
House. But after all it is but notice of a pre-
existing fact. He has resigned and put an end
to his connection with his people as their Rep-
resentative, and he notifies the State author-
ities or this House of that fact. That does not
give validity to the resignation. It only makes
a record of it.
Now, then, so far as that resignation is con-
cerned, what does the Constitution provide in
regard to the Governor? That where a vacancy
happens in the representation of a State the
Governor shall issue a writ of election. There
the Constitution of the United States takes hold
of the Governor of the State and makes him
not a judge whether there is or is not a Repre-
sentative here, but makes him the instrument
of the Constitution to do acertain thing which
it prescribes. Suppose he refuses and the peo-
ple of the district elect a Representative with-
out a writ from the Governor to fill the vacancy
actually existing; can there be any doubt that
we would admit the Representative, notwith-
standing the contumacious Governor has not
done that which the Constitution required of
him? Has it not been so decided? I am unwill-
ing, therefore, to do anything, to resort to any
legislative action or any declaration here which
shall for a moment tend to imply that we regard
the Governor of Kentucky as having anything
to do with this matter. He is the instrument
of the law of his own State to give the certifi-
cate of election. He is the instrument of the
Constitution of the United States to issue a
writ of election; but he is a mere instrument
in either case; and it is nothis Representative,
but the Representative of the constituency that
sent Mr. Golladay here.
Suppose it were otherwise, and take this case
as an illustration. Mr. Golladay gave us no-
tice that he had resigned, ceased to be the
Representative of that constituency. The
record of that notice has been made upon our
Journal. Mr. Golladay has been away for a
week or thereabouts. Now, is the Governor
of Kentucky to "tell us whether Mr. Golladay
is or is not an absent member? And yet it is
a very important question who are absent mem-
bers of this House.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. The remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio seem to be based on
the idea that the Governor of Kentucky has
made a communication to this House which
is not the fact. I understand that the Gov-
ernor has made no communication whatever to
this House. His telegram was to Mr. Golla-
day and not to the Speaker of this House.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 understand that although
the communication of the Governor was to Mr.
Golladay, either by him or by somebody acting
for him, it has been communicated to this
Honse as the basis for some action here.
I was about to remark, Mr. Speaker, that we
have power even with less than a quorum to
compel the attendance of absent members in
order to keep up the business of the House.
Mr. Golladay has given notice to the House
that he is no longer the Representative of a
certain district in Kentucky. The House has
received it, and quietly made record of it. It
is, as I understand, entered on the Journal of
the Honse. No matter whether it be or not the
notice was given, and in consequence of that
notice he has been absent for a week or more
from the seat he had occupied in this House up
to the time of the notice. Now suppose there
had been a call of the House ordered when
there was less than a quorum present 
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
record of the Journal upon this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The Speaker laid before the House communica-
tions from Jacob S. Golladay and John T. Deweese,
respectively, notifying the House that they had re-
signed their seats as members of the House, the
former from the State of Kentucky, and the latter
from the State of North Carolina; which were sev-
erally laid on the table."
_ Mr. SCHENCK. That is but a confirma-
tion of what I said, that the notice has been
given, and that the notice has in its turn been
taken notice of by the House. The member
is away. Now, had there been a call of the
House in the interval, would it be for the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky to tell us whether there was
or not an absent member from that State when
the Speaker sent out his writs to compel the
attendance of absent members7 We, as the
judges of the qualifications and returns of
members of this House, and also of the absence
or presence of members from the sessions of
the Honse, would have the light to compel the
attendance of an absent member, caring noth-
ing what might be the opinion upon that sub-
ject of any Governor of any State.
Suppose it was otherwise. I have alluded to
the fact that the Governor, in giving the certifi-
cate which is but the evidence of the man's
election, is only the instrument of the law of
the State. In Michigan, as I understand, the
Governor does not act in the matter at all, but
the secretary of the State, acting upon inform-
ation derived from the report of the board of
canvassers, gives the certificate; and with that
certificate as his credential the member comes
here from that State. Therefore, if there be
anything in the argument made here, with the
same propriety we could not consider a mem-
ber from Michigan as having resigned until
the secretary of State for Michigan had con-
sented to it and notified the House of his con-
sent. Now, I want to throw aside everything
of that character, and come back to the simple
elemental fact, with reference to which I started
out in these remarks, that it is a question be-
tween the constituency and the Representa-
tive what shall be the relation between them,
and that other persons have simply to take
notice of the fact in order that they may act
accordingly. The Governor takes notice of the
fact in order that he may do his duty and issue
a writ of election ; and there is no other rea-
son why he should know it. This House takes
notice of the fact in order to know whether a
member is absent from its sessions with leave
or without, but, as I claim, has nothing further
to do with it. So that, keeping this elemental
principle in view, that the relation is one be-
tween the constituency and the. Representa-
tive, it seems to me we are all at sea when we
go wandering about to consider what are the
duties of the Governor or anybody else in con-
nection with the matter of the resignation of
a member of this House.
Mr. STOKES. I now yield to my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for a few moments.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say but a word or
two to the House, lest what I said a few min-
utes since might be misunderstood. The whole
question is one of fact. Has Mr. Golladay in
tact resigned? If he has, then he cannot get
back into this House. If he has not, then yon
ought to investigate the question. What did
he do? That is the question. He notified the
Speaker of the House in these words:
House of Representatives.
washington, February 28,1870.
Sik: I inclose you a letter herewith tendering my
resignation to the State of Kentucky as a member
of Congress from the third district.
Very respectfully,
J. S. GOLLADAY.
Hon. Jahes G. Blaine.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman take
notice that the same entry is made in the case
of Mr. Deweese?
Mr. BECK. I do not care what entry is
made in the case of Mr. Deweese. That is
what Mr. Golladay did, and that is all he did.
The Speaker caused that letter to be read, and
Mr. Golladay is not responsible for any entry
that was made on the Journal or elsewhere in
his case. That is what he did. Is it a resig-
nation? If it is, he is no longer a member of
this House ; if it is not, he is still a member.
If in the judgment of the House the letter of
Mr. Golladay, stating, "I inclose you a letter
herewith tendering my resignation to the State
of Kentucky," was a resignation, then he i3
out. But when that paper was sent to the
Governor he refused to receive it, and Mr. Gol-
laday took it back. It requires two to make
a bargain. Mr. Golladay did not tender his
resignation to this House. If he had done so,
and the House had accepted it, I agree with
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] the
Governor would have had nothing to do with
the question. But Mr. Golladay did not tender
his resignation to this House, and this House
did not accept it. He left his seat merely
awaiting the action of the Governor.
I agree with what has been said by gentlemen
on the other side, that Mr. Golladay does not
owe his place to the Governor of the State, and
the Governor does not assume that he does.
But when this House does not accept his resig-
nation, when he does not tender it to this
