5518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
modification of the provisions of law relating
to collection of taxes, and tlie management of
the department to which this duty is assigned,
a modification of some of the taxes which are
to be collected. There are other details, as the
House well understands, in relation to impost
duties'; taking from the present li3t of dutiable
articles a number of things and rearranging
the duties upon them, making for the most
part very considerable reductions, though in
some instances raising the duty, and adding
to the free list articles now subject to duty.
I think I have now reached that point where
the House and individual members feeling an
interest in particular subjects will be better
satisfied if, instead of passing over the whole
bill with its various amendments, I answer any
inquiries which may be made (one at a time,
as I said before) in relation to any particular
matter which has been the subject of this con-
ference. Members have the printed bill of the
House, together with the printed amendments
of the Senate. They know that a part of those
amendments have been concurred in. The
record shows what were not concurred in, and
this report disposes of those in regard to which
there were disagreeing votes. If there be no
special inquiry I shall move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to inquire whether
there has been any modification of the proposed
duty on Bessemer steel?
Mr. SCHENCK. That was not a subject of
conference by the committee. The history of
that matter might as well go to the world. The
Committee of Ways and Means originally re-
ported a duty of two cents a pound on Bessemer
steel rails. The House of .Representatives cut
down the duty to one and three fourths cent.
I had my own opinion upon the subject; and
when I introduced upon my own account this
which was called the " little tariff bill" I went
lower than the House did, and proposed one
cent and a half as the rate. The Senate re-
duced it to one and a quarter, and the House
the other day concurred in it. So that we had
nothing to do with the subject in the committee
of conference ; but I am glad the gentleman
* has asked the question, so as to bring out the
history of the matter.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would like
to make a few remarks in reply to the gentle-
man.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would prefer, iu the
first place, to meet any inquiries, and after-
ward yield for debate. However, if no one
wishes to make any inquiry, I will yield to the
gentleman now. How much time does he
want?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. About half
the time the gentleman himself has occupied.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will cheerfully yield to
the gentleman that much time, or even more
if he wants it.
conference committees.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Dawes, Mr. Beck, and Mr. Sar-
as the conferees gn the part of the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (Ii. R. No. 2165) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER also announced theappoint-
ninnt of Mr. Dickey, Mr. Lobax, p.nd Mr.
* Wasitouhk' of Wisconsin, as the conferees on
the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
2082) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending J ane 30,1871,
and for other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I must
ask to be excused from serving on this con-
ference committee.
No objection was made.
internal taxation t a iu v f
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
and for other purposes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I do not propose to detain the House with any
extended comment upon the bill now before
us, because both branches agreed upon many
of the main principles of .the bill before it was
sent to the committee of conference. The hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
estimates the reduction ofrevenuetobe effected
by this bill at $77,000,000. I was about to haz-
ard an opinion of my own as to the probable
reduction under the bill, making the amount
by no means so large; but after the astound-
ing news that comes to us this morning from
the other side of the water, indicating in all
probability a general European war, which will
greatly unsettle trade and commerce. I would
not hazard my reputation by venturing an opin-
ion upon the amount of revenue to be obtained
by this bill. Hence I forbear to reply to the
estimates or that part of the remarks of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio.
What I have to say on this point, however,
is what I said at an early period of the session,
that the revenues of the country, the enorm-
ous revenues of the country constantly and
unexpectedly increasing, demand of Congress,
with the facts then and now before us, if they
are not to be disturbed by a European war,
at least a reduction of $100,600,000, to which
the Treasury could well submit without any
danger of want of money to support the Gov-
ernment, or without any difficulty in provid-
ing for the interest on the public debt.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio, and
those associated with him on the high-tariff
side of this House, are not only very able and
ingenious men, but during the long period in
which 1 have occupied a seat on this floor, or in
other deliberative bodies—a period so long that
I must soon expect to retire from any active
participation in public affairs—I do them the
credit to say, I never saw private interests so
ingeniously and so well maintained as they
have been by the admirable parliamentary con-
trivances by which this bill has been engineered
through this and through the other branch,
the Senate, so the Representatives here have
never been able to record their votes, ay or no,
on any single item, The skillful engineering is
so obvious to all the members upon this floor,
who have never been able to give their votes
on these many items, that I will not delay the
House by any further allusion to it here.
Permit me, however, to say that by this
ingenious reduction of the tariff on tea, sugar,
coffee, spices, and on pepper, on almost every
other article, with only three or four excep-
tions, they have contrived to raise the existing
duties on tlie people and to levy additional
burdens throughout on the people of this coun-
try; and although I have not time to demon-
strate this fact in the period allotted to me, it
can and will be shown hereafter that, with the
exception of the articles I shall name, there
has been an increase in this tariff throughout,
from the beginning to the end—an increase
save on three or four unimportant items—and
thereby the burdens of the people have been
largely increased.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me call the gentle-
man's attention to the fact that there is an
exception, and that is in reference to a very
important article in connection with the agri-
cultural interests of the great West, and espe-
cially of the State I have the honor in part to
represent. The duty on hemp, one of the im-
portant interests of this country, is reduced,
and the duty is reduced under the provisions
of this bill thirty-three and a third per cent.
Mr. BROOKS, of NewYork. But hair pins
are there. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Hair-pins may make up
part of the deficiency; but they do not grow
on Missouri soil.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Iu demon-
stration of the iaets to which I ha.ve alluded,
let jne state to Jlie House what are the reduc-
tions on the tariff in this bill and what is the
increase. There is a reduction on tea, coffee,
sugar, pepper, spices, currants, prunes, plums,
brandy, opium, opium for smokiDg, and there
has also been a reduction on. hemp. These
are all the reductions, except on aniline dyes,
which I can find, after an examination of this
bill. With these exceptions there is an increase
throughout. On eyelets, on ultramarine; used
in printing calicoes and for coloring paper,
one hundred per cent. Wool on skins, which
will bo a damage to the woolen manufacturing
interest of the country; on flax hackled and
dressed, which will destroy some manufac-
turers in the country—on all these there has
been an increase. On pig iron there has been
a nominal reduction of the existing law ; but
the House, after much discussion, bad pre-
viously agreed to reduce the duty to five dol-
lars per ton, and by a decided vote, while here
in the bill it is left at seven dollars per ton.
The duty on scrap iron, especially on wrought
scrap iron, is increased in this bill from eight
to nine dollars per ton, and the definitions of
what shall be deemed scrap iron in this bill
raised the duty in price practically, although
there is a nominal reduction. There is a rise
of duty on sword-blades and steel railway bars,
and on all railway bars made in part of steel
or by the Bessemer or pneumatic process, as
the gentleman from Ohio stated. But, though
there is a reduction from the two ceints per
pound which he originally proposed, yet there
is an increase from forty-five per cent, ad
valorem to twenty-eight dollars per ton, and
this on an article the control of which is in
three trustees, who have the patents for twelve
years. The article costs now fifty-five dollars
per ton ; but probably through improved pro-
cesses of manufacture it will cost but forty-five
dollars per ton. Tbu3 the tax is heavilsun-
ereased on tlie great highways of the courrtry,
and ivhere every farmer ought to have the best
and cheapest rails for the transport of himself,
his family, and his children in safety, as well
as for the transport of his produce. The rise
is here forty per cent, on the previous rate on
a ton of rails, if costing forty-five dollars;
that is, from $20 25, the existing rate at forty-
five per cent, ad valorem, to twenty-eight dol-
lars per ton.
The duty on wire is enormously increased,
mainly for a large manufactory in Worcester,
Massachusetts. The increase of duty on that
article, according to the best computation I
can make, will give a bonus of some three hun-
dred thousand dollars to that part of the coun-
try. We have quarreled even with lightuing
in this bill. We have defied the powers of
heaven, and attempted lo fetter it in the trans-
mission of intelligence and light and life through
the telegraph, by an increased duty on telegraph
wire. And not only upon telegraph wire, but
upon round iron in coils. The ingenuity of
those wire manufacturers has been such, and
their influence such with the committees of
both Houses of Congress, as well as with Con-
gress itself, that they have got the duty raised
even on crinoline wire, and on corset wire to
nine cents per pound and ten per cent, ad
valorem.
Even grindstones have not been loft out.
Somewhere or other, by some unknown in-
fluence, in some unknown quarter of the coun-
try, somebody or other has been enabled to
obtain an increased duty on the grindstones
by which we grind our grain into flour and
meal. Then our towns and cities have an
additional duty imposed on theirbuildmg-stone
greater than the Senate originally asked for.
The Senate asked for an increase of one dollar
per ton, and this committee of conference lias
raised it $1 50 per ton beyond what the Senate
demanded, and which the House refused to
concur in, by an entirely unanimous vote,
when the bill was before the House. We can-
not even build our houses without paying some-
body in Vermont or Ohioa bounty on a quarry.
Thete is an increase on sawed, dressed, or
