2686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
the treaty with Russia to be that all hemp and
all 1 ike articles shall be admitted at the same
duty. That is the fair, above-board interpret-
ation of that treaty ; and I never heard that a
special demurrer lay to a treaty with a friendly
nation—to a treaty with any nation, but espe-
cially a friendly nation.
Now, when it is said that the language of
the next paragraph, "on Manila, sun, and
other substitutes for hemp," will relieve us
Irotn our treaty obligations, I beg leave to
dissent, and fortliis reason: the word ''sub-
stitutes" is not used in the broad sense in which
it would be necessary to use it in order to get
ud of the obvious construction of this treaty.
Now, oakum rope, cable, and standing rigging
are a substitute for hemp rope, cable, and
standing rigging. They are as much a substi-
tute for hemp rope, hemp cable, hemp stand-
nig rigging, as Manila rope, Manila cable,
Manila standing tigging. And the use of wire
rope and wire standing rigging and chain cables
has done more to stop the importation of hemp,
and interferes more with the use of hemp, than
all other things put together.
It is not enough, therefore, to say "substi-
tutes." These are substitutes for hemp only
when they are used for the same purposes as
hemp. Being of the same fiber—that is what
makes the "like" under the treaty, and then
they come in competition with the treaty. Now,
if there is any Government on earth witli which
1 would be desirous of keeping the highest
degree of faith it is Russia. She has always
stood by us. By the iiat of her emperor more
slaves were liberated than have ever been lib-
erated by the fiat of any one man—ay, more
than were liberated even by this nation of ours
with all its power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. BECK. 1 renew the amendment pro
forma,. I am much obliged to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] for his con-
gratulations in regard to my being for a judi-
cious tariff for incidental protection. I repeat
what I said yesterday, that the whole protec-
tion we are asking on the article of hemp is
8 per cent., precisely what lias just been given
dressed flax, which is certainly not more val-
uable. It is a lower rate than any protection
given to any of the articles which you are pro-
tecting at all. Even under the low tariff of
1860 the average per cant- of tariff on dutiable
articles was l'J per cent., and on all articles
dutiable and not dutiable 14 per cent. This
tariff on hemp is only 8 per cent, on the pres-
ent price of Russia hemp, as reported by the
Secretary of the Navy in the letter read yester-
Qay, the price being, as he shows, 22 cents per
pound, or .$492 80 per ton of 2,2-10 pounds,
it has been $40 a ton, or 2 cents a pound, since
1842 to the present time, except for a very few
years after 1840.
Let me call attention to some facts in con-
nection with the Russian treaty about which
so much has been said heie, and about which
the Russian minister seems to be taking so
much pains to influence oar action. Flax stood
at $25 per ton in 1842 ; itslided down to $15,
wni at $15 in 18G1, at $15 m 1885, and is at
$15 now. Hemp, as I have said, was at $40
a ton in 1812, at $40 a ton in 1801, at $40 a
ton in 1805, and we propose to make it $40
now. Manila hemp was at $25 a ton in 1842,
ar, $25 in 1801, at $25 in 1863, at $25 in 18G5,
and is at $25 per ton now. It has been four
limes renewed at that rate, and it is proposed
i o make it $25 now. The treaty with Russia
was made in 1832, and these discriminations
have been made from 1842 up to the present
time. But the Russian Government has never
loiuplained in any official capacity until she
appears now to make complaint. Why did she
not complain in 1842 and during all the inter-
vening years, in 18G1 and 1803 and 1805? She
reserved her complaints until now, and now
she comes here with the two affidavits filed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Basks.]
In one of those affidavits a gentleman in
Boston certifies that Russian hemp has been
used and can be used for all purposes for
which Manila hemp is used, and a gentleman
from New York in the other affidavit says
that there is no commercial purpose for which
Manila hemp is used for which Russian hemp
is not and cannot be used. That is true, but at
the same time that they assert the truth they
suggest a falsehood by suppressing the truth.
If his affiants could truthfully go ou and say
that for all purposes for which hemp can bo
used Manila can bo used, then' he would
establish something of a similarity, but they
do not do that. Hemp being the superior arti-
cle can be used for all the purposes that Ma-
nila can. and that is all they say. They stop
there and seek to make the impression on the
House by suppressing the truth that Manila
can be used for all the purposes for which
hemp can, which is not true and they dare not
say so. When the Ilussian Government ha3
stood this discrimination from 1842 down to
the present time it is too late for them to come
before Congi-ess and raise a question about
similarity under the treaty. Questions have
been made in the courts asserting the violation
of this treaty by former tariffs; they have all
failed. Russia had had full notice of all the
faets, and the only excuse she now oilers for
her delay is that she did not want to light us,
as she might have done when our troubles in
1801 began, an adroit suggestion : hut, what
is her excuse for the delay from 1842 till 1801,
and from 1805 till now? The truth is she had
no just claim and never had.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. AXTELL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and I desire to call the attention of the
committee to the very extraordinary paper
which is published in the Globe as part of the
proceedings of yesterday. It seems to be an
intervention on the part of a foreign Govern-
ment, that of Russia, through its minister, who
comes here and, taking the privilege of the
Globe under the leave granted to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] is
heard upon the question under debate in this
Honse.
This is a diplomatic question which the Gov-
ernment of Russia could properly raise only
through the State Department. Arid yet we find
that she is heard here upon this floor ; and it
would perhaps lie worth while to see what is
the argument which she presents to this House,
sometimes called the lower branch ot' Congress,
why we should interpret a treaty, and why a
diplomatic question should be settled here. I
observe that the suggestions of this foreign
Power have been already kindly received by
one or two gentlemen, for in this paper intro-
duced by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] the chairman of the Committee
on- Foreign Affairs, we find this remarkable
paragraph :
" Without presuming to interfere in a question of
local and domestic interest, may it not be respect-
fully queried ttiatif protection must necessarily bo
extended to Kentucky hemp, why should it operate
solely against Russia hemp, and not against Manila
and other India hemps?"
For the very good reason—if we are to be
called upon here to explain to this foreign
minister—for the very good reason that wo can-
not produce Manila grass in this country : for
the very good reason that we have no grass of
that kind in our country, and we desire to fos-
ter a production of Kentucky and Missouri to
the advantage of our own country without ask-
ing his diplomatic advice in the premises.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
asked why Russia had not heretofore raised
her voice on this subject, or sent her minister
on this floor to dictate or direct our legislation.
This paper answers that question:
" If in 1861 the Russian Government did not protest
against this legislative act of Congress, or adopt
retaliatory measures, it was entirely in view of the
fact that tho United States were engaged in a civil
war whoso successful issue was nowhere more sin-
cerely desired than in Russia, and because his
Majesty tho Emperor Alexander preferred to sacri-
fice temporarily the commercial interests of his own
country rattier than to embarrass by the creation of
new difficulties those with which tho Federal Gov-
ernment had then to contend."
Russia compassionated us ; was unwilling
to assert her rights! Thank her for her tender
mercy in not retaliating upon us for any legis-
lation that wo chose to enact to govern our
own country, or to protect any of our interests!
I must call attention to another paragraph
in this remarkable document. Speaking about
the action of our honorable Committee of
Ways and Means, it says :
" Nevertheless, the new tariff bill reported by tho
chairman of tho Committee of Ways and Means to
both Houses of Congress, instead of remedying, ag-
gravates and perpetuates tho evil. Tho duty of $10
per ton on nnmanulaetured hemp is maintained,
with this difference, that tho word ' Russia' is struck
out, and that all other hemps are designated as 'sub-
stitutes' ior hemp.
"These mere lexical subtilties do not justify tho
flagrant infraction of tho treaty of 1832."
Now, " lexical subtilties" is good; [laugh-
ter;] " lexical subtilties" is highly diplomatic.
We shall progress somewhat in our raw Eng-
lish language out West if we will allow seats
upon this floor to these foreign ministers. We
may perhaps yet arrive to that nice perfection
in tho use of words which will enable us when
traveling abroad to take seats in the English
Parliament, or in Russia, and attempt to dic-
tate to them what their local legislation shall be.
But, sir, iu ail candor, this House is not the
place to interpret this treaty. We are not here
to be told that we should raise or lower the
duty ou any particular product because, for-
sooth, Russia lias not now the same reason for
compassionating us that she had in 1861.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I renew the amend-
ment. I do not doubt that the distinguished
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
will be fully competent to vindicate himself in
regard to the matter in reference to which his
course is criticised by thegentleman from Cali-
fornia. Without doubt, it is not improper for
us in our legislation here to look into any treaty
made by our Government for the purpose of
determining whether such legislation will or
will not infringe any of the provisions of that
treaty. I do not agree with my friend from
New York, [Mr. Wood,] that our Government,
through the treaty-making branch, has no po wet-
to enter into regulations with foreign Govern-
ments in regard to commerce. If it had not
that power, there svould be a great weakness
in our system of government. If we proclaim
to the world that the treaty-making branch of
this Government cannot make any binding
regulations in regard to commerce, that it can
make no concessions to other Governments in
that respect, then wc can expect none from
any Government whatever. It would be a great
delect in our Government if sucli a power did
not exist.
If a treaty has been solemnly entered into
with another Government, it is unquestionably
our duty in legislating here to look into it, for
the purpose of avoiding any violations of its
provisions. As to the question that has been
raised upon this treaty, I do not propose to enter
into the discussion. I will leave that to others,
although I have the treaty with Russia of
1832-33 now before me. The word "like" does
not mean "identical." I admit, however,that
there is some difficulty about this question;
and I am inclined to think that Russian hemp
so far differs from Manila and sun hemp that
they should not bo regarded as articles of
"like character," in the sense in which that
language is used in this treaty. But into that
question I do not propose to go. If it is a
question of doubt, however, then, in the inter-
est of commerce and as a matter of courtesy
to a friendly nation, if no evil is to result to
our own country, this treaty ought to be inter-
