1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729.
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Ssss.
For fourth of ten installments of second
series, for the purchase of provisions and to-
bacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, and third article of
treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, six hundred and sixty-seven dollars
and sixty-seven cents.
For fourth of ten installments of the second
series, for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and third article treaty of seventh May, eight-
een hundred ar.d sixty-four, six hundred and
sixty-seven dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For fourth often installments of the second
series, for pay of two farmers, per third article
treaty May seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, three hundred and thirty-three dol-
lars and thirty-three cents.
For sixteenth of twenty installments of an-
nuity in money, per third article treat}' of
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred
and fifty five, twenty thousand dollars.
For twenty-fourth of twenty-six installments
to be paid the Chippewas of Mississippi, per
third article treaty of August second, eighteen
hundred and forty-seven, one thousand dol-
lars.
For third of ten installments for the support
of a school or schools upon said reservation,
in accordance with third article of treaty of
March nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, four thousand dollars.
For third often installments to be expended
in promoting the progress of the people in
agriculture, and assisting them to become self-
sustaining, in accordance with third article of
treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, six thousand dollars.
For third of ten installments for the support
of a physician, in accordance with third article
treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For third of ten installments for the purchase
of necessary medicines, in accordance with
third article of treaty March nineteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, three hundred
dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuities and provisions for
Chippewas of Mississippi, in accordance with
sixth article of the treaty of March nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi, Pillager, and
Lake Winncbayoshish Bands of Chippewa
Indians.
For seventh of ten installments to furnish
said Indianswith ten yoke of good work oxen,
twenty log-chains, two hundred grubbing-hoes,
ten plows, ten grindstones, one bundled axes,
(handled,) twenty spades, and other farming
implements, per fifth article treaty May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the pay of two carpenters, one thousand
eight hundred dollars, and two blacksmiths,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; four farm
laborers, two thousand four hundred laborers;
one physician, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars; and medicine for the sick, five hundred
dollars, per fifth article treaty May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, seven thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
For this amount, to be applied toward the
support of a saw-mill, to be built for the c_om:
mon use of the Chippewas of the Mississippi
and the Red Lake and Pembina bands of Chip-
pewas, as per sixth article of treaty of May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For pay of services and traveling expenses
of a board of visitors, to consist of not more
than three persons, to attend the annuity pay-
ments to the Indians, and to inspect the fields,
buildings, mills, and other improvements, as
stipulated in the seventh article, treaty May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, not
exceeding anyone year more than twenty days'
service, at five dollars per day, or more than
three hundred miles' travel, at ten cents per
mile, four hundred and eighty dollars.
For pay of female teachers employed on
the reservations to instruct Indian girls iu
domestic economy, one thousand dollars.
^Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake Winnebago-
shisli Bands.
For sixteenth of thirty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten)
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixiy-six cents.
For sixteenth of thirty installments of annu-
ity in goods, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, eight thousand dollars.
For sixteenth of thirty installments for pur-
poses of utility, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, four thousand dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for
purposes of education, per third article treaty
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
Chippewas of Bed Lake and Pembina Tribe
of Chippewas.
For this amount as annuity to be paid per
capita to the Red Lake band of Chippewas,
during the pleasure of the President, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and second article sup-
plementary to treaty twelfth April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount to the Pembina band of
Chippewas, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per same treaty, five thousand dollars.
For seventh of fifteen installments for the
purpose of supplying the Red Lake band of
Chippewas with gilluig twine, cotton matter,
calico, linsey, blankets, sheeting, flannels, pro-
visions, farming tools, and for such other use-
ful articles, and for such other useful purposes
as may be deemed for their best interests, per
third article supplementary treaty of twelfth
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, eight
thousand dollars.
For seventh of fifteen installments for same
objects for Pembina band of Chippewas, per
same treaty, four thousand dollars.
For seventh of fifteen installments for pay of
one blacksmith, one physician, who shall fur-
nish medicine for the sick, one miller, and one
farmer, per fourth article of same treaty, three
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For seventh of fifteen installments for the
purchase of iron and steel, and other articles,
for blacksmithing purposes, per same treaty as
above, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For seventh of (ifteen installments, to be ex-
pended for carpentering, and other purposes,
per same treaty, one thousand dfliars.
For seventh of fifteen installments, to defray
expenses of a board of visitors to consist of not
more than three persons, to attend the annuity
payments of the said Chippewa Indians; each
member of the board to be paid not more than
five dollars per day, for not more than twenty
days' service, and ten cents per mile for not
more than three hundred miles travel, three
hundred and ninety dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, and iron and steel for
blacksmiths', for the Chippewas of lied Lake
and Pembina tribe, three thousand dollars.
Choctaws.
For permanent annuity, per second article
treaty sixteenth November, eighteen hundred
and five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light
horsemen, six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of black-
smith, per sixth article treaty eighteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty, ninth arti-
cle treaty January twentieth, eighteen hundred
and twenty-five, and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eight-
een hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth
article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron and steel,
per ninth article treaty twentieth January, eight-
eon hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth
article of treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred and twenty
dollars.
For interest on three hundred and ninety
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and ninety-two cents, at five per centum per
annum, for education, support of the govern-
ment, and other beneficial purposes, under the
direction of the general council of the Choc-
taws, iu conformity with the provisions con-
tained in the tenth and thirteenth articles of the
treaty of twenty-second June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, nineteen thousand five hundred
and twelve dollars and eighty-nine cents.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians in
Middle Oregon.
For first of five installments, third series, for
beneficial objects, per second article treaty
twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, four thousand dollars.
For eleventh of fifteen installments for pay
and subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fourth arti-
cle treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for pay
and subsistence of one physician, one sawyer,
one miller, one superintendent of farming
operations, and one school teacher, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for sal-
ary of the head chief of said confederated
bands, per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty seventh August, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per sec-
ond article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen
hundred and two, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three
thousand dollars.
For permanentannuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth
article treaty twenty-fourth January,_ eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, eight hundred and forty dollars.
For permanentannuity for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
