1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3631
Mr. DAWES. I move pro forma, as an
amendment to the amendment, to make the
amount of the appropriation $40,000. 1 wish
to say to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] that if ho supposed it necessary, in
order to accomplish the purpose of his motion,
that he should misrepresent the ground of the
opposition to it, his object will perhaps be ac-
complished. I certainly based my opposition
upon no such ground as the peculiar religious
tenets of the Power to which a minister is pro-
posed to be sent. The gentleman from New
York, fearing, I suppose, that his motive in
making the motion might be misunderstood or
overlooked by those for whose benefit he made
it, has insisted upon trying to fasten on those
who oppose it some special antipathy to a par-
ticular creed.
The gentleman says that he has laid aside his
religious character in coming here and assum-
ing that of a Representative. Mr. Chairman,
1 have not found it necessary, in the course of
public duty which I have pursued here, to lay
aside any religious tenets that I may have enter-
tained. If the gentleman has found it neces-
sary to do so, the more is the pity. [Laughter.]
If any past political antagonism on his part
against the whole class of those who hold the
religious tenets about which he discourses so
zealously to-day has imposed on him a neces-
sity now to do "works meet for repentance"
I have the advantage of him in that respect. I
never belonged to any Know-Nothing organiza-
tion; I never proclaimed that it was demanded
by the genins or the safety of this nation to put
down foreigners or those of any particular reli-
gious tenets. Therefore I do not find it neces-
sary to lay aside my religions creed or to do
violence to the principles or theory of the Gov-
ernment in order to arraign any such absurdity
as that. I put it, sir, upon other grounds. I
do not care to compare this Power about which
we have been talking with the sultan of Tur-
key, however my friend over the way may find
it necessary to hold up to his constituents his
admiration of the religious tenets and his new-
born zeal for that religion.
Now, what I propose to consider is the reason
which lies at the bottom of sending a minister
anywhere and to see Whether it exists in refer-
ence to Rome. I think I stand upon no such slip-
pery ground, or live in no glass house in ref-
erence to Rome as renders it necessary for me
to proclaim any love for this old churcn or any
hatred for it now or at any other time in my
political life. It is because I do not find any
such necessity as that embarrassing me, I think
I can look calmly at this question of sending
a minister to Rome, and just as calmly as I can
look at the question of sending a minister
to England or the German States. It never
occurred to me, although my friend's religious
education was the same as mine, and although
he has the misfortune to have as much of the
Puritan in his blood and in his character as I
have; I say I have not found it necessary to
leave them and take in any new life, or any
new creed. I go according to what my ideas
may be of the propriety of sending a minister
to this city without any trembling or any appre-
hension whatever on that score.
tHere the hammer fell.]
Ir. COVODE. Mr. Chairman, I wished
to make a few remarks on this subject at the
conclusion of the speech of the gentleman from
New York, but I was then deprived of that
opportunity by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts getting the floor. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has answered him; ■ bat he has
not according to my judgment exactly done so
in the right way. The gentleman from Massa-
chusettsraysthat he never wasaKnow-Nothing.
Now, I wasa Know-Nothing, and when I was
taking my lessons in Know-Nothingism the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] was our
great head-center. [Laughter.] He was the
man who edited a paper to light us on the way.
He was after the Catholics then; but he has
got now into a locality where he wants Catholic
votes. I do not know why it is he has changed
so materially and taken sides opposite to those
which he formerly held in thus bringing up
this religious question here now in this country
by asking the establishment of this foreign
mission at Rome. I do not know, unless it is
because the great council ha3' assembled at
Rome and proclaimed to. the world the infalli-
bility of the Pope, and the gentleman from
New York wants to take shelter under his
wings and be saved hereafter. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. VOORHEES. I renew it.
Mr. FERIIISS. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move to amend by
making the amount $144,000. Now, Mr.
Chairman, as an evidence of the fairness with
which the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] nearly always conducts
debate on this floor, I desire to state that he and
every other gentleman here has heard the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] more
than once disclaim the imputation which the
gentleman from Massachusetts has just now
made against him. We have all heard him
declare that he never was a Know-Nothing,
and that he had never been in a Know-Nothing
lodge. The gentleman from Massachusetts has
heard this disclaimer from the lips of the gen-
tleman from New York no less than three times,
to my certain recollection. Yet he again brings
in that often-refuted allegation and still claims
credit for candor in debate.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] says he has not laid aside his religion.
If he brought any with him here of that kind
which the Saviour exemplified when on earth—
the religion of charity, kindness, forbearance,
and fair-dealing with his fellow-men—he cer-
tainly has not very strikingly exhibited it. If
he has any religion on this floor it must be
of that kind which he inherits from his ances-
tors who burned the witches of Massachusetts.
Not only that; bnt I presume he brings here
on his religious raiment the reflected glare of
the burning convents which the Know-Noth-
ings set on fire in his State in 1854 and 1855.
Sir, this is an outburst of the old Know-
Nothing spirit that tore down and burned con-
vents, sacked Catholic churches, and would
have tortured Catholics at the stake as readily
as in old times they burned the witches of New
England had they dared to have done so. It
shall go to the country that the Government
of Rome is not allowed a minister from this
Government because of its religious tenets, its
religious faith. It shall go abroad from these
Halls in order that the spirit of religious per-
secution and bigotry may be branded again by
the people as it has been in times past.
The declamation of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] did not at all surprise me. I
had no reason to believe that he had friend-
ship for Catholics, for Catholic churches, or
for the Catholic religion. I had no reason to be-
lieve that his heart was ever tender toward that
memberhood. I had no reason to believe that
his charity ever extended toward one of them
in suffering or in sorrow; that he ever wept
over one in chains and in misery; that he ever
obeyed one precept of Christ toward one of
that faith in pain and in distress. There is
nothing in his record or his history^ public or
private, that would lead me or any one else to
suppose that Catholics were ever objects of his
tenderness, charity, or kindness. Consequently,
I was not surprised to hear his fierce ana bitter
declamation against Rome.
And what is Rome? I care not whether she
is the seat of learning or the seat of empire.
I care not whether she is the seat of art, of
beauty, and of ancient glory now expired. She
is a Government upon this earth., And when
you single her out and make her an exception,
declaring that you will hold only inferior dip-
lomatic relations with her, it must be for a
reason. There is no reason in her past history.
It is so full of glory that the children at the
schools speak of it, and the venerable gray-
headed professors speak of it, and the learned
savans throughout the earth speak of her ancient
ranown. It*can be, in no respect, because of
the past that this exception is made. The
country of the Caesars and of Cicero certainly
commends itself so far as its history is con-
cerned. It is its present attitude before the
world, it is its religious aspect, that is assailed
here. And the American Government, if this
thing shall be done, will be pointed at in deris-
ion over the whole earth as sundering diplo-
matic relations with a Government simply
because of its religious faith.
Gentlemen on the other side may flatter
themselves that they have the negro vote of
this country to enable them to dispense with
the vote of the foreigner. In my own State it
is said, " Let the Irish go, let the Dutch go ;
we have the negroes in their place." Never
did that party love the foreigner, more espe-
cially the foreigner of the Catholic faith.
On the 1st day of April last, according to
the report of the Secretary of State, there were
seventeen American citizens languishing in
British prisons. If they were not Irish and
of the Catholic religion they would be rescued.
Your whole foreign policy is contemptible.
Your flag is not respected. As I speak here,
men who shed their blood for the Union, who
fought in all our battles, are serving out in
British prisons terms of ten and fifteen years,
because of words spoken on American soil,
because of no acts done within British juris-
diction. And here you sit doing nothing, and
your Secretary of State sits unmoved, and
your President, with all his military prowess,
is indifferent and does nothing to vindicate the
honor of the flag for which these men shed
their blood.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I think
that the learned gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Voorhees,] with all his gifts of intellect, might
have furnished some kind of reasons for chang-
ing this proposed appropriation from a con-
sulate at Rome to a resident minister other
than assuming that power which belongs aloue
to the Deity to sit in judgment upon my mo-
tives of conduct, public and private, in viola-
tion of the rules of this House and the rules
which ought to obtain among gentlemen. I
would like to know by what assumed author-
ity or by what conferred authority, whether
he derives it from Rome or elsewhere, the
gentleman undertakes to say that I never felt
for the Catholic any of that charity, which is
the divinest of all the graces. Does the gen-
tleman propose to-day to constitute himself
a father confessor ? Does he propose to-day
to assume to himself the functions of Peter,
and to clutch in his hands the keys which
are to open or to shut for me the gates of
deliverance? There was nothing that was
uttered by me on this occasion, nothing that
has ever been uttered by me on any occasion,
no vote ever given by me that justified any such
imputation or any such intimation. Without
making the slightest boast about it, I beg leave
to say that it was my good fortune, as it was
doubtless the good fortune of the gentleman
himself, to be reared in the belief that men
should help one another. I am not aware
that the poor were ever turned away from my
door empty. I am not aware that I was behind
the gentleman, or any one else not influenced
by any mere personal considerations, when a
calamity swept over a large area of our com-
mon country, equal in extent to the State which
I have the honor in part to represent here, to
send succor and relief to the sufferers, without
inquiring whether they were of my religious
belief or not, whether they were of my political
faith or not.
I took occasion to say, when I spoke upon
this question before, that I repelled for myself,
and for those that I represent, the assertion
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr,
