730
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy
dollars.
For permanent annuity for the pay of a
wheelwright, per eighth article treaty twenty-
fimrth January, eighteen hundred and twenty-
six, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, six hundred
dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars for purposes of education,
per sixth article treaty seventh August, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel of shop, three hundred
and seventy dollars.
For wagon-maker, six hundred dollars.
For education, one thousand dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations, two
thousand dollars.
For interest on seven hundred and seventy-
five thousand one hundred and sixty-eight
dollars, at the rate of five per centum per an-
num, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, under provisions
of third article treaty June fourteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, thirty-eight thou-
sand seven hundred and fifty-eight dollars and
forty cents.
For this amount to be expended in the re-
pair of the mission school building, near the
Arkansas river, one thousand dollars.
For the fulfillment of the provisions of the
third and fourth articles of the treaty with the
Creel; nation, concluded June fourteen, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, from the proceeds
of sales of lands to the Seminoles, to be ap-
plied pro rata on the several amounts awarded
and approved by the Secretary of the Interior,
one hundred thousand dollars, payment to be
made to each claimant or to his or her heirs
in person.
Crows.
For second of thirty installments to supply
male persons, six hundred in number, over
fourteen years of age, with a suit of good sub-
stantial woolen clothing, consistingof coat, hat,
pantaloons, flannel shirt, and woolen socks, as
per ninth article treaty of May seventh, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight, eight thousaud
four hundred dollars.
For second ot thirty installments to supply
each female, seven hundred in number, over
twelve years oi age, with a flannel shirt, or the
goods necessary to make the same, a pair of
woolen hose, twelve yards of calico, and twelve
yards of cotton domestic, as per same article,
eight thousand four hundred dollars.
For second of thirty installments to supply
three hundred boys and three hundred and fifty
girls, under the ages named, such flannel and
cotton goods as may be needed to make each
a suit as aforesaid, together with a pair of
woolen hose for each, as per same article, five
thousand five hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments, to be used
by the Secretary of the Interior in the purchase
ot such articles as from time to time the con-
dition and necessities may indicate to be proper,
the sum of ten dollars for each Indian roam-
ing, one thousand souls, as per article, ten
thousand dollars.
For construction of an agency building, as
per third article of the same treaty, one thou-
sand dollars.
l'or building a residence for phvsician, as
per same article, one thousand dollars.
For the construction of five buildings, for
carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller, and en-
gineer. as per same article, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For pay of physician for two years ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, as per tenth article same treaty, two thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments for pay of
teacher and furnishing necessary books and
stationery, under seventh article same treaty,
three thousand dollars.
For purchase of seed and agricultural imple-
ments for those who have selected lands and
intend in good faith to cultivate the soil, as
per eighth article same treaty, five thousand
dollars.
For pay of carpenter, miller, engineer,
farmer, and blacksmith, five thousand two
hundred dollars, as per tenth article same
treaty.
For first of ten installments, to be used by
the Secretary of the Interior in the purchase
of such articles as from time to time the con-
dition and necessities of the Indians may indi-
cate to be proper, the sum of twenty dollars
for each Indian engaged in agriculture, nine
hundred and fifty-three souls, as per ninth arti-
cle of the same treaty, nineteen thousand and
sixty dollars.
For first of four installments to furnish said
Indians with flour and meat, as per ninth arti-
cle same treaty, one hundred and thirty-one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For purchase of cows and oxen under same
article, eleven thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For first of three installments to be expend-
ed in presents to the ten persons of said tribe,
who in the judgment of the agent may grow
the most valuable crops, as per twelfth article
same treaty, five hundred dollars.
For pay of second blacksmith, iron and steel,
as per eighth article same treaty, two thousand
dollars.
For insurance and transportation of goods,
ten thousand dollars.
Delawares.
For life annuity to chief, per private arti-
cle to supplemental treaty twenty-fourth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to
treaty of third October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one hundred dollars: Provided, That
satisfactory evidence shall be shown to the
Secretary of the Interior that one of the chiefs
provided for by said private article is still alive.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value
of thirty-six sections of land set apart by
treaty of eighteen hundred and twenty-nine
for education, per Senate resolution June thir-
teen, eighteen hundred and thirty-nine, and
filth article treaty of May sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-aw [four,] two thousand three
hundred and four dollars.
lor this amount, to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to carry into effect the provisions
of the ninth article of the treaty of July four,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, with the Del-
aware Indians, by a division of money and
stocks held by the United States in trust for
them, between the twenty Delawares who have
elected to become citizens and the residue of
said nation, twenty-two thousand seven hun-
dred and fourteen dollars and twenty-five cents;
of which eight thousand nine hundred and
thirty dollars and sixty-nine cents shall be
deducted from the money credits of said
nation, and thirteen thousand seven hundred
and seventy-seven dollars and fifty-six cents,
to be taken equitably from their several kinds
of stock, shall be transferred to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and become the propertv of
the United States.
jy Wamish and other Allied Tribes in Wash-
ington Territory.
For eleventh installment on one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, under the direction
of the President, per sixth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six thousand dollars.
For_ eleventh of twenty installments for the
establishment and support of an agricultural
and industrial school, and to provide said
school with a suitable instructor or instruct-
ors, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
support of a smith and carpenter shop, and
furnishing it with necessary tools, five hundred
dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farm-
er, and physician, who shall furnish medicines
for the sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, four thousand six hundred dollars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For the second of five installments on ono
hundred and twenty thousand dollars, being
the third series, for beneficial objects, at the
discretion of the President, per fourth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural andindustrial school,
keeping in repair the buildings, and providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for pro-
viding suitable instructors therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fiftj-five, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths',
carpenters', and wagon and plow makers'
shops, and providing-necessary tools therefor,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
employment of two farmers, two millers, one
blacksmith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one cai
penter, and one wagon and plow maker, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, seven thousand four
hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mills, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures
therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital and providing the
necessary medicines andfurniturc therefor, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for pav
of a physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings required for the
various employes and furnishing necessary fur-
niture therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
pay of each of the bead chiefs of the Flathead,
Ivootenay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, fifteen hundred dol-
rs.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions to said Indiaus, per fifth
article treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen hun
drea and sixty-five, [fifty-five,] four thousand
dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary for purchasing and transporting
a saw and grist mill for the use of the Flathead
Indians at their agency at Montana Territory,
and for constructing the necessary buildings
