1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Georgia of tb« right under their constitution to elect
Senators and Representatives of the Stjiteof Georgia
in the year 1870; but said election shall bo held in
the year 1870, either on the day named in the consti-
tution of said State or sueh other day as the present
Legislature may designate by law.
Mr. ALLISON. Is that amendment pend-
ing?
The SPEAKER. That is the question which
is ready for the moving of the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment I have introduced suggests to tho House
the objections which I entertain against this
bill, except this: that I do object further to the
bill on the ground that such legislation is not
needful, that there is no occasion for any legis-
lation whatever touching the right of Georgia
to be represented in the Congress of the United
States.
Mr. Speaker, this bill, as it stands reported
by the committee, if it be adopted by the
House, has the effect of continuing the present
Legislature of the State for the term of two
years as to the house of representatives in
Georgia, from and after the passage of this bill
in 1870, and one half of the senate, under the
constitution of the State, for the term of four
years from and after the passage of this bill.
I think it has the further effect in law of setting
aside the present judicial officers of the State
of Georgia. They were elected as judicial
officers of the State; they were elected as
judicial officers under the present constitution
of the State; they were elected as such for a
term of years, commencing with the date of
their qualification in 1868.
This bill in effect declares that the constitu-
tion of Georgia never was operative. The same
remark might have been made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] touch-
ing the Legislature, but for the fact that the
Legislature is in session, that the Legislature
Las been "reorganized," to use the word of
the atet of Congress of 2'M of December last,
with the aid of the military commandant, Gen-
eral Terry ! The language of that act is, '' to
reorganize the Legislature." The words are
in the body of the act, and I ask the attention
of the House to them. That being so, it is
perfectly competent for the Governor, who is
also recognized in this bill as Governor of the
State, to continue in his office as "Governor
of Georgia" for four years from the day he
becomes so by this act of Congress, to wit,
from 1870. The fact I desire to impress on the
House is that this is an attempt to elect a Gov-
ernor by act of Congress for two years, for an
organized State of this Union, declared in this
bill to be organized and entitled to representa-
tion in Congress. It is a direct attempt by a
law of Congress to continue the official term
of the Governor of Georgia for two years longer
in the very teeth of the letter and spirit of the
constitution of the State. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] anticipated these
objections, and I thank him for the candor and
manliness with which he presented the question
"to the consideration of the House. He felt
the legal effect of this bill when he offered his
own amendment, which he has this day with-
drawn, that the present Legislature should not
continue longer than two years from and after
February last, nor the Governor for a longer
term than four years from February last. The
amendment preferred by himself was a con-
fession that this is the legal effect of his bill,
and it was an attempt to limit that legal effect
to two years as to the Legislature, and to four
years as to the Governor.
The gentleman did tell the House that there
is a provision in the constitution of Georgia
that the Legislature is to hold office for two
years, and until their successors be elected and
qualified. That is true. I accept it as true;
1 know it to be true; but the gentleman will j
please bear in mind, and the House will please i
bear in mind when they come to pass upon this '
great question, than which a more important j
question never was brought to the considers- >
tion of Congress, that the ancient canon of con-
struction, which this House cannot afford to
ignore, is that every word of written law must
have its- full effect given to it, if possible, in
its execution. I ask the House to consider
that rule in passing upon this question; I ask
the House to consider it when it votes. The
further fact to "which I ask the attention of the
House, touching this bill, is that it is provided
expressly in the constitution of Georgia, which
you affirm by the passage of this bill—if you
pass it—that the General Assembly shall be
elected "every two years," and that the elec-
tion shall be held on a certain day in Novem-
ber, unless the Legislature shall otherwise pro-
vide in the two years another day for the
election, by law. I desire to read the express
provisions of the constitution of Georgia upon
this subject in the hearing of the House. Art-
icle three, section one of the constitution of
Georgia provides that—
JI "The legislative power shall be vested in a General
j Assembly, which shall consist of a senate and house
| of representatives, and until otherwise directed; the
j members thereof, after the first election, shall be
: elected and the returns of the election made as now
i j prescribed by law.
I "Sec.2. The members of the senate shall bo elected
for four years, except that the members elected at
the first election from the twenty-two senatorial dis-
tricts numbered in this constitution with odd num-
bers shall only hold their office for two years. The
election of members of tho General Assembly shall
begin on the Tuesday after the first Monday in No-
vember of every second year, except the first elec-
tion, which shall be within sixty days after the
adjournment of this convention; but the General
Assembly may by law change the time of election,
and the members Bhall hold until their successors
are elected and aualified."
Mr. Speaker, "every second year" an elec-
tion shall be held. The members of the house
of representatives shall be elected "for two
years," and hold until their successors are
"elected and qualified." There stands the pro-
vision that the election shall be "every second
year," except the first election, which shall be
withiu sixty days after the adjournment of the
State convention. Now, sir, the point I make
to this House, and upon which I stand, is that
there is no room for any doubt on the subject,
that the Legislature of Georgia, while they may
change the day of the election every second
year, cannot by any legislation of theirs deprive
the people of Georgia of an election "every
second year." By the constitution of the State
the people are entitled to that election next
November, or some day before the 1st of Jan-
uary next, for the reason this is the second
year. By this constitution of Georgia the pres-
ent Legislature may change the day of the elec-
tion as prescribed, to wit, the Tuesday after
the first Monday dtf next November, to any other
day of the year 1870, but the Legislature can-
not repeal the words "every second year;"
neither can the Congress of the United States
repeal them 1
Air. Speaker, the words that follow—that
they, the members of the General Assembly,
shall hold office until their successors are
elected and qualified—are words of wisdom.
But, sir, those words stand with the other
words of the constitution, that their success-
ors shall be elected "every second year,"
either on the day of November named in the
constitution or on some other day in that'1 sec-
ond year," to be named by the Legislature.
Now, the position of the gentleman, assumed
here, touching this legislation, in the introduc-
tion of this bill, of their right to deny the peo-
ple of that State the right of an election " every
second year," necessarily and logically is this:
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler]asks this House by the passage of this bill
to declare substantially that the present Legisla-
ture of Georgia may make themselves the Legis- ;
lature of that State during their natural lives, i
If they may extend their term beyond " the
second year" named in the constitution of
Georgia they may extend it to the twentieth
year, or to the fortieth year, or to the fiftieth
year after the adoption of that constitution
and its approval by Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I feel the more justified in
stating this point so strongly from the fact that
there is a corresponding provision in the Con-
stitution of the United States, excepting the
words "that they shall hold until their suc-
cessors are elected and qualified." The Con-
stitution of the United States says, "the
House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year;" the
very same language used in the constitution of
Georgia—"shall be chosen every second year
by the people of the several States." Bat, sir,
there is another provision of the Constitution
of the United States, and that is that the Con-
gress may at any time by law make or alter
the regulations of States for the election of
members to this House.
Mr. Speaker, who ever supposed that it was
competent for a State to deny to the people
thereof the right of an election " every second
year" for members of Congress? It is no
answer to say that before you changed the time
for the first meeting of each Congress, when it
stood as provided in the Constitution, that the
meeting of Congress should be on the first
Monday of December in each year (unless other-
wise provided by law) some of the States
chose to fix the time of their elections after
the 4th of March, the beginning of the term of
Congress. That does not sustain any such
action as is attempted by this bill. Suppose
it had been provided expressly by the Consti-
tution, as you have recently provided by law,
that every Congress should assemble on the 4th
day of March, the day when its official term
commences or expires, can anybody suppose
that any State would be at liberty, under the
Constitution of the United States, to deny to the
people of each State the right of an election
"every second year" for members of Con-
gress?
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I desire to make
my argument to the House. Now, sir, I ask
the attention of members to the provision of
the Constitution of the United States which
declares that the Congress of the United States
may make laws for the election of Represent-
atives to Congress, or may alter the rulea and
regulations of the States on that subject The
language of the fourth section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution is this:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may, at any time, by law make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
Can Congress, under this provision, by law
deny to the people of each State the right to elect
members to this House "every second year?"
It is written in the Constitution of the United
States, the members of this House "shall be
chosen every second year by the people of the
several States." Now, the assumption of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
all the way through his argument—I intend to
deal fairly by him, and not to misrepresent
him—was that the present Legislature of Geor-
gia had the power under the constitution of
that State, which adopts the words of the Con-
stitution of the United States, " every second
year," to postpone an election indefinitely.
That I deny. Sir, although the language is
precisely the same in the Constitution of the
United States as in the constitution of Georgia,
"every second year," and although the lan-
guage of the grant of power to Congress is as
general in regard to the time of the election as
is the grant to the Legislature of Georgia, I
deny the right of Congress, either in making
an original law or in altering the State law, to
deny to the people of the several States the
right to an election of members of Congress
"every second year." If any gentleman in
this House has the courage to say that Con-
gress may deny this right of the people to elect
members to this House every second year, I
pray him to arise and say so!
