3832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Brooks] that this resistance to changing the
representative of the United States at Borne
from a consul to a resident minister was on
the ground of any hostility to the utmost free-
dom of religion in Rome or elsewlfere. I say
now to the gentleman, and I say it to every
gentleman who does me the honor to listen to
my poor words, that it is with me a conviction
as strong as knowledge, that religious belief, of
whatever character, ought to be tolerated, that
error itself " may be tolerated," in the words
of the foremost Democrat of America, "where
reason is left free to combat it."
1 did say something here, however, which the
gentleman has not seen tit to reply to, and I
challenge him here and now to reply to it, that
the syllabus but recently issued with the sanc-
tion and under the direction of the ruler, tem-
poral and spiritual, of the see of Rome strikes
at freedom of conscience, strikes at religious
freedom, strikes at the freedom of represent-
ative government, strikes at the right of the
people to establish and maintain for them-
selves a government—in short, strikes at all
the advanced and accepted ideas of the nine-
teenth century. I said then, and I repeat it
now, that 1 did not believe any gentleman on
the other side of the House would dare this
day to republish that syllabus and declare that
he accepted it as his creed, either moral or
political. I assigned.it as a reason, among
others, why, in view of this lact, that this sylla-
bus divides that ancient chnrch itself, arraying
against it some of the first intellects acknowl-
edging its authority, and to-day representing
tiiia country in that great council at Rome, we
should not consider it important to dignify
Rome at present with any higher representative
than a consul. And the gentleman makes that
an occasion for assailing me as having no
charity!
Let some one of that order of people who
acknowledge the obligations of this syllabus,
and who accept the dogma that now shakes
that organization from its center to its found'
ution, the infallibility of the visible head of
tbe church, say as much for the freemen of
America as I have said, that they have aright
to think for themselves and speak for them-
selves in-mattefs civil as well as religious. I
will uot do the gentleman the injustice to sup-
pose that he himself accepts auy such creed
for himself. I beg him to understand that I
will allow no man to impose any such creed
on me, and I trust that by the grace of God I
will have the manhood here and everywhere
to stand for those free principles' of intellect
and of conscience ont of Which has sprung this
last, greatest, noblest-empire among men. In
making the remarks I did I said what was
allowable to be said, I think, taking Care to
discriminate between the bigoted, fanatical
religious zealots of that church and the great
and gifted men who have adorned by their
lives, and adorned as well by their deaths,'
humanity itself.
That is what I said; and yet the gentleman
says that I have no charity. Why, sir, count-
ing myself the humblest being within these
walls, I have charity enough to know, what
has come to be understood by the intelli1
gent head and the living heart of men the
World over, that beneath the heavens there is
nothing so divine as humanity itself, whether it
be clothed in the faith of the Catholic or in the
faith of the Protestant. I beg leave further to
say to the gentleman that I have read the story,
and been taught it at my mother's knee, as he
doubtless has been, of that Divine Being who
has given to the world what is ere long to be
the acknowledged moral constitution of men
and of nations. I appreciate all His lessons of
humanity; I appreciate all his lessons of char-
ity, according to the measure of that reason
with which it has pleased the Good Father to
endow me; and I bow as humbly before all
•the teachings of Him who shed majesty over
the maftger and the straw as does the gentle-
man from Indiana. His remarks, therefore,
touching my' feelings toward any portion of
tbe human race were simply gratuitous, made
no donbt in the heat and excitement of the
moment, in the interests of party, and not in
that broad catholic spirit which usually char-
acterizes the utterances of that gentleman.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
on the amendment, and on the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. . I hope the amendment to
the amendment will be withdrawn, and 1 will
renew it.
Mr. FERRISS. I object to withdrawing any
amendment.
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask unanimous consent
that all debate upon the pending paragraph
may be closed in ten minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making the total amount appropriated
by this paragraph $141,000. I do not desire
to continue this debate, because I tliink enough
has already been said to demonstrate the mo-
tive which prompted the original amendment,
and the purpose of it as well as the occasion
for it.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voor-
bees] will have no personal discussion with
me; I have no personal defense to make to
anything he may have said. In reply to what
he hag said about my want of charity toward
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
I will barely say that I have, as he has said,
heard the gentleman from New York declare
on three several occasions that he never was
inside of a Know-Nothing lodge. I take that
to be so s I have always taken it to be so. But
it never altered the facts, nor does it now re-
quire a particle of modification of anything I
have said. The gentleman from Indiana knows
as well as does the gentleman from New York
that the gentleman from New York has been
an advocate of that political doctrine.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is not so.
Mr. DAWES. His paper was the organ of
the party, and while it was in power he en-
deavored to obtain all the benefit ha could
from it, and keep his head at the same time
out of the halter. And therefore it is that
whenever the gentleman has the opportunity
he makes haste to do works meet for repent-
ance.
In regard to the remarks of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Voobhees] about tbe State
of Massachusetts, the burning of convents and
the burning of witches, he may indulge in
them as much as he pleases; he will not pro-
voke me to make any reply in words. That
16 an old story, all worn out long ago. I pro-
pose rather to discuss the necessity of a min-
ister resident at Rome. I propose to pass
by all that gentlemen upon the other side feed
upon, the opportunity to make a little political
eapital with a particular religious sect. I
propose to put out of mind all that kind of
tflilk. But 1 ask the gentlemen to bear in
mind, although I do not suppose they care
anything about it, that Rome has shut us out
of religious worship according to our own
tenets within the walls of that city, and com-
pelled tbe American residents there to go out-
side of her walls to worship God according to
the dictates of their own consciences. I sup-
pose that is nothing to the gentlemen on the
other side; they do not care anything about
that. Any indignity which this Power may
heap upon American citizens because of their
religious sentiments does not wound the na-
tional pride of my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Voorheks.] He rises above all such consid-
erations.
Mr. COX. Let me say a word just here.
The statement of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts; about 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Massachusetts yield ?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; I do not.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman declines
to yield, and must not be interrupted.
Mr. DAWES. I am reminded also of
another matter, which, I suppose, instead of
wounding the national pjide of my friends on
the other side, is perhaps a reason why they
are so anxious to send a minister to Rome.
The fact that this Power took sides with the
enemies of our country in the late war, and
recognized the southern confederacy, is a fact
equally powerless, I presume, With every other
national consideration, to deter our friends on
the other side from renewing diplomatic rela-
tions with this Power, Such relations have
been suspended for years under a Democratic
Administration; but now, when we have come
into power, my friend from Indiana proclaims
aloud, " I propose to brand it upon the Re-
publican party that they refuse to do what was
not done in the last Administration, renew
diplomatic relations with this Power, and re-
fuses because of its peculiar religious tenets."
No advocate of this mission has placed the
matter upon the ground on which the continu-
> ance of our missions to other nations is based.
In support of this proposition not a word
has been uttered which would support the con-
i tinuance of any other mission. This whole
movement is based upon the prime motive,
which is too manifest, too transparent to de-
ceive for a moment the American people.
, Gentlemen on the other side will have the
benefit of this; and I do not desire to detract
an atom from any advantage they may expect
in that regard. I accord to them the entire
benefit which they seek. But for myself I pre-
fer a consistent, straightforward course without
regard to anything of that kind. When my
duty prompts me to introduce a proposition to
reestablish this mission I shall do so; while
! my duty requires me to oppose its reestablish-
ment I shall oppose it.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Chairman, I think
the House will bear me witness that I do not
! often seek the floor; and it is not with pleas-
ure that I seek it now. I think the House will
! bear me witness also that since my entrance
into the present Congress I have sought to
maintain kindly relations with my fellow-mem-
bers ; and I wish no one to suppose that I have
. desired to cast into the current of debate to-day
| an element of anger or bad feeling. But the
i gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] whom
| I know in his private relations to be one of the
kindest of men, forgets what he says when he
is on his feet. In his reply to me a moment
ago he forgot that in his first speech be stated
in the most scornful manner that we on this
side were seeking to make political capital; he
forgot that he had impugned our motives by
wholcs&lBt
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
, me—-
! Mr. VOORHEES. If it does not come out
j of my time.
■ Mr. BINGHAM. I do not want it to come
out of the gentleman's time.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Indiana yield ?
Mr. VOORHEES. I will, on the condition
that it shall not come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no power
to make such an arrangement.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I must decline to
i yield. In what I am now saying I speak in no
spirit of harshness toward the gentleman irom
Ohio ; but it must be remembered that in all
deliberative bodies where blows are given on
one side men are usually provoked to give
1 blows in return.
And what I said in regard to tbe gentleman
from Ohio I think is strictly true. So far as I
know his relation and dealings with the church
I of Rome and its members 1 have not raisrep-
" resented him. I said it with no personal un-
! kindness. I did not suppose for a moment that
; he would not be charitable and open-handed in
!' his gifts to the suffering. I know his private
I, relations to mankind too well, and he need not
