2688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
grows upon a tree and is called ivory, but it
has never been supposed to be convertible into
the tusk of an elephant. The truth is that all
this difficulty arises from the loose use of lan-
guage, in calling articles which resemble each
other by the same name. But, as I said before,
what I insist upon, so far as this item is con-
cerned, is that whatever you do with Manila
you should not cut down the duty on hemp,
which is very moderate, although I think the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is mis-
taken when he says that now it is only 8 per
cent. The gentleman has taken as a standard
the currency value in this country instead of
the foreign invoice valuation in gold. I find
that the valuation in March, 1868, was $175 60
per ton. The duty calculated on that would
be 22J per cent. This was the gold invoice
foreign valuation, and put, of course, as low
as it could be. In 1860 it was higher, and then
the percentage of duty sunk below 20 per cent.;
but it now stands, at the present price of hemp,
even computed according to the foreign stand-
ard, at probably about 18 per cent. Now, is
it too much to ask a duty of 18 per cent., or
something like that, on the highest invoice
price at which hemp has been quoted, on a
product of this kind, in which the West is in-
terested, when so much more is expected, and
even demanded, by gentlemen who represent
the products and various manufactures of the
East? I have always been willing, as a protect-
ive tariff man, to give fair protection and dis-
crimination in favor of the products of the East,
in favor of the products of the manufacturers.
But I declare that I shall be very much weaned
from that disposition if we in other parts of the
country are to be considered of no account at
all with reference to what we produce.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me a
word of explanation?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. .T wish to explain the grounds
on which I stated that this was an 8 per cent,
tariff on this article. It costs 22 cents per
pound ; there are 2.240 pounds in a ton ; this
will make the value $492 80 per ton. A tax
of S40 upon that represents an ad valorem duty
of just 8^ per cent.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will ob-
serve that we base our calculations upon the
'ow foreign invoice valuation in gold, while he
is speaking of the price of hemp with us, which
I admit is something like $500 a ton. But I
have stated that in 1868 it was imported at an
invoice valuation of $175 60 a ton, a duty of
$40 per ton being at that price equivalent to
an ad valorem duty of 22J- per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to say a word
or two on this question in reply to my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] Being a western
man myself, I should be very loath to take any
position which I thought would be injurious
to western interests. But I do not admit the
policy of legislating for purposes of protection.
I do not admit our right under the Constitution
to do so. I do not admit that that policy is in
the long run beneficial to any interest what-
ever. And more especially do I believe that
it is injurious to the West and to every por-
tion of the agricultural interest of the West.
This very tax upon hemp was the means by
which Kentucky was hitched on to the car of
protection a long time ago. I remember the
eloquent language of Judge Rowan, of Ken-
tucky, when forced by the prevailing sentiment
of his State to go against his own judgment,
that this was the means by which Kentucky
was to be hitched on to the car of protection,
by which the whole West would ultimately be
crushed and robbed. And this I believe to
have been the result. For this little protec-
tion, which has not in fact benefited Ken-
tucky, for her capital and labor engaged in
hemp-growing could have been employed in
other pursuits that would have been quite as
profitable and paid just as well—for this little
protection she has paid in taxes assessed upon
her by this protective system at least $100,-
000,000.
Mr. BECK. A tax of $40 a ton was put on
flax, an article which is raised in the gentle-
man's own State. Why did he sit in his seat
and not say a word while that was being done,
and be so much exercised now about a similar
duty on hemp ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I will say in reply to
the gentleman that I am not at all exercised
about the duty on hemp ; I am but expressing
my views about this whole system. I was not
in the House when the question of the duty on
flax was passed on. I am now speaking about
the effect of this whole system. I do not
intend to have any portion of the West dragged
into the support of this swindling protective
system if I can prevent it. I do not wish the
false impression to be made that wo are ever
benefited by it. I know the fact to be just the
reverse. 1 care but little what is done now
with this proposed duty on hemp; but as the
question was up for discussion I have felt it to
be my duty to express my sentiments in regard
to it. I believe that this tax has been a curse
to Kentucky; that it has been a curse to Mis-
souri and a curse to the West, by betraying that
section into an acquiescence in a most ruinous
system. These little duties upon hemp and
wheat and rye and barley and other articles
are used as an argument when we talk about
the manner in which the West is used by the
tariff system. We are asked, "Do we not
protect your hemp, your wheat, your rye, and
your barley?" Ail this protection is of no
use to us in the West. It is a means by which
the people of the West are deluded, befogged,
and misled. This is my judgment in regard
to it.
Sir, the agricultural interests cannot safely
enter into partnership in this way with the
capitalists of the country who are engaged in
manufacturing. It is the old story of the giant
and the dwarf who entered into a league to go
out to combat with all the evils of the world
and make war on all warlike combatants.
Tlroy had various battles, and the result was
that the dwarf each time was wounded and
maimed, and the giant carried off all the profits
and all the glory. It is so with this proposed
partnership between agriculture and manufac-
tures ; if there is ;i battle fought the agricul-
turists are each time wounded and maimed
and robbed, and the manufacturers get all the
profits and all the glory of the contests. This
was the result of the wool and woolen combi-
nation. The people of tho West, the agricul-
tural classes, ought to begin to understand this
thing, and my principal objection to this duty
is that it is one of the means by which the people
of Kentucky and tho people of Missouri, and
of the West generally, are deluded. For this
little protection of 8 per cent, they pay hun-
dreds of millions of dollars a year on their
clothing, on their salt, on their iron, on their
agricultural implements, on everything that
they are compelled to use. Thus it is with
the people of the entire West. That is the
means by which they are cheated and deluded
and misled, and it is for that reason that I
have felt it to bo my duty to get up here, while
a duty ostensibly for the benefit of a western
interest is before the committee, and say what
I have now said.
I do not care myself to press any particular
vote on this question. It is far from my pur-
pose to strike at or injure any industry. No
change can be made that will not affect some
interest. All those industries which are now
propped up and fostered by levying tribute on
the people will of course complain when the
protection is withdrawn. But this furnishes
no good reason for continuing an unjust and
oppressive system. I know that we should use
moderation and proper caution even in aban-
doning this system. We should avoid as far
as possible injury to any industry. But we
should never forget that there is but one road
to safety and justice, and that is to abandon
now and forever all legislation merely to foster
any class or section, and to return to the con-
stitutional principle of legislating purely for
purposes of revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. We have got round now
to the old story of oppression, and I hope the
committee will consent to stop debate upon
this'paragraph.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the gentleman will
allow me a few minutes.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire a few moments.
I have occupied only five minutes during this
entire debate on the details of the hill.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to say a word or two.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order, and debate is exhausted on the
pending amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Since I cannot have unan-
imous consent to close the debate I move that
the committee rise, and I will move in the
House that the debate shall close in fifteen
minutes.
Mr. BANKS. I want an opportunity to say
a few words.
Mr. SCHENCK. That will give the three
gentlemen an opportunity of being heard.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
Soofield having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Wheeler reported that the
Committee of the Whole on tho state of the
Union, according to the order of the House,
had had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 1008) to amend existing laws relating
to the duty on imports, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
tho consideration of tho special order all
debate on the pending paragraph in relation
to hemp be closcd in fifteen rpinutes after the
consideration of the same shall have been
again resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 now move that the rules
be suspended, aud the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being tho bill (IT. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate upon the pending paragraph must
close in fifteen minutes; and no further debate
is in order upon the pending amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I will renew the amendment
to the amendment for the purpose of saying a
few words. The gentleman from California
[Mr. Axtell] has alluded to a paper which I
presented during the consideration of this
question yesterday as having come from an
improper source, and as containing improper
statements. Sir, I presented thatpaper upon
my own responsibility, and not from the repre-
sentative of any foreign Government, and lam
responsible to the House for all that there isin
thatpaper. But there is nothing exceptionable
or objectionable either in the paper presented
or in the presentation of it. The question now
before this committee is not one merely of the
protection of hemp, but one in relation to the
construction of a treaty. I maintain that the
pending provision of this bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means is in direct viola-
tion of the treaty of this Government with the
