5520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Mr. MAYNA-BD. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that my people consume tea,
coffee, and sugar ; but they do not use much
Bessemer steel, or albata ware, or such things.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
roan's constituents are as much interested in
Bessemer steel as are my people. Every pound
of produce that his constituents send to mar-
ket, every ton of pig iron, every bushel oJF
wheat or oats, every pound of wool, every arti-
cle raised in Tennessee is decreased in value
by the addition to the fluty upon iron rails.
Gentlemen are the enemies of the agriculturist
when they enhance the cost of transportation.
They injure the farmer when they make it cost
liiin ten or twelve cents per bushel to send his
products to market, when, under a system of
cheaper duties, the cost would be but one half.
Mr. MAYNA11D. Thefarmers take a differ-
ent view of the matter.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. They do not.
The farmers of the West, the Republican farm-
ers, are rising en masse upon the subject of this
tariff'; aud the Republican farmers of the South
will soon send Representatives here who will
reflect, as in aucisut times, the voice and the
wish of the people there. The negroes of the
South will soon become so intelligent that they
will read for themselves the taxes imposed upon
their clothes, their shoes, their hats, their hoes,
their shovels, their spades, ay, even their spool-
thread, and will refuse to be longer deluded by
the votes given by some of their Represent-
atives.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, I propose
before the present hour expires to demand the
previous question, and if that be sustained, I
will, in the hour to which 1 shall then be en-
titled, afford gentlemen further opportunity to
be heard. I think this will be satisfactory all
round. I will inquire of the Chair how much
of the present hour remains?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman has twelve
minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. SCliENCK. Then the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] spoke, not as he
promised, half as long as I, but twice as long.
Mr. Speaker, I did not mean anything offen-
sive to the gentleman from New York when I
said what every one knows, that the speech he
has just, made is the same old speech ; and one
of my neighbors, agreeing in polities with the
gentleman, said he " always did like that
speech." Now, I never did like it. I liked
very much better the speeches which, years
ago, when the gentleman and I were in Con-
gress as members of the same political party,
lie and 1 used to make in favor of such a dis-
crimination in levying our revenue duties as
would at the same time protect the industries
of our country.
He has spoken of this bill as a triumph of
skillful engineering. His reference in that
connection may, perhaps, be taken as compli-
mentary to myself. But there was much rea-
son why there should be a resort to skillful
engineering. I understood perfectly well what
sort of opposition I had to encounter. I un-
derstood perfectly weM on every question con-
nected with the tax and tariff bills appeals
would be made to the passions and the preju-
dices and the ignorance of the country, where
ever there was passion, prejudice, or ignorance
to be appealed 10, aud we should have very
little like fair, square argument, founded on
facts aud figures; and therefore it became
necessary to guard against that kind of opposi-
tion. I knew perfectly well there were gentle-
men in this House, and 1 do not hesitate to
place the gentleman from New York in that
category, who would cry out as loudly as any-
body for a reduction of the taxes of the coun-
try, no matter how great the aggregate of
that reduction might be made, but who would
never lend a helping hand to do it. but inter-
pose obstacles and difficulties in every way for
fear credit might inure to a Republican Con-
gress. I am happy to believe every opposition
of that kind founded on such motive, or any
motive, is going to fail, and the people will get
that relief they ask.
What is the character of the gentleman's op-
position? He is great on hair-pins. He spreads
himself with eagle wings on eyelet-holes. He
is grand, if it comes to a coil of wire. Cor-
sets make him poetic. Now, sir, I apprehend
the people of this country have too much good
sense, when you go to them and show you
have taken something like $14,000,000 off
their sugar, over $2,000,000 off their tea, some
$9,000,000 off their coffee, some $2,000,000
off their spices, to turn round and complain to
you that you have put a few cents or a small
percentage of protection on some industry or.
material employed in the manufacture of cer-
tain articles or on some product of the soil.
We have been admonished by the leading
Democratic organ of the gentleman and the
gentleman's city that he is to traverse the coun-
try with hoes and gridirons, which are to be
presented on the rostrum, aud from them is to
be drawn the argument by which to teach the
people of the country how much they are op-
pressed. I apprehend the people of the coun-
try, and especially the farmers of the country,
understand hoes better than he does, and they
will look to see whether his bauds are horny
from the use of that homely agricultural im-
plement before they will believe much of the
sympathy in which lie indulges for them as
oppressed laborers of the country. He might
know much more about gridirons or frying-
pans, because it is not impossible he has
derived more comfort from those (ban ho ever
did from hoes.
I admit., sir, there are things in this bill I
am sorry to have there. There are some im-
have a great deal of it—but 1 feel as if the
time bad come when it was a, duty to character-
ize this kind of opposition so that the country
may understand it.
Now, take this article of hemp. I do not think
it should have beet  reduced from the present
rate of forty dollars per ton to twenty-five dol-
lars. Yet ii cannot work so great injury as
once it might have done to consent to that,
inasmuch as we took care to strike out the word
"Russia," retaining only the general term
"hemp," so as to remove the specific difficulty
and objection which some have insisted upon ;
aud still more, because at the time when the
heavier duly was imposed hemp was of much
greater value than ai:y of the substitutes for
that article. They were not then much in use ;
but in consequence of the introduction of iron
cordage and* wire hemp has gradually come
down m piice, having beea reduced at the same
time in the extent ot its use, while Manila and
other substitutes have gouenp in price and come
generally into use. lu some few instances, as
the records of prices in the Navy Department
will show, they have gone even beyond the price
of hemp. Therefore a rate of twenty-five dol-
lars is \ery much nearer the founer duty than
it would have been if forty dollars had been
imposed. I do not say this as meaning to state
that a reduction should have taken place, but
as explaining that nothing like the miscaief
could possibly come from it that at one time
was anticipated. Aud i wish the attention of
the House and the country to the fact that
while the gentleman makes a point on that
reduction of hemp, and sings his siren song of
; sympathy with the oppressed laborers of Mis-
j miuii and Kentucky, he knows that he himself
:h the gentleman from New York has been
lg his stand. I do not think that either
positions of tariff or tax a little higher than I j! did hall the work upbringing it about
think they should have been. There are things j| I do not want this Dill to be disposed of upon
where the tax has been reduced where no 1 any such narrow considerations^ as those ou
reduction should have taken place. ' ' '   *"  x u
The gentleman lias sought to make a point
on hemp, because it has been brought down to
a duty of twenty-five dollars per ton all round,
Russia and Manila alike. He has made an
appeal against this to the planters of Kentucky
and Missouri, forgetting all the time to say that
two of the conferees on the part of the House
overruled the third, and that he is not, that third
one who was overruled. It does not come with
good grace from the very man who went for that
reduction (and he knows whether he did or not)
to present an argument against his own work.
j He knows who resisted it to the uttermost;
. but this is of a piece in regard to fairness
i with pretty much all the opposition coming
j from that quarter against this bill, or like hills
! and measures.
which
taking
the Republican party or the Congress of the
United States, boasting of men desirous, as
we are bound to beiie\e the most of us of all
parties are, to do juel what is right hi regard
to this matter, can afibid to let the occasion go
by, when now alone we can succeed, if we can
succeed at all, in lightening the burdens of the
people. As to all these objections to partic-
ular tilings in the tarirf, if tii^re were time and
occasion, as there were 'luring the debates
some weeks ago, to meet the gentleman on
particular.-,, he could be so met, ami generally
it could be shown that where there has been
any blight raising of the duty it has been in
the nature of a xeadjustmeut of the tariff in
such manner as to take away anomalies. There
Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman from New j! have jpecn some instances m which a mauuiac-
York had been present when the mighty Union
Army was mustered in force to march triumph-
antly on their way to accomplish the great end
of putting down the rebellion his criticisms
and objections would probably have been of
the same character. He and others like him,
yoti remember, were always in favor of putting
down the rebellion, but never could find any
constitutional way or means for doing it.. As
| he passed along the line, therefore, of that
Army he would doubtless have found here a
I soldier with a crooked nose, th^re another with
I a squint eye, and another possibly with a red
j head or a limp m his gait, and he would have
said such defective material would never do ior
! lighting our battles, and would have insisted
j! that the whole should be disbanded and the
|| contest given up. He never would have risen
|| to the comprehension of the great and glo-i
ij ous character of that Army, as one vanned
jj whole, devoted to putting down a rebellion
j! which sought io destioy the country. And
1; here, when we bring forward a mensure by
j| which we seek to take seventy five '■: eighty
p million dollar;, at. least of burdens off tl.e peo-
|l pie of the country, the gentleman's seul is ex-
!| ercised about corsets and hair-pins. o.> ,','ioeh
Ii he declaimed so long that 1 h*<d :t l.-^gth—n<e
II as if my patience, were exhausted, bee&u-e f
tured article had less duty upon it than the ran
materials, and other instances in which an
article, for no good reason, had proportion-
ately mncti less duty on it than anytning else.
Nickel is one of these. It thought at one
time that nickel—its value and the power of
our country to produce it, not being then under-
stood  
[Here the hammer fell.]
1 ho SPEAKER. The- hour allowed the
gentleman has expired.
ilr. S0HEXCK. I move the previousques-
1' V s.
T!lvj previous que./ion v?as seconded aud the
• nLin question oidored ; which was on agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference.
The SPKAKES. The gent.ic man from Ohio
[Mr. 8oii£.\ck] is entitled to one hour to close
deoote.
Mr. SCIiENCK. 1 uh:* 11 not do ranch snore
than fimsh ihe tfeiuoace i ul'oriog when
the inUTrapnon took phiee. I was
of irekLd. xS'C-io! h;-s not herviouu-e had pro*
H'orot), isot\vhL^timdin<ruj! p -"ul;ar character,
c^riindcsi". to tprot^eUou given to othrr
Nickel is an exc^-d'n^y valuable
uifi'd by Its t-pp-'HiNomv*!;?. by the pound,
vv'ci^hc, li and as such, a d-uy of
any soit thsu be put upon it may seem to
