1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be higher than it really is, if gentlemen do
not take into account the value of the arciclc
itself. Now, valuable as it is it has not in the
bill now reported the duty of forty cents per
pound which was proposed by the House Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and agreed to by
the House, nor is it brought down quite as low
as the Senate proposes to make it. But we
agreed to a medium, compromising the differ-
ence, and made it thirty cents per pound; one
fourth less than the House originally passed
it. That is no great thing to complain of, and
gentlemen who wish low tariff rates ought to
commend the action of the conference com-
mittee, which resulted in taking one fourth the
duty off nickel^ which the House itself pro-
poses to put on it.
One other point, and I shall not detain the
House longer. The gentleman from New York
dwells much on the fact that we have changed
some of those duties upon particular articles
which the House by a unanimous vote non-con-
curred in when proposed by the Senate, and his
inference is that because the House non-con-
curred in everything that the Senatehad inserted
of that kind, the conferees on the part of this
House ought to have insisted, in obedience to
that unanimous instruction, in having them
struck out. Why, I do not like to call that
pettifogging, but I do say that no man knowing
as much as the gentleman from New York does
of parliamentary rules and parliamentary prac-
tice, can, except in the most desperate ease,
be thrown upon a style and form of argument
like that. It is one of the commonest things
to non-concur in everything. For what pur-
pose? That the House may stand out to the
uttermost against everything the Senate put
in? Not at all, but simply to keep open the
question for conference; aud so anxious were
those upon this side of the House, including
myself and all the members of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to non-concur in all the
amendments of the Senate, with a view to
modify and change them, that we did all vote
against them, on the motion of the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Cox,] to concur, and made that
vote unanimous. Even that gentleman admit-
ted that we were right in keeping the question
open, for he knew that would be the effect of
it, and voted against his own motion.
Now, sir, it is not worth while, I suppose,
before this body to dwell upon a point like
that. It is understood perfectly well here,
perfectly well by everybody connected with or
having knowledge of legislative proceedings
when there are differences of opinion and dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses. The gen-
tleman does not expect to make any capital
from it here ; but it is one of the hundreds and
thousands of little things, tubs to be thrown to
the whales at which they may be supposed to
butt their heads, which he deals in when he
attacks a tariff or almostany other Republican
legislation. Iiis object is to point to the fact
i hat the whole House of Representatives non-
concurred iu certain amendments of the Sen-
ate and afterward the committee of conference
agreed to some of those amendments, and
then to call down the reprobation and indig-
nant rebuke of the whole people of the coun-
try upon men who were so far forgetful of the
interests they represented as to give way to
that aristocratic body, the Senate of the United
States.
Why, I think if I had time I could mount
any stump in the country and make the gen-
tleman's speech. Where you are not partic-
ular as to facts, and are willing to run loose out
on the occan of talk, not debate, and appeal to
passion and prejudice rather than seek to deal
with strong, wholesome, sturdy arguments and
facts, it is one of the easiest things in the world
to make a speech on either side of any ques-
tion. And 1 have often thought that 1 could
make about as good a Democratic speech in
that line, if I chose to indulge my fancy, as even
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
himself. I might perhaps be withhold and
41st Cono. 2d Se&>.-—No, 34G.
restrained, and limp somewhat in the progress
of my efforts, under the oppressing conviction
that I did not mean a word of what I said. It
is possible the gentleman may sometimes be
troubled in that way; possibly not. I do not
know how that is. I ought in courtesy to him,
I suppose, to assume that he does mean just
what he says. But we have had it often ; we.
have had it long. I was even willing to have
more of it this morning; but I trust it will not
affect the action of this House.
I now yield to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] for ten minutes.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
SoHENCK]_at the beginning of his speech in
favor of this conference report was a little more
severe than he was at the conclusion of his
speech. During his speech he seemed to be
willing'to plant the red flag of war before the
House 
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh no ; not at all.
Mr. COX. He made his illustrations from
the deeds of the Union Army, as if he'would
force this report down this House by some
sort of power not connected with debate or
argument. His conclusion, iu which he refers
to the alleged-want of candor with which this
side of the House has discussed this matter,
is hardly in keeping with his usual courtesy,
for which the gentleman has deservedly won
a reputation during the long debate on this
subject. And now that the gentleman from
Ohio has won in this long debate, and is
going home to his people, and, if the public
press is to be believed, is about to decline a
renomination to Congress, I would send along
with him the good will of the House for hia
courtesy in allowing full debate on this sub-
ject, However, if he comes back to the next
Congress, I want it understood that all this
goes for nothing, and I take it all back.
[Laughter.]
The gentleman has referred to a motion I
made for concurring with the Senate on their
fifty-first amendment, which means I chose for
the purpose of obtaining a record of the House
of Representatives in favor of all the items con-
tained on pages 100 and 201 of the printed bill
of the House relating to the tariff. There was
a unanimous vote of this House in favor of all
that portion of the bill. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] says the conferees on
the part of the House have not backed out. I
toll this House, and the country will know it,
that in regard to various items in those pages—
iron wire in coils, telegraph wire, steel wire,
grindstones, finished grindstones, sand-stone,
granite, marble, and all that, hair-cloth, hair-
pins, buttons, swords, gun-wads, and all those
ilems, on which I drew from this House a unan-
imous voice, which was placed on record—the
conferees on the part of the House, speaking
for this whole body, backed down fairly before
the SeDate. Except on the article of hair-
cloth, which they modified somewhat in regard
to size, and on the article of telegraph wire,
which was stricken out in order to increase
the tax, that is the way the committee of con-
ference represented the unanimous voice of
this House.
The House will now understand why it was
that I sought to obtain a record of the House
unanimous on this side in favor of non-con-
curring in the Senate amendment. I did it
because I knew there would be some little trick-
ery and chicanery—legislative chicanery, I
mean—of course, by which the Senate would
got the advantage of the House on these meas-
ures, and because I wished to go before the
people with the moral effect of a vote of the
House of Representatives on this subject.
Now, the gentleman ai-gues hero that because
there is expected to be a reduction of some
$77,000,000 in the amount raised by tariff and
taxes, therefore this bill will commend itself to
the people, even to those called revenue re-
formers. Why, sir, unless all our argument is
wrong, (and it has not yet been properly dis-
puted,) what we complain of is not the mere
amount of money which goes into the Treas-
Ufy. n°t the mere collection of taxes under .the
tariff, for we have demonstrated here front
time to time,- and every protectionist believes
it, that what they are. after and: what we com*
plain of is that where under this system.onet
dollar goes into the Treasury hundreds of <Jol-:
hirs go into the pockets of monopolists outside.'1
This is what we mean, by "jobbing;" that is
what we mean to combat by an anti-protective-
policy; that is what-the people.will look: at
when they come to make up their verdict on an
appeal from this House to the eountry. ;
Now, Mr. Speaker,: granting, that there is an
apparent reduction of $77,000,000 in the rev-,
enue collected, it does not follow that the indi-
rect taxation of the people is reduced by this
amount. If this bill were against the interests
of protection, Pennsylvania would be voting
against it, which she is not.
Moreover, this bill is in some respects so
onerous that it reduces taxation by prohibi-
tions. By referring to the bill, page 105, I
think—I cannot go very much into details—it
will be found that on the article of spool cotton
the duty is increased from forty to seventy-three
per cent., which will operate- as a prohibition ;
thus reducing apparently the amount of tax-
ation by means of the tariff, but pouring money
into the already gorged pockets of the manur
facturers of that article.
This is but an illustration of the fact that
the bill does not reduce the taxation upon the
people. It does not matter to the people
whether the money which comes from their
pockets is paid to one person or to another.
If it be paid into the Treasury it helps-to
reduce taxation and lighten the burdens of the
people; but when the taxes levied upon the peo-
ple operate for the benefit, not of the Treasury
but of a favored class, this is a fact which the
people will note when the election comes, and
which will lead th§m to discriminate more
wisely on this subject than some gentlemen
here are disposed to do.
Let me refer to another item, on page 105,
the item of sandstone. I know that there
is a good sandstone quarry owned outside of
this country by Americans, gentlemen living
in my own city ; but because there happen to
be some pet quarries in the State of Ohio, a
tax of, I believe, one dollar per ton is put
upon this article in order to protect, a .few
men in Ohio against the importation of this
kind of stone. ;
The gentleman from Ohio may say that this
is an "old speech." But, sir, we must reiter-
ate these facts for the benefit of the people.
We expect to go out and report to the country
that although you ostensibly tried to reduce
taxation you failed in the main object; that,
substantially, you did not make any reduction ;
that as regards such articles as salt and coal,
upon which the people could at once feel a
reduction of taxation, and in reference to
which this House, by a large majority, if not
by a two-thirdsvote, has emphatically declared
in favor of reduction, so that the whole coun-
try has been led to believe we would adopt
some measure of relief, this House has failed
to meet .public expectation. The committee of
conference has proved a dead failure. The
chairmah now comes in and shakes the red
flag of war in our faces by an illustration
which throws no light upon the question, and
which has no, analogy to the' case in hand.
Sir, a month or two ago I introduced into
this House a joint resolution expressive of
what, in my opinion, the country demands iu
reference to this subject. It was a resolution
favoring economy in the administration of the
Government. Believing that $25,000,000 an-
nually is enough to pay toward reducing the
public debt, believing that $126,000,000 wilt
pay the interest upon that debt, believing that
the Government can be honestly administered
at an expense of not more than $100,000,000
a year, and believing, further, that wisdom and
justice call upon us to get rid of the corrupting,
