1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
438
this: if Virginia should change her State con-
stitution in a manner not conflicting with the
Constitution of the United States, although in
conflict with the fundamental provisions of this
bill, I ask what would be the penalty ? What
would Virginia thereby forfeit? The gentle-
man says she would forfeit her rights as a
State, and that the power of the Army and the
Navy would have to be exercised to punish
Virginia for that which was not at all in viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States.
Now, I ask the gentleman to tell me if Vir-
ginia should now be admitted to an equality
with all the other States and then should change
her constitution so as to conflict with this bill
of admission, but not with the Constitution of
the United States, then, as a penalty, shall her
Congressmen and Senators be compelled to
retire ? Are her rights as a State to be for-
feited for no violation of the Constitution of
the United States in any particular whatever?
Are her rights as a State more limited now
under this bill of readmission than they would
have been had she remained in the Union all
the time?
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrexce] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE. For what purpose?
Mr. PAINE. I desire to say a few words
in regard to what the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] lias just said.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I propose to answer the
gentleman myself. [Laughter.] After I have
done so, should the gentleman think it neces-
sary, he can answer him also. If the State of
Virginia should change her constitution so as
to disfranchise a majority of the men now en-
titled to vote in that State she would cease to
have a republican form of government, and
under the powers which Congress has to guar-
anty to every State a republican form of gov-
ernment we could reconstruct her by the grace
of God and the power of the Constitution.
Mr. LOGAN. Right there one word.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let me answer one
question first.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to say right here that
I agree with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] that if Virginia should disfran-
chise two thirds of the citizens now entitled to
vote she would not, in my judgment, have a
republican form of government, and under the
clause of the Constitution authorizing Congress
to guaranty a republican form of government
to each State some action might be had. But
now the question will have to be answered on
the other side. Under a certain set, of circum-
stances a Republican Congress would consider
that Virginia had not a republican form of gov-
ernment, and hence they would proceed to
guaranty it under the Constitution. But sup-
pose you did not have this Republican Con-
gress; suppose you had a Democratic Con-
gress. A Democratic Congress might under
the same circumstanccs consider that Virginia
had a republican form of government, even
though these fundamental provisions had been
violated. Then liow would you proceed to
enforce them? You must consider this ques-
tion as though there was a Democratic Congress
instead of a Republican Congress.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Yes; that is right.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If it could be possible
that the people of this country should so far
wander into l>v and forbidden, paths as to
abandon the great doctrines of the Republican
party and hand this Government over to the
power of the Democracy, I do not know that
anything would be left for us except to say
" May God have mercy on their souls.''
But the gentleman concedes that in the
case I cited, we ought to reconstruct the
State of Virginia. Then I say we ought to
reconstruct the State of Virginia if she should
violate the fundamental conditions which we
ingraft in this bill. This bill will be just as
much a part of the supreme law of the State
of Virginia as is the constitution ot tho State
of Virginia, and if she shall violate these fund-
41st Cow;. 2d Sr^.--No. 2S.
amental conditions, we can for that recon-
struct her, because she has violated the law
which governs her, a law which to her is as
high as the Constitution of the United States.
That, I think, answers the gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman another question right here.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Very well.
Mr. LOGAN. I would ask whether that
prayer for the Lord to have mercy on our souls
should become a part of this bill ? If so, I will
have no objection to it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Well, it ought to be.
I would vote for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, if Virginia should subvert the
fundamental conditions of this bill Congress
will reconstruct her ; "in the name of God and
the Continental Congress "she would be speed-
ily reconstructed.
But there are other remedies. The '' funda-
mental condition" I am now considering is
designed to secure forever the equal right of
all citizens having the proper qualifications to
vote and hold office beyond the reach of denial
by the State, and only liable to be changed by
Congress or an amendment of the national
Constitution. This condition will become a
part of the fundamental law of Virginia, as
high and as sacred as her constitution. This
is so, because it is a law unto Virginia enacted
in pursuance of the power to guaranty a repub-
lican form of government. So ample is this
power that Congress might frame a constitu-
tion and say to Virginia, "That is your con-
stitution ; you shall be and are restored under
that." Congress, under the same power, can
make perpetual all provisions necessary to se-
cure republican government. Chief Justice
Chase said in one of the cases cited that all
the citizens, including the freedmen, are now
entitled to this guarantee. A State which was
republican when slavery existed does not con-
tinue to be republican if it continues the exclu-
sion from political rights of a majorityof her
adult citizens. Nothing short of this will pro-
tect the people of this country.
If the State should undertake to deny to citi-
zens the right to vote secured by this funda-
mental condition, every citizen so denied would
have his civil action for redress in court against
every officer denying the right. That would
be a penalty and a mode of enforcing it.
Every citizen denied the right to hold office
in violation of this fundamental condition may
nevertheless be a candidate, and, having se-
cured a majority of the rightful votes, can test
his right to office on quo warranto. That would
be a penalty and a mode of enforcing it.
The "fundamental condition" fixes the
rights of citizens, and the courts will furnish
redress for their violation. If further legislation
in aid of the remedy shall be necessary it can be
had. The national courts are or may be clothed
with the requisite power to enforce this funda-
mental law.
I do not say that this bill furnishes all the
penalties, or the means of enforcing its "fund-
amental conditions'' as fully as it should. If
my voice could control it I would ingraft on
this bill a provision declaring that if any offi-
cer of the State of Virginia should enforce any
law of that State to deprive any citizen of the
right to vote or hold office, in violation of
this "fundamental condition," he should be
deemed guilty of a crime and be punished
therefor by indictment in the national courts,
just as the " civil rights act" makes a some-
what similar provision. In other words, I
would enforce this " fundamental provision ''
by penal enactments. In behalf of human rights
I would leave undone nothing that could se-
cure political equality and justice among men.
And certainly, if necessary, Congress can here-
after enact such provisions. That would be a
penalty and a mode of enforcing it. But with-
out that, if Virginia should change her consti-
tution so as to deny to citizens the rights secured
by this " fundamental condition," her consti-
tution in that respect would itself be unconsti-
tutional or at least void, and thenational courts
would so declare it.
The constitution of a State may itself be un-
constitutional or void, bccause in contravention
of a provision of the national Constitution or
of an authorized act of Congress obligatory on
the State.
In the Ohio bank tax cases a provision of
the constitution of my own native State was de-
clared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court
of the United States. Here, then, is another
penalty Virginia would incur by violating this
"fundamental condition," and a means of en-
forcing it.
Mr. Speaker, I will not longer trespass on
the patience of the House. I give my sanction
to this measure only because it is the best which
seems attainable now. It seems to me we
should provide more effectually for the enforce-
ment of the national Constitution and that of
Virginia. Greater protection and larger ben-
efits should be secured to the loyal people of
that ancient Commonwealth. A few, a very
few, of the great conspirators who sought to
take the nation's life should be punished or
disfranchised forever; but as the best that can
perhaps be done, I will give my vote for this
bill under the inspiration of the poetic senti-
ment :
" Here, Lord, I give myself .away,
'lis all that I can do."
Mr. WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from New
York yield to me a few moments of his time ?
Mr. WOOD. I will with pleasure yield to
the gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
why it is that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Law-
rence] has attempted to force me into an
antagonistic position to the bill before the
House.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Oh, no ; I did not intend
to do that.
Mr. LOGAN. Inasmuch as the gentleman
has discussed very learnedly this question, and
has replied to what I said yesterday in the form
of an interrogatory to iny colleague, [Mr.
Farnswortii,] I wish to state in brief my
views in reference to this proposition. Doubt-
less the jCongress of the United States has,
under the Constitution, a right to guaranty a
republican form of government to the people
of any State in this Union. But, sir, a ques-
tion which may arise is, What is a republican
form of government? According to the doc-
trine of the gentleman from Ohio, if any por-
tion of the people of Virginia be disfranchised
that State ceases to have a republican form of
government, and it is the duty of Congress to
enforce the guarantee referred to. Now, I do
not agree with the gentleman entirely on that
point. If the State of Virginia should, after
being admitted to representation here, change
her constitution in a manner [not conflicting
with the Constitution of the United States,
Congress, as I hold, would have no right to
take upon itself to say that that State had not
a republican form of government, so long as
its government was in consonance with the
Constitution of the United States. If Con-
gress should adjudge that the State of Ohio
has not a republican form of government be-
cause certain citizens cannot cast their ballots
at elections, and should undertake to enforce
with reference to that State the guarantee of a
republican form of government, perhaps the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawhence] would
stand on this floor and say, as a Representa-
tive of that State, that Ohio had a republican
constitution. I know that the belief of mem-
bers of the Republican party is that every roan,
black and white, ought, to be allowed to vote.
That is my own doctrine; and I admit that
that doctrine realizes the true idea of a repub-
lican form of government.
But, sir, other gentlemen may hold dmerent
views on that point; and if there should ever
be in this House a majority holding the beliel
that a republican form of government does not
