1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457$
carry or tons to carry, and lie has got to go
with the same speed. Now, you cannot hire
your mail service to be done by the pound
through tins country at any price, at least at
any reasonable price, simply because you can-
not load the teams. They have got to go with
a light load, with noload, or with a heavy
load, whatever is provided for them, and they
have got to go just so fast whether they have
a good deal to carry or nothing at all to carry.
There is no analogy between those two kinds
of service.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
to call his attention to an illustration on that
point, with regard to which I should like to
have his judgment? It is this: a passenger
pays a certain sum from Washington to New
York ; I think it is seven dollars, is it not?
Mr. HOWE. It was some time ago; I do
not, know what it is now.
Mr. SUMNER. Call it seven dollars. Now,
why should a bundle of letters, weighing no
more than that passenger, pay more than his
fare? One further remark. If a bag of let-
ters, weighing as much as a passenger, pays
at the rate of one cent the half ounce, it will
pay a great many times more than the fare of
the passenger. . Now. I wish my friend would
address himself to the question of the proper
rate for letters; not the proper rate for printed
matter, not the proper rate for newspapers,
but the proper rate for letters ; how much
should they equitably pay; and I offer the
illustration of the fare of the passenger as
justly applicable to the case.
Mr. HOWE. I will tell the Senator one
reason why I think the letter should pay more
per pound or per ounce than the passenger.
The passenger goes to the depot and gets into
the car himself, takes care of himself all along
on the road, and when he gets to the end of
tlic road he gets off; the company has no sort
of trouble with him whatever. He is not
stamped ; he is not franked. There is 110 re-
sponsibility 011 the part of the company except
to run the train through. If, on the contrary 
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to say 
Mr. HOWE. Let me finish the answer. If
011 the contrary, at every post office the com-
pany was obliged to take the passenger and
overhaul him, remail him, reship him, and send
him on. receive him at the depot from which
the train starts, and deliver him somewhere
when he got to the end of the route, then there
would be more similitude, more likeness be-
tween the transportation of passengers and the
tiansportatiou of the mails. That is what the
Government has to do with regard to the mails.
Every letter it has to receive at the receiving
office, put a stamp upon it, put a wrapper
around it, tie it up, and direct it to its destina-
tion. That mail is overhauled on some lines
at every office between the point from which it
starts and the point at which it is delivered;
and when it gets to the place of delivery there
is an officer of the Government to strip off the
wrappings and to deliver it, or staud ready to
deliver it when the owner of the letter calls for
it. So, of course, this sort of transportation
must cost more than the transportation of pas-
sengers. But I concede to the Senator that
letters might be carried for less than three cents
a half ounce.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Yes. sir.
Mr. S PRAGUE. I ask if the transportation
of a letter containing a check or a bill of ex-
change for hundreds of thousands of dollars,
such as are transported through the mails every
day, is not a very valuable consideration to the
sender and to the business community in whose
interest cheap postage seems to be established?
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, in the estima-
tion of those who receive such letters I feel
authorized to say that it is considered worth
something ; at least, I should suppose it would
be. If 1 should ever receive one I should ac-
knowledge there was value iu it. [Laughter.]
41st Coto. 2d Bess.—No. 287.
But I have made the confession that this
charge of three cents the half ounce was more
than the actual cost of tho transportation of
letters. Therefore the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says it is unjust, it is inequitable; it
should be done at the actual cost. If it is dons
at the actual cost, then the Government hasless
revenue. To a certain extent this rate of tax-
ation is resorted to as a revenue measure.
Just to the extent that you reduce it you create
a deficiency in the revenue, and you must make
it up, as I said Sefore, from some other source,
and I ask the Senator from Massachusetts, and
every other Senator who voted for this reduc-
tion of the rate of postage, from what other
source wjjl you derive your revenue? Just
look where you get your revenue now. The
Government takes a letter from New York to
San Francisco, takes all the charge of it, re-
ceives it and delivers it, and charges three
cents for it. The Senator from Massachusetts
says that is enormous ; that is unjust; that is
inequitable; it must be reduced. Why, sir,
when I go to the store and buy a pound of
coffee, and take it home myself for the use of
my family, the Government charges me five
cents for that. The Government does not
touch it, doesnot do athing in reference to the
coffee, and yet charges me five cents for the
privilege of buying a pound of coffee and tak-
ing it home and using it in my family. Is it
better for me to pay a little more on my coffee
and lesson my letters? Is it better for the
community to do it? That is the question. If
your object is to relieve taxation, do so; but
relieve the most burdensome taxes first.
A merchant in Chicago draws on a banker in
New York for $100,000, if I may borrow fig-
ures from my friend from Rhode Island, and
the Government carries that letter to New York
for three cents. The Senator from Massachu-
setts says that is more than it costs, and I agree
to it. He says it is unjust taxation. What does
he say to this tax? When he draws a check on
his banker, requesting him to pay five dollars
to his grocer, and sends that to the banker by a
boy, or the grocer takes it there, tho Govern-
ment never sees it, never touches it, does noth-
ing about it, and yet the Government charges
vou two cents for that.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a tax.
Mr. HOWE. Exactly. Is not the other a
tax?
Mr. SUMNER. I insist that you should not
tax letters.
Mr. HOWE. Why should you tax checks?
Which is the more onerous tax?
Nr. SUMNER. We tax chocks for revenue.
Mr. HOWE. We tax letters for revenue.
Mr. SUMNER. But you ought not to.
ilr. HOWE. Why not? Why not get rev-
enue for carrying letters from New York to
Chicago, or from San Francisco to Boston,
just as well as get it from drawing checks 011
your banker?
Mr. SUiMNER. Why not tax a boy going
to school ?
Mr. IIO WE. Because we are not compelled
to tax bovs who are going to school.
Mr. SUMNER. And we are not compelled
to tax letters.
Sir. HOWE. We are compelled to tax some-
thing. We do tax checks, we do tax the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts for drawing a check
on his banker; and we charge him two thirds
of what we now charge for carrying letters for
the longest distance. Tie says one is a tax.
I say the other is a tax. He says the first is
onerous, the charge of three cents for carrying
a letter. I ask him which is the more onerous
tax, which he can pay the easier? I ask any
mail that question. 1 say if you take this rev-
enue off the carriage of letters you have got to
put it on somewhere else.
Mr. President, all taxes are onerous. 1
wish the Government could do everything it
has to do for nothing ; but I have never seen
a Government yet that did do that, and I do
not know that this Government pan do it. I
am perfectly willing:to reduce this tax on let-
ters if the Senator from Massachusetts will
show me where it can be laid more beneficently
or where it will be felt less. ' The Senator from
Massachusetts and every other employ^ of the
Government—it is a tax I know to get a revenue
to enable the Government—to go on pays five
per cent, of his salary into the Treasury,
five per cent, of his earnings. There are but
very few occupations known to this country
which you have the right to carry on at all,
which you have the right to practice, untilyou
pay the Government for the permission of earn-
ing money in it. The Senator cannot go into
court until he has purchased of the Govern-
ment the right to do so. There are but few
occupations that a man can carry on or practice
without paying a tax for permission to do so ;
and until within a few years there was scarcely
an article a man could wear or consume that
he did not have to pay the Government for the
privilege of wearing it or consuming it.
When I asked the Senator last night whether,
if the cost of carrying letters was to be reduced,
he would allow that cost'to be added to the
transportation of newspapers, he said no. Very
well; I had rather the letters should pay more
than a fair price and the newspapers less, be-
cause I think it is more'important to the public
that newspapers should circulate than that
letters should.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me to
submit to him right there a point ? My object
is that each shall pay equitably according to
the value of the transportation. The letter, I
submit, ought not to pay more than its share.
It should not contribute to carry the news-
paper, to carry the franked matter, to carry
all other printed matter, including congres-
sional documents.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the Senator's
proposition, but I thinkthat is not what I10 has
been arguing for for days.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. HOWE. It is not that the deficiency
shall be made up by adding to the charge on
newspapers.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all; I do not wish
that the newspaper shall be burdened more,
but I wish to relieve the letter of the burden
of the newspaper ; and should any additional
allowance be. needed, it should be derived from
the national Treasury.
Mr. HOWE. Exactly.
Mr. SUMNER. The deficiency is made up
from the Treasury now, as the Senator is aware;
and that is practically an allowance from the
Treasury.
Mr. HOWE. And that is carrying newspa-
pers and carrying letters in the aggregate for
less than it costs to carry them; but it is reliev-
ing the recipients of a part of the charge, and
just to the extent that you relieve the recipient
you charge the cost upon those who do not
receive them. The whole argument is in this:
should the men who participate in the advan-
tages of the mail service support it, or should
those who do not participate m the advantages
of the mail service contribute to make it pay ?
Every chore that it does is in the main for the
advantage of some individual. When itbrings
me a letter, that is for my good and for the good
of the man who sent it to me, to the exclusion
of all tho rest of the world. When it brings
me a newspaper it is mainly for my good and
the good of the party sending it to me. But
then the contents of a newspaper do to some
extent enter into the public consumption and
become a matter of intelligence or an instru-
ment of intelligence to the public. The letter
is not. So 1 think it is better to carry news-
papers cheap and add something to the charge
for transporting letters.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, as I understand the
Senator, he argues that the letters should help
carry the newspapers.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; now I under-
stand the Senator.
