4578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; I should think the
letter should help carry the newspaper. I think
the letter should shoulder a part of the news-
paper. The Senator from Massachusetts says
no, and he will not require the newspaper to
go alone. Now, I ask him, in reply, what
shall carry that part of the newspaper which
he relieves the letter from?
Mr. SUMNER. The nation.
Mr. HOWE. That is, the men who do not
receive either the letter or the newspaper;
they constitute the nation when you come for
this purpose to draw money out of the Treasury.
Every dollar that you do not take from the
letter and the newspaper together you take
from somebody who does not get either. There
is uo denying that. That is not right; that is
not, to use the very emphatic language of the
Senator from Massachusetts nearest me, [Mr.
Wilson,] republican.
I come back, then, to my first proposition,
that I cannot go for this reduction of the charge
for carrying letters until the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,J or somebody else,
can show me some source of revenue, some
object of taxation which can bettor bear it than
the letters can.
But, Mr. President, we are told that Great
Britain, under the lead of Rowland Hill, en-
tered upon a reform of this kind, and that he
achieved glory for himself and glory for his
country by doing so. Mr. President, llowland
Hill never entered upon any scheme of this
kind in his life; nor did anybody else, except
the Senator from Massachusetts. Rowland
Hill never proposed to tax the British public
for carrying the British mails. Rowland Hill
found that under the enormous rates of taxa-
tion which were imposed then, running from
four and a half pence sterling up to eighteen
pence sterling, from about ten to forty cents
on the letter, the revenues of Great Britain
from the postal service were constantly dimin-
ishing, and he proposed the cheaper rates of
postage, not for the purpose of imposing bur-
dens on the British public, but for the purpose
of increasing the revenues from the postal ser-
vice. That was his argument. He said that
the charge for carrying letters was a discour-
agement to the writing of letters. The Sen-
ator from Indiana has enforced that argument
by a few simple facts, stated here this morning
on this floor, beyond all possibility of contra-
diction. When a servant has to work two days
to get the price of carrying a letter, that is a
heavy discouragement, and hence forty cents
was a discouragement in Great Britain in the
way of writing letters. Does it follow that
three cents is a discouragement in this country
in the way of writing letters?
Mr. President, I deny it. It is no discour-
agement. No man hesitates, no woman hesi-
tates, nobody hesitates to write a letter here
because of the cost of getting it to its destina-
tion. The two last mails have brought me
letters which were inclosed in these envelopes,
[exhibiting them,] just these two mails, while
this debate has been going on. Every one of
them is entitled to come to me free; and yet
all but one are paid, all but one have a three-
cent postage-stamp on.
Mr. SUMNER. That shows that your con-
stituents are very wealthy.
Mr. HOWE. That shows that my constit-
uents, like the constituents of the Senator from
Massachusetts, do not care a fig about the cost
of transporting their letters. These correspond-
ents knew that they could send their letters
free. Two of (hem are bankers, who know
just as well as I know that their letters could
oine fiee; but instead of the cashier writing on
i !i« envelope '' free,'' he threw it down with the
ivst of Ilia mail for the boy to put stamps on it.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, with his permission. I ask
him what, in his opinion, would be the rate of
increase of the amount of correspondence by
reducing the postage from three cents to two
cents?
Mr. HOWE. It would not add a letter to
the number carried in the United States. _ Find
me an instance where any human being in the
United States has hesitated to send a letter
because it cost three cents to send it, and then
I will enter into a correspondence with the
Senator from Massachusetts to try and get a
compromise.
Mr. SUMNER. I could give an instance.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know an
instance. I should like to hs^ve an introduc-
tion to him.
Mr. SUMNER. A very distinguished cit-
izen, too. 1 have had a letter from a very
distinguished citizen on this subject, who has
given much attention to it, and who speaks
from knowledge of the operation of the present
requirement of three cents in checking corre-
spondence.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts may have had letters from some theorist-
Mr. SUMNER. No; I beg the Senator's
pardon. This is a very intimate personal
friend of my own, in whose statements I have
as much confidence as in those of the Senator.
Mr. HOWE. Undoubtedly the utmost con-
fidence ; and I suppose that tha*i correspond-
ent tola the Senator that somebody else was
deterred, because of this enormous charge of
three cents ; but I do not think he has had a
letter from any correspondent of his who said
that he himself was deterred.
Mr. SUMNER. He told mo what had passed
under his own eyes; that he had seen the
operation of the existing law in checking cor-
respondence, and he is so situated as to be able
to observe that on a large scale.
Mr. HOWE. When we can get that testi-
mony before the Senate 1 shall scrutinize it.
I am not able to say now what influence it will
have on my judgment. I can only say thatupto
this period of my life, and I know I am young
yet 
Mr. SUMNER. That we all see._
Mr. HOWE. I have not met an individual
who was deterred from writing letters because
of the cost of sending them off—not one. Not-
withstanding the experience of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, I must confess
I am incredulous as to there having been or
being any such individual in the United States.
Why, Mr. President, in our broad-gauged and
reckless way of counting cost and reckoning
money three cents is a sum hardly counted as
anything. The Senator says a cent is the unit
of coin here. The dime comes nearer it; three-
cent pieces are not taken into account. It
does not follow because the correspondence
in Great Britain was quickened and increased
by reducing the cost of transportation from
forty cents to two cents, or one penny, that
it would be increased by reducing it from one
penny to a halfpenny. It does not follow that
because the reduction of postage from eighteen
pence to one penny increased the revenues
from the postal service, therefore reducing it
from one penny to half a penny would increase
it still further.
That sort of reasoning reminds me of an
argument made by one of my neighbors when
the Franklin stove was first introduced into
Maine. I recollect hearing when I was a boy
of a neighbor who had got one of those stoves
and was very enthusiastic about it, and on a
neighbor calling to see him he pointed out the
stove; he expatiated upon the advantages of
it; he became very eloquent and very enthusi-
astic, and somewhat annoying to his visitor;
and he wound up by the declaration that he
saved one half of his wood by that stove, and
his visitor advised him very promptly to get
another stove and save the whole of it. rLau "li-
ter.]
The Senator thinks, or seems to argue, that
because the revenues of Great Britain were
increased by reducing the postage from eight-
een pence to a penny, therefore, if they were
to carry letters for nothing, Great Britain would
be as rich as she wanted to be !
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
from Wisconsin that the proposition was up in
the House of Commons two or three years
since to reduce the rate of postage from a
penny to a halfpenny, and the argument was
made there, and was held to be conclusive, that
the increase in the amount of correspondence
which resulted from bringing down the postage
from eighteen cents to two cents would not
apply to bringing it down from a penny to a
halfpenny.
Mr. HOWE. They were sensible about it,
too. Mr. President, I cannot dwell upon this
point.
There is another proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts, which is to give up the
privilege or the practice of franking letters and
have stamps delivered for our use. If we must
have our mail matter go free I prefer that we
should be held to the labor of putting our name
on the envelopes. That seems to me to be the
fairest and the safest. There is some little
protection against abuse as long as you have
to subject yourselves to the labor of writing
your name every time you want to put a free
package into the mails; but if instead of that
you are to have unlimited stamps handed to
you, what do you do? You sell out this stolen
right, this stolen privilege, this stolen system
of franking letters, or you exchange it for stamps
which will send anybody's letters through the
mail.
Is that a good way, is that an honest way of
giving up a system which is dishonest in itself
and dishonest in its origin ? Consider, sir, that
this right of franking letters is one that we cre-
ate ; consider that if you do not relinquish vol-
untarily and unconditionally, and without com-
pensation, you make your own terms ; and it
seems to me that if you do not make a good
bargain you are to blame; you create your
own estate, and then sell it at a price fixed by
yourself. You ought to sell it for a good price;
you ought to do a living business. The only
verdancy I see in the Senator's proposition is
that he proposes to take his pay all in stamps.
If he would insist upon having half greenbacks
and half stamps, then I should think it was a
smarter one than it is.
No, Mr. President, if we must have this right
continued to us of sending our own matter, to
the exclusion of the rest of the world, without
cost, without charge, let us be still charged with
the burden of putting our own sign-manual,
our own autographs, on the envelope. I am
irreconcilably opposed, therefore, for every rea-
son and upon every consideration, to this ex-
change of franks for stamps to be furnished
by the Government. If there is any public
reason why our letters should go free, then let
us put ournamesuponthem; buttbereisnone;
that is conccded by all those who make any
pretense of their willingness to give up this priv-
ilege, or system, or whatever it may be called.
Mr. President, one feature of this debate has
astonished me more than any other.
While almost everybody who has spoken upon
this thing proclaims with indignation almost
that there is nothing analogous to a privilege
in this business of franking letters, that it is
a great burden, yet the reluctance with which
gentlemen relinquish this burden is absolutely
astounding to me. They say it is not for their
benefit, it is for the benefit of the public; that
it is a great labor to them; and yet to inducc
them to relinquish that labor seems to be next
to impossible!
Such patriotism as I have seen in this Cham-
ber since this debate came up I never wit-
nessed nor heard of anywhere else. I have
heard of martyrs standing at the stake, and
when the flames were crackling about them
they would still, in the solidity and steadfast-
ness of their souls, thank God and sing praises
to Him. But I never heard of even a martyr
who would quarrel with anybody who proposed
to unloose him from the stake. Here we find
Senators bending under this burden of frank-
ing documents, and yet they have refused from
