5522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
«/ '
inquisitorial, scoundrelly system of internal
taxation which has dishonored this country for
so many years, I introduced a joint resolution
to remit the collection of these taxes to the
States. That resolution met a response in the
Democratic convention of the State of Ohio
and in the Democratic convention of West
Virginia, as well as in Republican and Demo-
cratic newspapers. The general sense of the
country is with me, to collect the taxes on
whisky, beer, and_ tobacco ; that by a system
of that kind it will be easier and more eco-
nomical to raise enough of revenue to answer
all the purposes of carrying on the Govern-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have been inquired of
in regard to the action of the committee on
conference on the subject of the incomc tax,
and I am willing to explain if it be desired; if
not, I will ask the vote be taken.
There is one other thing, however, I wish
to state. The Senate had one amendment by
which they authorized the President, in his
discretion, in view of the reduction of taxes,
to consolidate collection districts and appoint
a collector and assessor for any such district
made out of two or more of the present districts.
The House non-concurred, on my suggestion,
and we accomplished the object of non-con-
curring by extending the same provision to
supervisors, so as to reduce the number of those
officers; and added a further provision in re-
gard to assistant assessors and other officers,
by which we shall get rid of at least two hun-
dred of them. We added a further provision
that hereafter we should continue to reduce
the whole force employed in the collection of
the internal revenue proportionately with the
reduction of taxes as far as practicable.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish a sep-
arate vote on some of these amendments.
The SPEAKER. A conference report is not
divisible, but must be voted on as a whole.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 144, nays 49, not voting
37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison,Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, llailey, llarnum,
Beatty, Benjamin,Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Booker, Boycl,Ueorgej\I.Brooks, Buck,Buck-
ley, Bufiinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick 11. Butler, Oake, Cessna, Oliurcliill,
William T. Clark. Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Covode, Cowles, Cullorn, Davis,
Dawes, Diekey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ela, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield,
Gilfillan, Hamilton,Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
llellin, Hill, iloar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Jeuokes, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham, ICnapp, Lnflin, Lasb, Lawrence, Logan,
Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary,
Mclirew, McKenzie, Morcur, Milnes, Eliakim H.
Aloore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore. Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters,
Phelps, Poland, Porter, Prosser, ltice, Rogers, Roots,
Sargent, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Wil-
liam J. Smith, WorthingtonC. Smith,William Smyth,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman,'I'ownscnd, Trimble,
1'wichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Yan Vyck,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker.Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Wil-
l.ird, Williams, and John T. Wilson—Hi.
NAYS—-Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Beck, Biggs,
Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Cleveland, Cox, Crebs,
Dif'kinson, Eluridge, i'ox, Getz, Gnswold, Haight.,
iialdeman, Hambleton, Hays, Holman, Johnson,
-tUomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Marshall,
May ham, McNeely, AI organ, Niblaek, Potter, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph
S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Y an Auken,
Voorbces, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—49.
XOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barry, Bcaman,
Bowen, Calkin. Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cook, Dar-
rall, Wegener, Doekery, Dox, Dyer, Fisher, Gibson,
Hale, Hamill, Hoge, Alexander H. Jones, MeCor-
mick, McKee, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissoy, Mun-
gen, Newsham, Piatt, Pomeroy, Ridgwny, Sanford,
Shober. Starkweather, Strader, Strong, Van Trump,
Wallace, Wmans, and Witcker—37.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. WOODWARD Bald: Mr. Speaker, I
was under the impression that we were voting
on the general bill, and have voted in the
affirmative.
The SPEAKER. It is on the general bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am told the present
vote is on the amendments.
The SPEAKER. If the vote be in the
affirmative it is to pass the bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. This voteis on agree-
ing to the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The SPEAKER. The acceptance of the
report of the committee of conference passes
the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Bat if this
report of the committee of conference be
rejected, we can have another conference and
a better report.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the vote were upon
tho bill I should vote in the affirmative; but
as it is merely on the pending conference
report, I vote in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair put the ques-
tion "As many as are in favor of this
conference report and passing this bill will
answer ' ay,' and those opposed, 'no.' " The
Chair could not put it more distinctly.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the con-
ference report is disagreed to it goes to another
conference.
The SPEAKER. And if the conference
report is agreed to that passes the bill.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OCEAN TELEGRAPHS.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have modified the
resolution which I offered some time ago for
an investigation in regard to ocean telegraphs.
I ask unanimous consent to submit the resolu-
tion in the form in which I now send it to the
desk, and I presume there will bo no objec-
tion to it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Itesolved, That the sub-committee of the Comrait-
tco on Commerce having in charge the question of
ocean_ telegraphs be, and they aro hereby, authorized
and directed to make an investigation into the tariffs
and exclusive rights of ocean submarine telegraph
companies connecting this country with any other,
and the land lines connecting therewith; that they
shall have power to send for persons and papers and
examine persons under oath, and to sit during the
recess of Congress: Provided, That no expense to
the Government shall be incurred by such investiga-
tion, aild shall report at the commencement of the
next session of Congress by bill or otherwise.
Mr. McKENZIE. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to suspend the
rules that the resolution may bo adopted. I
desire the House to understand that no expense
will beincurred. I ask that the resolution may
be again read.
The resolution was again read.
rJ he question was put on suspending the
rules ; and there were—ayes thirty-three.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not insist on a
further count. Gentlemen do not understand
the resolution, [laughter,] and I withdraw it.
CHARLES 1). WILKINSON.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to take from the Speaker's table Ihe joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 351) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasuary to examine and adjust
the accounts of the late collector of the third
and sixth collection distiicts of Missouii,
which has been returned fiom the Senate with
an amendment.
I desire to state that this is a resolution pre-
pared at the Treasury Department, which the
Department wishes to have passed to enable
them to settle the accounts of this collector.
Mr. RANDALL. It would be better to set-
tle all the accounts. There are millions and
hundreds of millions of such accounts in dis-
pute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to hear the reso-
lution read.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution and
the amendment of the Senate will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections
if any.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause the accounts of Charles B. Wilkinson,
late collector of internal revenue in the third
and sixth collection districts of Missouri, to be
thoroughly examined and adjusted; and if
on such examination it shall be satisfactorily
proven that said Wilkinson paid into the Treas-
ury a larger amount of money than was col-
lected by him from such revenue, and that he
is not otherwise in default or liable to the
United States as such collector, to cause the
excess of such payment to be refunded and
paid to said Wilkinson in the same manner as
taxes erronasusly assessed and collected are
refunded and paid back.
The amendment of the Senate was read, and
is as follows:
Page 1, line eleven, after the word "colored,"
insert " and that he so performed his duties and
kept his accounts as to be able to establish his right
to demand any sum of money from theUnited States."
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move to suspend the rules.
The question being put, the rules were sus-
pended. The joint resolution was taken from
the Speaker's table, and the amendment of the
Senate was concurred in.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I present the report of tho
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 380)
to authorize the refunding and consolidation of
the national debt, to extend banking facilities,
and to establish specie payments.
If the House will permit I will state—and
the House may perhaps conclude to dispense
with tho reading of the report—that it is pre-
cisely the report of yesterday verbatim as it was
printed in the Globe this morning, which is
reported again by the committee, with the single
exception that we removed the bone of con-
tention by dropping out the seventh section
which required the banks to take the new
bonds.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the report
of the committee of'conference on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. You have got in the half
per cent, commission?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 38U,) to
authorize the refunding and consolidation of the
national debt, to esiend banking facilities, and to
establish specie payments, having met, after full and
tree conference have agreed to recommend, and du
recommend to their respective Houses, as lodows :
1 hey recommend that the Senate recede from their
gisagroement to the amendment of the House to sai.l
Senate bill, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike nut all ot said amendment, and
insert in lieu thereof tho following:
1 hat the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
tttonzed to is?uo, m a sum or sums not exceeding in
fbe aggreg_ate$200,000,000, coupon or registered bonds
ot the united states, in such form as ho may pre-
scribe, and ot denominations of afty dollars, or some
multiple ot that sum, redeemable m coin of the ind-
ent standard value, at the pleasure of the U aim'i
btates, alter ten years from the dnte of their issue,
and. bearing interest, payable semi-annually in suoii
coin, at the rate of five per cent, per annum ; aKo
m%Unnn0r*lot exceeding in the aggregate $o00,-
000,000 of like bonds the same in all respects, but
payable at the pleasure of the United States after
iiltecn years horn the date of their issue, and beai
interest at the rale of four and a half percent, pn*
annum; also a sum or sums not exceeding in the
aggregate v>l,000,0uu,00u ol like bonds, tbesame in all
respects, but payable at the pleasure of the United
