1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
in command of the department of Georgia. I
respect him as a man whose shield is all white.
I respect him as one of the braves who stood
in the fore-front of the battle for the mainte-
nance of the Constitution and the Union. If
he made any error in attempting to interfere
for this railroad Governor, it was a mere error
of the bead, not an error of the heart. That
gullant soldier is incapable of intending any
disrespect to, macli less any violation of, the
laws of his country.
But, sir, I will not allow this railroad Gov-
ernor of Georgia, who trails through these lob-
bies and button holes members, and has the
audacity to ask them to maintain him in power
against the consent of the free people of the
State of Georgia, thus to violate a solemn law
of the Republic and iind shelter and refuge in
&u act of Congress.
Sir, what right had the Governor of Georgia,
under this law of December last and its grave
penalties, to send his railroad agent into the
house of representatives of Georgia and ad-
journ it from day to day ? What right, sir,
had he to disregard his oath as Governor of
Georgia, which oath he officially took in the
year 1868 to support the Constitution of the
United States, to refuse, in obedience to that
oath and that Constitution, to issue writs of
election to fill the vacancies in this House of
Representatives from Georgia?
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that when vacancies happen in this House
the Executive of the State in which such vacancy
shall happen shall issue his writs of election
to fill it. Why did not this Governor Bullock
do that, instead of coming here and undertak-
ing in advance, without the Representatives
of the people of Georgiaon this floor, to reelect
himself Governor of Georgia by act of Con-
gress ?
Mr. Speaker, I am speaking very hurriedly
to-day, and my remarks are somewhat desul-
tory, for the simple reason that there are so
many facts and so many circumstances sur-
rounding this case that I cannot touch the hem
of the garment of the great argument within
the limited time allowed me under the rules of
the House. Therefore, I present these facts
as rapidly as possible and as clearly as I am
able, and I ask the House to consider them
and pass judgment upon them.
This act, sir, of the 22d of December last
was merely in aid of the acts of 1868, which
declared that Georgia had a republican form
of government and was entitled to representa-
tion in Congress, but to the end that the col-
ored citizens of the United States who had
been unseated by a wrongful judgment of that
Legislature might be restored to their places,
and to the further end that the Legislature of
Georgia thus "reorganized," as the statute
says, under the constitution of the State might
ratify the fifteenth article of the constitu-
tional amendments, the act was passed. What
then ? Why, when these conditions were per-
formed the work was complete. Then, sir,
the object contemplated in the title of the act,
"to promote the reconstruction of Georgia,"'
was consummated, and ex vi termini your law
of December 22, 1869, implied that the State
should be entitled to representation in Con-
gress, That work being perfected, each House
was in duty bound to admit the representa-
tives of the State when they presented them-
selves if they were found duly elected and duly
qualified. Each House is so boand this day.
Consider the language of the act:
"The Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth amend-
ment proposed to the Constitution of the United
States before Senators and Representatives irona
Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress."
When that amendment is ratified by that
Legislature—and it is so certified already, as
every member in this House knows—does not
the law on its very face declare that the act of
1868 is in full force, and the Senate and the
House have the full right to admit Senators
and Representatives from the State of Georgia?
Why, then, this proposed legislation? I have
anticipated the object of it; and in doing so I
cast no reproach upon the movers of the bill.
They may, if they please, differ with mo entirely
as to its effect. They may have no idea of
extending the term of the Legislature. If there
is no purpose of that sort, if the Legislature
has no power under the constitution of Georgia
to perpetuate itself, why object to my amend-
ment, which says it shall not? Why give that j
Legislature colorable authority for saying that J
it may decline to provide for an election in
1870 because by force of this act its official \
term as a Legislature does not begin till 1870, jj
and therefore it may serve for the constitutional
term of two years, and need not provide for an
election till 1872?
If the constitution of Georgia really allows !
tli« Legislature of that State to say tiiat no jj
election shall be held for forty years or twenty |{
years, then, instead of passing this bill, why j!
not say, " We have made a mistake in declar-
ing the constitution of Georgia republican in !
form, in declaring that the people of Georgia
are entitled to representation ; we will repeal
the act of 18(38, and repeal the constitution of
Georgia along with it, and say they are not
entitled to representation in Congress?"
Mr. Speaker, I recollect fully the struggle /
which I, in common with others, made in 18GG
to guard the rights of the people by legislative
enactments. 1 well recollect, sir, the report
from the Reconstruction Committee in I860
of the bill mentioned by my honorable col-
league, [Mr. Lawrence.] But he and the
House will please take notice that when that ,
bill was reported in this House, although it j
never became a law, the new guards provided I
by the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments 1
had not been placed in the Constitution. The I
Reconstruction Committee had not even re-
ported that great amendment, the fourteenth,
i which is to-day the rock of our strength and
our defense, which has clothed the Congress
of the United States with the power to reform
abuses even in organized States, represented
though they be in this House and the Senate
of the United States.
That, sir, is my apology for a futile endeavor
in the session of 1866, before the fourteenth
amendment had ever been reported, to restrain
States by acts of Congress. But my colleague
would have done me but justice if he had gone
a little further back in the record, where he
would have found it recorded that months be-
fore I had ventured to say in my place to the ;
Representatives of the people, "There is no j
safety in the hereafter for the people of the
United States, and especially for those who
were yesterday citizen-slaves, but are to-day !
citizen-freemen of the United States, without j
an amendment to the Constitution giving to j
the Congress express power to secure to every
man, no matter what his complexion, no mat-
ter what the place of his birth, no matter what
sun first burned upon him, no matter what
blood courses in his veins, the equal protection
of the law—not of its law, not of the law of
tha State, but of the law, the great law of the
Republic, found in the written Constitution of
the fathers."
Mr. Speaker, if there be anything of which I
I have occasion to be proud, and it does not
become a creature into whose blood every wind
of heaven strikes the coldness of death, it is
that it pleased God and the American people
to give me the privilege of writing that new
text in the Constitution of my country:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities 01 citizens
of the United States; nor shall any btate deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property, without, due
i process of law; nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws;
And that—
" Congress shall have power to enforce by appro-
priate legislation the provisions of this article.
There it stands, sir; and if the colored
man's rights are invaded in Georgia, or New
York, or Ohio, I say that it is for the Con-
gress of the United States by law to redress
that wrong ; but this bill does not do that thing.
Gentlemen need not tell me that the rights of
the colored citizens of Georgia are in peril if
you do not pass this law. If you want any
protection for the colored men of Georgia,
more than they have now in every State and
Territory, on the land and upon the sea, I am
ready to assist you in passing a bill for that
purpose; but lam not to be driven by any talk
here about injustice to the colored man into
the support of a bill to elect a Legislature for
a free people and a State of this Union by
act of Congress, or to elect a Governor for a
free people by act of Congress. I now ask
that my amendment may be again read so that
it may be incorporated in the body of my
remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to vacato any of the offices now filled
in the State of Georgia, either by the election of the
people or by the appointment of the Governor thereof,
by and with the advice and consent of the senate of
said State; neither shall this act be construed to
extend the official tenure of any officer of said State
beyond the terra limited by the constitution thereof,
dating from the election or appointment of such
officer; nor to deprive the people of Georgia of the
right under their constitution to elect Senators and
Rpresentatives of the State of Georgia in the year
1870, either on the day named in the constitution of
such State or such other day as the present Legisla-
ture may designate by law.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise to
discuss the subject of reconstruction, nor the
wisdom or expediency of the measures that
have been adopted. So far as relates to the
consideration and action of Congress those
questions ought to be regarded as definitely
settled.
It has not fallen to my lot to take any part
in their settlement, and I therefore deem this a
fit occasion to say that careful reflection on the
subject of the reconstruction of the late rebel
I States has led me to the most firm and satis-
factory convictions.
My own mind is purged ofall doubt that under
the Constitution of the United States, by the
powers expressly granted, by those of neces-
sity implied, by the obligations and duties im-
posed, by the mutual interstaterightsand duties
created and through Federal authority to be
enforced, by the whole scheme of the Govern-
ment and the objects and necessities of its ex-
istence, by the source of all its powers and the
orderly forms of their use, the Congress alone
at the close of the rebellion stood clothed with
the most ample and exhaustive power on the
subject of reconstruction; and that, whether
in his military or civil capacity, the Executive
was altogether subordinate to the laws of Con-
gress, and neither in the emergencies of war
nor in the exigencies of peace could the stream
of his power over that subject ris« above it«
fountain, which springs from the legislation of
Congress alone.
In respect to Georgia I tlunk Congress was
right, therefore, in brushing away the usurp-
ation of President Johnson and in declaring
the manner aui conditions by which that. State
might regain her relations to the Union. Our
duty to-day is to determine whether her recon-
struction is already complete or whether Cou-
gress has still power to pronounce a final judg-
ment in her case.
I have looked at this question only with a
view to see whether the jurisdictionof Congress
over the reconstruction of Georgia .has been
exhausted by former legislation, so that noth-
ing remains to be done but to recei ve her Sen-
ators and Representatives. My opinion is that
our jurisdiction to legislate still remains.
If it he conceded that the work would be
complete by receiving and swearing in her Sen-
ators and Representatives, were they here pres-
ent to day, stillthatis not the case. No Repre-
sentatives present themselves to this House.
' Double claimants for seats in the Senate pre-
sent themselves at the other end of the Capitol.
There is no opportunity, therefore, for that
implied recognition which might flow trom a
