1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457:9
morning till late at night to prevent being
relieved of that burden. We know of One
who, without shrinking, bore His own cross
upon the shoulder ; but not even He, I think,
was ever suspected of hugging the cross to Him
as a blessing. But I do think this cross with
which the franking law charges us seems to be
rather affectionately embraced by some honor-
able Senators about me.
For myself I consider it a cross; I have borne
it so far with whatever of steadfastness and
cheerfulness I could; but I ask now to be re-
lieved of it utterly, absolutely. I do not want,
to charge a cent for being relieved of it. not
even in postage stamps. Whoever will take it
from me is my benefactor, and whoever will
take it from me and provide other methods of
sending to the public the official documents
which the public ought to lmve I believe will
be a benefactor to the public also, as well as to
myself.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator a question; whether there is anything
in the law that prevents the Senator from pay-
ing his postage if he chooses to do so ?
Air. HOWE. Not a thing, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. I thought that might relieve
iiim very readily of the cross. [Laughter.]
Mr. SOMNER. He may dispense with the
franking privilege in his own case.
Mr. HO WE. Beyond all sort of doubt.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator may declare
himself independent and emancipate himself.
Mr. HOWE. There is not a doubt about
it, Mr. President. I could do that, but do
you not see how selfishly I am constituted? I
am not so patriotic, so public-spirited, so
philanthropic as my friends about me here.
Wiiiie I should be glad to be released from the
labor of spending hours daily in franking mat-
ter to my constituents and to the constituents
of everybody else, I have not that hungering
ana thirsting after the privilege of going and
buying stamps to put on to these documents
that I do it. If I have got to send them at
the cost of the Government, I would rather do
it by writing my name than by buying stamps.
That is a peculiarity in my constitution.
Mr. SUMNER. If my friend is influenced
simply by three cents 011 a letter to his con-
stituents, are there not constituents who are
kept from correspondence by having to pay that
sum ?
Mr. HOWE. One word in reply to the last
interrogatory which has been, or which I trust
will be addressed to me, for I have already
occupied more time than I intended. Is not
the Senator a little illogical? He argues that
because instead of going and buying a postage-
stamp or a lot of postage-stamps, and paying
for them, and then when I come to send olf
my letter taking out my porte-monnaie and
picking oat a postage-stamp, and putting it on
a letter, 1 had rather write my name on the
envelope, therefore, I would not write the
letter if I had to buy and put a postage-stamp
on it! I think that is not a fair deduction.
I think I should write the letter if I had
to put a postage-stamp on it; and I think
the argument is even weaker when he carries
it into the matter of franking books, which
weigh pounds, and which call for a good many
postage-stamps. I admit that the cost of send-
ing some of our packages, as the Congres-
sional Globe, through the mails would be a
serious discouragement to me if I had to pay
postage on them when they were sent. I am in-
clined to think they would fail of being sent.
Nobody proposes anything of that sort. It is
the matter of postage 011 letters ; that is all
we are now controverting, whether we shall
pay three cents, the present rate, or two cents,
or one cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Willey
m the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Ramsey,] as amended.
Mr. DRAKE. I am not going to discuss the
general merits of this proposition or of a re-
duced rate of postage. I wish simply to state
why I shall vote against this amendment. I do
not think there is any propriety at all, in the
existing condition of this appropriation bill, in
putting this controverted subject of legislation
upon the bill. We are within thirteen days of
the day when the appropriations made by this
will be needed for carrying on the Govern-
ment, and I do not think it is proper that we
should saddle this bill with a matter which must
give rise to controversy. I am perfectly will-
ing to meet the question when it is up as an
independent proposition, as we had it before
this appropriation bill came up. I am yet un-
williug to put this amendment 011 the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. STEWART. I move, as a further amend-
ment to the amendment, to add to it the fol-
lowing :
And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby authorized, after advertising as in
other cases, to contract with the lowest responsible
bidders, for the construction of telegraph lines over
the principal mail routes of the United States, and
to establish a postal telegraph system in connection
with the Post Oflice Department; and he shall reg-
ulate the charges upon telegraphing so that tho rev-
enues of the system shall as nearly as possible equal
the current expenses for operating the same; and
the construction account shall in no year exceed the
charge upon the Department of the franking privi-
lege for the fiscal year ending June 30,1869.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Nevada will give way to me for one minute I
want to ask of him and of Senators if they will
not consent to vote against all these amend-
ments, without regard to their merits, upon this
bill ? The Senator from Nevada has illustrated
to what we are coming. He proposes to estab-
lish a telegraph system by an amendment on
this appropriation bill. Others propose to
establish a cheap postage system. Now, is it
fair, and can we ever do any business under
such a system ? All these questions are open
for discussion. I am in favor of the abolition
of the franking privilege ; I would vote for the
House bill naked as it came here ; but I will
vote against it upon this bill, and against any
amendment in reference to that matter, if other
Senators will do the same, aud let us pass the
appropriation bill. Now, I ask the Senator
from Nevada if it is quite fair to introduce a
measure to establish a telegraph system byway
of amendment to this appropriation bill?
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will hear
me he will see that this is entirely germane to
the pending proposition. I am in earnestabout
it. I wish to show that this is germane to the
removal of the franking privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote that down
on this bill.
Mr. STEWART. I am opposed to putting
any of these propositions on this bill; but if
any of them are to go on the bill, I wish a few
moments to show that my proposition is ger-
mane and should be considered in connection
with the matter of the removal of the franking
system. It is well known that the mails are
not the only means of communication ; it is
well known that there is such a thing as a tele-
graph, and that the telegraph in this country
is agreat monopoly, operatitigagainst the poor,
operating against those who are unable to pay
a large sum for transmitting their communica-
tions. I think that the control of the telegraph
now by the rich is a great evil. I believe be-
tween here and the Pacific coast the country
would be better off without it than with it. It
takes the labor of a poor man from three to
four days to pay for ten words irom here to
my home. If I communicate with my constit-
uents by telegraph as much as I ordinarily
want to do it would take my whole salary. It
costs from seven to ten dollars to send a dis-
patch of ten words to my Stale. This gives
rise to a monopoly of news.
We need not talk so much of tho post office,
for it is superseded for the rich in a great
measure by tho telegraph. There is an aristo-
cratic institution that holds that instrument-
ality in its own hands ; aud in consequence of
its being a monopoly of news, the franking
privilege is the only means we have, though a
slow means, for sending such news as we may
wish to send.
The Western Union Telegraph Company has
made a statement which I presume is substan-
tially correct, containing some very strange
and peculiar facts, showing such a charge upon
the dissemination of knowledge, such a charge
upon the people, as was never endured by any
people before. The capital stock of this com-
pany is stated in 1858 at $369,700; in I860 the
capital stock of the company was $21,355,000.
In these eight years it has divided in stock
ยง17,810.148 45 ; in cash, $3,647,640.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. Telegraphing being for the
people's knowledge, I ask the Senator from
Nevada whether he contemplates by hisamend-
ment that all telegraphing shall be free and
paid for out of the United States Treasury?
Mr. STEWART. I do not. I have provided
that the charges shall be such as will pay the
cost of operating, so that it shall be a self-sus-
taining institution; the same principle the
Senator has been advocating in regard to the
post office. Here is a company piling up its
stock by millions upon millions, buying and
absorbing other lines, and monopolizing the
whole business, so that it has got the entire
machinery in its hands.
Connected with this is the Associated Press.
A small newspaper cannot afford to buy the
Associated Press news ; cannot afford to make
an arrangement with the company. The large
newspapers make these arrangements. They
disseminate the knowledge ; they have control
of it; they say what shall go to the country
and what shall not. I do not blame them for
exercising that power. They have the right
to exercise their judgment in this matter if
they please to do so; they have control of it
all. The only way a member of Congress can
send to his constituents reliable information
of what we do is through means of the frank-
ing privilege now. If you charge him with
postage, he has got to rely exclusively on the
Associated Press and the Western Union Tele-
graph Company. Like every other money-
making institution, these concerns accommo-
date themselves to the locality in which they
are. In good Republican States they have
good Republican reporters and operators, and
they send good Republican news. When they
are located in States where there is a strong
rebel feeling, their reporters and telegrapli
operators are strongly rebel, and iheir reports
are colored according to the sentiment of the
section, because it is pleasant to live in har-
mony with the people. It has been by means
of the franking privilege that the real facts
have been sent to the people.
I am not complaining of the Associated
Press. It is a great news machine; but it
works for its own purposes, and in its connec-
tion with the Western Union Telegraph it is a
monopoly. Talk about your mail facilities,
but they amount to nothing. What is read
is that which goes over the wires. It motkes
its impression; it forms public sentiment..
So far as forming public sentiment is con-
cerned, I say the Associated Press, connected
as it is with the Western Union, is the oniy
avenue to the people for public events. This
costly telegraphing is above the capacity of the
poor, out of the reach of the poor; and it
places all business matters in the hands of the
rich. If tho Post Office Department is really
to be a means of communication among the
people, it must keep up with the times, and it
must take charge of this new agency which has
been invented for the dissemination of knowl-
edge, for the communication of ideas between
men, and not allow such a monopoly as this
to grow up and control the affairs of the coun-
try. If this was merely a self-sustaining insti-
tution, it would be within the reach of all;
but the fact that it could start with a capital of
