3636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. TheTegular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of
a private nature; and the call rests with the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
j. rtjfcs tryon.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Commitee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do not pass, the bill (H. 11. No.
1083) for the relief of Past Assistant Surgeon
J. Rufus Tryon, United States Navy ; and the
same was laid on the table.
george sewell and william ii. shock. j
Mr. ARCHER, from the same committee, 1
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 291) !
for the relief of George Sewell and William !
H. Shock, of the Navy ; which was read a j
first and second time. j
The question was ou ordering the joint res- !
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the service of George Sewell and William
H. Shock, as chief engineers United States
Navy, shall be considered as having com-
menced at the same time as that of Samuel
Archbold, with whom they were examined as
first assistant engineers, and passed to promo-
tion to the grade of chief engineer.
Mr. ARCHER. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the :
inaiu question ordered; and under the opera- j
tion thereof the; joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
liine, and passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
officers and crew of ship nightingale.
Mr. STEVENS, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2002) for the
relief of the officers and crew of the ship
Nightingale.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the report
accompanying the bill was ordered to be printed
in the Globe.
The report'is as follows :
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition of Abel Tomsen and others, of
the crew of the American ship Nightingale, report:
That the petitioners set forth in their petition that
on tho22d day of October, 1860, they were shipped at
Liverpool, England, as seamen on board the Ameri-
can ship Nightingale, for alawful voyage to the East
Indies and thenee to the United Siates; that without
then consent the course of the ship was steered for
the coast of Africa, and they continued faithfully to
perform their duties as seamen on board said ship
until she was captured, on the 20th day of April, 1861,
in Kabenda bay, on the coast of Africa, for being en-
gaged in the slave trade, by the United States sloop
of war Sarn.toga, under command of Captain Taylor;
and the said ship was sent to New York, and there
condemned by default as n orize; and the proceeds
of her sale, amounting to upward of twelve thousand
dollars, paid into the Treasury of the United States;
and that a part of the crew which was sent with tho
ship to New York were paid on their petition in
admiralty, according to law, out of tho proceeds of
the sale of said ship for their services from the timo
of their shipment until capture, whilesuch proceeds .
were still remaining in the registry of the court at i
New York and before the same had been deposited
in the Treasury, but that they, the petitioners, wcro
detained by tho naval officers on tho coast of Africa
several months, when thoy were sent to New York
as witnesses on board of another vessel; but on their ,
arrival at New York it was too lato for them to re-
ceive their pay out of tho proceeds of said prize, the
same having already been paid into the Treasury of
the United States; and tho petitioners gave valuable
testimony as witnesses for tho Government on the
trial and conviction of the officers of said ship, which
fact is certified to by the United States attorney and
United States marshal at tho foot of tho petition,
with a recommendation from them for the payment
of the wages claimed. Hence the petitioners ask
that tho Government will provide by special act that
they may bo paid for their services whiioso employed
as seamen on board the Nightingale on a voyage be-
lieved by them to bo honestand legal, but which was
changed against their consent.
Wherefore the committee do report in favor of pay-
ing to Abel Tomsen, Thomas Orcastle, James Hopper,
Severrin Haaverson, John Peter Force, and James
Henderson, $72 40 each, and to Henry J. G. Wichelli
$41 66, in lull for their services on board the ship
Nightingale in herlate voyage from Liverpool to the
coast of Africa; and that chapter forty-one of the j
laws of Congress, passed February 19, 1863, be j
amended by substituting Brand for Brent, the latter ,
name having been by mistake printed for the former.
officers and crew of the kearsaiige.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2061) to compen-
sate the officers and crew of the United States
steamer Kearsarge, for the destruction of the
rebel piratical vessel Alabama; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was on ordering tho bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of State to sell so many of the re-
gistered bonds of the United States now under
his control belonging to the Japanese indemnity
fund as shall realize §190,000, which sum he
shall pay, without delay, to the Secretary of
the Navy, who shall pay the above amount to
Commander John A. Winslow and the officers
and crew belonging to the United States steamer
Kearsarge while engaged in the capture and
destruction of the rebel piratical vessel Ala- i
bama, on the 19th of June, 1864 ; the said sum ;
of $190,000 being the estimated value thereof;
the same to be distributed to the officers and
crew attached to the Kearsarge at the date above
named, according to the pay roll of the ship at
the time, and to be in lieu of the bounty author-
ized by the eleventh section of the act of June
30, 1864, to regulate prize proceedings, &c.,
provided that no money shall be paid to any
assignee of a mariner entitled to the same, but
only to the mariner in person, his wife, or if he
has deceased, to his legal representative, ex-
cluding any such assignee ; and provided also
that if any of the officers or crew of the said
United States steamer Kearsarge shall have
received the bounty provided for by the said
act of J une 30,1804, the same shall be deducted
from the amount to be paid to such officer or
seamen under the provision of this bill.
Mr. CULLOM. I would like to hear some
explanation of this bill, as it seems to me to be
a very important one.
Mr. HALE. This bill was discussed the
other day, and was withdrawn by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs only because of a point
of order in relation to the manner in which
this money is proposed to be made available, i
That point has been remedied by a change of
the bill, and I presume there will now be no
objection to it. 1 will now yield a few minutes
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Stevens,] who desires to say a few words.
Mr. STEVENS. There is scarcely any point
in the history of the recent rebellion surrounded
with more interest than the gallant sea fight j
off Cherbourg, in vyhich, on a bright Sunday
morning on the 19th ol June, 1864, the rebel
corsair Alabama went down. Certainly there
is no point in our naval records clothed with
more historic interest. At home the battles [
of May and June had been fought with doubt-
ful issue. Our lines had failed, after terrible
and repeated assaults, to penetrate the rebel
capital, and the forces of the enemy reposed
in apparent security behind the fortifications
which we had in vain assaulted.
The question of "recognition'' hung doubt-
ful in the balance. The Alabama, known as
"290," from the number of contributors who
had sent her forth on her errand of destruction
and death, was loaded with British supplies
and manned with British sailors, armed with
British guns, and freighted with the spirit of
British malignity to the Union cause She
was the champion of English hate and the ter-
ror of our peaceful commerce. She was caught
in the French harbor of Cherbourg by the Kear-
sarge, then under the command of Captain
Winslow. Her commander, Semmes, confi-
dent in his strength and pressed to the combat
by the public opinion of France and England,
sent a challenge to the Kearsarge, which was
at once accepted. This challenge was un-
doubtedly accepted with the determination on
the part of the officers and men of the Kear-
sarge to make an end of this rover of the seas
or to go down with the gallant vessel which
bore so largely the fortunes of their distant
country, strugglingfor national life in the mighty
throes of the great rebellion. The choice for
them was between victory and death, and they
accepted the issue.
It is well known that the Alabama moved
out of her harbor on that Sunday morning with
many advantages. She was the largest ship.
She was the work of the best efforts, of the
utmost skill known to the English marine.
Her tonnage was 1,150, while that of the Kear-
sarge was 1,031. Her battery consisted of one
100-pounder, rifled; one heavy 68-pounder,
rifled ; six 32-pounders—being one more gun
than the Kearsarge carried. The complement
of officers and men were nearly equal on the
two ships.
I shall not enter on any particular descrip-
tion of ihe fight. The incidents, which were
spread by the press throughout the country at
the time, will readily be recalled by all who
hear me. The battle lasted over an hour, and
while the fire of the Kearsarge is described as
deliberate and careful, it accomplished its pur-
pose by smashing the Alabama into ruins,
strewing her decks with the dead and wounded,
and opening her sides to the floodsof water which
rushed into her, putting out the engine fires,
and finally carrying her to the bottom. We
all remember the account; how the struggling
crew was picked up by the boats of the Kear-
sarge and by the English steamer Deerhound,
and the deep and shameful treachery with which
these men who had surrendered to our arms
were taken into an English port in violation
of the rules of war, but in accord with the
same treachery which, under English auspices
and with English capital, had fitted out the
pirate and sent her with an English crew to
prey upon our commerce and defy the flag of
the United States. It was, indeed, a gallant
action; it was a most propitious result. It
undoubtedly checked the progress of public
opinion in England and France, which so
strongly demanded the early recognition of
the independence of the confederacy, while it
served largely to strengthen anew the spirit of
loyalty and patriotism among the struggling
Union men of our Army and Navy at home.
But it was principally for the purpose of
alluding to a gallant son of New Hampshire,
who on that eventful day acted an important
aud noble part in the action which resulted
in the destruction of the rebel steamer, that
I now address the House. I allude to one
who was early my friend and neighbor, the
second in command of the vessel, and the
executive officer of the ship during the fight,
and now, by a felicity which will at once be
recognized by all, the commander of the gal-
lant ship which won the battle. I allude to
Captain James S. Thornton, who entered the
