2692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
■with any considerable manufacture in this
country. It is essentially a raw material in
this country, and I wish to impress upon the
House, and especially upon western members,
that their protection in favor of flax and tow
is not in the duty but in the transportation,
and that what the farmers apparently lose upon
flax in transportation is gained by a duty. But
what is manufactured is never compensated by
the great loss of cotton, our great staple which
goes abroad. We had better puta one cent tax
on cotton than pass this high tariff.
When gentlemen taunt me by saying that
we in New England ask a high tariff on every-
thing, while at the same time we are unwilling
to give any protection to anything in the West,
I have only to say, if this country can afford
it, 1 should be glad to see free trade in every-
thing. In that event New England can take
care of herself. But the duty imposed ou the
raw material is the reason why we want the
protection on the manufactured article. I am
willing to go as far as any one to protect agricul-
ture and supply raw material cheap; and
in reference to this article which affects the
entire agricultural interest, which affects the
entire cotton-raising interest, and which affects
the manufacturing interest, I pray the House
to pause and consider whether we shall impose
this high duty.
This, too, Mr. Chairman, affects the entire
carpet interest. The carpets manufactured in
this country are bagged by bagging made out
of jute. The manufacture of carpets has grown
to be a great interest in New England. This
does not, I thank God, antagonize the agri-
cultural interests of the West. It helps com-
merce, it helps the sailor, it helps the manu-
facturer, it helps the fanner, and it helps the
cotton producer.
Let me go a little further. I have the sta-
tistics before rae. The present tariff' has cut
this down, so you get less than $1,500,000 duty
in a year out of all- this trade. The amount
of importation prior to this trade gave $!i,240, -
000 duty. By raising this tariff does not make
it a tariff of revenue. It is a tariff of prohibi-
tion ; simply, sir, a tariff' of prohibition, and
every bushel of corn transported has to pay
part, of this great amount of duty lost to the
Government. I felt it to be my duty to pre-
sent these facts to the House. I speak here
in favor of the great shipping interest of the
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is wrong in all the i
facts on which he lias based the argument of \
his two speeches just made. He says we need 1
this cloth to prevent fires. I have the rates of
insurance charged by lire msuranco companies
in the city of New York on articles bugged in
this sort of bagging from 1866 to 1809, showing
the use of bagging from our own materials, a
better manufacture, has reduced the rates in
this proportion on the §100. In 1860, in the city
of New York, the rate on geneial merchandise
was 70 cents, and on cotton with such bagging
as the gentleman thinks we need, from 3o0 to
400 cents. In 1867 general merchandise paid
80 cents and cotton 300 cents. In 1868, gen-
eral merchandise paid 80 ccnts and cotton 200
cents, and in 1869 general merchandise paid
80 cents and cotton 100 cents; so that in this
time the rates on cotton have come down from
850 cents to 100 cents. The gentleman says
the tariff is prohibitory.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. KELLEY. I have but five minutes in
which to reply to the gentleman's ten minutes.
The gentleman says the tariff is prohibitory.
In 1860 we imported 14,961 bales of jute into
the United States, and m 1869, 91,478 bales.
This increase does not look as if the tariff were
prohibitory.
Mr. BUTLBK, of Massachusetts, again rose.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman. He has had ten minutes, and I have
only five in which to reply to him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to make a single remark?
Mr. KELLEY. I have only two minutes
left, and I decline to yield. These papers are
sent by business men and insurance companies,
and are an evidence of the care and pains your
committee have taken to settle all contested
questions. We have appealed to the importer,
the manufacturer, and the insurer. We have
appealed to various persons of each class. We
have compared the facts with which they have
furnished us, and I aver that the gentleman's
allegations are all aside from the case before
the House. Gunny bagging is unfit for cover-
ing grain. The gentleman argues that it is
wanted to carry grain, but 1 say that it is never
by any chance used for that purpose. Nor are
gunny bags made from jute butts. Jute butts
are used, as the gentleman from Connecticut
has stated, for paper stock, and for making
gunny cloth, but not for being transmuted into
bagging either for grain or cotton. And I de-
sire here to say to the gentleman from Con-
necticut that if he will examine the free list in
this tariff, which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts denounced as prohibitory, he will find
that the paper-makers have ample compensa-
tion in the free admission of Esparto grass,
j>aper waste, and paper cuttings, rags fit only
for the manufacture of paper, waste cotton
bagging, waste rope, and a variety of other
articles which are now taxed 10 per cent,.,
though they are the raw material of the paper-
maker. Jute butts enter into the making of
paper to a very small extent, and where the
paper-makers of the country will lose $1 by
having the rate of duty so increased on jute
butts as to give the flax and tow of the West
a fair market, and give those who transport
grain and cotton a covering which protects
them against spontaneous combustion, they
will gain 10 per cent, in the admission of other
materials for paper-making.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I do not understand that the
paper-makers are content, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kuu.et] has stated,
with this increase of duty.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman misappre-
hends me. t stated that if what the gentle-
man from Connecticut said was correct we
had compensated them by admitting free an
infinite variety of articles on which they now
pay 10 per cpnt. duty.
Mr. BANKS. I do not, understand that they
are satisfied with the addition to the free list.
On the contrary, the paper-makers in the dis-
trict which 1 represent complain that this will
be a great hardship to them in their business;
and although the facts stated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania may be true in regard (o
the character of the bugging made from jute
butts, in whole or in part, nevertheless it is
not always very wise for us to tax heavily or
to increase the taxes on the raw material, even
though its protection may be very profitable
to the insurance interests to which he has re-
ferred. But as regards its effect on the man-
ufacture of paper, it is directly a lax upon in-
formation; for though this raw material is not
used very much in tiie manufacture of printing
paper, yet it is a substitute for and may there-
fore be considered as so much added to that
which is now a scarce material, the material
of which paper is made; and the House ought
by no means whatever consent to an increase
of duty on a material which enters to a great
extent into the manufacture of the p'ipcr con-
sumed in this country.
The duty, as 1 understand it, is now S6;
and the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to increase it to $10. For what reason?
Eor what reason is this increase of 46 per cent,
to be made in the duty on these raw materials
entering into competition in no way whatever
with the products of the country, while the
increase affects immediately, directly, and in-
juriously our paper manufacturers ? I cannot
understand why this increase should bo made on
the duty upon this raw material when it affects
so directly perhaps the most important inter-
est of the country, namely,its paper manufac-
ture. I hope that the amendment submitted by
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Strong]
may be adopted, and that the duty on this
article may be retained as in the present tariff.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is just as I said when
I was up before. These gentlemen oannot
comprehend us. I oannot find an eastern
manufacturer but what thinks that his product
ought to have the highest possible protection
and everything he makes it out of come in
free. And that wo have heard so often that,
as I said here one day before, it almost drives
mo into free trade to listen to what we hear on
this subject.
1 have told the gentleman why this is. It
is because we can furnish material for his paper
stock, for his coarse yarn ; because we have in
the United'States flax and flax tow, hemp tow
and flax straw, and this jute comes in direct
competition with those articles. My hand is
full of remonstrances from all parts of the
country against that which these gentlemen
ask; and not satisfied with having rags and
half a dozen other things employed in paper
manufacturing come in for the first time free,
as we propose they shall, they want to put xhat
which comcs in direct competition with the
products of our own country also come in free
or continue at a very low rate of duty. They
are afraid this duty will be prohibitory. Look
at the figures. The year before last, in 1808.
the duties on iute butts—a different thing from
jute—amounted to S8,907; last year they
amounted to $34,272, or nearly five times as
much, and they are increasing in that propor-
tion. Every ton of jute butts that is brought in
prevents the use of piles upon piles and ton
upon ton of flax straw which we are burning
upon the ground because gentlemen who man-
ufacture upon the sea-board cannot see the
propriety of using an American article pro-
vided they can get some cheap substitute from
abroad. That is one of our reasons.
Now, the gentleman from Massachusetts
who first spoke, [Mr. Boiler,] fell into a
great mistake about this matter. Jute butts
arc not used for making gunny bags at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
said they were; I said gunny cloth.
Mr. SCHENCK. They are used for gunny
cloth. 'The gentleman went off and anticipated
the argument in regard to gunny cloth. While
1 am up lot. me say to the gentleman that the
cotton planter, with whom hosympathizes, does
not object for a good many reasons to use the
American article of cotton bagging made from
our tow instead of that made from jute butts.
And why? In the first place, because his
insurance is only two thirds as much, because
this thin material was such that thieves could
pick the cotton out, that sparks upon steam-
boats could enter into the bales of cotton, and
that fires ensued from it, and in consequence
of the introduction of the heavier and closer
fabric made at home the insurance has gone
down, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kioi.lkv] has already explained, about,
o'ie third.
There is another reason. The cotton-planter
sells his bale cotton without any tare, and the
heavier the cotton bagging and the heavier the
hoopings—and they are now substituting iron
cotton ties for cord upon that account as well as
for its greater security and nicety—the heavier
they are the more he makes, for wheu he sells
the cotton at 25 cents a pound he gets 2-3 cents
a pound for every bit of bagging and cotton
tie used in baling the cotton ; so that this
sympathy is all thrown away, as the cotton
planters themselves inform us. They prefer
the cotton bagging. TIow is it in regard to
the cotton bugging? Now, in the West man-
ufactories of this superior article of bagging in
which to put up the cotton crop of the South
are springing up and extending : and because
those factories use an article which is competed
