734
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cons....2dSess.
Laws of the United States.
attached, per same treaty, twenty-seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For surveying the reservation selected by
Indians for farming purposes, two thousand
one hundred dollars.
For purchase of seed to be furnished heads
of families who desire to commence farming,
as per eighth article same treaty, ten thousand
dollars.
For first of thirty installments to purchase
eight hundred and thirty-three suits of clothing
for males over fourteen years of age, flannel,
hose, calico, and domestics for eight hundred
and thirty-three females over the age of twelve
years; and such goods as may be needed to
make suits for eight hundred and thirty-four
boys and girls, as per ninth article same treaty,
twenty-two thousand seven hundred and sev-
enty-nine dollars.
Bannocks.
For first of thirty installments to purchase
five hundred suits of clothing for males over
fourteen years of age, the flannel, hose, calico,
and domestics for three hundred females over
the age of twelve years, and such flannel and
cotton goods as may be needed to make suits
for three hundred boys and girls, tea thousand
seven hundred and seventy-live dollars.
For first of ten installments for the purchase
of such articles as may be considered proper
by the Secretary of the Interior for eighteen
hundred persons roaming, and six hundred
persons engaged in agriculture, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter,
engineer, farmer, and blacksmith, six thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For first, of three installments, to be ex-
pended in presents for the ten persons who
grow the most valuable crops, five hundred
dollars.
For insurance and transportation of goods
that may be purchased for said Indians, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Shoxhones and Bannocks and other Bands in
Idaho and southeastern Oregon.
For this amount to be expended in such
goods, provisions, or other articles, as the
President, may from time to time determine,
including insuranceand transportation thereof,
in instructing in agricultural pursuits, in pro-
viding employes, educating children, procur-
ing medicines and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians; and
in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, forty thou-
sand dollars.
)S'issefon, Wuhpeton, Medawakanlon, and Wa-
pakoota Sioux.
For this amount to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles, as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation there-
of; in instructing in agricultural pursuits, in
providing employ6s, educating children, pro-
curing medicines and medical attendance, care
for mid support of the aged, infirm, and sick,
for {he helpless orphans of said Indians; and
in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, fifty thousand
dollars.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful iiitides, per sixth article treaty seven-
teenth November, seventeen hundred and nine-
ty-four, four thousand five hundred dollars.
Sioux of different Tribes, including Santee
Sioux in the State of Nebraska,.
For erection of warehouse or store room, as
per fourth article of treaty of the twenty-ninth
Oi A;irit, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For erection of an agency building for resi-
dence of the agent, three thousand dollars.
For erection of a residence for a physician,
three thousand dollars.
For erection of five buildings for a carpen-
ter, farmer, blacksmith, miller, and engineer,
each to cost two thousand dollars, ten thousand
dollars.
For erection of a school-house or mission
building, five thousand dollars.
For purchase of seeds and agricultural im-
plements to be furnished the heads of families
in lodges, six hundred, who desire to commence
farming, as per eighth article treaty April
twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
sixty thousand dollars.
For first of thirty installments to purchase
five thousand suits of clothing for males over
fourteen years of age, the flannel, hose, cal-
ico, and domestics required for five thousand
females over twelve years of age, and for such
flannel and cotton goods as may be needed to
makesuitsfor five thousand boys and girls, as
per tenth article of treaty of April twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, one
hundred and thirty-six thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For first of thirty installments to purchase
such articles as may be considered proper by
the Secretary of the Interior, for eleven thou-
sand four hundred persons roaming, and three
thousand six hundred engaged in agriculture,
per same article, one hundred and eighty-six
thousand dollars.
For purchase of five million four hundred
and seventy pounds of beef and the same quan-
tity of flour, per same article, nine hundred
and eighty-five thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For purchase of one American cow and one
pair of American oxen for each lodge or fam-
ily that commence[s] farming, six hundred
lodges, per same article, one hundred and
twenty six thousand dollars.
For pay of one physician, five teachers, one
carpenter, one miller, one engineer, onefarmer,
and one blacksmith, per thirteenth article same
treaty, ten thousand four hundred dollars.
For first of three installments to be expended
in presents for the ten persons who grow the
most valuable crops, as per fourteenth article
same treaty, five hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and the neces-
sary expenses of delivering goods to be pur-
chased tor the differentbands of Sioux Indians,
under treaty of April twenty-ninth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, forty thousand dol-
lars.
For payment of outstanding indebtedness on
account of Indian service in the Sioux Indian
district in eighteen hundred and sixty-eight
and eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, under
the supervision of General W. S. Harney, one
hundred and twenty thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
Sissefon, and Wahpeton, and Santee Sioux
of Lake Traverse and Devil's Lake.
For this amount to be expended in ruch
goods, provisions, or other articles as the Pres-
ident may from time to time determine, includ-
ing insurance and transportation thereof, in
instructing in agriculture and mechanical pur-
suits, in providing employes, educating chil-
dren, procuring medicine and medical attend-
ance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote
their.civilization, comfort, and improvement,
fifty tliousaud dollars.
S'Klaltams.
For first of five installments on sixty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fifth series,) under the
direction of the President, per fifth article
treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand four hundred dol-
lars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
supportof an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh
article treaty twenty-sixth October [January,]
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
employment of ablacksmith,carpenter, farmer,
and a physician, who shall furnish medicine
for the sick, per treaty June [January] twenty-
sixth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand six hundred dollars.
Tabeguache Band of Utah Indians.
For the seventh of ten installments for the
purchase of goods, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, per eighth article
treaty of October seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, and Senate amendment of
March twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
For the seventh of ten installments, per
eighth article of said treaty, for the purchase
of provisions, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron, steel, and tools
necessary for blacksmith's shop, as per tenth
article of said treaty, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant, as per
same article of same treaty, one thousand one
hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and general
incidental expenses of the delivery of goods,
provisions, and stock, as per same article of
same treaty, three thousand dollars.
Tabeguache, Muache, Capote, Weeminuche,
Tampa, Grand River, and Uintah Band
of Utes.
For pay of two carpenters, two millers, two
farmers, and one blacksmith, as per fifteenth
article treaty of March two, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, nine thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, per same article,
two thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron and steel, and the
necessary tools for blacksmith's shop, two hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For second of thirty installments, to be
expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, for clothing, blankets, and
such other articles as he may think proper and
necessary,under eleventh article of same treaty,
thirty thousand dollars.
For annual amount, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
in supplying said Indians with beef, mutton,
wheat, flour, beans, and potatoes, as per twelfth
article same treaty, thirty thousand dollars.
For insurance and transportation of goods
as may be purchased for said Indians, ten
thousand five hundred dollars.
Umpquas, (Cow Creek Band.)
For seventeenth of twenty installments in
blankets, clothing, provisions, and stock, per
third articletreaty nineteenth September,eight-
een hundred and fifty-three, five hundred and
fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Catapooias of Umpqna Valley,
Oregon.
For first of five installments of the fourth
series of annuity for beneficial objects, to be
expended as directed by the President, per
third article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for the
pay of a teacher and purchase of books and
stationery, per sixth article treaty twenty-
ninth November, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand four hundred and fifty
dollars.
