1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
Laivs of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Wichitas and other Affiliated Bands; and
Indians in Country leased from Choctaws.
For this amount to be expended iu such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including insurance and transportation thereof;
in instructing iu agricultural and mechanical
pursuits; in providing employes, educating
children, procuring medicine and medical
attendance, care for and support of the aged,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of
said Indians ; and in any other lespect to pro-
mote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, forty thousand dollars.
Walla- Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For first of five installments of third series,
to be expended under the direction of the
President, per secondartiele treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand
dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
purchase of all necessary mill fixtures and me-
chanical tools, medicines, and hospital stores,
books and stationery for schools, repairs of
schoolbuilding, and furniture,and foremploy6s,
three thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
pay and subsistence of one superintendent of
farming operations, one farmer, one black-
smith, one wagon and plow maker, one car-
penter and joiner, one physician, and two
teachers, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eleven thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
pay of each of the head chiefs of the Walla-
Walla, Cayuse, [and] Umatilla bands, the sum
of five hundred dollars per annum, per fifth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty five, one thousand five hundred dollars,
and the amount of six hundred dollars, bal-
; of appropriation for salary of the son of
:'iO pio-mox-mox, is libreby covered into the
i rearfury.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on one million dollars, at five per
centum, per fourth article treaty first Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thnty-seven, and
joint resolution July seventeen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, fifty thousand dollars.
For twenty fourth of thirty installments of
interest on eighty-five thousand dollars, at five
per centum, per fourth article treaty thirteenth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-six, lour
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For insurance and transportation of goods
that may be purchased for said Indians, one
thousand dollars.
For the purpose of refunding to the Winne-
bago Indians the amount taken from their
tribal funds to pay the expenses of their re-
moval from Minnesota, the sum of two hun-
dred and thirty-two thousand three hundred
and forty-five dollars and ninety-nine cents, of
which two hundred thousand dollars shall be
placed to the credit of these Indians upon the
books of the Treasury, on which shall be allowed
five per cent, per annum, the income therefrom
to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of theTnterior, for the erection ofhouses,
the improvement of their allotments of land,
the purchase of stock, agricultural implements,
seeds, and other beneficial purposes.
Wall-pah-pe Tribe of Snake Indians.
For fourth of five installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President,
as per seventh article treaty of August twelfth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, two thousand
dollars.
Tahama Nation.
For first of five installments of third series
for beneficial objects, under the direction of
'.he President, per fourth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen huudred and fifty-five, six thou-
sand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
support of two schools, one of which is to be
an agricultural and industrial school; keeping
in repair school buildings, and for providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of teaching
and two teachers, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand two hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
employment of one superintendent of farming
and two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fifth article
of treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, eleven thousand four hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair saw and flouring mills, and for
furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures, per
fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital, and providing the
necessary medicines and fixtures therefor, per
fifth aiticle treaty ninth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gun-
smiths', carpenters', and wagon and plow
makers' shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth article treaty June
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
pay of a physician, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for keep-
ing iu repair the buildings required for the
various employ6s, and for providing the neces-
sary furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the
salary of such person as the said confederated
tribes and bands of Indians may select to be
their head chief, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
Yancton Tribe of Sioux.
For second of ten installments (second
series) to be paid to them or expended for
their benefit, commencing with the year in
which they shall remove to and settle and re-
side upon their reservation, per fourth article
treaty nineteenth April, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, forty thousand dollars.
For rebuilding grist and saw mill, ten thou-
sand dollars; also,
For beneficent purposes, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Interior, with the
consent of any tribe of Indians, may use such
portion of their annuities, appropriated by this
act for the purchase of provisions, as in his
judgment the necessities of said tribe may
require.
GENERAL INCIDENTAL EXPENSES OF THE INDIAN
SERVICE.
A> isona.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service iu the Territory of Arizona,
presents of goods, agricultural implements,
and other useful articles, and to assist them to
locate in permanent abodes, and sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, seventy thousand dollars.
California.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in California, yay of employ6s,
presents of goods, agricultural implements,
and other useful articles, and to assist them to
locate in permanent abodes, and sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, seventy-five thousand dollars.
Colorado Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Colorado Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction or the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Dakota, Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Dakota Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Idaho Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Idaho Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use- 1
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in per-
manent abodes, and sustain themselves by the
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
twenty thousand dollars.
Montana Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Montana Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent *bodes, and to sustain themselves
by the pursuits of civilized life, to be expend-
ed under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, fifteen thousand dollars.
Nevada.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Nevada, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful arti-
cles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Interior, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Nejp Mexico.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in New Mexico, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in per-
manent abodes, and sustain themselves by the
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
fifty thousand dollars, including five thousand
dollars to be expended in establishing schools
among the Pueblo Indians.
Oregon.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service iu Oregon, including insurance
and transportation of annuity goods and pres-
ents, (where not special provision therefor is
made by treaties,) and for defraying the ex-
penses of the removal and subsistence of Indi-
ans in Oregon, (not parties to any treaty,) and
for pay of necessary employes, forty thousand
dollars.
Washington Territory.
For the general incidental expensesof the
Indian service in Washington Territory,includ-
ing insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and presents, (where no special provis-
ion therefor is made by treaties.) and for
