1870.
the congressional globe.
with by the cheap substitute brought into this
country from abroad these gentlemen cannot
understand why those articles which are -com-
peted with should not be broken down in order
to build themselves up, and they have never
been able to understand that thing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word on this point. When the Government
of the United States undertakes to stand in the
place of Providence, and arrange so minutely
as this bill does different industries, we some-
times find that there are divisions and collis-
ions between the different industries of the
country. And this is an example of several
of these divisions. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Banks,] insists that it is
a good and wise policy as far as possible to
allow raw material to come in free of duty, or
at a low rate, so that we can produce a finished
article as cheaply as possible. Now, what is
the raw material? One gentleman says that
flax and hemp enter largely into the cost of
building ships; that they are used to make rope,
which is a part of the raw material for ships,
and that if we will give them cheap rope they
will give us cheap ships.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In that
respect.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Now, sir, so
far as tho construction of ships is concerned it
is true that rope is a raw material, as is also the
canvas used for the ship's sails. But when you
come to the rope manufacturer he says that
rope is not a raw material, but it is the fin-
isher! product of his labor, and he says that
if we will only give him the raw material free,
which is flax, hemp, jute, or whatever else
may be used, he will bring you the finished pro-
ducts in the form of ropes or canvas or bagging,
lint now comes the farmer from tho West,
and says that this raw flax may be the raw ma-
terial for the rope and bagging manufacturer,
but it is the finished product of the farmer ;
that the raw material, so far as he is concerned,
is the soil he plows, the seed he sows, and the
labor of his own hands. He says if you will
give him a fair protection upon his product of
flax or hemp he will give it to you equal to
the best material which can be obtained from
India.
Now, when you inquire into the meaning of
this term "raw material" you find some very
curious things. I have to say to gentlemen con-
cerned in this matter that we in the Westhavo
just taken up the matter in the few years past,
and are now undertaking lo producc this hemp
and flax, and we propose to take our share in
the protection now given those advanced man-
ufactures, which some gentlemen seem to think
are entitled to the exclusive enjoyment of the
name of industry. In the three States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois there are now produced
from 40,000 to CO,000 tons of row flax per an-
num. Wo have commenced to grow this article
because we see that we ean furnish it from our
poorer fields. A worn-outfield, not fitfor wheat
or other grain, will produce a very good coarse
article of flax fiber. Hitherto our farmers have
been raising flax merely for the seed, which
they have sent to eastern oil-mills.
But recently, with a greater protection upon
our products, we have found that we ean pro-
duce the flax fiber ourselves with some profit.
But you now propose to let in upon this "in-
fant'' agricultural interest in the West your
jute, but-end first, and in every other way.
Now, we say we will put up the bars and pro-
tect ourselves. Therefore there are numerous
petitions coming in here upon this subject,
objecting to this reduction of duties, and for a
fair and reasonable protection upon this agri-
cultural interest of ours which we are now de-
veloping. I have, already said in this plaee
that i believe it would be wise to mt-.ke a rea-
sonable reduction of our present ratfjsof duty;
but as that policy has not prevailed in this bill
I shall insist that relative justice shall be done.
This is my reason for the vote I shall give on
this paragraph. I shall vote against the pro-
posed reduction.
Mr. ALLISON. Do they ask to have the
duty increased?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They ask that
it may not be decreased; and I presume they
would be glad to have it increased.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I wish to say a word in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelx.by.] He supposes that the insur-
ance upon cotton has decreased because of the
superior article of bagging which is used. I
wish to inform the gentleman that he is wholly
mistaken on this point. The doorcase in the
insurance upon cotton arises from the fact that,
as cotton is baled at present, iron ties are used
instead of rope. It will be found that in this
bill an enormous duty is imposed upon hoop
iron, such as is imported for these tics. It will
be found also that upon cotton bagging, which
we use extensively in the South, the enormous
duty of 3 cents per pound is proposed, being a
little less than 100 per cent.
Now, we hear a good deal about protecting
the interests of the West and of the manufac-
turer upon the sea-board. I want to speak in
the interests of those who use this bagging.
The gentleman from Ohio says that when this
bagging is used for baling cotton we sell the
bagging for a great deal more than we give for
it. Sir,any profit in this respect goes entirely
to the extensive dealer or the speculator. The
poor man who works from January to January
making cotton, and who sells it at the wagon,
sells it for the same price whether it bo
wrapped in old gunny bags or in such bagging
as costs 31 cents a yard. The consumer of this
bagging is the one who suffers most from these
enormous duties upon gunny bags and gunny
cloth. The poor colored man at the South
who makes cotton, and who pays 81 cents .i
yard for bagging in which to wrap it, is the
loser and not the gainer by using this high-
priced bagging.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend tho
amendment, and I do not know that I can bet-
ter reply to the gentleman who has just taken
his seat than by reading an article on bagging
from an expert on this subject:
"Cotton is sold by gross weight, no allowance
boing mado lor tare.
"Before Congress imposed tho present, rate of duty
on gunny cloth alt oureotton iv;tH covered with bug-
ging iinpoi ted from Calcutta. It was mado by na-
tives of India on liand-looma, and was of such mis-
erable quality—open, loose, weak, and sloazy—-that it
afforded to tho cotton almost no protection irom dirt,
thieves, and tire. The fact of its being so open in
texture mado it light in weight, and tho standard
weight of ono yard of it was & pounds.
''Tho American-made bagging is liuudsomelyard
closely woven, and is in con-'oqueucehca'sy, ono yard
of it weighing '& to 2! pounds.
"Six yards ot bagging are required to cover ono
bale of cotton, so that the bagging on each bale now
weighs, at 21 pounds per-yard, 33! pounds, whilo it
did weigh, before the introduction of American bag-
ging, at 2£ pounds per yard, 121 pounds ; gain in
weight i pounds, for which tho planter pays, if he
buys bagging at 25 cents per yard, $8 03, and for
which ho receives, if he sells cotton at 25 cents per
pound, $18 75.
" The planter thus makes a direct profit of 125 per
ccnt. on every cent hoinvests in our good, close, heavy
American bagging, lo say nothing of the enormous
saving he makes, through our instrumentality, in
such items as fire insurance, loss in weight, pickings
and stealings, and claims tor damage and Dad con-
dition of cotton.
"I claim that since and in consequence of the in-
troduction of our closely-woven American bagging
fires in cotton stores have become so rare that the
premium of insurance on cotton is now no higher
than that on general merchandise; while, before our
domestic bagging came into use, fire insurance com-
panies charged 4 to 5 per cent, on cotton, and only
I per cent, on other goods. To prove this I refer to
theanncxcd copies of certificates from Messrs. White,
Allyn & Co., Mr. Asa Bigelow, jr., and Mr. Samuel
L. Parsons, who I believe to be the most consider-
able insurance agents in this city.
"It is true that'the old pence duties' gave tho
planterchcap bagging, butthc planter does notwant
such cheapness againl Nor can X see how the most
ardent free-trader can fail to perceive that in this
case, at least, cheapness was not a blessing,
"Your opponents in this debate, advocates of free
trade, are probably of opinion that it is thcconsnm-
eraoi an artielowho reaily.payafltaxesartd charges
which have gone to make up tho cost of tho article.
.Now, gunny cloth is used only for covering'cotton,
and of tho cotton grown in this country by far tho
larger part is consumed abroad.
"The actual figures for tho past three years are:
18S8-60. lCGV-G'S. 1860-07.
Total crop 2.2G0.5G7 2,430,893 1,951,088
Cottsumedin the United
States    095,12? 903,165 864,039
Consumed abroad  1,265,140 1,402,728 1,037,049
"And during; theso particular three years a much
larger proportion of tho trap has been consumed at
home than ever before in the history of the country."
Mr. BUTLEIJ, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment lo the amendment. I
desire to add only two or three arguments to
those that have already been adduced in this
debate. And first, I wish to say a word in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Keiaky.] lie says that now gunny bags
can be insured for 70 cents, while it costs §3
to insure cotton.
Sir. KELLHY. I said that was the fact in
1S00.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Never
mind when.
Mr. KELLEY. There is a great deal in that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
nothing in it, except t.0 take up my time, and
the gentleman would not let me take np his.
What I mean to sa^ is that there is a vast differ-
ence in respect to insurance between general
merchandise and cotton. General merchan-
dise may bepig iron or grindstones, [laughter,]
whereas cotton is inflammable. Hence all that
argument about tho rale of insurance is simply
an argument to the prejudice. Within the last
ten years cotton, when packed for transporta-
tion, is more compressed than it used to be. It
is now secured by iron bands, as it was not
formerly, and is brought into smaller compass.
The gentleman says there has been a great
increase in the use of jute butts within tho last
few years. W by ? Because our manufacturers
are making cloth out of jute butts. But what
I said was that the duty on gunny bags and
gunny cloths has been increased to an enorm-
ous degree ; and I said that upon these tho
rate of duty here proposed is prohibitory. Tho
gentleman says that the duty is not prohibit-
ory on jute butts. I agree that it is not; but
it will be when we increase it from $0 to $10
a ton. Upon what theory does this increased
duty proceed, except that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Soiienck] proposes to protect, flax
butts? Let me tell him that this question
with reference to gunny bags, gunny cloths,
and jute butts has nothing more to do with
flax than he has to do with the East Indies.
It is hettip that is most used in gunny cloth,
or in bagging which takes the place of gunny
cloth. Hcnee I repeat it is a mistaken idea
that you are protecting flax with this cloth. 1
hope for as much protection for the products
of the earth as any man, and no man has
found me voting against them. I desire the
House and the country to understand this, be-
cause I tell you, Mr. Chairman, that if you
antagonize this tariff with every interest in the
country the party which passes this tariff will
be held responsible. We will most assuredly
have to answer for it. If you make the raw
material from which the cloth is made, which
covers cotton, cost twice as much by reason
of this tariff you will get no votes from the
southern States. You see that the southern
men on this floor understand what is their in-
terest, and they repudiate what has been said
on the subject of bagging on the other side.
The only question here is whether you will
levy this high duty upon the raw material
which so generally comes into use in our man-
ufactures. This raw material enters into every
farmer's house. It goes into every planter's
gin, and to put on itatariff absolutely 100 per
cent. —
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment, by unanimous consent, was
withdrawn.
