1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
provisions of this bill. When she does that
which is in their interest it is all right; then
she is reconstructed; then she is a State. I
take it that the very sophistical gentlemen who
argue here to prove that a State can or cannot
be a State, as it suits them, will admit that it
must be a State that can amend the Constitu-
tion. The Constitution says "States;" it does
not say Territories." So many "States"
must ratify a proposition to amend the Consti-
tution submitted by a vote of two thirds of the
two Houses of Congress to make that amend-
ment binding upon all the States.
Now, if Virginia was a State then, if she was
a State when she elected United States Sen-
ators, how can you reconstruct her now ? What
have you to do with her? She could not be a
State then and not be a State now. What has
she done since to forfeit her rights ? She has
participated in no rebellion, and she has not
taken up arms against the General Govern-
ment. I have not even heard that she has
killed a black man. There has been no assault
and battery committed on any of our colored
brethren. They have not been able to get up
even a decent row. There has been nothing
upon which to predicate an excuse, upon which
to hinge the color of an argument by which
you can turn her out again. A few months
ago she was a State ; she adopted the fifteenth
amendment; she elected Senators of the Uni-
ted States. This bill says that that was all
right and that we shall not go back on that;
and now, forsooth, you propose solemnly, in
the face of the American people, to violate
all the principles of justice and right and of
ordinary common sense, and to say that she
must be reconstructed and that you must re-
admit her.
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WOOD. 3 should like to have about
three minutes more. I yielded five minutes of
my time to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not object if
no other gentleman does.
No objection was made.
Mr. WOOD. Finally, Mr. Speaker, my ob-
jection to this bill is to its preamble. I object
lo the preamble, to the very first sentence of
the preamble, inasmuch as it assumes that
Virginia, the principal founder of American
liberty, the birthplace of Washington, Jeffer-
son, and Madison, the chief authors of the
Declaration of Independence and the Consti-
tution of the United States, has not heretofore
had a republican form of government. An
assumption so base and a statement so false
should not degrade the records of this Congress.
Sir, if she has had no republican form of gov-
ernment the American people have never had a
republican form of government; no State in
this Union has had a republican form of gov-
ernment ; we do not know what a republic is ;
because Virginia was the birthplace of the
Republic of the United States. It was the
genius of her statesmen, the heroism of her
warriors, the declarations of her orators that
made your republican form of government; and
you have no form of government for the Ameri-
can people to-day that was not given you by
the sainted sages of Virginia who came into
this Union by its birth and who framed the
principles and theory upon which it was
founded.
Mr. WHITTEMORE obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire before the
gentleman from South Carolina proceeds to
have an understanding about the vote. I am
requested by many members of the House to
ask for a vote on the bill as soon as possible
within a reasonable time, and I therefore desire
to give notice that to-morrow at three o'clock
I will call the previous question. There is a
large number of gentlemen who desire to speak,
and I submit to the House whether we might
not have an evening session for debate. I move
that the House take a recess from half past
four o'clock until half pastseven, and that the
evening session bo for debate only.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With the under-
standing that no business shall be done; that
the session shall be only for debate upon this
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is what I pro-
pose.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WARD. I object to that arrangement.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnstvorth] if
it is proposed to allow us a morning hour to-
morrow?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So far as I am con-
cerned I have no objection. I have given
notice that I shall call the previous question
on this bill to-morrow at three o'clock. If we
can have a session to-night for debate I pre-
sume a morning hour could be had to-morrow;
but if no session is held to-night for debate,
then no morning hour can be had to-morrow,
in view of the large number of members who
desire to be heard upon this bill.
Mr. DAWES. Cannot a majority of this
House determine to take a recess till this
evening ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly ; but it would
require unanimous consent to confine the ses-
sion of to-night to debate only.
Mr. DAWES. It is very evident that no
business will be done to-night. That, I think,
can be taken for granted. I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will move that the House
folfp o rPfPQQ
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _I move that the
House take a recess this afternoon from half
past four to half past seven o'clock.
Mr. WARD. I objected to the gentleman's
proposition when he submitted it before be-
cause I think this question is of sufficient
importance to be discussed in a full House.
If it is not to be discussed and considered in a
full House I think it should not be considered
at all. We all know what evening sessions are
for debate only; they arc always but slimly
attended. I am in favor of either taking the
vote without further discussion or of having the
discussion continued in a full House.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] that
the House take a recess from half past four to
half past seven o'clock, requires unanimous
consent, as it is an order concerning the future
action of this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move that
tho House now take a recess until half past
seven o'clock this evening.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
make a suggestion, that in order to give the
large number of persons who desire to speak
an opportunity to be heard upon this subject,
speeches shall be limited to thirty minutes
each after the gentleman now entitled to the
floor shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. DAWES. That cannot be done with-
out unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I presume no
one will object 10 that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope there will be no
such arrangement made. If this bill cannot
endure a speech of an hour, then let it go.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Farnswokth, that the House now take a recess.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn
takes precedence of the motion for a recess.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 53, noes 50.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion for
a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock p. m.) the House took a recess
till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m., (Mr. Wjsleek in the chair as
Speaker tempore,) and resumed the consid-
eration of House bill No. 783. t,o admit .the
State of Virginia to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. The gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. WjiiT-EEMORp]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Mr. Speaker, what
I shall have to say upon the bill presented by
the committee of which lam a member I,trust
will not be considered as prompted by any
effort to prevent the admission of a State which
has so long been knocking at the doors .of the
Capitol, whose eager anticipants of power have
plied their persuasive arguments and organized
endeavor to convince our ears and control our
acts, but rather as the expression of what I
believe isthe duty of all who not only have the
Constitution of the land to defend, but the
people of the whole country to protect.
I am aware that the subjeot of reconstruc-
tion is becoming tiresome to those who have no
part in it except to vote upon measures-which
have been legislated for it. I am also aware
that the word " reconstruction" has become a
hackneyed one, and the guardians of the pub-
lic weal indifferent as to the manner in which
the terms of the law regulating the great work
of tho rehabilitation of the States so-recently in
revolt, so unitedly engaged in the disruption of
the Union, shall be executed. The war having
closed in four years, with its cuin of .fcrtupe,
life, and civil compacts, it is believed that ore-
construction should end ,in as shprta time, ^Jid
our attention turn to other matters. "Iam
tired," says a grave Senator, "of this .ward
reconstruction;'' and therefore lie would have
us hasten in what.reipainp for us to do to the
final closing of the book. But, Mr. Speaker, I
think our individual comfort, our,^ase inlegis-
lation should be delayed until we are assared
we can enter upon such devoutly w.ished-for
results with security to ourselves and unques-
tioned protection to all who demand it at our
hands.
Gentlemen are impatient to lot the last of
the treason-workers gain their advantage Over
them. Virginia is knocking to come in 1 And
there are those who would not inqpire whether
they come in the uniform of treason or the
garments which congressional tailors have
established as the proper costumefor their re-
turn. The Old Dominion went out without our
leave, and she should not be permitted toreturn
withoutsome assurance of good behavior. The
Old Dominion went out with oaths and curses,
and the advocates of her restoration to the
places she deserted and the rights she spurned
begin to believe swearing unimportant and ad-
vise our acceptance of the old Commonwealth
with the express understanding that she shall
"swear not at all." It is not the first time
that the Scripture has been quoted by doubt-
ful theologians siuce the days of the great
tempter of the Son of God, the arch-deceiver
of men.
Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of this bill if I
can have no stronger provisions or conditions
named requisite for the admission of Virginia.
I believe, sir, wo are not doing our entire duty
in the premises. There is something more
than the bare performance of certain condi-
tions required in the law of April, 1869, p_ro-
, viding for an election in Virginia. Supposing
s an election has been held in accordance with
1 that act, and the constitution, which must here-
after be the organic law of the State, has been
ratified, are we not to inquire who are to exe-
cute these laws, who are to become the cus-
todians of the peace, the welfare of the hun-
