1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5525
Pacific railroad bill, I wish to say, if gentle-
men will permit me, that I have stood pledged,
as many other gentlemen, to three roads across
the continent. We have our middle road, and
we have the Northern Pacific railroad  
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to go to the
Speaker's table to take up the Air-line rail-
road.
Mr. RANDALL. I am opposed to going to
the Speaker's table to take up all the jobs
there.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Does that exclude the
consideration of all other business on the
Speaker's table until this is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. If this be taken up from
the Speaker's table it will supersede all other
business until disposed of.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to take up the Senate bill for the Southern
Pacific railroad, or the bill reported from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad?
The SPEAKER. There is nothing 011 the
Speaker's table but the Senate bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio propose to take up and pass the bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. I only propose to take
up the bill up for consideration.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a parliamentary inquiry. If this bill
is taken up for consideration, would it not be
in order to move an amendment to attach to
it any other railroad bill which anybody chose
to move?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Anything, I
suppose, that was germane.
The SPEAKER. There could not bo ap-
pended to this bill any other bill which is
before any committee of the House, or which
is on the Speaker's table. But any bill which
has not been considered or referred in the
House might be appended to it.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. Many gentlemen, I have
110 doubt, would be glad if the Speaker would
now state what is the condition of the appro-
priation bills and the general necessary busi-
ness of the House. I ask the Chair to make
this statement with a view to move for an
evening session to-night, if one is necessary.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[ilr. Allison] asks information in regard to
the state of the pending business. The Chair
understands that every appropriation bill ex-
cept the last deficiency bill, which contained
$1,000,000 additional for the census, and which
was passed by the House last week—that every
appropriation bill except that, and except.those
which have-already become law, is now in the
hands of a committee of conference. The
naval appropriation bill, the Army appropri-
ation bill, the sundry civil appropriation bill,
and the Indian appropriation bill are now be-
fore committees of conference. What progress
has been made with them the Chair is unable
to state.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should be glad if the
House would give us an opportunity of a hear-
ing on this question.
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
Mr. RANDALL. If the legitimate business
of the session is done, I think we had better
not enter on jobs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let us take a division
first.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
53. noes 67.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew my demand for
the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas fi-1, nays 113, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Asper, Tieatt.y, .Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bird,
Blair, James Brooks, Buflmton, Burr, Benjamin F.
Batler, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Cowles, Cnllom,
Dcgoncr, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Ela, Eldridge,
Farnsworth. Ferriss, Ifinkelnburg, Fisher, Haight,
Haldeman, Hambleton, Hawley, Hay, Holman, In-
gersoll, Kelscy, Ketcham, Laflin, Lawrence, Logan,
Loughridge, McCarthy, McCrary, Jesse II. Moore,
William Moore, Paine, Randall, Reeves,Rice, John
A. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Tanner,
Van Auken, Van Horn, Ward, Welker, Willard,
John T. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Atwood, Ax-
tell, Ayer, Banks, Barnum, Boles, Booker, Boyd,
George M. Brooks, Buckloy, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, WilliamT.
Clark, Coburn, Conger, Crcbs.Darrall,Davis,Duval,
Ferry, Pilch, Fox, Garfield, GeU, Gilfilhm, Hamill,
Hamilton. Harris, Hawkins, Hays, ilefiin, Hill, Iioar,
Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kelley,
Kellogg, Knapp, Knott, Lash, Lewis, Lynch, May-
bam, Maynard, McCormick, McGrew, McKee, Mc-
Kenzie, McNeely, Mercur.Milnes, Eiiakim H.Moore.
Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J.Morrell, Mungen,Myers,
Neglcy, O'Neill, Orth, Packer, Peek, Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Rogers, Roots, San-
ford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck.Sehumaker, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Wil-
iam J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth-, Starkweather, Stokes, Stoughton, Strick-
land, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe. Taylor, Tillman,
Townsend, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Voor-
hees, William B. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams, Eugene M. Wil-
son, and Witcher—113.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Bailey, Barry,
Beaman.Beek, Biggs, Bingham, Bowen, Buck, Bur-
ehard, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner,
Cook, Covode, Cox, Dawes, Doekery, Donley, Dox,
Dyer, Gibson, Griswold, Hale. Hogc, Hooper, Ilotch-
kiss, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Marshall,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Newsham, Niblaek,
Packard, Palmer. Perce, Piatt, Pomeroy, Ridgway,
Scofield, Porter. Shober, Sheldon, Slocum, Steven-
son, Strader. Van Trump, Van Wyck, Wallace,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Winans, and Winches-
ter—53.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VAN TRUMP. On all votes in relation
to the Southern Pacific railroad bill I am paired
-rfith Mr. Dockeky, of North Carolina. I sup-
pose this to be a motion unfriendly to that bill,
and I therefore decline to vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not make the motion
in that sense at all.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs,
"Will the House suspend the rules to take from
the Speaker's table for consideration the South-
ern Pacific railway bill?"
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to move to amend
the motion so as to include the apportionment
bill.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules cannot be amended.
Mr. BINGHAM. Cannot I move to amend
so as to include that bill in the motion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who made
the motion to suspend the rules can include it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will not my colleague
[Mr. Schenck] include in his motion theappor-
tionment bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot. I will say to
gentlemen now that if the House agrees lo
take up the bill I expect to leave the manage-
ment of it to the chairman of the proper com-
mittee—the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate, and
demand the yeas and nays on the motion to
suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—•
yeas 74, nays 107, not voting 49 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Atwood,Axtcl!,
Ayer, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Bennett, Bingham,
Booker, Roderick 11. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Conger. Covode, Darrall, Ferris.?,
Fisher, Fitch, Caifield, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins,
ileliin, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckos, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Knapp, Laflin,
Lash, Maynard, McCormick. McGrew, McKee, Mc-
Kenzie, Milncs, Eiiakim H.Moore, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, Perce, Poland, Porter,
Prosser, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck. Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Joseph S.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tillman, Trimble,
Twichell, Van Horn, Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore, >
Wilkinson, and Eugene M. Wilson—174.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, j
Asper, Bailer, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bird, j
Blair, Boles, James Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, >
Burchard, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Cessna,
rwS yn Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cowles, Cox, Cullom,Davis,Degener, Dickey,
Dickinson, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ela, Eldridge,
lorry, Fmkelnburg, Fox, Getz, Gilfillan, Haight,
Ilaldemaii,Hambleton.Hainill, llawley, Hay,Hays,
IIill. Hoar, Holman, Ingersoll, Judd, Kelsey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Lough
ridge. Lynch, Marshall McCarthy, McCrary, Mc-
Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
0 Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Peek, Potter
Randall Reeves,Schumaker, Shanks, Slocum, John
s.'.. iff1' Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens,
btiies, Stone, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Taylor,
lownsend, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Voorhees Ward, William B Washburn, Welker,
Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Witcher, and
Woodward—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Boaman, Beck,
Biggs, Bowen, Boyd. George M. Brooks, Buck, Bur-
dett, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Crebs, Dawes, Dock-
cry, Dox, Dyer, Farnsworth, Gibson, Griswoldj Hale,
lloge, Alexander H.Jones, Julian.Mayham.Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, Newsham,
Niblaek, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy,
Rice, liidgway, Scofield, Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Stevenson, Strader, Tanner, Van Wyck, Wallace,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Winans, Winchester, and
Wood—49.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call, the following announce-
ments were made :
Mr. YAN TRUMP. I am paired on this
question with Mr. Dockbrt. If he were pres-
ent he would vote "ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. GRISWOLD. I am paired with Mr.
Dox. He would have voted "ay," and I
would have voted " no."
Mr. MORGAN. I am paired off upon this
question with Mr. Cobb, of North Carolina.
He would have voted <:ay," and I would have
voted "no."
Mr. WINCHESTER. I am paired withMr.
Morrissey. He would have voted "ay," and
1 would have voted " no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular
order of business.
CHARGES AGAINST GENERAL II0WAED.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to make a report from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor in relation to the investiga-
tion in regard to the charges and the affairs of
the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. ARNELL. I simply desiro to make the
report, and to have the resolutions which ac-
company it, and also the resolution of the
minority of the committee, read at the desk,
and to ask the House to consider them to-
morrow at one o'clock, and also that the
majority and minority reports may be printed
in the Globe.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it will take no time I
will not object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman
have a right to call this up for action to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. That will require a two-
thirds vote of the House. The Chair would
say that if it is the purpose or desire of the
gentleman to bring this up for action to-mor-
row it will be well-nigh an impossibility to do
so. He can obtain action on the resolution
now as well as at any other time. But it will be
well-nigh impossible to get it up for discussion
to-morrow.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleinaS-'tall state it.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to inquire 'whether the
consent of the House that these reports and
resolutions be now received and ordered to be
printed will give any one any more power to
call them up to-morrow for action without a
two-thirds vote than if that consent was not
given ?
The SPEAKER. Not a particle.
Mr. HOAR. 'Then I understand that what
is asked for now does not bind the House to
do anything more to-morrow than it may want
to do.
