1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3637
Navy in his early youth, and who bears to-day
that character which the American citizen
loves to admire in the accomplished gentleman
and gallant sailor. A great grandson of Mat-
thew Thornton, whose name is enrolled in our
Declaration of Independence; and true to his
revolutionary ancestry, he on that day exhib-
ited a daring coolness and ability of execution
which justly place him among the heroes of
our Navy. Without intending todetractat all
from the merit of any officer who participated
in the action on that day, I am constrained to
believe, from what f have gathered in conver-
sation with many distinguished gentlemen of
the Navy, that lie will ever be regarded as
having lent to the success of the battle a much
larger aid and greater potency of effort than
bas been accorded him in the official.reports
which have been made of the affair. He is a
native of my district, and I desire here to-day,
sir, to claim for New Hampshire, through him,
her full share in that glorious achievement, and
to recognize thus publicly in the Halls of Con-
gress his gallant services in that most gallant
action. New Hampshire is proud of him, as
she is of those of her other heroic sons, living
and dead, who in the naval service of the Union
have taken part in the great conflict through
which we have passed; but to none more readily
and more freely than to him will be accorded
her meed of praise for gallant action and mer-
itorious service, while she is justly grateful of
that official recognition of character and ser-
vice which has assigned him to the command of
the gallant vessel in which his fame was won.
Now, sir, upon the question of the passage
of this bill, what does it seek to do? It seeks
to reward the actions of which I have spoken
by appropriating a sum of money, to be distrib-
uted in the nature of prize, to the officers and
men who accomplished this great victory, so
important and so historic. While I desire to
proceed with great caution in the appropriation
of sums of money from the Treasury of the
United States, either upon claims of what is due
or as a reward for gallant service performed,
I am free to confess that among the many cases
which have been presented to this House during
my membership I know of none more worthy
of our recognition or more strongly commend-
ing itself to my judgment than the present bill
now under consideration. I think it due to
the reputation and honor of the country; I
think it due, while we have prize-laws upon
our statute-book, in justice to the officers and
men of the Kearsarge—I think it due to that
recognition which it has heretofore received in
its passage through the House, that the bill
should again receive our sanction; and enter-
taining these views, I shall cheerfully vote
for it.
Mr. HALE. I now call the previous question.
Mr. FITCH. Is it proposed to take this
money out of the Japanese indemnity fund?
Mr. HALE. It is.
Mr. FITCH. Then I must object to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object, for the bill is before the House
upon a regular report of the committee.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I had been in when
this bill was reported this morning I should
have asked for some explanation of it, some
reason for taking this money out of the Japan-
ese indemnity fund. I think it is a very unwise
disposition of this fund, and a very doubtful
compliment paid to the officers and crew of
the Kearsarge to give them money obtained as
this was.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS AND CREW OF THE WYOMING.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 1072, for the relief of the officers and crew
of the United States ship Wyoming.
The question was upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of State be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to sell so much of the
registered bonds of the United States now un-
der his control belonging to the " Japanese
indemnity funds" as shall realize $100,000;
which sum he shall pay without delay to the
Secretary of the Navy, who shall cause the
whole amount thereof to be distributed among
the officers and crew of the United States ship
Wyoming, who participated in the action at
Simoniseki, in July, 1863, under the same laws
and regulations that no w govern the distribution
of prize-money.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to this bill.
The SPEAKER. Upon what ground?
Mr. MAYNARD. If I heard correctly the
bill as it was read, it is subject to the same
objection that I made to the Kearsarge bill the
other day.
Mr. ARCHER. It does not appropriate any
money from the Treasury.
Mr. DICKEY. Where does the money come
from ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The money is not in the Treas-
ury, but subject to the order of Congress.
Mr. CULLOM. How much money is it pro-
posed to appropriate by this bill ? It is an
Indirect way of using up the Japanese in-
demnity fund, instead of covering it into the
Treasury.
Mr. ARCHER. This is all.
Mr. CULLOM. What is the amountappro-
priated by this bill?
Mr. ARCHER. Only $100,000.
Mr. CULLOM. And the bill we have just
passed takes $190,000 more of that fund.
Mr. ARCHER. No; $150,000; and the
two amounts do not equal the accrued interest
on the fund.
Mr. PAINE. I should like to hear some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. ARCHER. I wil 1 caTl the previous ques-
tion, and if it is seconded then I will have the
report read which accompanies this bill, and
will then yield to the gentleman if he desires.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
No amendment can be entertained, as the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Archer] has called
the previous question.
Mr. ARCHER. I will hear the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to amend this bill
by striking out all of the first part to the words
" and pay the same to," in the seventh line,
and inserting instead thereof " The Secretary
of the Treasury be, and is hereby, author-
ized and directed'to payout of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
$100,000."
Mr. ARCHER. I cannot consent to have
that amendment offered, but insist upon the
previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the House will
vote down the previous question, and allow me
to offer the amendment I have indicated.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is
in order.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 50, noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Archer and
Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 03, noes 53.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Maryland i
stated that after the main question was ordered
to be put he would explain to the House the
reasons for the passage of this bill.
Mr. ARCHER. I rise to close the debate
on this bill, and I do not know any better
explanation I can make than to have read the
report unanimously agreed to by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. .But first I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered, and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. •
Mr. ARCHER. I now ask for the reading
of the report of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Archer, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, made the following report :
That in the month of July, 18G3, tlie American
Bteamer Pembroke was fired upon in the straits of
Simonoseki, in tho Japan sea, by two vessels of war,
a brig of ten guns and a bark of eight guns, belong-
ing to tho Japanese prince of Nagato. Commander
MoDougall, then in command of the Wyoming, in
the China and Japan seas, being informed of the
attack, ordered the vessel to sea and proceeded to
the loeality of the outrage. On the morning of the
16thof July he approached thestraitsof Simonoseki,
and upon entering the straits ho discovered asteamer,
bark, and brig of war, and as he approached them
and passed between the brig and bark was fired upon
by the vessels and six batteries on shore. Com-
mander McDougall returned the fire at short range,
and placing his vessel in the proper position main-
tained tho fight for about an hour. The boilers of the
hostile steamer wore exploded by tho shell of the
Wyoming, and tho other vessels were believed to be
badly disabled, and the brig to be sinking, and Com-
mander McDougall reported that he had accom-
plished great destruction on shore. Having thus
maintained the fight, Commander McDougall with-
drew from the action, the fire being continued by tho
batteries a? long as lie was in range. The Wyom-
ing lost four men killed and seven wounded, re-
ceived considerable damage in her smoke-stack and
the rigging aloft, was hulled eleven times, and sus-
tained other injuries, as the papers will show. Tho
straits were three quarters of a mile wide, with a
strong current, and the want of charts greatly in-
creased the difficulties of the position in the presence
of amuch superior force. The action was maintained
by Commander McDougall, his officers and men, with
skill and bravery. In tho Japan Commercial News
of the 24th of July, 1S(33, it is thus described: "The
captain, all his officers, and crew behaved with the
utmost coolness and bravery. The Wyoming was
run into the midst of tho enemy's vessels, receiving
and returning broadsides at pistol range, at thosaino
time sustaining a hot and continuous fire from tho
shore batteries." Tho eommitteo believe that Com-
mander McDougall, his officers, and men, punished
the outrage committed upon an American vessel
skillfully and gallantly, and that their conduct
entitles them to the gratitude of their country.
The memorialist asks that there shall be allowed
to him, his officers, and men, tho value of the three
vessels, as prize-money. Can that bo allowed? The
hostilities against our steamers and ships of war
were not the acts of belligerents, and therefore the
claim cannot rest upon the laws regulating belliger-
ent prize or bounty. Wo were at peace with Japan,
and did not regard the hostilities of the Prince of
Nagato as those of abelligerent. Tho firing into tho
Pembroke and the attack upon tho Wyoming wero
piratical acts, and have been so treated, both by tho
United States and Japan. Prize is allowed in pirat-
ical cases only when the craft is captured and con-
demned, in which case the proceeds of the capture
are equally divided between the Government and
the captors. In this case there wa3 no capture, al-
though tho benefits which accrued to our Govern-
ment were infinitely greater than if an actual capture
had been made, and it does not come within the letter
of the law. Can the claim then rest upon the equity
that the "officers and crew, constrained by a dis-
creet and patriotic sense of duty," fought " three
piratical or hostile Japanese vessels," and sunk and
destroyed two, and that the United States subse-
quently justified their conduct by concluding a con-
vention with Japan, whereby she received a full
indemnity? Tho conduct was gallant; it aided to
suppress formidable hostilities to our commerce, and
contributed to securing the convention of October,
1864, whereby an indemnity was received far beyond
the injuries done to tho Pembroke and Wyoming.
Tho sum of $650,000 has been paid to our Government
by Japan as indemnity and is now in registered
bonds, subject to appropriation by Congress. The
committee think it proper that prize-money bo
allowed out of tho money received under the con-
vention.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like thegentleman
from Maryland to state upon what principle he
urges that $100,000 should be given to theoffi-
cers and crew of this ship Wyoming. I ask
him whether they did anything beyond their
ordinary duty? Were they exposed to any
unusual hazard? Were their gallantry and
efficiency greater than numberless actions of
our Navy during the war ? I understand this
vessel chastised three insignificant, unimportant
