1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1749
tified Congress in renewing its legislation upou
her.
Now. Georgia coming here under these cir-
cumstances. with her Legislature purged and
the acts! of Congress obeyed, what is the pres- '■
ent condition of things? We are only asked 1
bv this bit 1 to do in respect to Georgia precisely
ulmt we dul in respect to Virginia. Can any
gentleman tell me any reason why Georgia
should staud in any better condition than Vir-
ginia? Can any man deny that the concluding
act which would have reconstructed her was
never performed ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to suggest that the constitution of
Georgia was not like the constitution of Vir-
ginia ?
Mr. DAVIS. I know it was not.
Mr. FAUNSWORTH. Therefore the same
conditions imposed upon the one would not
apply to the other.
Mr. DAVIS. We required certain objection-
able provisions of the constitution of Georgia
to be expurgated, and then her constitution
was substantially like that of Virginia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In 18(58 among the
conditions imposed upon Georgia was that she
should consent to the annulment of two pro-
visions of her constitution. That requirement
i? no-.v left outof the bill of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] What will be
the effect of that ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will give way to the gentle-
man to move to insert that condition by way
of amendment, if he desires.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to know
what will be the effect of this bill upon the
annulment of the two provisions of the con-
stitution of Georgia required by the act of
1803.
Mr. DAVIS. That annulment has been as-
sented to by the express action of the present
Legislature, and the evidence lias been pre-
sented to this House; but I must decline these
interruptions. I refer the gentleman to the law
of Congress of 1867, which provides—
"That until the people of the late rebel States
sis ail by law be admitted to representation in the
Oor.ere?s of theUnitedStates, tkecivil governments
which exist therein shall be deemed provisional only,
un.l shall in all respects besubject to the paramount
authority of theUnitedStatesatany time to abolish, 1
modify, control, and supersede the same."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have already 
Mr. DAVIS. I decline to be interrupted
further by the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man yield to allow the Speaker to lay an import-
ant telegraphic dispatch before the House ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read a
telegraphic dispatch which has been handed
to the Chair.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It is announced in New York, by telegraph, that
the City of Boston has arrived at Liverpool under
sail."
The reading of the despatch was received
with applause on the floor and in thegalleries.
Mr. DAVIS. Sir, I accept the omen of
this telegram ; and I trust that before the close
of another day the State of Georgia, after her
long and devious wanderings, wiil arrive safely
in port under Republican sail. [Laughter and
applause.]
Mr. Speaker, it has been urged here that by
putting Georgia upon the same basi3 as Vir-
ginia we jeopardize the fourteenth amendment.
1 have read the speech of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Faiixsworth.] who takes that
position; and if I be not mistaken, the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
assumes to-day the same position. Have those
gentlemen forgotten that in the joint resolu-
tion of Congress declaring the ratification of
the fourteenth amendment Georgia was not
included? The act of Georgia was not neces-
sary to make that ratification complete. That
ratification was promulgated by the passage of
a resolution on the 21st day of July, 1868, in
which the fourteenth amendment was declared,
by the ratification of the requisite number of
States, of which Georgia was not one, to be a
part of the Constitution of the United States.
What becomes, then, of this argument that by
the passage of this bill we jeopardize tho four-
teenth amendment? That amendment would
stand as a part of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States though Georgia should sink out of
existence forever.
• Mr. FARNSWORTH. But what becomes
of the ratifications of North Carolina, South
Carolina, and other States which ratified in
the same way ?
Mr. DAVIS. I am insisting, sir 
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the gentleman will not
interrupt me. <
Mr. WARD. I rise to a point of order. My
colleague [Mr. Davis] has several times indi- |
cated his unwillingness to be interrupted ; and i
I submit that gentlemen are out of order in
not permitting him to proceed with his remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York declines to be interrupted.
ilr. BINGHAM. I am not going to inter-
rupt him.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from i
New York declines to be interrupted the Chair
must protect, him in his rights.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to
allow me, as an act of justice, to make a single
statement ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, for "an act of justice."
| Mr. BINGHAM. Thesameactwhichauthor-
ized Georgia to ratify the fourteenth amend-
ment authorized five other States to ratify it.
If this Congress can repudiate the act of
Georgia, some other Congress may repudiate
the act of the other five States, and that defeats
the amendment. Let the gentleman answer
that.
Mr. DAVIS. And this the gentleman calls
"an act of justice 1" Sir, the several other
States to which the gentleman alludes came
into the Union by being admitted to represent-
ation in accordance with the law of 1867.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; the gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. They came in according to the
! act of 18G8.
: Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, and so did Georgia.
; A Member. Georgia is not in yet.
' Mr. DAVIS. While the act of 1808 remained
in full force all the States to which the gentle-
man refers, except Georgia, came in and were
received under it. But while that act remained
in full force Georgia failed to avail herself of
its benefits. While she occupied that position,
having failed to send her Senators and Rep-
resentatives to Congress, which as I concede
would have consummated her right if they had
been admitted ; while occupying that position
she committed these acts of bad faith, these
outrages upou the laws of Congress which
remanded her to her former condition. I am
J not to be driven from that point. It is sound
• in law, sound in fact, if you concede, as this
House must concede, that the various recon-
struction acts of Congress were within its con-
i stitutional power.
! Now, sir, I cannot find an analogy between
i the State of North Carolina and the State of
,5 Georgia; for North Carolina, under the act of
i1 1868, came forward, and by sending duly qual-
ified Senators and Representatives, were
admitted into Congress, consummated her re-
lations to the Union and has ever since enjoyed
i them. Georgia, while her rights were in abey-
ance, without consummation, committed acts
• which justified Congress in its protanto repeal
of the law of 1868. The act of December last,
passed while that condition of things remained,
by necessary implication took away certain
j rights which Georgia might have acquired
ji under the act of 1868. Henceforth she stands
|j upon existing law—the law of last December,
the law of 1867, the law of 1868, in so far aa
it was not modified by the subsequent legisla-
tion of Congress. And she has no right to com-
plain, since her own misconduct has brought
this condition of things upon her. Who
does complain on the part of Georgia to-day?
Here cornea an authorized legislative body.
Do gentlemen impugn the present Legislature?
Do they tell us the present Legislature of Geor-
gia is not authorized under the constitution of
Georgia and the reconstruction acts, and is not
a valid Legislature? All! instead of tiiat they
declare on this floor that she has a Legislature
both de facto and dejure, and not a "provis-
ional" one. They argue about a question which
is not of the slightest moment. It is not of
the least importance whether that Legislature
be "provisional'' or permanent under the con-
stitution, so far as aftects the right of Congress
to act. If 1 be right iu my statements of facts
relative to Georgia, she stands here to-day to
call for your action in one of two forms—either
by the passage of such a law as you passed to
admit Virginia, or by the concurrent admission
of representatives to both Houses of Congress,
which would be a consummation by common
consent of her restoration to the Union. Inas-
much as the latter of these things is impossible
in the present exigency, the former presents
itself as the mode in which Congress ought to
act on the subject.
I repeat, no official of the State and no
authorized legislative committee on the part of
Georgia come here to complain of your pro-
posed action. On the contrary, the Governor
of that State and the Legislature join in asking
for the passage of this bill. They come here
and sav, '* We have complied with your laws."
Who is it, then, that objects? A minority who
sought to defeat the operation of the law of
December, 1869; a minority who, with the
expurgated rebels, were once a majority, and by
their strength as such thrust back in your face
with insult the provisions of your laws which
would have given complete reconstruction to
Georgia by admitting her to representation to
both Houses of Congress. Are we to listen to
them, or shall we proceed, with a decent regard
for our own dignity, in the process ot recon-
struction by the passage of this bill?
What else does this bill do against which
no one complains? The preamble proceeds:
"and whereas the performance of these several
acts in good faith is a condition-preeedeut to
the representation of the State in Congress."
Does any one impugn the truth of that? Con-
gress was never bound to accept the perform-
ance of these several acts in bad faith. When
' Congress said to Georgia, "Do these things and
. you shall be admitted to seats in Congress," did
it not ahvaj's mean " Do them in gpod faith?"
Without using these words law, justice, at|d
equity, and every principle which gpverns hon-
orable men implied themt and this preamble
J reiterates what has been constantly offered to
Georgia ever since the act of 1867.
1 Now we are called upon to decide whether they
have done those things iu good faith, and until
now I assert without fear of contradiction that
the action of Georgia has been taken at all
times, as is proved by her own subsequent con-
duct, in bad faith. We say that the perform-
ance of these several acts in good faith was a
condition-precedent to the representation of
the State in Congress, and we solemnly declare
that Georgia is now entitled to representation
in Congress because she has at length done
those things in good faith. No one gainsays
that. We add several conditions looking only
to the future. Is there any injustice or any
wron0, iu imposing those conditions upon that
i State"under all the circumstances? Have we
! not had Punic faith enough at her hands? ihe
! bill is prospective only in its conditions. It
; proposes no consequences to affect a present
admission to representation. It looks to the
future, and so far as Congress has the power,
declares that we require at the hands of Georgia
the performance in good faith of certain further
