4582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 18,
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. I do so with reluctance;
but I think we can gain nothing by discussing
t his subject now, and I would suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts that we take a
vote, without any debate upon the question,
whether we shall put the measure on this bill.
! ,et the question, whether this measure shall
be put upon the appropriation bill or not, be
settled at once without debate.
Mr. SUMNER. That can be doue only
after the Senate has voted on the amendments
which will be moved.
Mr. CAMERON. Let it be understood that
this vote shall decide the question of keeping
off all amendments.
Mr. RAMSEY. Just let us vote on my
amendment as it is.
Mr.- CAMERON. If it fails I take it for
granted the chairman of the Committee on
Post. Offices and Post Roads will .cease his
efl'ort.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let the vote be on my
amendment.
ilr. CAMERON. I will take it on either.
Mr. SUMNER. I prefer to take the natu-
ral course of business. I did not introduce
this proposition 
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator will allow
me again to interrupt him?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator is desirous
to carry out a great reform, in which I agree
with him. The more I have listened to him
the better satisfied I am that his theory is cor-
rect, if not for the moment, in the future ; but
I have made up my mind that you can make
no alteration of this system now that will suit
anybody, and I am unwilling that the great
business of the country shall be interrupted
because of these discussions. Let us take this
question now, and let it be a test question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that the question be
submitted to the Senate whether it will adopt
any of these reform measures, as they are
called, upon this appropriation bill; and if the
Senate votes that it will not, that disposes of
all of them. Can we not by general consent
take that course?
Mr. HARLAN. That would be an amend-
ment of the rules of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By unanimous consent
it can be done.
Mr. HARLAN. But some of us have de-
clared our unwillingness a number of times.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wedonotwantto amend
the rules. Unanimous consent waives any rule.
Caii we not, by unanimous consent, vote now
whether we shall introduce into this appropri-
ation bill this subject of reform?
Mr. NYE. I simply wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that I think his confession a
little humiliating, that wo cannot carry this
measure unless we put it upon a bill where
money is concerned. I repudiate that idea
entirely. I am ready to take the vote; but
when the honorable Senator appeals to the
Senate that it is impossible to carry the views
he entertains unless they are embodied in an
amendmeiitjto a bill where money is concerned,
it, is a confession of weakness.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Will ray honorable friend
allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I propose, by general
consent, that this amendment be withdrawn, a
rart of the understanding being that imme-
diately alter this appropriation bill is disposed
of we shall take up the franking bill and
act upon it definitely. When I say "imme-
diately" 1 do not mean to-day, but I mean with
the understanding that the next business trans-
acted by the Senate b!i?,l! be this business, and
that we shall continue it until we dispose of it
one way or Iho other.
Mr. HARLAN. I would agree to that.
Mr. NYE. I wish to suggest to the honor-
able Senator from New York that the next
business for consideration is the unfinished
business of this morning.
Mr. CONKLING. What is that?
Mr. NYE. The question of the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
that we had better proceed by consent with
the franking bill, because it will be determined
very soon if the understanding is that we are
to persevere with it until it is disposed of one
way or another.
Mr. NYE. I think there is no objection to
its being considered quickly and disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill mentioned by
the Senator from Nevada can be disposed of
in the morning hour.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. Or the other bill can be
laid aside informally for a few minutes to allow
it to be disposed of.
Mr. RAMSEY. I consent to the withdrawal
of my amendment with that understanding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
understanding?
Mr. CONKLING. Theunderstandingwhich
I propose, and to which i understand general
assent now to be given, is that the chairman
of the Post Office Committee withdraws this
subject as an amendment to this bill, thus
relieving the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, and allowing the appropriation
bill to pass; and then that the next business to
which the Senate will give consideration shall
be the franking bill, so called, and that that
consideration shall continue until the bill is
disposed of, business only intervening by gen-
eral consent, such as the Senator from Nevada
has suggested.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Beginning, Isug-
gest, at half past seven this evening. [''Nol"
"No!"]
Mr. CONKLING. That is a separate mat-
ter. Let us first come to tlje understanding
that when we next proceed to business we shall
proceed with the franking bill, and then a ma-
jority of the Senate will determine whether we
shall have an evening session or whether we
shall adjourn till Monday. Let us do one thing
at a time, to get out of this embarrassment if
we may.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know what
my friend, the Senator from Maine, says with
regard to the two or three appropriation bills
that are on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. He can speak for him-
self about that.
Mr. SUMNER. He told us the other day
that he proposed to advance those bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What I propose
to say about that as matter of information is
this: that there are two appropriation bills
besides this now before the Senate awaiting its
action—the consular and diplomatic and the
naval appropriation bill. I said on a former
occasion, what it is hardly necessary for me to
repeat now, that I deem it of the utmost im-
portance that, they should receive at once the
attention of the Senate, for reasons which I
then stated. It is not worth while to repeat
them now.
Mr. RICE. If the proposition made by the
Senator from New York prevails, I desire to
know what effect will that order have upon the
assignment that is made for Monday night, by
unanimous consent, provided the franking priv-
ilege bill should not be disposed of by that time?
I a,m not going to consent to any order which
interferes with the arrangement for Monday
night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The best thing to do is
to let us take a vote whether we shall amend
this bill by any of these postal-reform proposi-
tions. Let us, do that by universal consent.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to say that I will
agree to this proposition, and will not agree to
make an objection to take up iho franking bill,
provided the hour for taking the vote on it can
be fixed at some very early time. I will not,
however, agree to the understanding proposed
by the Senator from New York, if we are to go
on with indefinite discussions. The Finance
Committee will report at a very early day the
bill reducing taxation and the tariff, which will
claim the attention of this body probably for
several days ; and therefore it is unwise at this
period of the session to protract a discussion
through days and days on these minor ques-
tions, unless an hour can be fixed for the vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, can
we not take the vote on the question whether
any of these amendments should go upon this
bill? Let us have a separate vote on that
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois asks unanimous consent of
the Senate to submit a general proposition to
the Senate that it will not consider this matter
of the franking privilege upon this appropria-
tion bill. Is there any objection ?
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to understand where
we are. If these propositions are considered,
I give notice that I shall move the amendment
which I moved last night; and I do not wish
by any understanding to be shut out from that
privilege.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
now before the Senate is whether the Senate
will submit that proposition to itself for its
decision. Is there any objection ?
Mr. FOWLER. I shall have to object to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Tennessee objects.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest, then, that we vote
on the first amendment upon which we are
called to vote, and that we vote, without any
reference to the merits of the question, with
the distinct understanding that we do not intend
to put any of these amendments on the bill.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Minnesota
has withdrawn his amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all.
Mr. FOWLER. If this will hasten business
at all I withdraw my objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will hasten it. We
shall decide it in five minutes if the Senator
withdraws the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Has the Sen-
ator from Minnesota withdrawn his amend-
ment?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate, then, is on the amendment
submitted by the Senator from Vermont, and
the Chair will hold the Senate to that.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Tennes-
see has withdrawn his objection to submitting
the general question to the Senate.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. HastheSen-
ator from Tennessee withdrawn his objection?
Mr. FOWLER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to submitting the general question to
the Senate whether it will or will not entertain
this proposition upon the appropriation bill?
Mr. HARLAN. I have said repeatedly that
I cannot consent to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
end of it, and it admits of no discussion. The
question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to (he
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Ramsey.]
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 26, noes 19.
Mr. HARLAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Drake, Fowier, Gilbert, Harris. Morrill oi Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Rob-
ertson, Hops, Sawyer, Spencer. Steward, Sucincr,
viokers^ Warner, and Williams—22.
NAYS—Messrh. Bayard, Boreman,Cameron, Caa-
serly, Chandler, Cole, Oonkling, Tonton, Hamilton
oi iexas, Hamlin, JlaivUn, Howard, liowell. Me-
Crcory  McDonald, Morton, it&msey, Kice, Scott,
