736
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41sr Cong 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
defraying the expenses of removal and subsist-
ence of Indians, (not parties to any treaty,)
avid for pay of necessary employes, twenty-
four thousand four hundred dollars.
Utah Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Utah Territory, presents of
good[s], agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the transportation and necessary ex-
penses of delivery of provisions to the Indians
within the Utah superintendeney, ten thousand
dollars.
For this amount, to carry out the action con-
templated by act of Congress approved May
tilth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled
"An act to vacate and sell the present Indian
reservations in Utah Territory, and to settle
said Indians in Uintah valley," ten thousand
dollars.
Wyoming Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Wyoming Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
articles, and to assist them to locate in perma-
nent abodes, and sustain themselves by [the]
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
twenty thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Indian tribes 111 Minnesota and
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For surveys of exterior boundaries of Indian
reservations, and subdividing portions of the
same, and for survey of diminished reserve of
the Osage Indians, four hundred and forty-four
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary: Pro-
vided, That none of this appropriation shall
be expended for surveys of Choctaw or Chick-
asaw lands, unless the same shall be requested
by the Choctaw or Chickasaw people, through
their respective legislative councils, in accord-
ance with article eleven of the treaty with said
nations, concluded April twenty eight, one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.
For this amount to carry on the work of
instructing and aiding the Indians of the cen-
tral superintendeney in the arts of civilization
with a view to their self-support, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, sixty thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as he may deem necessary.
Interest on Trust Fund Stocks.
For payment of intereston certain abstracted
and non-paying State stocks belonging to vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and deficiencies for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, on
certain Virginia State stocks, as follows :
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Cherokee national fund, eight-
een thousand six hundred and two dollars and
eighty-six cents.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Cherokee school fund, three
thousand two hundred and fifteen dollars and
seventv-one cents.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Chickasaw national fund, fif-
teen thousand one hundred and forty dollars.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Chickasaw incompetents, one
hundred dollars.
For interest 011 certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Choctaw general fund, thirty-
four thousand seven hundred and fourteen dol-
lars and twenty-nine cents.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Creek orphans, six thousand
four hundred and twenty-three dollars and
fourteen cents.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Delaware general fund, eleven
thousand six hundred and thirty dollars.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the lowas, three thousand three
hundred and forty dollars.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Kaskaskias, Peorias, Weas,
and Piankeshaws, six thousand and seventy
dollars.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Menomonees, nine hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Ottawas and Chippewas, two
hundred and eighty-one dollars and forty-three
cents.
For interest on certain stocks and bonds
belonging to the Pottawatomies education
fund, three thousand three hundred and fifty
dollars.
For this amount or so much thereof as may
be necessary to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to collect bands of Kickapoo or other
Indians roving on the borders of Texas and
Mexico, and to locate and subsist them in the
Indian territory, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For this amount or so much thereof as may
be necessary to pay the expenses of holding a
"general council" of the Cherokee, Creek,
Seminole, and Choctaw and Chickasaw In-
dians, in the Indian territory, as provided by
the treaties with said tribes 111 eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, ten thousand dollars : Pro-
vided, That any other Indian tribe perma-
nently located in said Indian territory shall be,
and is hereby, authorized to elect and send to
said "general council" one delegate, and in
addition one delegate for each one thousand
Indians or fraction of a thousand greater than
five hundred, being members of such tribe, on
the same terms and conditions and with the
same rights and privileges, including right to
compensation, as is provided for delegates of
the tribes horeinbofore mentioned, and a suf-
ficient sum to pay the per diem and mileage
of such additional delegates is hereby appro-
priated : And providedfurther, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall not. call any such
council if objected to by said Indians, nor
until after the adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congress.
For the purchase of wagons, teams, tools,
agricultural implements, live stock, seeds, and
so forth, and for the erection of houses for the
Indians in the northern superintendeney, to
be distributed among the different tribes at
the discretion of the Secretary of the Interior,
the sum of thirty thousand dollars.
For the support of industrial or other schools
among the Indian tribes not otherwise pro-
vided for, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the interior, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to pay for goods issued by S. E.
Ward to Indians at Fort Laramie by order of
the Indian peace commissioners in May and
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, eight
thousand dollars.
For payment for goods issued as presents by
John E. Tappan. by direction of General
Alfred Sully, to the Kiowa Indians at Fort
Lamed, Kansas, in July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, at the time of the delivery of
two white captives held by them, the sum of
one thousand one hundred and one dollars and
sixty-five cents.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to pay the expenses of the re-
moval of stray bands of Pottawatomie and
Winnebago Indians in Wisconsin from their
present homes in that State to the tribes to
which they respectively belong,_ as follows:
For transportation and subsistence of one
thousand Winnebagoes from Wisconsin to
.Nebraska, at fifteen dollars each, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation of five hundred Potta-
watomies and two hundred Chippewas, inter-
married with them, from Wisconsin to the
Indian country south of Kansas, atthirty dol-
lars each, twenty-one thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay that amount found due by the Interior
Department, June nine, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, to II. H. Taylor, for herding cattle,
three hundred and thirty-one dollars and ninety-
seven cents.
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to pay for legal services rendered
by Messrs. Thomas P. Fenlon and James S.
Emery, attorneys at-law, in eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, and subsequently, in defending
suits instituted against the United States officers
in Kansas, relating to the rights and property
of Indians, by direction of the Interior Depart-
ment, two thousand dollars : Provided, That
this amount shall be received in full satisfac-
tion for said indebtedness: Provided. That
upon annuities and interest of trust funds pro-
vided by treaties 110 taxes shall in any case be
assessed or collected.
Sec. [2.] And be it further enacted, That in
every case where annuities are provided to be
paid to any Indian tribe, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to expend the
same for such objects as will best promote the
comfort, civilization, and improvement of the
tribe entitled to the same: Provided, That the
consent of such tribe to such expenditures can
be obtained; and no claims for supplies for
Indians purchased without authority of law
shall be paid out of any appropriation for
expenses of the Indian department or for
Indians.
Sec. [3.] And be it farther enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior shall so exercise the
discretion vested in him by this act as to en-
courage able-bodied Indians in habits of indus-
try and peace, and the commission of citizens,
serving without pay, appointed by the Presi-
dent under the provisions of the fourth section
of the act of April ten, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, is hereby continued so long as the ap-
propriation heretofore made for their expenses
shall last. And it shall be the dut^ of said
commissioners to supervise all expenditures
of money appropriated for the benefit of Indi-
ans in the United States, and to inspect all
goods purchased for said Indians iu connec-
tion with the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
whose duty it shall be to consult said commis-
sion in making purchases of such goods ; and
provided that the said commission shall have
power to appoint one of its number as sec-
retary, with such reasonable compensation as
they may designate : and the sum of one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated for the payment of salaries of
superintendents and agents authorized by law.
Sue. [4.] Andbe it further enacted, That no
part of the moneys appropriated by this act,
or which may hereafter be appropriated in any
general act or deficiency bill making appropri-
ations for the currentand contingent expenses
of the Indian department, to pay annuities duo
to or to be used and expended for the cure
and benefit of any tribe or tribes of India;'.'!
named herein, shall be applied to the payment
of any claim for depredations that may have
been or may be committed by such tribe <>>•
tribes, or any member or members thereof;
and 110 claim for Indian depredations shall here-
after be paid until Congress shall make special
appropriation therefor ; and all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby re
pealed.
