438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
dreds of thousands that are to be ruled by
them? Is it no matter of consequence who
have been elected, who are to be the legislators,
the executive, administrative, judicial officers
of that mighty Commonwealth ? Are we anx-
ious to put the reins again in traitors hands?
Let us go back and see what the people we
are now legislating for have said in their votes
upon the constitution ratified on the 6th of
July last. For the main features of that con-
stitution it has been well said " they voted
with greater unanimity than any other State,"
giving in an aggregate vote of 219,713 all but
9,136, or 201,441 majority, thus declaring to
Congress, the country, their future rulers, that
not only did they approve but demand the faith-
ful execution of its provisions.
It is well known there were " objectionable
features " in the constitution to be submitted,
at least they were so considered by the disqual-
ified ex-rebels of Virginia; and such was the
persuasion of the thousands of legally and
politically proscribed that the President of the
United States was allowed, by the act of April,
1869, to exercise his discretion in the submis-
sion of this constitution, as to whetherit should
be voted upon entire or the objectionable
clause and section relative to disfranchise-
ment and the test-oath be voted upon sepa-
rately. It was decided to present the consti-
tution to the people in parts, and the prescrip-
tive features were by a vote of 41,000 declared
repugnant to the proscribed.
General Canby, in his report of the results
of this election, tells us over sixty thousand
failed to vote upon the separate propositions,
and he furthermore informs us in as mild
language as possible, "that in some counties
the vote appears to have been greatly influenced
by the personal influence of local candidates,"
those, no doubt, who were unable to take the
test-oath, who knew General Canby had in his
order relative to the election assured them the
test-oath would be applied to all who were
elected before entering upon the functions of
theiroffice. " In five counties," he says, "the
vote was influenced by intimidation and fraud.''
Who can tell, then, if the many thousands who
by various causes did not vote had been
allowed the free exercise of the opportunity to
vote, but that the test-oath would still be in the
constitution of Virginia? Loyal men framed
that constitution. They believed (in the lan-
guage of an address of a Republican conven-
tion held in Richmond, November 24 and 25,
1869,) "that the spirit of the reconstruction
acts required them to insert those clauses which
have been expunged."
They had had an experience in the attempt
to call a constitutional convention which war-
ranted them to protect in the future such as
would carry outthe reconstruction acts in good
faith. Under a system of intimidation, resorted
to at that time, in 1807, 12,687 colored regis-
tered voters were kept from the polls. Treason
was still alive and traitors still at work ; there-
fore the disfranchisement and test-oath clauses
were framed, and by action of the convention
incorporated in the constitution. For these
clauses 84,000 men in the Old Dominion, with
the threatsof banishment, impoverishment, and
death around them, cast their votes at the late
election, meaning forever to declare "treason
a crime and traitors odious."
Now, Mr. Speaker, we are asked by gentle-
men on this floor to admit Virginia without
conditions. It is said she has fulfilled all we
have demanded, that we must not break our
faith with her, that we have promised to admit
her on her compliance with the act of April,
1869, and we cannot do else now than invite
her to her vacant seat in this Hall, her prac-
tical place in the Union, and recognize her as
a State in the full exercise of all her civil and
equal rights.
Mr. Speaker, I do not so understand it.
That Virginia has ratified her constitution is
true ; that she has elected her Legislature is
also true; and her action in the premises is
now before us, upon which we are to pass our
verdict. We have not pledged anything. We
have given Virginia, as we gave other south-
ern States, certain acts to perform, prelim-
inary to her admission or restoration to the
Union; the circumstances that surrounded her
case in April last, when we enacted the pro-
visions for her election, demanded just such a
legislation; and we are to be the judge of her
circumstances to-day, whether or not she re-
quires still further legislation.
She is not only a great State, but she has
greatly sinned in her rebellion and rebellious
prowess. She demands a greater considera-
tion, caution, care in our deliberations. If we
are satisfied with her constitution are we sure
that it will be carried out? Is it not our duty
to look at the action of those who have been
triumphant in the canvass and see if we cannot
discern the intentions of such as have been
elected and now stand around these Halls
clamoring for recognition, from the Governor
down to the last man linked with him in the
double-dealing, Janus-faced system which has
been practiced toward Congress, the country,
a misled, duped constituency.
The State Journal, January 10, published
at Richmond, says there is a growing distrust
of the Legislature of Virginia and a talk about
the application of the test-oath to its members,
and asks the question why is it so ? Out of its
own knowledge it gives the answer. '' Because
there is no confidence on the part of the people
who desire the constitution which they have
ratified so unanimously that the men compos-
ing the Legislature of Virginia will act in good
faith with them." Upon what do they base
their distrust ? Upon good and sound reasons.
In October last, when the Legislature was in
session, Governor Walker, who is so generous
here at the present time with his pledges for
the faithful action of the Legislature, endeav-
ored to get that Legislature to pass certain
resolutions he himself had drawn up which
would, he thought, establish their integrity
among such as doubted them, for they called
upon the Legislature to avow their determina-
tion to carry out every provision of the con-
stitution faithfully. The Legislature refused
to do this. Ho tried again among a few leading
spirits in caucus he exercised his "magnetic
influence" there in vain. They were apart of
the great whole that would not bind themselves
by pledges, and the chief executive of "the
grand old Commonwealth" failed in his first
effort to manipulate the Legislature that have
already declared him a nullity. I ask that the
resolutions may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas the members of the General Assembly
of Virginia fully recognize their obligations to obey
the behests of the peoplo as expressed in the late
el cclion; and whereas the limited duties and powers
of the Legislature render impossible at its present
session such definite action as would establish the
purpose of these bodies, it seems proper that they
should plaee their motives and intentions beyond all
question by a brief but frank and decided declara-
tion of policy: Therefore.
" Be it resolved, 1. That the prompt passage of such
laws as shall thoroughly conform to and carry into
complete etfcct 1'ie constitution lately ratified is a
duty of the Legislature which shall be discharged.
"2. That the institution of a comprehensive free-
school system, and the adoption of such measures
as will give practical operation to the already adopted
principle of the'civil and political equality of all
men before the law,'_ are obligations which are
acknowledged, which shall be met.
"3. That the maintenance of the public credit and
full discharge of alllawful indebtednessof the State
are objects to which every energy of the government
should be applied, and that repudiation. State or
national, should be avoided not only -"/■ offensive to
a sense of integrity and to proper pride of country,
but as in all its forms a source of demoralization, and
destructive of the best interests of the peoplo.
"4. That Virginia will strivo to secure substantial
peace by removing all causes of irritation, by encour-
aging settlement irom and intercourse with her sister
States, and by development of material resources,
hoping thus to be instrumental in restoring unity
of sentiment and purpose to the nation, and.in add-
ing security and prosperity to the Federal Govern-
ment.
" 5. That, as the representatives of the people of
Virginia, our cordial thanks are due, and are hereby
tendered, to the President and Congress of the Uni-
ted States for the liberal policy pursued toward our
State in affording us the opportunity of rejecting the
prescriptive clauses of the constitution, and thus
enabling the people to manifest their sincere desire
for reconstruction on a really just and satisfactory
basis."
Mr. WHITTEMORE. But we are told that
certain gentlemen have been before the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction and made a certain
pledge, namely, " that the Legislature of Vir-
ginia will carry out in letter and spirit the con-
stitution voted for by the people." And who
gave them this authority, who delegated them
to bind Virginia in pledges? Surely not its
Legislature. They themselves, eight only of
the one hundred and eighty-one members of
the senate and house of delegates! But we are
told that the Senators and members from Rich-
mond have indorsed their pledge. Who em-
powered them to take this step, and with the
swift-running eight bind the future action of
the Legislature ? Not the Legislature surely.
As well might a State delegation in this House
assume the right to guaranty the action of the
entire body. We have then no pledge worth
listening to, for it was made for selfish prefer-
ment and emolument, to act only as an influ-
ence in the committee-room, this House, to
secure the admission of Virginia, and then to
be broken.
These_ gentlemen have one course of action
in Washington and another at Richmond. One
assurance to make in the committee-room and
another to unrepentant rebels. "They admit
they are ready to acknowledge andpromise any-
thing to gain the recognition of the State." I
have no doubt of their perfidy. They havegiven
us abundant proof of their ability in this direc-
tion. I take them at their word. I will not
question the sincerity of their vows among their
fellows.
Let us, in addition to this, Mr. Speaker, in-
quire who are the members of the Legislature ?
What is their political status ? How many of
them have an unquestioned right to a seat in
the senate and house of delegates ? Prior to
the election General Canby was importuned
from many quarters as to the probability of
the application of the test-Oath to such as were
elected to office before entering upon tho func-
tions of the same ; his answer, in one of these
cases, will show the instructions given by him
to those who were aspirants or candidates.
He says:
' 'A person who is unable to take the oath prescribed
by the laws of the United States cannot, enter upon
the duties of his office, and all persons elected to
office during the provisional period of the govern-
ment must take the oath of offico prescribed fcy
the law of July 2,1862, pr (in the case of persons
whose political disabilities have been removed by
Congress) the oath of offico prescribed by tho law
of July 11,1868. All elections held under the au-
thority of the reconstruction acts must be conduct-
ed m conformity with the requirements of those
laws.
One month before the election in Virginia
this faefc was promulgated ; yet, in defiance ot
its great importance, the caucus washeld; Gov-
ernor Walker with his creed and crew began
their illegal work. As he was pledged to gen-
eral amnesty, and recognized no distinction or
discrimination in rights or privileges on account
of former political differences or treasonable
acts, and as his supporters were determined to
have the rule of the future of Virginia, the}'
set at nought the instructions of the command-
ing general, whose experience in the school of
reconstruction had enabled him to not only
become a close student of its laws, but an exact
interpreter of its provisions. They preferred
to issue their own mandates, for the people had
become apprehensive that their candidates if
elected would not be able to qualify. Thov
issued circulars, posted them in the different
counties, which assured the people "thatthe
