3638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
craft, which could make about as much resist- 1
ance as a foot-pad to a sheriff and his posse.
Mr. ARCHER. I will state to the gentle-
man from Tennessee that this case presents
peculiar merirs. Instead of having three little
vessels, this United States vessel, with only one
hundred and fifty-eight men aboard of her,
fought three large vessels with not less than
from one thousand to eighteen hundred men
upon them. In addition to that the Wyoming
fought the shore batteries. The serious man-
ner in which the United States vessel was in-
jured shows the severity of the contest.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman state
what the casualties were ?
Mr. AliCHEH. Fourkilled, eleven wounded,
and the vessel hulled several tiuies. I do not
care to take up the time of the House in dis-
cussing the bill, and will ask for a vote on the
passage of the bill, unless some gentleman may
wish to make some remarks on it. I think the
report of the committee covers the whole case.
Mr. WOODWAKD. I know nothing of this
case, except what I have just heard, and, if I
understand the report read from tlie Clerk's
desk, it shows these officers did nothing more
than perform their duty faithfully. It is not a
case of capture at all, and there is no principle
npon which this House can be justified in put-
ting its hand into the Treasury of the United
States and taking therefrom $100,000 to give
to these men. It is a mere gratuity to them,
because they performed a public duty in an
acceptable manner ; and if we allow ii in this
instance, it will become a precedent for other,
perhaps larger, claims, f am opposed to giv-
ing gratuities. It is conceded not to be a prize
case. It is a mere proposition to relieve an
overburdened Treasury of $100,000 of money
which belongs to our creditors and give it to
some meritorious officers of our naval estab-
lishment. Before 1 vote for that I must be
prepared to vote for a large number of similar
applications.
Mr. ARCHER. I will say, in answer to
what the gentleman has said, that this relieves
th" Treasury of no money. The action of the
Wyoming secured for us $600,000. That has
been invested in securities of the United States
which have earned interest to the amount of
$250,000. These officersask a pittance which
is but a small portion of that amount.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. ARCHEU. I yield first to the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Bextox.]
Mr. BENTON. I wish the gentleman would
explain to the House whether, and if so, how,
this sum was secured to the Government of the
United States by the action of these men.
Mr. ARCHEU. I will say in reply to the
geutleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Bex-
tox] that this sum was secured to the Govern-
ment of the United States by the action and
the bravery of these men at a time when the
Japanese Government was acting in a bel-
ligerent manner towards the United States,
because they believed we were engaged in a
great rebellion and could not defend our flag
or our citizens. I now yield to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxard.]
Mr. MAYNAitD. Mr. Speaker, I profess
to be to the extent of my limited ability a
friend of the Navy ; and it is as a friend of
the Navy that I protest against the passage of
this bill. Within the last two or three days I
hare sat here and listened to the discussion we
have had on the naval appropriation bill; and
have heard a portion of that debate with a
degree of regret and pain which I will not
now express. I know very well that whenever
the question of the Navy and the pay of our
naval officers comes up, as it must from year
10 year on the passage of the appropriation
bills, the claims of our Navy are always depre-
ciated by a reference to just such proceedings
as that proposed in this bill. It is always
thrown at the friends of the Navy that the offi-
cers and men receive large sums in golido as
prize-money, &c., for particular actions. If
this bill should become a law this case will be
mentioned as a shining and conspicuous exam-
ple, and will be pressed as an argument to the
disadvantage of every officer in tue Navy from
this time forth.
Now, I protest against putting the Navy in
the attitude of a set of freebooters or corsairs,
meu who go abroad on the seas to gather up
whatever they can find here and there. On
the contrary, these naval officers are, in their
intercourse with the world, the high represent-
ative functionaries of this nation, to protect its
friends and to chastise its enemies. This is
the duty for which we have organized the Navy ;
and for this its officers and men are entitled to
the commendation of " Well done, good and
faithful servants."' But in cases where they do
not go beyond the legitimate range of their
duties, they are not entitled to such bounties
and gratuities as are here proposed to be given.
The money constituting the Japanese fund
was given by the Japanese Government in
consideration of the fact that our commerce
had been invaded by her people, and was in
satisfaction for indignities inflicted upon our
flag, and not by reason of any specially merit-
orious conduct on the part of the officers and
men belonging to this vessel. They did their
duty, and did it well. I concede all thaU But
the passage of this bill will be a precedent
which will be pernicious to the Navy, not ouly
in the view I have suggested, but pernicious
in its influence npon the morale, the spirit, the
high bearing, the independent and impartial
character of the Navy as an arbiter between
our own Government and other nations. I
trust Congress will pause before setting such
a precedent as is attempted to be set in this
particular case.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to yield to me.
Mr. ARCHER. I promised to yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe,] and
1 do bo cheerfully.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to state to the House
the reason which constrains me to vote against
this bill. I regret exceedingly to be obliged
.to do so; but I do not see how I can consist-
ently give a vote in favor of the measure. It
is well known to members of the House that
the laws as they now stand npon our statute-
books make a very strange discrimination in
favor of the Navy and against the Army so far
as prize-money is concerned. During the late
war millions of men fought in the Army; they
captured rebel stores, they captured rebel
armies, they captured rebel cities of untold
value; yet they never received one dollar of
prize. On the other hand, our Navy gallantly
fought during the war, and in accordance with
existing laws received for its captures millions
of dollars in the form of prize-money. I do
not ask for a change of the law ; I do not say
that it ought to be modified. I do not say
that this discrimination in favor of the Navy
and against the Army is unjust. I do not say
it ought to be repealed. But I do say there
is no excuse for us to go beyond the letter and
the spirit of the existing law.
We have now before us a case for which
the law, whether just or unjust, makes no pro-
vision. nere is a case beyond even the pro-
visions of the existing law itself, which does
not give to the ship which fought against these
Japanese junks any prize-money. And now
the question presented is whether we shall
make in effect a new law, whether we shall
take one more step in a discrimination in favor
of the Navy and against the Army. I am will-
ing to go as far as the existing statute compels
us to go. I am willing to vote for the Navy
everything that the existing law gives the Navy
as prize-money, even though more money may
justly have been earned by the Army in cases
where not a single penny was received. But
I am not prepared to enact a new statute upon
the subject. I am not prepared to give this
payment of prize-money which the existing
law does not give. If we shall go beyond the
law as it now stands on our statute-book, and
give the Navy prize-money, or what is the
equivalent to prize-money, in cases like this,
I can see no excuse for withholding from Gen-
eral Grant's army compensation for the cap-
ture of Vicksburg or the capture of Richmond
itself. I can see no excuse for withholding
from any of our armies compensation for the
capture of cities or the capture of stores of the
enemy. We are compelled by no law to vote
this money, and I shall vote against it.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask the pardon of the
gentleman from Wisconsin for interrupting
him. But 1 have promised the floor to other
gentlemen, and must yield sometime to them.
I now yield to the geutleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Cobuiin.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will the
gentlemau from Maryland allow me to ask a
question ?
Mr. ARCHER. Not now. I have yielded
to the gentleman from Indiana.
_ Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, I do not de-
sire to enter into a discussion of the prize laws.
I will only say that tho policy of this Govern-
ment has already been settled as regards the
recognition in this way of the gallant, conduct
of the men of our Navy. Captain McDougall
and the other officers and crew of the Wyoming
did a peculiar and very great service to the
people of this country. It appears that certain
authorities in the empire of Japan had taken
possession of the route of travel between ports
in China and certain ports in Japan in which
our vessels were passing to and fro; that our
vessels were fired upon, and our commerce
obstructed ; and that, in fact, our citizens were
excluded from the ordinary business channels
in those eastern seas. Something had to be
done. Captain McDougall, with his vessel, was
attacked by these hostile parties in the straits
1 of Simonoseki, he having gone there to punish
the enemies of our country; he drove them
from their position, silenced their batteries, and
sunk three ships. In the contest, described in"
the report, thirty-four guns of the Japanese
were opposed to six American guns. These
thirty-four guus were silenced, and three
' ships were taken or sunk, as the result of
that gallant action. And these ships were not
mere junk-boats, as has been stated. They
were vessels; two of them were purchased of
Americans ; one of them was a large and pow-
erful English vessel. All were manned by a
great number of men. in this contest, un-
equal as it was, our gallant seamen conquered
the enemy.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana a question.
Mr. COBUIIN. I decline to be interrupted
just now. Our gallant seamen, as I have said,
conquered the enemy, secured a free and unin-
j terrupted passage for our commerce, and the
i result was that we obtained a large indemnity.
An indemnity of $3,000,000, in consequence of
this action, was paid to the several nations
which had been wronged. Our Government
got some $600,000 in gold, which was fairly
earned by the gallantry of the captain and crew
of the Wyoming. That money is in the Treas-
ury now, and, according to every principle of
justice, those who fought that action are en-
titled to receive out of that fund their prize-
: money. To-day $100,000 of this fund have beeu
i allowed by the House to the men of the Kear-
sarge. The men of the Wyoming are doubly
entitled to it.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if what Captain McDougall did was done -
by order of the Government?
> Mr. COBURN. It was done by order of
; the Government, as is shown by the following
! letter of instructions from the minister resi-
; dent in Japan:
Legation or thk United States.
Yokohama, July 15, 1863.
Sib : I avail myself of the departure of the Rear
Admiral J uaris, with the Semerouis and Tanceed for :
the inland sea, to inform you that his Imperial
