1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3639
Majesty's steamer Kienchnog has been fired into by
batteries of the simaof Tchoshu or Naogato, and by
the vessels which fired on the Pembroko.
I indulge the hope that by the time this reaches
you their piratical vessels will have been destroyed
or captured. If so, you may have been attacked by
their batteries, and nave doubtless demolished them,
Should their ships have unfortunately taken the
alarm and escaped, I would recommend that you do
not return without vindicating our flag and taking
full satisfaction for the outrage upon it.
And I beg you to cooperate with Admiral Juaris
in the destruction of the batteries and forts in the
territories of the prince; thus giving a lesson which
will not soon bo forgotten, and which will put a stop
to the acta of lawless violence which the hostile
Daimics, encouraged by the humane forbearance of
the treaty Powers, are so ready to commit,
I am, very respectfully, your most obedient, hum-
ble servant,
ROBERT II. PRUYN.
Milliliter Resident in Japan,
Captain D. McDotjgall,
United States tteamer Wyoming, &c.
Mr. WELKER. I d'esire also to ask the
gentleman, whether if those vessels had been
captured the captain commanding would have
been entitled to the prize-money ?
Mr. COBURN. 1 will say just this to the
gentleman : that that depends on the question |
whether or not these were Japanese vessels or '
vessels of a piratical character. The commit-
tee, as I understand it, have reported in this
matter that these vessels were regarded as
not exactly acting under the authority of the
Japanese Government: but from the fact that
afterward the Japanese Government recog- '
nized these persons as citizens of the empire
of Japan, and stood the responsibility of their
unlawful and unwarranted acts, it may be con-
sidered that these vessels may be regarded as !
prizes of war; that our crew is entitled to
prize-money. And upon that ground, and upon
every ground of morality and equity, these men
are as much entitled to prize-money as any
seamen who have captured any vessel on any
sea under any declaration of war. As I said
before, this large sum of money has been put
into the Treasury of the United States in con- ;
sequence of the gallant conduct of these men. '
It is asking nothing from the people of this
country. The tax-payers are not called on for
one dime, not one cent, which has not been
earned by the gallantry of these men. The
sum they ask does notamount to half the inter-
est that has accrued on that money.
Mr. LOGAN. If the money is iu the Treas-
ury and yon take it out 
Mr. COBURN. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. ARCHER. It is not in the Treasury.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman says "if
the money is in the Treasury," How did it
get into the Treasury? Who put it there?
How did it get into the Treasury, if there ? In
consequence of the gallant conduct of these
men on this occasion.
Mr. MAYNARD. Oh, no; not at all; not
at all.
Mr. LOGAN. That is where it ought to be
and where it shoald remain.
Mr. ARCHER. I call for a vote. I will
not yield further; and I deprive myself of the
opportunity of making a speech because the
Naval Committee have other business to pre-
sent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
The question was put on Mr. Maynard's
motion; and there were—ayes 66, noes 33;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Archer and
Mr. Maynard were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 71, noes 50.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
abbott q. boss.
Mr, HAYS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 138) for
the relief of Abbott Q. Ross.
The question was upon orderiug the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Abbott Q. lloss, of Ohio,
the sum of $5,000, as compensation for the
past and future use in the United States Navy
of his invention for using hot water and steam
as weapons of naval warfare, for the extinguish-
ment of fires, and for other purposes.
Mr. HAYS. I move the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I ask that the report
be read.
Mr. HAYS. There is a report made by a com-
mittee of the Senate ; I ask that it be read.
The report was read. It states that the
memorial and the evidence accompanying it
show that Captain A. Q. Ross is the inventor
of an improved mode of using hot water and
steam as a weapon, offensive and defensive,
in naval engagements, and that having per-
fected his invention in the early part of the
year 1861, he, actuated by patriotic motives
and a sincere desire to serve his country, came
to Washington and exerted himself to secure
the adoption of his invention by the Navy De-
partment, asking no compensation for it, and
offering his services to superintend its con-
struction and application to any vessels upon
which its adoption should be ordered. It
does not appear from the memorial or ac-
companying papers that the Navy Depart-
ment officially adopted or authorized the use
of the invention, but it does appear that Vice
Admiral Porter ordered its application to most,
if not all, the vessels of the Mississippi squad-
ron, and that nearly all the tugs and steam-
vessels of the Government in our western
waters were supplied with the steam-hose of
Captain Ross, and that the crews were drilled in
its use as they were of any other weapon in
the service. The testimony is very full and
ample as to the efficiency of the invention,
not only as a weapon of offense and defense,
but also as a means for extinguishing fires,
working pumps, and cleaning and purifying
vessels, and it is conclusively shown that much
valuable property was saved to the Government
by it.
Mr. RANDALL. I make the point of order
that that bill makes an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The point of order comes
too late.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It was made as soon
as the report was read.
The SPEAKER. The bill was read in full,
and then the gentleman called for the reading
of the report which relates to the merits of
the case. The uniform rule is thatwhen a bill
is read and no point of order is made on it,
and then arguments are submitted pro or con,
it is too late to raise a point of order on the
bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning honr has
expired, and the bill will go over until next
private-bill day.
order of business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BURDETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion ; and call up the contested-election case of
Newsham vs. Ryan, from the State of Louis-
iana.
Mr. KELSEY. I make the privileged mo-
tion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House now resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole for the consideration of the special
order, being the consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first sub-
mit to the House the motion of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.] If that mo-
tion shall be voted down, then the Chair will
recognize the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Bordett.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish the Chair would
state to the House that at two o'clock to-day
the House must proceed to the consideration
of business reported from the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Kelsey,] that the House now resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. KELSEY. Pending that motion, I move
that when the House shall next resume in
Committee of the Whole the consideration of
the special order all debate upou the pending
paragraph shall termiuate in ten minutes.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
LIQUIDATION OF NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency a bill (H. R. No. 2062) to
require national banks going into liquidation
to retire their circulating notes; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Kelsey, that the rules be suspended, and
the House now resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole upou the diplomatic and con-
sular appropriation bill; and upon a division
there were—ayes 65, noes 55.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. INGERSOLL and Mr. BURDETT
called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ingersoll
and Mr. Kelsey were appointed. *
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 42, noes 85.
So the motion of Mr. Kelsey was not
agreed to.
Mr. BCJRDETT. I now move that the
House proceed to the consideration of the
contested-election case to which I have re-
ferred.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of business
on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must first enter-
tain the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Burdett,] it being a question of
privilege, unless the gentleman raises the ques-
tion of its consideration at this time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I raise that question.
The SPEAKER. Then the question will
be, Will the House proceed to the considera-
tion of the contested-election case of Newsham
vs. Ryan?
Mr. PAINE. I desire to say that sooner or
later these election cases must be disposed of
by the House. The case which the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Burdett] desires to bring
before the House this morning I understand
will not occupy much time. And inasmuch as
he has during almost the whole session sought
to obtain the floor for the purpose of calling
up this case, I think it is but justice to him to
allow him now to call it up for consideration.
Mr. HOAR. What will be the order of
business at two o'clock?
The SPEAKER. Under the rule adopted
at this session, no matter what may be under
consideration at two o'clock of to-day, this
being the third Friday of the month, the Chair
must recognize some member of the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As this contested-
election case cannot be disposed of to-day, I
would suggest that we had better proceed to
