1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Sec. [5.] And be it further enacted, That so
much of an act entitled '' An act making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations wi|h various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy,''approved April
ten, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, relating
to Pottawatomie Indians, as provides that no
part of the money due or belonging to minor
children shall be paid to them, or to any per-
son for them, until such children shall have
attained the age of twenty-one years, being in
conflict with the third article of the treaty with
said Indians ofNovember fifteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, as modified by subsequent
treaties, be, and the same is hereby repealed.
Sec. [6. ] And be it further enacted, That the
President be, and he is hereby, authorized to
discontinue any one or more of the Indian
superintendencies, and to require the Indian
agents of such superintendencies to report
directly to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Sec. [7.] And be it further enacted, That
the act approved March three, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, entitled "An act for the
removal of the Sisseton, Wahpeton, Medawa-
kanton, and Wapakoota bands of Sioux or
Dakota Indians, and for the disposition of
their lands in Minnesota and Dakota," be so
amended as to make the proceeds of the sale
of the reservations in said act ordered to be
sold applicable alike to ail the reservations
upon which Medawakanton, and Wakapoota
and Sisseton and Wahpeton have been or may
hereafter be located.
Sec. [8.] And be it further enacted, That
said proceeds shall be distributed and paid
equitably to the said Indians in proportion to
their numbers, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Inteiior, and in accordance with
existing laws: Provided, That this provision
shall apply only to the funds to be hereafter
distributed.
Sec. [9.] Andbeitfurther enacted, Thatthe
Secretaiy of the Interior be, and hereby is,
directed to cause to be investigated and to de-
termine the claims of certain Indians of the
Winnebago tribe now lawfully residing in the
State of Minnesota ; to issue patents without
the right of alienation to those of them whom
he shall find to be entitled thereto for thelands
heretofore allotted to them in severalty,or which
may have been designated by them for allot-
ment, under the provisions of the treaty rat-
ified March sixteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, or of an act entitled "An act for.the
removal of the Winnebago Indians, and for the
sale of their reservation in Minnesota for their
benefit," approved February twenty-one, eight-
een hundred and sixty three, and which may
not have been sold or disposed of by the United
States; and in case of such sale, then such
land as may be hereafter designated by them
for allotment as aforesaid out of any unsold
lands within ihe limits of said Winnebago res-
ervation in Minnesota, and should it, be imprac-
ticable to make such allotments withm the
limit s of said reservation on good agricultural
lands, then they may be made on any public
lands of the United States subject to sale at
private entry within the State of Minnesota.
And the said Winnebago Indians, and all
others being members of said tribe lawfully re-
siding in the State of Minnesota, shall hereafter
be entitled to receive their pro rata distribu-
tive proportion ofall annuities in goods, money,
or property, and other moneys to which said
tribe is or may be entitled under any law or
treaty now m force, at tneir homes in Minne-
sota, the same as though they had removed
West and settled with the western Winneba-
goes.
Sec. \1Q.1 And be it further enacted, JLhat
if at i'uiv time hereafter any of the said Indi-
ans shall desire to become citizens of theUiu-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 47.
ted States they shall make application to the
judge of the district court of the United States
for the district of Minnesota, and iu open court
make the same proof and take the same oath
of allegiance as is provided by law for the nat-
uralization of aliens, and shall also make proof
to the satisfaction of said court that they are
sufficiently intelligent and prudent to control
their affairs and interests; that the[y].have
adopted the habits of civilized life, and have
for at least five years previous thereto been
able to supportthemselves and families; where-
upon they shall be declared by said court to be
citizens of the United States, which declara-
tion shall be entered of record, and a certifi-
cate thereof given to said party. On the pre-
sentation of the said certificate to the Secretary
of the Interior, with satisfactory proof of iden-
tity, he may at the request of such person or
persons cause the land severally held by them
to be conveyed to them by patent in fee-simple,
with power of alienation, and may at the same
time cause to be paid to them their proportion
of all the moneys and effects of said tribe held
in trust by or under the provision of any treaty
or law of the United States. And on such
patents being issued, and such payments or-
dered to be made, such persons shall cease to
be members of said tribe, and thereafter* the
lands so patented to them shall be subject to
levy, taxation, and sale, in like manner with
the property of other citizens.
Sec. [11.] And be it further enacted, That
the eastern band of the Cherokee Indians, by
that name and style be, and they are hereby,
authorized and empowered to institute and
carry on a suit or suits in law or equity in the
district or circuit courts of the United States
against present or former Indian agent or
agents of said band, their administrators, ex-
ecutors, and heirs, and against the securities
of such agent or agents, their administrators,
executors, curators or trustees for all claims,
causes of suit or rights in law or equity that
said band may have against them or either of
them ; and the law of limitation shall apply to
such claims, causes of action, and rights from
and after the day this act takes effect. It
shall be the duty of the district attorneys and
the Attorney General of the United States_ to
institute and prosecute all suits, cause for which
may arise under this section.
Sec. [12.] Andbeit further enacted, That
whenever the Great and Little Osage Indians
shall agree thereto, in such manner as the
President shall prescribe, it shall be the duty
of the President to remove said Indians from
the State of Kansas to lands provided or to be
provided for them for a permanent home in
the Indian territory, to consist of a tract of
land ill compact form equal in quantity to one
hundred and sixty acres for each member of
said tribe, or such part thereof as said Indians
may desire, to be paid for out of the proceeds
of the sales of their lands in the State of Kan-
sas, the price per acre for such lands to be
procured in the Indian territory not to exceed
the price paid or to be paid by the United
States for the same. And to defray the ex-
penses of said removal, and to aid in the sub-
sistence of the said Indians during the first year,
there is herehy appropriated out of the Treas-
ury, out of any money not otherwise appropri-
ated, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, the sum of fifty
thousand dollars, to be reimbursed to the Uni-
ted States from the proceeds of the sale of the
lands of the said Indians in Kansas, including
the trust lands north of their present diminished
reservation, which lands shall be opened to set-
tlement after survey, excepting the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections, which shall be re-
served to the State of Kansas for school pur-
poses, and shall be sold to actual settlers only,
said settlers being heads of families, or over
twenty-one years of age, in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres, in square
form, to each settler, at the price of one dol-
lar and twenty-five cents per acre; payment
to be made in cash within one year from date
of settlement or of the passage of this act; and
the United States, in consideration of the re-
linquishment by said Indians of their lands in
Kansas, shall pay annually interest on the
amount of money received as proceeds of sale
of said lands, at the rate of five per centum,
to be expended by the President for the ben-
efit of said Indians, in such manner as he may
deem proper. And for this purpose an ac-
curate account shall be kept by the Secretary
of the Interior of the money received as pro-
ceeds of sale, and the aggregate amount re-
ceived prior to the first day of November of
each year shall be the amount upon which the
payment of interest shall be based. The pro-
ceeds of sale of said land shall be carried to
the credit of said Indians, on the books of the
Treasury, and shall bear interest at the rate
of five per cent, per annum: Provided, That
the diminished reserve of said Indians in Kan-
sas shall be surveyed under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior as other public
lands are surveyed, as soon as the consent of
said Indians is obtained as above provided,
the expense of said survey to be paid from the
proceeds of sale of said land.
Sec. [IS.] And be it further enacted, That
there be, and is hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, as compensation to Osages for the
stock and farming utensils which the United
States agreed to furnish them by the second
article of the treaty of January eleven, eight-
een hundred and thirty-nine, and which were
only in part furnished, twenty thousand dol-
lars; and as compensation for the saw and
grist mill[s] which the United States agreed
by said treaty to maintain for them fifteen
years, and which were only maintained five
years, ten thousand dollars; which sums shall
be expended, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior in the following man-
ner: twelve thousand dollars in erecting
agency buildings, a warehouse, and black-
smith's dwellings, and a blacksmith shop, and
the remaining eighteen thousand dollars in the
erection of a school-house and church, and a
saw and grist mill at their new home in the
Indian territory.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCXCVII.— An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act granting Lands to the
State of Oregon to aid in the construction
of a Military Wagon Road from Albany,
Oregon, to the Eastern Boundary of said
State."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That an act entitled "An
act granting lands to the State of Oregon to
aid in the construction of a military road from
Albany, Oregon, to the eastern boundary of
said State," .be amended so as to strike out
the words "by way of Canyon City," in the
first section of said act, and insert instead
thereof the words "byway of Camp Harney."
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCXCVIII.—An Act to provide for the
Compensation of Grand and Petit Jurors in
the Circuit and District Courts of the United
States, and for other purposes.
Be it enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter the grand
and petit jurors in the several circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States shall each
receive for his services the sum of three dol-
lars per day for each day's actual attendance
at court, and for the time necessarily occupied
