1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4583
Sprngue, Stockton, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, V/i 1 -
Icy, Wilson, and Yates—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Carpenter,
Cattell, Corbett, Cragm, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Xlowe, Johnston,
Kellogg. Lewis,Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy,Revels,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, and Trumbull—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew the proviso
which I offered last evening for one-cent
postage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
"read.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question being put there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 26, noes 22.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2G, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Fowler, Gilbert,
Harris, Howard, McCreeiy, Nye, Pool, Ross, Scott,
Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Vickers, Warner, Williams, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Conkling,
Fentnn, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, How-
ell, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Sprague, Thayer, Tlxurman, Willey,
and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Carpenter,
Cattell, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Drako, Edmunds,
Ferry, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Ho'tVC,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Norton, Patterson, P<Jm-
eroy, Revels, Saulsbury, Schurz. and Sherman—23.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, June 18, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HE VISION OF NAVAL PROMOTIONS.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I arc directed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table Senate
joint resolution No. 163 for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Navy.
The joint resolution was read. The first sec-
tion provides that the Secretary of the N'avy is
hereby authorized to organize a board of three
officers, not below the grade of rear admiral,
who shall examine into the cases of such offi-
cers as may deem themselves unjustly passed
over by promotions made in conformity with
the act of Congress approved July 25, 18G6;
•which board shall report their conclusions to
the Secretary of the Navy, who shall report
the same to Congress. The second section pro-
vides that officers who have been promoted in
pursuance of the ninth section of the act to
amend certain acts in relation to the Navy,
passed March 2, 1867, shall be entitled to re-
ceive, from the date of such promotion, the
same pay when not on active duty that they
were at the time of being so promoted entitled
to when not on such duty, under the laws then
in force regulating the pay of officers of the
retired and reserved lists of the Navy, and the
said ninth section of said act is hereby repealed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out the
second section.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to tak-
ing up the resolution?
Mr. PAINE. What is the object of this
examination by a board of officers ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman has, per-
haps, seen publications in the newspapers in
reference to changes in the rank of officers by
dropping from one number to another and put-
ting others up from one number to another.
The Secretary of the Navy recommends the con-
vening of a board to supervise these changes
and to report its action to Congress to determ-
ine what shall be done.
Mr. PAINE. Is there any purpose in this
joint resolution to take out of the hands of
the President or the Secretary of the Navy the
duty of making promotions and appointments?
Not at all. The Secretary recommended this
and the naval officers are in favor of it. There
is objection to the second section, and I move
to strike it out.
Therebeingno objection, the joint resolution
was taken up and read a first and second time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thejoiiitresolution, as amended, was ordered
to a third reading; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ST. LOUIS AESENAL GIIOONDS.
Mr. ASPER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back a joint resolution (H. R. No. 305) con-
cerning arsenal grounds at St. Louis, Missouri,
with an amendment.
The joint resolution provides that the acts
of July 28, 1868, and March 3, 1869, in rela-
tion to the sale of St. Louis arsenal, be so far
amended that the portion of ground to be
granted forthe erection of a monument in mem-
ory of the late Brigadier General Nathaniel
Lyon, shall embrace all the ground lying be-
tween Carondelet avenue and Fourth street,
as laid down on the plat of ground now in the
ordnance office ; that all the ground and build-
ings thereon lying between Second street and
the river be reserved for such use as the inter-
est of the Array may require; and that the
remainder of the ground lying between Second
and Fourth streets be sold at public auction,
in the manner prescribed by the above cited
act of July 28, 1868, and the proceeds of the
sale applied to the erection of such buildings
as shall be necessary on the Jefferson Barracks
reservation; provided that the corporate au-
thorities of the city of St. Louis shall have the
privilege of purchasing said ground at an ap-
praised value before the sale; the appraise-
ment to be made by two persons to be selected
by the Secretary of War and two by the corpor-
ate authorities; the four appraisers to select
an umpire in case of disagreement, but the
result to be subject to the Secretary of War.
Mr. ASPER. The amendment is to strike
out the words "to be applied to the erection
of such buildings on the Jefferson Barracks
reservation," and insert "shall be paid into
the Treasury of the United States."
Mr. KELSEY. Where does this come from?
Mr. ASPER. It is recommended from the
War Department.
Mr. KELSEY. How much land does it
cover?
Mr. ASPER. Seventeen acres. Itamends
the law so as to give St. Louis two acres addi-
tional to the land already granted for a public
park. It reserves to the Government all the
public buildings on the ground from Second
street down to the river, and to sell the lots
between Second and Fourth streets. There
is a proviso that the corporate authorities of
St. Louis shall have the privilege of purchasing
the grounds at their appraised value before
the sale, and there is a sufficient guarantee for
pieservmg the landmarks made historical dur-
ing the war. I think there will be no objection
to it. , ...
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw my objection.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. ASPER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. I call for the regular order.
MARGAKBT, L. BYBEE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order haying
been called, the morning hour commences at
eighteen minutes past eleven, the business of
the morning hour being the consideration -of
reports from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. The bill under consideration when the
morning hour expired yesterday was the bill
(H. li. No. 2023) to restore the name of Mar-
garet L. Bybee to the pension-roll. An amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Sweeney] was pending, which the Olerk
will report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend by striking out after the word " rolls," in
the tenth line, the words " from and after the pas-
sage of this act during her widowhood," and insert-
ing in liou thereof the words "from and after tho
time payment has been suspended and during her
widowhood."
Mr. KELSEY. I wish to inquire where this
bill comes from.
The SPEAKER. From the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. KELSEY. Why was the name of this
pensioner stricken from the roll ?
The SPEAKER. When the morning hour
expired yesterday the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Sweeney] was holding the floor by
leave of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. SWEENEY. I had not concluded my
remarks when the morning hour expired yes-
terday. Am I not entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. Thatdepends entirely on
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,]
who had yielded the floor to the gentleman.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing that the
gentleman should conclude his remarks, if he
do not occupy too much time.
Mr. SWEENEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no
desire to press this amendment to the preju-
dice of the business in the hands of my col-
leagues on the committee, which they desire to
bring before the House during the morning
hour. I have very little further to say in sup-
port of the amendment. I have attempted
to rescue the statute which has been cited in
this case from the construction which would
make it a law confiscating the pension of Mrs.
Bybee, or any other pensioner residing in the
southern States. I have attempted, I say, to
rescue it from any construction which would
make the Congress of the United States for-
feit the right of any of the citizens of the
country by act of Congress merely, without
trial and without judicial conviction. I have
attempted to show that the right to a pension
was a vested right; as much so as any right
belonging to any of the citizens of the country.
Shall I be told—will any gentleman on the
other side of the House take the ground —that
the Congress of the United States have determ-
ined that, on the ground of mere sympathy
with the rebellion, on the ground of mere
opinion, this pensioner has forfeited her right
to her pension ?
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a remark just there ?
Mr. SWEENEY. Certainly.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman seems to
place the claim for a pension on the ground
of right. Now, I entertain a different idea. I
hold that it is a bounty of the Government, and
not a right on the part of the pensioner, and
that it is within the discretion of the Govern-
ment to continue it or discontinue it.
Mr. SWEENEY. Well, let us take it on
that ground, that it is a mere bounty, a mere
gratuity, so far as theGovernmentis concerned;
still tho question remains, will that gratuity,
will that bounty be forfeited by reason of the
pensioner entertaining sympathy only for the
rebellion? That is the question. I conceive
not. But I do not concede that these pensions
are given purely as an act of bounty. I do not
admit that the soldier who goes into our armies
and fights our battles has not earned the small
pittance which the Government gives. I might
go further, and say that in every civilized and
Christian country when a soldier is recruited
