1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5527
pensation for the past and future use of the
same by the Post Office Department.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
thejoint resolution.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the joint resolution with an
amendment to strike out all after the resolving
clause and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That the Postmaster General bo, and he ishereby,
authorized and directed to investigate the right and
title of claimants to the invention, device, or instru-
ments for post-marking and postage-stamp canceling
in the postal service, patented on the 14th day of
April, 18G3, reissued the 23d day of August, 1864, and
again reissued the 3d day of August, 1869, and now
and for many years past in general use in the postal
service of the United States; and to ascertain and
determine upon a fair, just, and equitable compen-
sation for tiie use of said invention and device from
the date of its use by the Post Office Department; and
also to ascertain anddetermineuponafair and equi-
table compensation for its future use and value to
the Post Office Department and Government while
the said letters-patent shall continue, and to whom
it should be paid under the said letters-patent and
reissues thereof; and to pay the amount thus ascer-
tained and determined upon to theperson orpersons
entitled to have and to receive the same under and
by virtue of said letters-patent and tbe reissues of
the same and assignments thereof. Thesaid amount
so iixed and determined upon shall be paid in the
usua 1 manner of making payments by the Postmaster
General, out of any money in the Treasury of the
United States not otherwise appropriated. And on
making such settlement and payment the Postmas-
ter General shall take from the owner or owners of
said device or instrument and letters-patent a full
l eioaso and acquittance for its past use, and an assign-
ment or exclusive license for the future use of said
invention, device, and letters-patent by the Post
Ofiice Department or by the Government ofthe Uni-
ted States of America.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that that
is rather a dangerous bill to pass. As I un-
derstand it, it authorizes the Postmaster Gen-
eral to inquire into the right to a patent. That
is a very complicated question. Some of the
most complicated questions that arise in our
courts are as to the right to a patent, whether
the patentee has discovered anything new,
whether it was not in use before. There is a
great deal of litigation growing out of these
questions. Now it is made the duty of the
Postmaster General to ascertain such rights
here. I suppose there must be conflicting
claims.
Mr. FENTON. None at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why is a bill to be
passed directing him to ascertain the title and
right to this patent?
•Mr. FENTON. Simply to see whether the
Government owes anything on account of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Illinois
will recollect that some two or three years ago
Ike Senate passed a bill appropriating for the
use of this patent throughout the Post Office
Department all over the United States $100,-
000. From lapse of time it fell in the House
of Representatives. Mr. Norton is the inventor
of tiie patent canceler, the only one used in
the United States. We have been using it now
for eight years. The Post Office enters into
contracts with the manufacturers of these can-
oelers every four years. The present contract
is about expiring, and the Postmaster General
is about entering into another contract. This
party can interpose. Of course he is not dis-
posed to wait any longer ; he has waited very
long already, and this simply gives the Post-
master General the opportunity of adjusting
the matter and settling it on some principle.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He may pay $100,000
or $-j0O,OOO ; there seems to be no limitation.
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably he would pay no
more than the Senate once resolved that Mr.
Norton was entitled to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to come before
Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I ask for the
ino: ninfjr business.
TIip VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
K' liim Ly objects to the further consideration
o! this joint resolution. The post route biil is
leiiire she Senate by unanimous consent.
Mr DAVIS. If the Senate would act upon
it and not talk 
Mr. FENTON. The Senator from Kentucky
has no objection if the Senate will act without
further discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
Kentucky has objected. The Senator from New
York must make his appeal to that Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate will vote I will
withdraw the objection. If not 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the question whether the Senate is
ready to take the vote on the joint resolution
proposed by tbe Senator from New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It should be amended
so as to require the Postmaster General to
report the amount to Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it ought to be so
amended as to require the Postmaster General
to report his proceedings to Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Exactly.
Mr. FENTON. That will defeat the object
of the proposed settlement, which is to prevent
a question being raised between the proprietor
of this patent and the Post Office Department.
Now, suppose, instead of the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois, this mat-
ter be referred to the Postmaster General and
the Attorney General. Certainly Congress can
afford to trust those officials of the Government
in the adjustment of such a matter. It is hardly
to be supposed 
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the further consid-
eration of this matter. It is leading to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The post route
biil is before the Senate by unanimous consent.
post route bill.
Mr. PRATT. I ask unanimous consent to
take up House bill No. 2331, for the relief of
the heirs of Jethro Wood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One bill at a time. I
object to everything but the bill under consid-
eration.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not morning business in
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, because
by unanimous consent, simultaneously with the
reading of the Journal, the Senate determined
to take up the post route bill. The Chair
supposed it would give rise to no debate as the
bill contains no legislation; but the Senator
from Illinois desires to have the bill read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not going to insist
on the reading of that long bill. I think the
practice exceedingly bad to pass a bill without
reading it; but this being the post route bill 
Mr. RAMSEY. There is not a particle of
legislation in it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And having understood
that there is nothing in it but post routes, I
shall not insist on the reading if other Sen-
ators do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that it has been the usage in past, years
for the Presiding Officer to examine the bill
and state to the Senate that it contains no
legislation, but simply post routes, and they
generally vote to dispense with the reading.
Any Senator, however, has the right to demand
the reading of any bill in full. If no such
demand is made this bill will be before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
open to amendment without reading.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No.
2370) to establish certain post roads.
Mr.WILLEY. 1 desire to make a correction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There areamend-
ments reported by the Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Roads containing no legislation,
but simply establishing post routes. They will
be regarded as agreed to if there be no objec-
tion ; and the bill is now open to further amend-
ment.
Mr. WILLEY. On page 2-1, line five hun-
dred and seventy-seven, after the wordst! Pleas-
ant Dale," I move to insert "via Newport;"
so as to read " From Pleasant Dale, via New-
port, to Smith's Gap."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. Ihavecorrectionsto make
in several of the West Virginia routes in the
bill as passed by the House of Representatives.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator furnished
me with a memorandum of the corrections, no
doubt they are already made in the committee's
amendments.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have a memorandum
of them here in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The correction
of the Senator from West Virginia will be
regarded as agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. On page 6, line one hundred
and twenty, the word "Rewanna" should be
changed to " Kewanna"K" should be sub-
stituted for " R."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. PRATT. Also, in line one hundred and
twenty-eight, " from Bloomfield, via Hofliers-
ville to Owensburg." The word after "via"
should be Hooliersville.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made.
Mr. SPENCER. I move, under the head
of Alabama, to amend the bill by inserting
" from Garrison's Point to Hanby's Mill."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
credentials.
Mr. NYE presented the credentials of Hon.
Morgan C. Hamilton, elected by the Legis-
lature of the State of Texas a Senator from
that State for the term commencing on the 4th
day of March, 1871; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
nortons's stamp canceler.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. FENTON. The Senator from Illinois
and the Senator from Oregon have agreed with
the members who feel interested in the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 207) authorizing the Post-
master General to continue to use in the postal
service a certain invention and device for the
post-marking of mail packages and for the
more peAianent cancellation of postage stamps,
and to make a just and equitable compensation
for the past and future use of the same by the
Post Office Department, upon the necessary
amendments, and the Senator from Kentucky
has agreed to withdraw his objection now.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. FENTON. Will my friend from Mas-
sachusetts give way until this can be disposed
of? It will take but one moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out,
in line nineteen, all after the word " to " and
insert " report the amount thus ascertained to
Congress at its next session."
Mr. FENTON. That is satisfactory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tbe joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a reso-
lution which I wish to have acted on at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I v/ant the morning business
in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a petition from a
verv large number of citizens in tbe western
part of tiie State of Kansas, who earnestly pray
that efforts by their Senators and members in
Congress may be successful in securing a grant
