5528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
of land for a line of railroad through the south-
western portion of the State. This matter has
been reported upon, and I ask that the petition
lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of the
Tennessee Horticultural Society, praying to be
relieved of the tax upon the gross receipts of
its exhibitions ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
William B. West, praying compensation for
extra services rendered as consul at Dublin,
Ireland, from 1865 to 18G9; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HOWARD presented a memorial of
citizens of the United States, remonstrating
against the extension of John Young's patent
for washing and wringing-machines; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
rbpouts op committees
Mr.HOWE, from theCommittee onClaims,
to whom was referred the petition of E. A.
Coleman, praying compensation for services
rendered by his son, Charles J. Coleman, as
first lieutenant company H, first Kansas col-
ored volunteers, from August 1, 18G2, to May,
1863, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 472) for the relief
of Jonathan E. Pettit, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. PRATT. 1 ask unanimous consent of
the Senate that that bill be now put on its
passage.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask to make some reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. DAVES, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 19S0)
for the relief of William I. Blackistonc, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Enoch Lott, pray-
ing compensation for services in the quarter-
master'sdepartment, United States Army,from
July 4,1S68, to October 22,18G8, in accordance
with the terms of his agreement witji Jarnes
T. Hoyt, captain and assistant quartermaster,
United States Army, reported adversely there-
on, and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
fourteenth and ftftugntii amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the concurrent res-
olution of the House of Representatives to
print additional copies of the act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United States, &c.,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment and recommend its passage, and
I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered as concurred in, as follows:
Resolved by the House of Rejyresevtathes, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed ol the act
emitted "An aef, to enforce the rights of citizens of
theUnited (States to vote in thesevcral State.' of tins
Union, and for other purposes," unproved May 31.
1870, twenty thousand additional copies, fifteen tho u-
sand of which shall be for the use of the IIor.se, snd
five thousand for the use of the Senate.
s:>:rniso:> i ax kkpoi'-t
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee. to
whom was referred a resolution of the House
of Representatives to print additional copies
of the report of the Smithsonian Institution of
1869, have directed me to report it back ami
ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
considered and concurred in, as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That ten thousand additional copies
of the report of the Smithsonian Institution for the
year 1869 bo printed, three thousand of which shall
be for the use of the Senate, four thousand for the
use of the House, and three thousand for the use of
the Institution : Provided, That the aggregate num-
ber of pages of paid report shall not exceed tour hun-
dred and fifty, and that there shall be no illustra-
tions cxcept those furnished by tho Smithsonian
Institution.
postal telegkapii.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives to print addi-
tional copies of the report on the postal tele-
graph, have directed me to report the same
back, and recommend its passage, and ask fpr
its present consideration.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and concurred in, as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring.) That there bo printed three thousand
seven hundred extra copies of tho report of the spe-
cial Committee on the Postal Telegraph, with accom-
panying documents; of which twenty-five hundred
copies shall be for the use of the House, and twelve
hundred for the use of the Senate.
land OFFICII niSPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to call t.lie atten-
tion of the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wil-
liams] and the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] and other western Senators to the
fact that the resolution to print the Land Office
report has been kept upon the table for a long
time, not through my negligence, but gentle-
men have not been ready for it. There is no
chance to pass it unless it is passed now. I
think the better plan would be to leave out the
(Xsputed part and allow the resolution to pass.
Otherwise the additional copies will not be
printed.
Mr. COLE. I think it had better be con-
sidered now.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; it had better be con-
sidered now.
Mr. FOWLER. I have a little bill which I
should like to have passed—House bill No.
1893.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am so well satisfied
that the right way is not to have two unani-
mous consents piled one on the other that I
object until this is out of the way.
Mr. FOWLER. There seemed to be some
delay in finding the resolution of the Senator
from Rhode Island.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object to the
Senator's bill, but it confuses us to have two
or three things up at the same time.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
report the resolution laid over since the 20th
of May, in regard to tho Land Office report.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Williams or. the 7th of
April, and then referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That tho Congressional Printer he, and
he is hereby, authorized to cause to be printed for tho [
use of the Senate tliree thousand copies of tlieroport i
in full of the Commissioner of thoUeneralLand Office j
for tho year lS(if), with accompanying maps, and iu i
addition theretotwo thousand copies fur distribution i
bysaid Commissioner: also, for distribution through {
the State Department, of a condensed edition of said ]
report, contain in;.; all tho items of general interest, ,
with accompanying connooted map of the United 1
States and Territories showing the progress of public ,
surveys and topographical features of the country, as
follows, namely, in German, thieo thousand copies;
in French,one thousand copies, and m Swedish, one
thousand copies. '
On the20rh of May the Committee on Print-
in!; reported the following amendment as a
substitute ior the resolution:
Resolved hi the Senate, (the House of Represents,-
tives concurring,) That there be printed for tho use
of tlic Semite, three thousand copies of therepoitof
the Commissioner of the General Land Otliee for 1869,
wif h accompanying maps; six thousand copiesof the
same for the use of the House of liepresentatives, ami
two f housands copies of the same for distribution by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office ; also,
five thousand copies of a condensed edition of the
same, with the connected map of tho United States,
for distribution through the State Department, of
which three thousand shall be in German, one thou-
sand in 1'rencli, and one thousand in Swedish.
Mr. PO.MEROY. The portion allotted to
fiie Commissioner of the General Land Office
I move to increase. 1 have found that he lias
had to supply all the ioeal offices, and he lias
itifoimed me that he has but a few left. They
have been so anxious to get them that l>e had
to send out advance sheets. I move to add ,
one thousand to the number that the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office is entitled to. They
are writing to him all over the world for them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will accept the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as agreed to, there being no
objection. The question is on the amendment
of the Committee on Printing, as amended.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to strike out the
words "with accompanying maps." These
maps are very expensive, and I do not think,
in the present condition of the Treasury, we
ought to print them.
Mr. HARLAN. The maps are very valua-
ble. They indicate the lands that have been
surveyed as distinguished from those which
have not been surveyed in the various new
States and Territories. The amount it will
cost to print them is a mere drop in the bucket
compared with tho advantage to the Govern-
ment of the United States. It is a great adver-
tising medium. A wholesale merchant would
spend that much in advertising his goods. There
i3 not a railroad having a land grant in the
whole conntry that would hesitate a moment
in thus advertising the lands it had for sale.
The principal value of the whole thing consists
in correct maps of the lands, indicating the
surveys.
Mr. HOWARD. It is the most valuable
part of the report.
Mr. ANTHONY. No man has a higher
estimate of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office than I have. I think he is an
excellent officer, a man full of enthusiasm for
his office, and who attends to nothing else,
and thinks of nothing else. It is not from any
prejudice against him that I object to the pub-
lication of these maps. It is because they are
so expensive. While I should have no objec-
tion to the Government of the United States
ordering a survey of the country and having a
general system of maps, all upon the same
scale and all upon the same plan, as has been
done in many of the countries of Europe, I
think the Commissioner of the General Land
Office is not the officer to undertake that work.
I think it should be done by the engineers.
We have now maps from the Land Office ; we
have maps from the PostOffice ; we have maps
from the Coast Survey, and maps from the
engineer department and from the Pacific rail-
road. A11 these departments should be joined
in one if we are to make a series of maps from
the latest surveys and from the latest possible
accounts, and with tho highest scientific accu-
racy.
Among the maps accompanying this report
(lie most expensive is the map of the world.
1 see no reason why we should print a map of
the world.
Mr. STEWART. Leave that out, if you
wi'li; bat the other maps, the maps of the
surveys, should be published, and the con-
nected map. I should like to have the map
of tho world in ; but if we cannot get that,
exclude it and give us the rest.
Mr. ANTHONY. That map of the world
is a copy of a German map of Berghaus, a very
excellent mop. the same that was hung up here
during the discussion of the Sandwich Island
treaty, and on one other occasion, I believe, in
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I have it here now.
Mr. ANTHONY. That map, in my judg-
ment, can be imported without duties cheaper
than we can engrave it and print it, and itcan
be brought here. I suppose, in sixty days;
whereas to engrave the map hero will take at
least a year, and I do not know but more than
a year.
Mr. COLE. If is printed in German.
Mr. ANTHONY. It has been printed in
German and iu English. I have seen one in
English. Berghaus's is a great map estab-
lish raent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
