4584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
he goes into the army under an implied prom-
ise of the Government that if he falls his widow
and orphans shall be cared for by that Gov-
ernment ; and that if he is disabled his country
will see to it that he does not come to want.
That sort of promise is held out to every sol-
dier who enters the service. The pensions
granted by the United States are compounded
of the idea of service rendered on the part of
the soldier and of gratitude on the part of the
Government for that service.
But, as I have said, put it if you please on
the idea of its being a bounty, resting purely
on that idea, is it, I ask the gentleman, any
the less a vested right in the pensioner? Here
is an act of Congress which is absolute and
unconditional, which gives the pension for and
during the term of the natural life of the pen-
sioner without qualification. Now, on what
principle can Congress resume a grant which
has been so made?
I am willing to concede that a pension may
be forfeited, that rights of property may be
forfeited; but how? By force of a mere act
of Congress? Not at all. It can only be for-
feited for the crime of treason ; and that crime
must be ascertained after full investigation of
the facts, and a judicial sentence formally
announced. And until such a conviction is
hud there can be no forfeiture. I am arguing
against the doctrine of forfeiture by act of Con-
gress ; for I insist that this pensioner had a
vested right in her pension.
I have attempted to show that Congress has
indicated no policy that will now persuade this
Congress against restoring this good lady to
the pension-rolls. It has not been determined
that sympathy with the rebellion is sufficient
authority for the rejection of her claim. Sup-
pose this were here as an original question,
could we, on such ground, strike her name
from the rolls? This law was passed in 18G2,
and its purpose was to suspend the payment
of pensions during the existence of the war.
The act might have gone further; it might have
suspended the payment of pensions to friends
as well as to foes. It did not do that, however;
it limited the suspension to persons who may
have taken part in the rebellion. What was
the purpose of the law ? Simply to suspend the
payment of these pensions during the continu-
ance of the war. Now that the war is over,
the right itself having survived, is it not the
duty of Congress to place her name again on
the rolls, unless it shall now be determined
that her sympathies preclude favorable consid-
eration ? That is the point which I make. This
does not involve the question of the terms upon
which pensions shall be restored to persons to
whom pensions had been granted for services
rendered in former wars, who have since re-
belled ; that question is not involved at all.
It must be apparent that if the act of Con-
gress to which I have referred is to be taken
as a resumption by the Government of the
grants theretofore made, then it becomes neces-
sary for Congress to take some affirmative
action if any name stricken from the rolls is
to be restored. But without such action, as I
have already said, the Secretary of the Interior
has, in compliance with the regulations which
he has prescribed, put the names of suspended
pensioners on the rolls. This could not have
been done if the act of February, 1862, worked
the repeal of the acts under which the pensions
were granted; but it might be properly done
under the view that the right itself was not dis-
turbed, the act alone providing for the suspen-
sion of payment.
I contend that the Secretary's construction
of the act, the view which the Government has
aefed upon, is the true view of the question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think I cannot yield
further.
Mr. SWEENEY. Only a moment more.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have a great many
bills to report.
Mr. SWEENEY. In the brief time allowed
me by the chairman of the Committee on In-
valid Pensions [Mr. Benjamin] I wish to say
something in reference to the facts of this case.
From the evidence before the committee, as
I have already said, this good lady is now
seventy-five years old. Sho resided in the city
of Memphis during the greater part of the late
war. There was testimony before the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions of a Mr. Hammond,
who testified that he was chief of staff for Gen-
eral Sherman during the occupation of Mem-
phis by our troops. He also testified that the
conduct of this good lady was entirely satis-
factory to the military authorities.
This pension was granted to this lady on
account of the services of her husband, who was
a colonel in the war of 1812. There is no proof
before the committee, there is no suspicion
even, of her disloyalty during the war, beyond
the sympathy which she entertained for her
section, and for her kindred who were involved
in that struggle; nothing beyond that. She
was obedient to all the laws. And on this ap-
plication to restore her name, can we forget the
services rendered to the country by her illus-
trious father, Governor Adair, during the rev-
olutionary war, and the fact that her husband
lost his life in the service of his country dur-
ing the war of 1812—shall we forget all that
merely becausc of any sympathy which she
may have entertained for the rebellion ? Can
we afford to wreak our vengeance on the old
women and children in the southern States? I
know the rebellion is regarded as a great crime,
but surely the old women of the South are not
to answer for it. It is not to be charged to Mrs.
Bybee, who took no part in it. If she did,
punish her by bringing her to trial for the
treason, but do not, by your refusal to pass
this amendment, fix a crime upon her when
none has been committed. Do not punish for
intents that found no expression in word or
deed ; and, I will add, do not say her sympa-
thies were either unnatural or wrong under all
the circumstances.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, I am not
going to consume by any lengthy discussion of
this case the whole of the morning hour devoted
to reports of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions ; butlwilldetain theHouseafewinoments
in stating the nature of this case, so that mem-
bers may vote upon it intelligently.
This lady was in 1861-G2 and has been ever
since a resident of the State of Tennessee, one
of the rebel States. On the 4th day of Febru-
ary, 1802, Congress passed an act suspending
the payment of all pensions in the rebel States.
That act applied of course to both loyal and
disloyal persons resident there. The necessity
for sucli an act every one can readily see. At
the close of the war we provided that all per-
sons whose pensions had been suspended under
that act might make application to the Pension
Bureau, in the form prescribed by the Secretary
of the Interior, for the restoration of their pen-
sions ; and on complying with certain require-
ments should have their pensions restored.
A large number of pensions have been thus
restored, the applications being made in due
form. The form of application required from
parties in such cases is almost precisely the
same as that prescribed for persons applying
for pensions in consequence of services ren-
dered or disability incurred during the rebel-
lion. In other words all applicants have to
swear that they never aided or abetted the
rebellion. This lady made application, but
declined to make such affidavit; and henee
the pension cannot be restored to her.
Mr. SWEENEY. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. SWEENEY. Does not the oath pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior in these
'cases go very far beyond the act of February
4, 1862?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will read the form of
the oath. After slating residence, age, &c.,
the applicant is required to swear as follows:
"I have not borne arms against the Government
uf tho United States, or in any manner aided or
abetted tho rebellion, or those prosecuting the rebel-
lion, or manifested a sympathy with their cause; but
on the contrary did, during the said rebellion, earn-
estly desire its suppression by force ot arms.
This is the oath which all persons applying
for restoration of pensions are required to take.
A person residing in the North and applying
for a pension must take the same oath except
the clause denying having manifested sympathy
with tho rebel cause. An applicant from the
northern States must swear that he has not
borne arms against the Government nor aided
or abetted the rebellion.
This lady refuses to take the oath required,
and conies to Congress asking the restoration
of her pension by special act. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Sweeney] proposes to carry back the restora-
tion to February 4, 1862, the date of the act
suspending the payment of pensions in the
South.
1 send to the Clerk, and ask him to read, a
letter from the Commissioner of Pensions, in
response to an inquiry of the committee rela-
tive to this case. This letter will show the
reasons the pension cannot be restored by the
Commissioner.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Pension Office,
Washington, D. C., June 16,18T0,
Sir : In response to your call for papers in the case
of Mrs. Margaret Bybee, formerly widow of Colonel
William P. Anderson, sit one time of tho twenty-
fourth United States infantry, I have to inform you
that said Mrs. Bybee was granted a pension under
the acts of February 3, 1853, and J une 8, 18-58, and
drew the same until 1861. Her name was dropped
irom the rolls by tho Secretary of tho Interior, under
act of i:'ebruary 4, 1S62, and her application for res-
toration to the rolls (among the papers herewith
inclosed) has been rejected by reason of her own ad-
mission ot sympathy with the rebel cause.
The original penbion papers in said case cannot be
found, and I forward herewith all the papers per-
taining to said^ase to be found in this office.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, C. S. TXtEVTi'T,
Actiacf Co>iimiz>iioner.
Hon. John F. Benjamin, Chairman Committee on
Invalid pensions, House of liepreacat-ativcg.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The papers in the case
confirm the statement of that letter. The rea-
son Mrs. Bybee's pension is not restored to her
by the Department is that she was a rebel dur-
ing the rebellion. She fully admits this in the
papers presented. Now, I object to the restor-
ation in this case, or rather I object to make
a special case here to the exclusion of all the
other cases in the South standing upon the
same basis.
I am not prepared to say what is the duty of
Congress as to a general law for the restoration
of parties in the South to their pensions; but
I will say this, that it should not precede a bill
of general amnesty to all those who engaged in
the rebellion. The Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, or rather a majority of those who were
present, agreed to the report of this bill to the
House more for the purpose of testing the sense
of the House than for any other reason, as to
whether'she should be restored to her pension
from the date of the passage of this act. The
gentleman's amendment proposes to go back to
1861. The Committee on Invalid Pensions are
opposed to any resolution upon those terms.
In my opinion we should not act on this case
singly, but should wait for all the other cases
scattered all through the South. 1 will not
take up the time of the House any further.
Mr. MOOUE, of Illinois. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me.
Mr. BENJAMIN. For a question.
Mr. BENTON. Was not the ease as pre-
sented by the gentleman from Kentucky sub-
mitted to the committee and voted down?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman is cor-
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, it
seems to me this appears to be a special case.
'Lhis old lady, between seventy-live and eighty
years of age, has been a long while a pensioner
upon the Government. She is the daughter
ol a distinguished revolutionary soldier. She
