3640
THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
the consideration of business upon the Speak-
er's fable.
Mr. BURDETT. I will say a few words,
with the permission of the House. I have been
endeavoring, during this entire session, to bring
this contested-election case before the House.
It is duo to gentlemen interested in election
cases, either as contestees or contestants, that
these cases shall be disposed of. And I now
beg tho House either to go on with this case
until two o'clock, to make a commencement
of it. or else to agree that it shall be taken up
on Monday next. If tho House will consent
that we may occupy to-morrow or Monday with
this case 
Several Members. To-morrow.
Mr. BURDETT. Mr. Speaker, if the case
be not taken np now it is immaterial whether
to-morrow or itonday be given to if, for it can
be disposed of in a very short time. I prefer,
however, to go on now.
Mr. PAINE. I suggest to the gentleman
from Missouri to name Monday in preference
to to-morrow.
Mr. JNGERSOLL. I desire to inform the
House that there are more than one hundred
bills now on the Speaker's table. If the policy
of the House should crowd all those to the
heel of the session many of them, if disposed
of at all, will be disposed of summarily with-
out such consideration as they deserve. If the
gentleman from Missouri should succeed in
bringing up this election case to-day, he can
adrance but little in its consideration during
the forty minutes remaining between this time
and two o'clock; so that, aa regards time,
which now becomes an important considera-
tion, nothing will probably be saved. If, how-
ever, we proceed now to business on the
Speaker's table we shall dispose of many of
the bills there by reference or otherwise; and
the gentleman from Missouri can take up his
election case to-morrow or Monday. Hence,
I raise the question whether the House will
consider at this time the election case.
Mr. DAWES. I know the importance of
election cases ; and I know how difficult it is
to secure the attention of the House at this
stage of the session for such cases. I suggest
to the gentleman to ask the House to assign
this evening for going on with this case. I
know it is not very pleasant to come here in
the evening; but I fear that under existing
circumstances, and with the present pressure
of business, no fair aifd just hearing—I say it
with all respect to the House—can be obtained
for these cases.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The question can be
discussed this evening aud a vote taken on
Monday.
Mr. BURDETT. I must object to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] I am sorry to do so; but I am
well satisfied that if an evening session be
ordered for the hearing of this or any other
election case the result will be that there will
be no proper hearing of the question by the
House. I desire that the House shall hear the
case.
Mr. DAWES. I want to say one word fur-
ther. I intend never to oppose the taking up of
an election case. My experience in such cases
forbids my doing so. But I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he can hardly obtain a fair hear-
ing of the discussion upon the case under any
circumstances. I shall vote with the gentle-
man to take up the case whenever be may
undertake to bring it up, whether it may inter-
fere with the appropriation bills or not. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bprdett] rises to a question of
privilege, and calls up the contested election
case of Newsham vs. Ryan, from the fourth
district of Louisiana. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] raises the question
whether th« House will consider the case at
this time.
The question was decided in the affirmative—
yeas eighty, noes not counted.
i:i,KCTION CONTKST NKWSIIAM VS. RYAN.
Mr. BURDETT. I ask that the resolutions
reported by the committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
llesolvetf. That Michael Ryan is not entitled to a
sent as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress
from tho fourth district of Louisiana.
lieiolved. That J. P. Nowsham is ontitled to a soat
as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress from
tho fourth district of Louisiana.
Mr. BURDETT. I understand that by the
ruling of the Chair the debate on this question
must be suspended at two o'clock. I will say,
therefore, for the information of the House,
that I propose to occupy about fifteen minutes,
after which I will yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] who represents the
minority of the committee.
Mr. Speaker, there have already been
before the House for its consideration three
election cases from the State of Louisiana;
and in the discussion of two (if those cases
many of the facts and considerations which
have operated upon the mind of the committee
in reaetiing its conclusions have received the
attention of the House. In many of the facts
and surroundings of all these cases there is a
general similitude. Yet, sir. the facts in all
the cases are not the 6ame. It will be borne
in mind that a committee was sent by this
House to the State of Louisiana for the pur-
pose of investigating the allegations of fraud
and violence which were made upon the one
side and denied upon the other. From the
committee who, under those instructions, went
upon the ground and examined a large num-
ber of witnesses face to face, has emanated
this report, declaring that in the opinion of the
committee, Mr. Newsham, and not Mr. Ryan,
is entitled to the seat from the fourth district
of Louisiana. This case differs from the other
cases from the State of Louisiana in- the fact
that, apart from the question of fraud and vio-
lence, apart from the question as to the returns
of votes, the contestant has raised the point
upon which the House has directed the com-
mittee to inquire, as to whether the contestee,
Mr. Ryan, is ineligible to a seat on this.floor,
on account of his inability to take the oath
prescribed by the fourteenth article of the
amendments to the Constitution.
The committee have reported upon that
question, and in their report they have felt it
to be their duty, on the evidence and the proof
submitted, to say to the House that in their
judgment Mr. Ryan is not eligible to a seat in
this House. But, Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to -go over that question at all. I do not
propose to call for the reading of any testi-
mony bearing on that part of the case. Nor
do I propose to urge it upon the consideration
of the House, as the distinctive proposition to
be settled in this case is, Who is entitled to this
seat? That question the committee conceive
will be wholly disposed of on the general merits
of the case.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire the attention of
the House while I say frankly to the House
precisely how the question stands between the
| contestants for this seat upon the figures and
[ the election returns. The certificate of election
j was granted by the proper certifying officer of
; the State of Louisiana to Mr. Ryan, the con-
testee. In that certificate it was certified that
i he had received 10,385 votes : and Mr. New-
sham 5,G06 votes. The contestant objects,
nevertheless, against seating Mr. Ryan, on the
I ground that this apparent majority was merely
; the triumph of fraud and violence; that in
i truth and in fact, in several districts, or par-
ishes, aa they are termed in Louisiana, from
i which this majority came, there was no fair
: election, nor even the semblance of a fair elec-
tion. And in this charge, made by the contest-
! ant, the committee, after a most careful and
most laborious and most scrutinizing investi-
gation of the affairs connected with that elec-
] tion, have been able most fully and most en-
! tirely to agree. We stand upon the floor to-day
I saying to the House, if our judgment has not
deceived us, if we have not been most grossly
led astray, there was not in four parishes of
that district (those four parishes which gave
to Mr. Ryan his claim to a majority) any
semblance, or, in fact, any pretense to a fair
election at which tho citizen could as he de-
sired, if known to be a Republican, cast his
vote, yea or nay.
I desire to call the attention of the House at
once to the peculiar state of facts, the anoma-
lous, the unusual, the suspicious state of facts
which upon the figures themselves at once
appeal to the intelligence of every looker on
' in the discussion of this question. I call the
, attention of the House to the fact that there
was an election in these parishes in 1807 ; that
there was an election in these parishes in
April, 1808, only a few months before the elec-
tion now under consideration; that at those
two former elections, when there was a reason-
able degree of peace in those parishes, there
was a large Republican vote cast. I then call
the attention of the House to the further fact
that in the space of a few months a large num-
ber, amounting to thousands, of Republican
votes cast in these four parishes dwindled
down to the insignificant number of 40 votes
only; that in one of these parishes, where a
large number of Republican votes were cast
but seven months before, no single Republican
vote was permitted to be cast; that in three
others of these same parishes but one single
Republican vote was cast as against thousands
cast a few months before; that in the whole,
I repeat again, of these five contested parishes
thousands of Republican votes were dwindled
down to only 40, and in four of them but 3
Republican votes are returned.
Mr. Speaker, the question upon this show-
ing at once appeals to the intelligence with
the inquiry how this anomalous state of facts
occur? What cause was there which in so
short time reversed the verdict of the peo-
ple in so marked and peculiar a manner?
The answer to this inquiry is found in the vol-
umes of testimony submitted to the House by
the Committee, from which it appears that at
that election no men, save such as braved death
itself, were permitted to cast a Republican vote.
; Mr. Speaker, this is not the language of hyper-
i bole. I appeal to the testimony. I appeal to
witness after witness who tells the story of the
|! state of things existing in those parishes. I
i' would to God that much of that record could
' be erased. It is there to last forever a testi-
' mony against us; and it is there to remind this
House that a last appeal is made to their jus-
tice for their decision as to whether or not the
people shall be represented on this floor by the
man of their own choice, or whether those who
not only speak for themselves but who assume
i to speak for others shall be represented here.
The whole number of votes cast in the entire
district was 20,500.; the whole number of votes
registered was 25,027 ; the number registered
but not voting was 4,507. And here, sir,
I wish to call the attention of the House to
the fact that by excluding the parishes chal-
lenged by the contestant, three fifths of the
| registered voters of the fourth district of Loui-
siana are still represented in the parishes not
challenged. This is not a case in which if we
exclude, as I expect the House to do, the four
contested parishes, but a small number of vot-
" ers are represented by the vote of the peace-
able parishes. But excluding these parishes,
which are sought to be excluded on the ground
of intimidation and violence, there still remain
three fifths of the entire voting population of
j the district who were represented in the par-
j ishes which were reasonably peaceable, and
i which gave a large majority for the contestant
1 in this case. Two thirds of all the votes cast
.! in the district were cast in the peaceable par-
j ishes. I observe, Mr. Speaker, that the time
when I agreed to yield to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voorbees] has arrived. I there-
fore yield to that gentleman the balance of the
time remaining until two o'clock.
