18T0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
?39
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
cers or persons, under any pretense of adding
to or increasing their compensation as fixed by
the United States.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—A Resolution in relation to a Site for
a Building for the State Department.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of State,
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary
of War, the architect of the Capitol extension,
the supervising architect of the Treasury De-
partment, and the Superintendent of Public
Buildings and Grounds, be, and they are here-
by, appointed a commission to select a site for
the erection of a building for a new State De-
partment, subject to the approval of Congress;
to cause plans to be made fpr the same, with
an estimate of [the] probable cost thereof;
and also to examine as to the propriety of
making some arrangements for the W ar Depart-
tnent: Provided, That the commission should
reach the conclusion that the present site of
that Department is the most suitable for the
State Department, and report to Congress on
the (irst day of next session.
Approved, December 14, 1809.
No. 2.—A Resolution appointing General
Thomas Osborn a Manager of the National
Asylum for Disabled Soldiers.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That General Thomas
Osborn, of Illinois, be, and he is hereby, ap-
pointed a manager of the National Asylum for
Disabled Soldiers, in the place of Richard J.
Oglesby, resigned.
Approved, December 14, 1869.
No. 3.—Joint Resolution disapproving of a
Contract for leasing the Custom-House Block
in San Francisco.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the certain agree-
ment made the eleventh day of February, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, between the Uni-
ted States acting by Hugh McCulloch, Secretary
of the Treasury, of the one part, and John R.
Buckbee and Henry F. "Williams, of the other
part, for the leasing of the lot in San Francisco,
California, known as the custom-house block,
fqr the period of twenty-five years, for certain
considerations therein named, be hereby dis-
approved and annulled.
Approved, December 22,1869.
No. 4.—A Resolution suspending existing
Provisions of Law for taking the Census.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all existing provis-
ions of law relating to taking the census re-
quired by the Constitution of the United States
be, and the same are hereby, suspended and
postponed until the first day of February, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approvkd, December 22, 1869.
No. f>.—Joint Resolution relating to Steam-
boats and other Vessels owned in the Loyal
Slates.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of February
nineteenth, [twenty-first,] eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, entitled 4'An act to declare
the sense of an act entitled ' An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,' " and
so forth, and so forth, shall not apply to nor
be construed to debar the settlement of claims
for steamboats or other vessels taken without
consent of the owner, or impressed into the
military service of the United States, during
thelate war, in States or parts of States declared
in insurrection: Provided, That the claimants
were loyal at the time their claims originated,
and remained loyal thereafter, and were resi-
dents of loyal States, and such steamboats or
other vessels were in the insurrectionary dis-
tricts by proper authority, viz: charter, con-
tract, impressment, or in conformity with rules
or regulations established by the Secretary of
the Treasury and approved by the President
of the United States.
Approved, December 23,1869.
No. 6.—Joint Resolution of Tribute to the
Memory of George Peabody, deceased.
Whereas, in the death of George Peabody, a
native of the United States, and late a resident
of England, our country and the world have
sustained an irretrievable loss; and whereas
the Queen of Great Britain, the authorities of
Loudon, and the Emperor of France have
made extraordinary provision for the transfer
of his remains to his native land: Therefore,
Beitresolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of tile
United States be authorized to make such prep-
aration for the reception of the body of our
distinguished philanthropist as is merited by
his glorious deeds, and in a manner commen-
surate with the justice, maguanimity, and dig-
nity of a great people.
And be it further resolved, That the expenses
incurred by such ceremonial as the President
may adopt in the premises shall be yiaid by any
mouey in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, December 28, 1869.
No. 7.—A Resolution to extend the Port of
Entry of the Collection District of New
Orleans.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the limits of the port
of New Orleans as a port of entry be enlarged
and extended so as to include all that portion
of the parish of Jefferson, left bank, in the
State ot Louisiana, lying between the Mis-
sissippi river and Lake Pontchartrain, and
between the upper line of the parish of Orleans,
left bank, and a line running parallel thereto,
commencing at the Mississippi river at the
upper line of the city of Carrollton, and extend-
ing to Lake Pontchartrain.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That this
resolution shall take effect from and after the
date of its passage.
Approved, February 2, 1870.
No. 8.—A Resolution authorizing the Passport
Clerk at the Department of State ^admin-
ister Oaths and Affirmations on Applications
for Passports.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amei~ica in
Congress assembled, That the clerk in the De-
partment of State who may from time to time
be assigned to the duty of examining applica-
tions for passports, is hereby authorized and
empowered to receive and attest, but without
charge to the affiant, all oaths, affidavits, or
affirmations which are or may be required by
law, or by the rules of the Department of
State, to be made before granting such pass-
port or passports ; and such oaths, affidavits, or
affirmations shall be deemed to be made under
the pains and penalties of perjury.
Approved, February 3, 1870.
No. 12.—Joint Resolution to authorize the
Secretary of War to provide for taking Me-
teorological Observations at the Military
Stations and other points in the interior
of the Continent, and for giving Notice on
the Northern Lakes and Sea-board of the
approach and force of Storms.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he hereby is, authorized and
required to provide for taking meteorological
observations at the military stations in the
interior of the continent, and at other points
in the States and Territories of the United
States, and for giving notice on the northern
lakes and on the sea-coast, by magnetic tele-
graph and marine signals, of the approach and
force of storms.
Approved, February 9, 1870.
No. 13.—A Resolution donating to the Public
Schools of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, the Frame Building located at the south-
east corner of Twenty-Second Street West
and I Street North, in said City.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be donated to
the city of Washington for the use of the pub-
lic schools of said city, the frame building now
in the possession of the Freedmen's Bureau,
located on the southeast corner of Twenty-
second street west and I street north, and that
the Commissioner of said bureau be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to turn over
said building to the mayor of Washington, for
the purpose stated, the transfer to take effect
from December one, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight.
Approved, February 12, 1870.
No. IS.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of
"Bridges' Battery Association," "at Chi-
cago, Illinois, certain Captured Ordnance.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to place at the disposal of the "Bridges' Bat-
tery Association," at Chicago, Illinois, ten
captured twelve-pounder guns of obsolete pat-
terns, now condemned and in store at the
Rock Island arsenal, to be placed around a
large and beautiful lot in Rosehill Cemetery,
at Chicago, Illinois.
Approved, February 21, 1870.
No. 16.—Joint Resolution to sell'or exchange
the Site of Custom-House in the City of
Nashville, Tennessee, that a more suitable
Location may be obtained.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of AmeHcain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized, in bia discre-
tion, to sell at public auction, to the highest,
and best bidder therefor, the present-site for a
custom-house in the city of Nashville, Tennes-
see, or to exchange the same for a new and
more eligible site, as directed in the following
section.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, Thut out
of the proceeds of the said sale, or by such
exchange, the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized and directed to purchase or procure
a new and more eligible^ site for a custom-
house in the said city of Nashville: Provided,
That the cost of the new site shall in no event
exceed the amount of the proceeds from the
sale or exchange of the present site.
Approved, February 24, 1870.
