1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3641
Mr. KERR. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Missouri that he had better finish
presenting his case before yielding to my col-
league. Thegentleman has stopped in the very
midst of his argument.
Mr. BURDETT. I have endeavored to be
as brief as I possibly could, and I shall try to
occupy as little more time as I can. The com-
mittee claims that in the parishes of Caddo,
De Soto. Bossier, and Sabine there was, on
account of fraud, intimidation, and violence,
no such election held as is entitled to be con-
sidered by this House as a fair expression of
the public will. We claim that the parish of
Winn is also, to a large extent, amenable to
the same charge. There are ten parishes in
the district. The polls in the four which I have
just named are attacked for the cause I have
stated. In the balance of theparishes—Rapides,
Avoyelles, Natchitoches, Pointe Coup6e, and
West Feliciana—comprising three iifths of all
the registered votes and two thirds of all the
votes cast in the district, we claim that there
was such an election as is entitled to the con-
sideration of the House as having been con-
ducted with reasonable fairness. We claim,
therefore, that those parishes which I have just
named, and perhaps the p&rish of Winn, are
entitled to be counted. And upon that show-
ing we claim that Mr. Newsham is elected by
1.308 majority, and that even if you add the
parish of Winn, which gave a majority in favor
of Mr. Ryan, Mr. Newsham, the contestant,
baa still 043 majority of the legal votes cast in
the district. This is, in brief, the claim which
we set up. This is the claim as made by the
committee, and to which we ask the consider-
ation of the Honse.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, it has beep
resolved by this House that contested elections
shall be judicially considered. I rise to-day to
address the House as I would address a court
upon the questions of law and fact embraced
in this record. If I can obtain such a hearing
as would be given in a court of justice I shall
be glad; otherwise I shall expect this case to
take the usual course that such cases have
taken during the last ten years in this body.
In commencing to present this case to the
House I think it would not be unprofitable to
consider who the contestee here is. Judge
Ryan is an old resident of Louisiana. He has
lived in the town of Alexandria for a quarter
of a century. He is as well known as any cit-
izen of that State. He has practiced law during
his entire residence there, and stands at the
head of bis profession. I make these remarks
for the purpose of basing upon them an argu-
ment. Such a man, of mark and of character,
could not well entertain opinions there without
their being well known. Judge Ryan has held
offices in the State of Louisiana. He has been
a member of the legislative body of his adopted
State. He has held judicial positions. He was
a man of large, very large means, when the
war broke out. It is not, therefore, probable
that his views in regard to the terrible ques-
tions presented by the rebellion could have
rested in obscurity.
The first question presented by the commit-
tee for the consideration of the House is whether
Judge Ryan is eligible to a seat in this House.
After hearing the testimony they tell you in
their report that he is not eligible because lie
was unfaithful to the Government during the
war. They tell you that he was not a Union
man; that he sympathized with rebels, and
that therefore he cannot take the oath of office.
That is the finding of the committee. Now,
suppose that I show this finding so wholly un-
sustained by testimony, so utterly without sup-
port, that there is not a man here who, sitting
as a juror, would consider it tenable for a
moment. I think, then, it would go far to
shake all the rest of the conclusions of the
committee. I will proceed to demonstrate the
utter fallacy of this report.
Here is a man of age, of eminence, and of
wealth, living in the city of Alexandria for a
quarter of a century, who had his views in
regard to the rebellion subjected to the find-
ing of this committee. There are two wit-
nesses, one by the name of Calhoun, a white
man, and the other a colored man from Ohio,
by the name of Lott, who swear that Judge
Ryan was not loyal. Calhoun swears that he
heard him make a speech to confederate sol-
diers, standing in a carriage. Lott swears that
he heard him make the same speech from his
door step. Calhoun, who was in the habit of
going to Ryan's house almost constantly, says
that Ryan sent his slaves, or nearly all of them,
to Texas for the purpose of securing them in
case of emancipation; also that he sent his
cotton there. 1 am stating their testimony as
strongly as any member of the committee can
state it, and giving it all its force and weight.
They also swear that Judge Ryan wore a uni-
form, which they think was rebel in its charac-
ter, on one occasion.
Now, having stated all this, allow me to state
the contrary testimony, and no member of the
committee will gainsay what I say. I shall
certainly not misstate it on purpose, and I do
not think I shall do so accidentally. Jaifies
Madison Wells, Governor of the State of Lou-
isiana, a man elected since the war, a Union
man throughout, who was elected as a Repub-
lican, and voted for General Grant when he
was elected President of the United States,
comes forward and swears that he knew Judge
Ryan during the war, and saw him almost every
day ; was at his plantation or the judge was at
his daily. He swears that Judge Ryan was as
good a Union man as he was, and never fal-
tered in his attachment to the Government.
He swears that he himself was a Union man
during the entire rebellion, never sympathized
with it, and voted the Republican ticket as soon
as he got a chance. That, I believe, is a tol-
erably high test on the other side of the House.
Here is the Republican Governor of the State
of Louisiana who swears point-blank that Judge
Ryan was a loyal man during the entire war,
and the committee find that he was not a loyal
man. Tbey find it on the testimony of Cal-
houn, who I will show ^wears falsely, and this
colored man from Ohio who was not indigenous
to the soil. And not only that, but in the argu-
ment of the committee they cite the case of
Dr. Sullivan, and say, with many flourishes of
rhetoric, that he was a Union man par excel-
lence. Well, he was; I knew the doctor. They
say that he was an officer under General Jack-
son ; that is true. And that he is a brother-
in-law of Judge Ryan ; that is all true. They
say that he was arrested and imprisoned by the
rebels under General Richard Taylor, and that
Judge Ryan was not; that is true also. And
I will tell you what is true besides: there are
two Hamiltons in the State of Texas, brothers;
one is Governor Hamilton, whom you all know,
who was compelled to flee as a fugitive from
his State because of his Unionism, and yet his
own brother, now a Senator of the United
States, and so good a Union tnan that he has
taken the oath and his seat, was allowed to
stay at home.
Dr. Sullivan was suspected of being a spy,
very unjustly I know, because the doctor's
character forbids such a supposition. It may
have been that the relation which Judge Ryan
bore to Zachary Taylor, once President of the
United States, may have had some influence
on the mind of his son, General Dick Taylor,
who was in command in that department. All
these things may have had their effect. But to
show how mtich fairness there ia in the finding
of the committee, allow me to ask gentlemen
to turn to the evidence and read Dr. Sullivan's
own testimony in regard to Judge Ryan. He
is the man whom they cite a3 an illustration
against Judge Ryan, the man who they say was
arrested by the rebels, while Judge Ryan was
not; and their argument therefore is that Judge
Ryan was not a loyal man or he would have
been arrested. He comes on the stand and
testifies that first, last, and all the time Judge
Ryan's loyalty was beyond doubt. That is Dr.
Sullivan's testimony. Turn to it yourselves if
you Want to know the truth. I cannot in the
few moments allowed me in this debate read
it. But we are all intelligent men, and I trust
all fair men, and Dr. Sullivan, whom the com-
mittee eulogize, and eulogize justly, as a Union
man concerning whom thereis no doubt, swears
positively and without reservation that there is
just as little doubt of Judge Ryan's loyalty as
of his; that he knew him all the time ; tliat he
was a Douglas presidential elector in 1860;
that he opposed secession, and that he was
outspoken in his attachment to the Government
during all the years of the rebellion.
Now, if the House please—I find I have been
almost betrayed into addressing this House as
a court, knowing how judicially we are sitting
upon this question—again, these very negroes,
a dozen of them, Judge Ryan's own slaves,
who this fellow Calhoun swore were sent to
Texas, (and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] and the rest of the Committee of
Elections will bear me cut in saying that these
negroes, Betsy, Molly, and Harriet, house ser-
vants, and Bob, Jim, and Jack, body servants,
and the coachman of Judge Ryan,) came for-
ward and swore, as this testimony shows, that
Calhoun was often in and about Judge Ryan's
house ; that there was not only no slave sent
to Texas, but that Calhoun knew that none
were sent to Texas or anywhere else. That is
the testimony of the negroes themselves, the
very negroes that Calhoun said were sent to
Texas. They swear that they were not sent
to Texas, and that Calhoun knew it. And fur-
thermore, these negroes swear that their kind
old master was loyal to the Government all the
way through. His coachman, against whom
the Judge once became angry because he al-
lowed his horses to run away, and who, getting
frightened, run off himself to New Orleans—
even he swears to the loyalty of his former
owner and friend.
In regard to another statement of this in-
former. Men are brought forward and state
that a long time before the war broke out in
the State of Louisiana they had there a social
company, a sort of offspring of the Mexican
war. That company had a uniform, and once
during the rebellion Judge Ryan was seen with
a coat on his back belonging to that suit of
clothes. But it had no reference to the con-
federacy, no reference to the rebellion ; it sim-
ply had reference to an old social relation
growing out of the organization of a former
military company that served in a former
national war.
I ask gentlemen in all candor if they sup-
pose that in regard to such a man as Judge
Ryan any of these questions could be kept in
doubt? He belongs to aclass anda nativity that
speak out their sentiments plainly. They are of
a temperament mercurial to a degree. It leads
them to excitement for reasons less powerful
than those which sometimes cause explosions
here. The children of the Emerald Isle are
not proverbial for hiding their sentiments. Do
gentlemen therefore believe that Judge Ryan,
an eminent lawyer, a prominent citizen, a man
of official station, could have held his tongue
during the entire war, or given utterance to
such doubtful sentiments, if he had been really
in favor of the confederacy, as to leave his
slaves and everybody else in ignorance of his
sentiments until this wise and astute commit-
tee examined into the matter? Sir, such a
thing is beyond my comprehension.
Against these fellows, Calhoun and Lott, I
oppose the testimony of other men who can-
not be doubted. The Governor of the State
testifies, and his testimony is in this book, that
Judge Ryan was loyal; and then comes Dr.
Sullivan, whose loyalty is above suspicion, and
he testifies to the same effect. Then come all
those negroes who Calhoun said had been sent
to Texas, and they say they were not sent away;
that he never tried to do so, and did not want
to send them away. They say, also, that Judge
