140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 16,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
No. 18.—A Resolution to pass to the Credit
of the National Asylum for Disabled Vol-
unteer Soldiers the Funds belonging to it for
the Relief of Sick and Wounded Soldiers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the unexpended bal-
ance of the fund created by the seventeenth
section of the act approved February twenty-
fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for
the benefit of the sick and wounded soldiers,
shall be transferred to the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, for the sup-
port of its beneficiaries.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
moneys withheld because of the desertion of
any person from the volunteer forces of the
United States, who ia borne on the rolls as a
deserter, shall not be paid to him except the
record of desertion shall have been canceled
on the sole ground that such record had been
made erroneously and contrary to the facts,
but such moneys shall be and remain the
property of the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers for the support of its bene-
ficiaries.
Approved, March 1,1870.
No. 21.—A Resolution in relation to Settlers
on the late Sioux Indian Reservation in the
State of Minnesota.
liesolved by the Senate and Souse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of Congress
approved March sixth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, entitled "An act for the relief of
settlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation
in tho State of Minnesota,'' be, and the same
is hereby, so amended as to allow the settlers
therein provided for until the first day of
March, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, in which to make proof and pay-
ment for their claims.
Approved, March 14, 1870.
No. 22.—Joint Resolution making Appropria-
tions to supply Deficiencies in the Appro-
priations for Contingent Expenses of the
House of Representatives of the United
■States for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated:
To defray expenses of folding documents,
including materials and labor, thirty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For pay of three mail-carriers, at one thou-
sand and ninety-five dollars each, three thou-
sand two hundred and eighty-five dollars.
For pay of laborers, six thousand one hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars.
Approved, March 1C, 1870.
No. 23.—Joint Resolution relative to Legis-
lative Fund of Washington Territory.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of th& United Statescf Americain
Congress assembled, That the appropriation of
twelve thousand dollars "for the per diem and
mileage of the members of the territorial As-
sembly of the Territory of Washington, at its
second biennial session which meets on the
liist Monday in December, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, and for the incidental expenses
of the same," contained in the act "to supply
deficiencies," approved April tenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, shall be applicable to
the payment of the per diem and mileage of
the members of the territorial Assembly of
said Territory which met during the month
of October, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
and of the incidental expenses of said session.
Approved, March 18, 1870.
No. 20. —Joint Resolution gran tingCondemned
Guns to the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be authorized to turn over to the managers of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers at Dayton, Ohio, such number of con-
demned iron or bronze guns on band, unfit for
Army purposes, as may be desired and suffi-
cient for ornamentation of _the_ cemetery and
soldiers' monument at that institution.
Approved, March 23, 1870.
No. 28.—A Resolution to transfer an Appro-
priation for the Public Printing.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and direcred to trans-
fer from the paper fund, under " appropria-
tions for printing and binding for the year one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine," as
follows: for public printing, ninety thousand
dollars; for public binding, sixty thousand
dollars.
Approved, March 24, 1870.
No. 29.—Joint Resolution in relation to the
construction of the Rock Island Bridge.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in the construction
of the bridge heretofore authorized by Con-
gress, across the Mississippi river, between
Rock Island and the city of Davenport, the
Secretary of War shall have power to construct
the same for a single-track railroad only, and
to place the wagon road below the railroad
track, as recommended by the chief of engin-
eers : Provided, That in no case shall the
expenditure on the part of the United States
exceed one million dollars.
Approved, March 25, 1870.
No. 30.—Joint Resolution expressing the Sym-
pathy of Congress at the Death of Major
General George II. Thomas.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Senate andHouse
of Representatives have heard with deep re-
gret of the sudden decease of Major General
George H. Thomas, endeared to the country
by a series of unbroken, patriotic services dur-
ing a period of thirty years.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That his
distinguished career in the defense of his
country against foreign and domestic enemies,
his never-faltering faith and zeal in the main-
tenance of the Union and the integrity of the
Government, and his stern execution of every
trust confided to him, constitute a record in
life made memorable m death.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the
President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House are hereby authorized to make such
arrangements in connection with his obsequies
as will attest the sympathy of Congress at this
national bereavement.
Approved, April 6, 1870.
No. 31.—A Resolution directing the Librarian
of Congress to return to the Executor of
Thomas J efferson certain Private Papers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Librarian of Con-
gress be authorized to return to the executor
of Thomas Jefferson such of the papers of
said Jefferson now in possession of the Gov-
ernment as upon examination shall be deemed
of a private character, reserving such as may be
regarded public in their character, and report
the same to the Committee on the Library.
Approved, April 6, 1870.
No. 32.—A Resolution relating to Officers of
the Soldiers' Home.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the law passed Jan-
uary twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty, prohibiting the assignment of retired
Army officers to duty, shall not apply to offi-
cers selected'by the board of commissioners
of the Soldiers' Home, District of Columbia,
for duty at that institution, such selection
being approved by the Secretary of War: Pro-
vided, That they receive from the Government
only the pay and emoluments allowed by law
to retired officers.
Approved, April 6, 1870.
No. 33.—Joint Resolution directing an Inquiry
into the Loss of the United States Steamer
" Oneida."
Whereas on the twenty-fourth day of Janu-
ary last, the United States steamer "Oneida,"
when leaving the port of Yokohama, Japan,
came in collision with the British Peninsular
and Oriental mail steamer " Bombay," and
sunk almost instantly, with the loss of nearly
all her officers and the greater part of her
men ; and whereas the Navy Department has
been unable, in answer to a request of the
House of Representatives, to communicate any
detailed or satisfactory information touching
the circumstances of the loss, beyond its extent
and the number of casualties ; and whereas it
appears that no full and impartial and satis-
factory investigation has been made into the
causes of the disaster, or into the conduct of
the parties implicated in it: Therefore,
Be it resolvedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy shall, with the least practicable delay,
order an inquiry to bo made into the particu-
lars of the loss of said United States steamer
"Oneida," and of her officers and men, in-
cluding the subsequent conduct of the captain
of the steamer ''Bombay," with a view to
ascertain the responsibility for the collision by
which she was destroyed, and for the destruc-
tion of life which attended the catastrophe,
and make report of the same to Congress.
Approved, April 7, 1870.
No. 86.—A Resolution in relation to the print-
ing, for the use of the Department of State,
of Additional Copies of Documents emanat-
ing from that Department.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That hereafter, in addi-
tion to the,, nutnber of copies of documents
emanating from the Department of State which
may be ordered to be printed by either House
of Congress, it shall be the duty of the Con-
gressional Printer to cause to be printed for
the use of that Department five hundred copies
of every such document, when requested to
do so by the Secretary of State: Provided,
That the expense of the same shall in no single
case exceed the sum of five hundred dollars.
Approved, April 10, 1870.
No. 37.—Joint Resolution donating Captured
Cannon for the purpose of constructing a
Monument at West Point, New York.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
