1754
THBf CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to my
friend from Rhode Islknd that possibly the
printing office has been out of money for some
time, for it seems impossible to get anything
printed there within any kind of season. Re-
ports are made here from committees and bills
introdnced, and it takes days before they can
ever be seen again. I trust the Committee on
Printing in considering the propriety of mak-
ing this transfer will endeavor to find out what
the reason is thai the daily current printing
we require cannot be done in season at that
office.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will oflly say that if
my friend from Vermont knew as much about
it as I do (and it would take me a great while
to explain it) he would be satisfied that his
strictures are not altogether just. The printing
goes on as rapidly as possible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not as it used to.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, because the men
work eight hours, and they used to work ten.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lntion will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently said: In
order that the joint resolution making a trans-
fer of appropriations which I have just offered
may not be lost, I move its reference to the
Committee on Appropriations; and I trust the
chairman of that committee will find leisure to
attend to it to-morrow. 1
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 151) excluding from the
operation of the joint resolution of March 2, '
1867, claims for land scrip for services in the
revolutionary war ; which was read twice by i
its title.
Mr. McCREERY. If there be no objection
I ask for the present consideration of the joint
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read i
for information.
The Secretary read as follows:
Retained, <tc.. That the joint resolution of Con-
gress approved March 2,1867, shall not be held to
apply,to claims for land scrip in satisfaction of out-
standing Virginia military land warrants for ser-
vices rendered in the revolutionary war under the
act of August 31,1852.
Mr. CONKLING. That ought to lie over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It should go to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. McCREERY. Very well. I move that
it be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it should go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont has moved the reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands and the Senator from
Kentucky suggested the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdrawmy motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to refer the joint resolution to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 644) to incorporate the United States Free-
hold Land and Emigration Company and to
confirm certain legislation in Colorado Terri-
tory j which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on.Territories,, and ordered
to be printed.
House contingent expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask unani-
mous consent to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, as I was not in when
reports were called for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be received.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. N6. 182) making ap-
propriations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives of the United States for the
fiscalyearending June 30,1870, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
to ask for its present consideration.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw the
request to have it considered to-day, and give
notice that I shall call it up during the morning
hour to-morrow.
SURPLUS GOLD IN TREASURY.
Mr. FOWLER. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That as it is apparent the currency and
finances of the United States are rapidly approx-
imating a specie basis, the Finance Committee be
instructed to report instructing the Secretary of the
Treasury to dispose of thersurplus gold in the Treas-
ury without delay, so as to seoure to the Government
the premium now thereon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over until
to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
NEW ORLEANS BRANCH MINT.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate the condition of the
title of the building heretofore used as a branch mint
at New Orleans, and the lot of ground upon which
the same is situated; also whether the said title is
in the United States, and from whence the same
was derived, and upon whatoondition, if any; and
whether there is any claim in reversion to said prop-
erty, and if so, the nature thereof.
DELAWARE AND SOUTH RIVERS.
Mr. STOCKTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to detail an engineer to examine into tho expe-
diency and probable expense of dredging the Dela-
ware river below Trenton, and at certain points
between Trenton and Bordeatown; and South river
between Old Bridge and the Karit&n river, in the
State of New Jersev.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that that reso-
lution had better go to the Committee on Com-
merce, as it may involve considerable expense
to make these surveys.
Mr. STOCKTON. There is no expense in
it. It is simply a request to the Secretary of
War to detail an officer to inquire into the pro-
priety and expense of the suggested improve-
ments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the propriety and
expense can only be ascertained on a survey.
I think the matter had better be inquired into
by a committee. As a rale, I think we do not
pass resolutions of that kind unless they are'
reported by a committee. I move the refer-
ence of the resolution to the Committee on
Commerce. They can report in a day or two.
Mr. STOCKTON. I hope the Senator will ;
not object to the resolution. A mere cursory .
examination is all that is needed to ascertain '
whether the improvements proposed are proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The engineer department 1
can send an officer there without any resolu-
tion at all if they think it wise and proper to
do so. This compels the Secretary or War and
chief of engineers in fact to make a survey of
the Delaware river at the point suggested in
order to obtain the information the Senator
from New Jersey wants. Now, it appears to
me we ought not to go to that expense until
the Committee on Commerce, which is charged
with all such inquiries, shall consider whether
it is wise to do it or not; and certainly that
reference can only involve a delay of a day or
two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolntion
is before the Senate, and the question is on the
motion of the Senator from Vermont, to refer
it to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am perfectly willing
to amend the resolution so as to leave it at the
discretion of the Secretary of War. I thought
the word " requested" did that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My objection is this: the
law now invests the Secretary of War and the
chief of engineers with power to make neces-
sary inquiries in respect to public works that
are in progress. New public works they prob-
ably have no right to make surveys for without
the authority of law. We cannot authorize
the War Department to incur any expense by
a resolution of the Senate even without au-
thority of law. Therefore, the proper course
to take, if my friend from New Jersey wishes
this investigation made, as the resolution im-
plies, is to have thfe Committee on Com-
merce consider it and report upon it in a form
that will authorize the expenditure of money,
which may be perfectly proper when we know
about it, to achieve the object the Senator
from New Jersey has in view. I hope, there-
fore, he will not object to the committee inquir-
ing into this matter and making a report
upon it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I shall not object fur-
ther.
•The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE PETITIONS.
The following petitions for the abolition of
the franking privilege were filed with the Sec-
retary, and ordered to lie on the table:
i By Mr. HOWELL: A petition from citizens
of Iowa.
By Mr. BORE MAN: Two petitions from
citizens of West Virginia.
joint indian committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration the concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives proposing to
raise a joint Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution, adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives on the 15th of March, 1869 :
Resolved by the Haute of Representative*, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That a joint special Committee on
Indian Affairs, consisting of nine members, three
from the Senate and six from the House, be ap-
pointed. to whom shall be referred all matters relat-
ing to treaties with Indian tribes, payment of annu-
ities, and examination of claims referred to Congress
from the Interior Department relating to Indians,
with power to consider all questions arising under
said treaties, and whether the same may be abrogated,
annulled, or modified; and whether any further
treaties shall be made with Indian tribes, and if any,
under what restriction; and whether any and what
revision of the several acts providing for the organ-
ization of the department of Indian affairs may be
expedient or necessary; and also whether any and
what further provision may be necessary for auditing
accounts, examining vouchers presented in relation
to feeding and caring for the Indians, and in what
manner and to what extent they shall be subsisted,
and what lands shall be reserved and set apart for
them, and how the same may be secured by law to
the use of the Indian tribes; and finally to consider
the expediency of determining by law what shall be
the legal status of persons of Indian descent under
the laws of th« United States, and what course shall
be taken toward them which shall best tend to their
civilization. Christianiiation, and ultimate citizen-
ship; aftd to report thereon by bill or otherwise.
Said committee shall have power to employ a clerk
and examine witnesses, if necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out "nine" and inserting
"ten," and also by striking out "three" and
"six" and inserting "five" in each of those
places, so as to make the joint committee con-
sist of five from each House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I also move to strike out
the word "shall" and insert the word " may"
where it provides that to the committee "shall
be referred all subjects relating to," Ac., and
also to strike out the word "all" and insert the
word "any;" so as to make it read, "to whom
may be referred any subject relating to," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not much like to seem
to object to the passage of this resolution ; but
yet I wish to call the attention of Senators who
have been much longer acquainted with tho
value of joint committees of the two Houses
than I have been to the resolution. If it is the
judgment of those Senators, who have bad
