2698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
they are entitled to it as much as any manufac-
turers in New England or in any other part of
the country, and I hope when they ask it they
will get it.
Mr. LOGAN. We do not want it.
Mr. KELLOGG. Some of you say you want
it. I want to say a word as to the reason one
gentleman has given why we have none but
cheap goods imported. It has been stated that
almost all these goods imported have been
goods worth under 10 cents per yard; that
the importation of this class of goods amounted
during the last year to $730,000, while upon
goods worth more than 10 cents a yard the
import duties amounted to only $052. Why,
sir, this is only one illustration out of a hun-
dred that might be given how, under the opera-
tion of the tariff', an excessive quantity of goods
is imported at a low ad valorem rate, instead
of a higher rate, by means of frauds practiced
upon the Government. The fact that a large
amount of duty is not paid on higher-priced
goods is no evidence that a large quantity of
higher-priced goods has not been imported.
Under the ad valorem system there must and
will be fraud* Wo must devise some system
of specific duties, or some system by which to
insure that goods subject to an ad valorem duty
shall be imported at their true value.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ I aui
sorry to trouble the House again on this mat-
ter, but I think it of a good deal of import-
ance, and I will explain in a moment in what
viewlconsider it important. In the first place
it is a question of revenue. It is argued on
the other side that only $720,000 was derived
from this article during the last year. I con-
cede it; but it results from the fact that the
tariff is almost prohibitory. Now, let me
make one further suggestion. There is no
such thing as a gunny bag made in this coun-
try, there never was, and I do not think there
ever will be. Gunny cloth is made in this
country, and so are bags made out of gunny
cloth; but we make no gunny bags. Now, it
takes, as I reckon, six yards of four-quarter
cloth to bale 400 pounds of cotton.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I wish to inform the gen-
tleman that the planters are now in the habit
of covering the bale entirely, not leaving the
sides open, as was done formerly; so that it
takes about 7 J yards to cover a bale of cotton.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then if
the bale is all covered up it will not catch fire
so easily. As I was saying, it takes about 6
yards ordinarily for a bale of cotton. Now,
according to the calculation which I have made
the duty on the amount of cloth necessary for
baling 2,500,000 bales of cotton, which may be
assumed as an average crop, will be about
$3,000,000, to be paid by the South on this
one article. Thus it will be seen it is a matter
of considerable importance.
Now, let me say that this tariff as it stands
to-day, which our friends do not want to bring
down, although they want to bring jute butts
up, has decreased our importation of gunny
cloth from 75,000 bales, in 18G0, to 10,000 in
1869, and our importation of gunny bags from
13,000 bales to 1,750 during the same period.
In this view the loss of revenue becomes a
matter of importance. The loss of tonnage by
this diminution of importation is equivalent to
40,000 tons; and those 40;000 tons are spread
over the whole East India trade; for these
gunny bags and gunny cloths furnish what is
called measurement freight for the vessels,
which generally cannot take more than three
fourths or two thirds solid freight. These are
the grounds upon which I put it.
Now, one word further in answer to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
He insists wo of New England want all the
duty we can get on the manufactured article,
and want the raw material as cheap as we can
get it. That, sir, is exactly what we do want,
and what we try to get; and in that respect we
arc very much like the Ohio people, ihey
want all the duty they can get on any article
manufactured by them and to get the raw mate-
rial as cheap as they can. A good many of
the people of New England have gone to Ohio,
and I have no doubt they have indoctrinated
the people there with New England ideas. We
shall not quarrel about that, however. _ We are
a selfish people all round. I do not think that
this or any other tariff is made on any philan-
thropic basis. I have no doubt we all want all
we can get. The tariff is made because it
adjusts conflicting interests of a great and
growing country.
Now, I want to say that I never wish to live
to see the time, I never expect to live to see
the lime when manufactures shall flourish in
the West; for, sir, where manufactures largely
flourish, there agriculture goes down. You
cannot manufacture in the West with any great
success when within one hundred miles of your
mills rich land can be purchased for $1 25 an
acre. All our laboring people in New Eng-
land ask, after six or seven years' hard toil in
the mills, is to get money enough to buy a little
farm to which they may retire. But, sir, I do
not mean to be misunderstood by the expres-
sion I have just made that agriculture will go
down.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. BUKCHAliD. I move to amend by
striking out "3" and inserting "4." Mr.
Chairman, the other evening I heard the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Buckley] who
moved this amendment make a very able ar-
gument in favor of an infant industry in the
South. He desired to have the duties remitted
from machinery he wished to have imported
into the South for the purpose of manufactur-
ing cotton yarn, and he made a most eloquent
and able argument in favor of his position. If
this House shall remit those duties, and gen-
tlemen should there start that industry and
invest their money in it, and immediately there-
after the duty should be repealed, protecting, as
he claims, cotton yarn, I ask him whether lie
would consider that was exactly fair treatment ?
Now, under the duty on this article of gunny
cloth, infant industries have sprung up in the
Northwest, and, when not yet out of their
swaddling clothes, you propose immediately to
strangle them.
Gentlemen say there is less importation of
gunny cloth. There is an increased production
of cotton. It is admitted that cotton is covered.
The inference is irresistible that it is covered,
as we know to be the fact in the West—with
the domestic production which has been manu-
factured in the Northwest, in the agricultural
States, out of waste llax into tow bagging, and
is supplying the wants and deficiency which
result from decreased importations of gunny
cloth. They say to us the revenue will be
increased. How will the revenue be increased
if you strike the duty down from 3 to 2_ cents
unless you strike down also these infant indus-
tries you talk so much about ? Gentlemen who
have addressed the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the subject of infant
industries and desire to have encourged those
who have engaged in the manufacture of tow
bagging must see that the reduction of duty
will destroy the industry. If never started at
all there might be some question if you thought
protection was not demanded in building up
an industry that will not pay; but now that
it has been started, it seems to me unfair to
withdraw all protection after you have asked
us to diversify our industry, and^ when you
have said that by diversifying our industry wo
would find home markets for all our agricultu-
ral productions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move to strike out "4"
and insert "5." Mr. Chairman, I am pre-
pared now for almost anything in political
Economy, when the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butlek] seriously tells the House
that where manufactures flourish there agricul-
ture goes down. I cannot help being amazed
when I reflect that in no place m the world, as
in England and Scotland and France, and par-
ticularly Scotland, have all the improvements
in agriculture, and all the stimulants of produc-
tion from the soil been brought to such perfec-
tion as they are in the very midst of the manu-
facturing regions. I had supposed that around
mills, and around manufacturing establish-
ments, wherever they might be established, and
wherever they grew up in the country, just
in proportion agriculture also increased, and
high prices were obtained for the productions
of the soil. Gentlemen who are endeavoring
to reduce the duty on this article seem some-
how or other to differ widely from each other.
One gentleman informs us that by the record
it appears that $9,000,000 worth have been
imported from abroad, while only $6,000,000
have been produced at home. Another gen-
tleman, speaking on the same side of the ques-
tion, avows that the effect of the tariff as it
now exists has been to prohibit even the entry
of the article. One insists that the foreign
importation exceeds the domestic production.
The other insists that we have destroyed the
importation from foreign countries. I leave
the gentlemen to reconcile their propositions
among themselves.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. It was 6,000,000 yards that
was spoken of, and not $6,000,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not care whether it
is put in yards or dollars ; 9,000,000 yards as
opposed to 0,000,000 yards bears to the latter
quantity about the same proportion as $9,000,-
000 to $6,000,000. 1 take it that the gentle-
man from Illinois who has just closed his
remarks [Mr. Buhcuabd] has made a very
valuable suggestion. In suggesting what he
did he but anticipated what 1 was about to
have said. All this cotton has been baled. I
do not understand that any of it has been car-
ried naked to market. And if less has been
brought from abroad from year to year, what
does it mean? Why,'that more is made at
home ; that a larger proportion, an increased
production from year to year is obtained from
these growing manufactures in our own coun-
try. If they can be protected, as New England
generally has been protected, I undertake to
say that we should produce all that is wanted
in the country, and that it will not be many
years before that is done. And more than that,
1 undertake to say that it will be produced^ in
the best possible places by the cotton-bagging
establishments being built up in the neighbor-
hood of the cotton fields themselves.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The man-
ufacture of bagging from jute butts has more
than quadrupled in the same time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; that simply
proves that the domestic manufacture is taking
the place of the foreign ; and, as gentlemen
have succeeded itt getting the duty on jute
butts down, they have nothing to complain of
in regard to competition. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] says that Ohio
has been settled in good part by people from
New England, and that we are just as selfish
there as they are in New England. Well, sir,
we have human nature as they have it in New
England, and may be selfish also; but, if we
are selfish, we are more moderate in our self-
ishness. They cannot be satisfied with less
than from 70 to 80 per cent, protection on
everything they manufacture. But when we
come in with a request for 30 or 35 per cent,
they say that is too much. We may both be
sellish; but if there is a difference between
us, one is modest as well as selfish.
Mr. DAWES. I have been trying for the
last few days to discover to what principle my
colleague [Mr. Butleu] adheres in dealing
with this tariff. A day or two ago he proposed
to discriminate {.gainst a manufactured arti-
