1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HI
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
is hereby authorized and directed to deliver to
Professor A. E. Church, treasurer of the Bat-
tle Monumentcommittee, fifty bronze guns cap-
tured from the rebels, to be used in the con-
struction of a monument at West Point, New
York, in memory of the officers and soldiers
of the regular Army who fell in the late war,
and in the ornamentation of the grounds around
said monument.
Approved, April 28, 1870.
No. 88.—Joint Resolution to construe an Act
entitled "An Act to amend an Act entitled
'An Act to confirm certain Private Land
Claims in the Territory of New Mexico.' "
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of an act
approved February twenty-fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, and entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to confirm cer-
tain private land claims in the Territory of
New Mexico,' " as requires that derivative
claimants under Vigil and St. Vrain shall estab-
lish their claims to the satisfaction of the re-
gister and receiver of the proper land district
within one year from the passage of said act,
shall be so construed as to authorize the pre-
sentation of such derivative claims within one
year from the completion and approval of the
subdivisional surveys contemplated by said act
of twenty-fifth February, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That all
settlers entitled by said act to the rights of
preemption or homestead shall have the fur-
ther time of thirty days, after notice in their
favor of their respective claims, to file their
declaratory statements as preemptors or to
make entry under the homestead laws, as they
may select.
Approved, April 28,1870.
No. 39.—Joint Resolution making an Appro-
priation for the purpose of making Experi-
ments in the Ventilation of the Halls of the
Capitol.
Beit resolved by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of three
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated 'out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for the pur-
pose of making experiments in the ventilation
of the Halls of the Capitol, to be drawn by the
Clerk of the House, and expended under the
direction of the joint committee of the two
Houses on that subject.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
No. 40.—Joint Resolution authorizing the sup-
ply of Arms, for Instruction and Practice,
to certain Colleges and Universities.
Beit resolved by the Senateand Mouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be authorized to issue, at his discretion and
under proper regulations to be prescribed by
liim, out of any small-arms or pieces of field
artillery belonging to the Government and
which can be spared for that purpose, such
number of the same as may appear to be re-
quired for military instruction and practice by
the students of any college or university, under
the provisions of section twenty-six of the "act
to increase and fix the military peaec establish-
ment of the United Statesthe Secretary to
require a bond in each case, in double the value
of the property, for tho care and safe-keeping
thereof, and for the return of the same when
required.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
No. 41.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sale
of certain Lands at Springfield, Massachu-
setts, and for other purposes.
. Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to sell to
Horace Kibbe, of Springfield, Massachusetts,
at its full value, to be determined by the super-
intendent and paymaster, jointly, with, the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War, of the national
armory in said Springfield, a small detached
piece of land belonging to, but of no use or
value to the public, lying at the junction of
Federal and Armory streets in said Springfield,
and containing about forty-three square rods,
on the condition that the said Kibbe shall grant
all that portion of said lot lying to the south of
the north line of Grant street, to the city of
Springfield, for use as a public park forever.
And on full payment of the appraised value
thereof, and compliance with the condition
before stated, the Secretary of War shall exe-
cute all necessary deeds for the conveyance of
the lot to the purchaser thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That
Ryers [Byers] street, heretofore opened on the
public land at Springfield, Massachusetts, shall
be, and is hereby declared to be, a public high-
way or thoroughfare for general use.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
No. 42.—Joint Resolution for the return of
Evidence of Honorable Discharge to Officers
and Enlisted Men.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in all cases where it
has become necessary for any officer or enlisted
man of the Arnry to file his evidence of hon-
orable dischatge from the military service of
the United States, to secure the settlement of
his accounts, the accounting officer with whom
it has been filed shall, upon application by said
officer or enlisted man, deliver to him such
evidence of honorable dischar-ge, providing,
[provided] his accounts shall have been duly
settled ; and provided that the fact, date, and
amount of such settlement shall first be clearly
written across the face of such evidence of
honorable discharge, and attested by the sig-
nature of the accounting officer.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
No. 43.—Joint Resolution making an Appro-
priation to defray the Expenses of the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, incurred in
pursuance of Investigations ordered by tho
House of Representatives.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Ho use of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of three
thousand dollars, or as much thereof as may
be necessary, is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to defray the expenses to be in-
curred by the Committee on Education and
Labor, in conducting the investigation ordered
by the House of Representatives by resolution
of April sixth, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
No. 47.—A Resolution authorizing the Post-
master General to prescribe an earlier Time
for the Execution of Contracts by accepted
Bidders, and for other purposes.
Whereas in the instructions appended to an
advertisement issued by the Postmaster Gen-
eral on the thirtieth day of September, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, inviting proposals for
carrying the mails of the United States for four
years from the first J uly, eighteen hundred and
seventy, in the States of California, Oregon,
and Nevada, and in the Territories of Wash-
ington, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Utah, and
Arizona, it is stipulated that the contracts
are to be executed by or before the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and seventy; and
whereas, in view of the importance of the ser-
vice to be performed and the damage to the
public interests which would result from failure
to put said service in operation at the proper
time, it is desirable to fix an earlier period than
the first of July for the execution of the con-
tracts, and to adopt such other precautions as
may seem necessary to guard against the failure
of bidders or contractors to fulfill their obliga-
tions : Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
era! be, and he is hereby, authorized, in any
casein which be may deem it necessary, to
require accepted bidders under the advertise-
ment pf September thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, inviting proposals for carrying
the mails of the United States in the States
and Territories above mentioned, to execute
contracts and return them to the Department
at an earlier period than the first day of July,
and, at the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, as early as the first day of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That in
any case arising under the aforementioned ad-
vertisement in which the Postmaster General
shall have good reason to believe that any bid
for carrying the mail on any route has not been
made in good faith, he shall be authorized to
summon the bidder or bidders to appear before
him and show cause why such bid should not
be set aside, or immediately executed by enter-
ing into contract with sufficient sureties; and
the failure of the bidder or bidders to appear
in response to such a summons and satisfy tho
Postmaster General that said bid has been
made in good faith, and that the guarantors
thereof are duly responsible, or to enter into
such contract, shall be deemed to be sufficient
eause for setting such bid aside and entering
into contract with the lowest of the bidders
who will do so for the performance of the ser-
vice.^ And all the bidders shall be seasonably
notified that such summons has been issued
and that they may be required to enter into
such contract.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
No. 48.—A Resolution to provide for Survey
and Estimates of Cost of removing Obstruc-
tions from the Bayou Teche, in the State of
Louisiana.
Resolved by the Senateand House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, instructed to cause a sur-
vey and estimates of cost of removing obstruc-
tions from and improving the navigation of the
Bayou Teche, in the State of Louisiana : Pro-
vided, That the expense of said survey and
estimate shall not exceed tho sum of five hun-
dred dollars. And the same is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
No. 40.—A Resolution for the Transfer of an
Unexpended Balance of Appropriation to the
Book Fund of the Library of Congress.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of two thou-
sand five hundred dollars, appropriated by acts
approved July thirty, eighteen hundred and
S!.\ty-ei[;ht, and March three, eighteenliuudiyd
