1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
to perjury if lie should take it, he had the as-
surance to present himself in Washington with
his credentials, which were presented in the
Senate of the United States and there laid
upon the table. I know from what I have
read in the papers within the last few days that
in the Legislature of Georgia, just reconvened
under the recent act of Congress, two men who
could not take the oath without perjury pre-
sented themselves and took the oath. Oaths
merely are 110 barriers between loyalty and
disloyalty. The spirit of fidelity to legal oaths
and the power and the disposition to enforce
such fidelity are the guarantees for which alone
we should look.
Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Palmer] allow me to ask him a
question?
Mr. PALMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYHAM. Do I understand from the
argument of the gentleman that he is opposed
to the admission of Virginia to representation
in Congress under any circumstances ?
Mr. PALMER. For the present, I am ; and
I will give my reasons before I get through.
Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman, in giv-
ing those reasons, explain the second section
of the first article of the Constitution of the
United States, which directly and positively
provides that Virginia shall be represented in
Congress?
Mr. PALMER. Oh! yes; we heard all
about that this afternoon in the speech of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.] I
will give the reasons which ought to convince
the gentleman himself that Virginia ought not
now to be readmitted to. representation in
Congress.
Tennessee came into the Union in 1866. She
was the best of all the rebel States. She came
in a spirit of loyalty that has not been shown
so freely and voluntarily by any other State.
In what condition is Tennessee to-day ? Last
August there was a State election for the choice
of State officers and members of the Legislature.
Lieutenant Governor Senter (then acting Gov-
ernor, having succeeded W. G. Beownlow,)
was the candidate of the so-called Conservatives
for Governor, and General Stokes, a member
of this House, the candidate of the loyalists.
There is a provision of the constitution of Ten-
nessee—the same constitution which was ap-
proved by Congress in 1866—that no man who
bore arms against the Government of the Uni-
ted States in the late rebellion shall be deemed,
until the expiration of a certain number of
years, an elector in that State. A law for the
enrollment of legal voters preceding each elec-
tion was passed by the first Legislature con-
vened under that constitution, and the Gov-
ernor was authorized to appoint and Governor
Beowulow did appoint county commissioners
of registration to enroll such voters. Acting
Governor Senter, as the price for Conservative
support, turned out nearly all the commission-
ers of registration appointed by his predeces-
sor and appointed known, avowed rebels in-
stead. How faithfully these newly-appointed
registrars discharged the unlawful trusts com-
mitted to them may be inferred from the official
figures of the elections of 1868 and 1869.
In 1868 General Grant received, in round
numbers, fifty-six thousand votes, and Horatio
Seymour twenty-six thousand, Grant's major-
ity over Seymour being thirty thousand. Gen-
eralSTOKES, as the candidate ofthe party which
supported General Grant, received only about
fifteen hundred votes less than the presidential
candidate of his party. The candidate of the
so-called Conservatives, but really rebels, re-
ceived not merely the vote which Seymour
received the year before, but in ail one hun-
dred and nineteen thousand 1 Whence came
these additional ninety-three thousand votes ?
Prom the men who were in the rebel armies
during the war and who were disfranchised
by the constitution of Tennessee. By this
avalanche of fraud of course the rebel State
ticket and an overwhelming -majority of the
rebel candidates for the Legislature were
elected. Of course, about the first act of the
Legislature after its assemblage was the rejec-
tion of the fifteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States. Then followed
acts repealing laws for the punishment of Ku-
klux Klans and other bands of rebel murder-
ers, for the support of schools for the blacks,
and an act authorizing the election of dele-
gates to a convention for a revision of the con-
stitution. In the election of delegates all
pretense of observance of statute or funda-
mental law touching the qualification of voters
was abandoned ; loyal men made no attempt to
struggle against the overwhelming number of
rebels admitted to the ballot-box, and of the
delegates declared elected three fourths were
men disfranchised under the constitution of
Tennessee, and disqualified from holding office
under the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States. The conven-
tion met on Monday last, and to preserve the
consistency of the series of outrages com-
menced upon legality and loyalty in August
last, elected an unpardoned rebel general as
president of that body; and a resolution pro-
viding for an administration of an oath of
fidelity to the Constitution of the United States
was laid on the table.
What do you call all this ? I call it usurpa-
tion, revolution, effected, indeed, without the
formal organization of armies, but revolution
just as effectual in its obliteration of the rights
and privileges of the loyal men of Tennessee,
white as well as black, as if it had been accom-
plished by bullets and bayonets.
Mr. STILES. Is the gentleman in favor of
putting Tennessee out of the Union too?
Mr. PALMER. The gentleman will gather
from my remarks before I get through what I
propose to do with Tennessee. It is a good
time to have this whole question of reconstruc-
tion aired.
You have, then, as the result of the election
in that State just what you had when that State
was taken out of the Union by secession. The
difference is, that in this c<iso it was taken out
by treachery first and by usurpation afterward.
If this condition of lawlessness and rebel con-
quest is to exist in that State; if it is to be
recognised as local law and local government,
tell me how many loyal men will come here as
Representatives from Tennessee to the Forty-
Second Congress? I tell gentlemen that not a
man will come here from that State as a Repre-
sentative who dare call himself a loyal man if
that election held in August last shall be recog-
nized as a valid election ; and if disloyalty may
be voted up and loyalty voted down by a de-
fiance of all forms of constitutional law in that
State, it may be done in any other ofyour States.
Why, sir, if this Congress could pass, as it
did, a law denying Georgia representation upon
this floor because her Legislature expelled
twenty-six or twenty-seven men on the score
of color from their seats in that body ; if for
the action of the Legislature of Georgia in
that respect you could exclude from this floor
tho delegation from that State, I think you
can take cognizance of the petitions which
come here for the reestablishment of lawful
authority in Tennessee. I think you will have
to do it before the closo of this session of Con-
gress, because the whole principle of repub-
lican government is involved in this question.
Until it shall be determined by congressional
action whether the confederate or the Federal
flag shall float in Tennessee I, for one, as a
Representative upon this floor, will not vote for
the admission of Virginia oil any terms.
There is another consideration connected
with this subject. You are not yet done with
the State of Georgia. Look at the spirit of
mob-law evinced in the popular branch of that
Legislature. Is that the spirit which you ex-
pect from the people down there ? I recollect
that one of the Representatives from South
Carolina, [Mr. Hoge,] in the remarks which he
made upon .the billior-ihe -reconstruction of
Georgia, made the statement that duringthe few
weeks embraced in the last presidential cam-
paign in the counties bordering upon the Sa-
vannah river in the district which he represents
there were three hundred loyal meD, white and
black, murdered by rebel assassins who came
over from the State of Georgia. These citizens
were murdered for no other reason than be-
cause of their political belief, because they were
loyal men, because they had expressed a de-
termination to vote for loyal candidates for
office. And the murderers of those Union
men go unpunished to-day.
In the report made by the military com-
mandant down there no longer ago than last
summer, he tells you that in many counties
in that State there is no civil government. In
that report, made by a military officer in no
sense a partisan, for these military men are not
as a rule partisans except as they come in
contact with the enemies of their country and
their country's flag, the opinion is expressed
that the State of Georgia may have to come
again soon under military rale. It is a ques-
tion, sir, which will come home to members
upon this floor, whether other States nominally
reconstructed may not yet have to come under
military rule if Union men down there are
to have any protection for property, liberty,
and life.
I am well aware that many of the political
friends with whom I act say if we vote to keep
Virginia out of the Union we shall lose the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment of the
Constitution, and if we lose that amendment
now we do not know what dangers the future
may have in store for it. I appreciate the
force of that suggestion. I come from a State
which when there was doubt, when there was
hesitancy on the part of the Republican party
on the subject of negro suffrage, exhibited no
indecision nor equivocation as to what was its
duty in that regard. I come from a State where
Republicans early proclaimed not only the right
but the righteousness of suffrage to the blacks;
where the people voluntarily amended their
constitution by striking out the word " white"
by a majority of more than twenty-four thou-
sand votes.
I appreciate the anxiety of men here on this
floor from States where there cannot be as
favorable action on this subject as there was in
Iowa. I appreciate their anxiety to have this
question settled by an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, so that hereafter
there shall be no further power for unjust dis-
crimination in the exercise of political rights
on account of color, and that this great boon
to a wronged race shall be no longer denied.
But, sir, I also appreciate the fact that there
is a consideration above even all this; and the
able gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,]
the brave soldier and the eloquent advocate of
Unionism, to-day on this floor struck the key-
note of this subject. He told you that you
might put in your oaths and your conditions
in this Virginia bill, but that they would be
like so many cobwebs unless they were im-
peratively enforced. He asked the pertinent
question: after you have made these constitu-
tional guarantees will you have the power to
enforce them? The day may come, as he well
said, when there may not be a Republican
majority on this floor or in the other branch
of Congress to enforce your precautionary con-
ditions. If you admit Virginia and Missis-
sippi and Texas, as many of my Republican
friends seem anxious to do, I ask them what
guarantee they will have for the presence of a
majority in this House, in the Forty-Second
Congress, for an enforcement of the conditions
of admission? I do not forget, and none who
were here ever ought to forget, thescene ex-
hibited in this Chamber on the organization oi
this House in March last.
When the Clerk, in the discharge of his sworu
duty, omitted the States of Louisiana and Geor-
gia from his roll-call there was a manifestation
of defiance-of all parliamentary authority by
