1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3643
portion thereof, or use the same, except in
payment of the expenses of the Corporation ;
and if any officer, director, agent, or other per-
son connected with said bank, and interested
with the funds or deposits thereof, shall em-
bezzle or fraudulently convert the same to his
own use, he shall be deemed guilty of larceny,
and shall, on conviction thereof by any court
competent to try the offense, be imprisoned in
the penitentiary not less than one nor more
than ten years.
The sixth section provides that-the subordi-
nate officers and agents of said corporation
shall respectively give such security for their
fidelity and good conduct as the board of man-
agers may from time to time require, and said
board shall fix the salaries of such officers and
agents.
The seventh section provides that the per-
sons named as corporators in the first section
of this act shall be authorized to meet and or-
ganize said bank by the election of one of their
number as president and one as vice president,
and thereupon shall proceed to elect such per-
sons as they shall select, to be added to their
board of managers, so that the whole number
of trustees or managers, including the presi-
dent and vice president, shall not exceed nine
persons.
The eighth section provides that this cor-
poration shall make an annual report to Con-
gress of their funds and investments. Said
returns shall specify the following particulars :
the number of depositors; total amount of
deposits; amount invested in bank stock and
deposited in bank on interest; amount secured
by bank stock; amount invested in public
funds; loans on security of public funds ; loans
on mortgage of real estate; loans on personal
securities; amount of cash on hand; total div-
idends of the year; annual expenses of the
institution—all of which shall be certified and
sworn to by the treasurer; and five or more of
the managers shall also certify and make oath
thatthe said return is correct according to their
best knowledge and belief.
The ninth section provides that the books
of said corporation shall at all times during
their hours of business be open for inspection
and examination to the Comptroller of the
Currency or depositors.
The tenth section provides that said corpora-
tion may make by-laws for the more orderly
management of their business, not repugnant
to law; may have a common seal, which they
may change at pleasure ; that all deeds, grants,
covenants, and agreements made by their treas-
urer, or any other person by their authority,
shall be good and valid; and said corporation
shall have power to sue and may be sued,
defend, and be held to answer by the name
aforesaid.
The eleventh section provides that the said
corporation shall file a bond, with security, with
the clerk of the supreme court of the District,
to be approved by one of the judges of the said
court to the United States, in the penal sum
of $200,000, with a condition to pay and to sat-
isfy to every depositor or person entitled, such
sum as the party may be entitled to within thirty
days after such deposit shall be demanded;
and which bond may be sued by any depositor
or person entitled after such demand and re-
fusal to pay; and that the said supreme court
shall have power to require a new bond and
new security at any time they may deem it
necessary for the interest of parties inter-
ested.
The twelfth section provides that Congress
shall at all times possess the power to alter,
amend, or repeal this act.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REDUCING TUP, WIDTH OP A POBLIO ALLEY.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, also
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2063) to direct
the reduction of the width of an alley in square
376 in the city of Washington, with an amend-
ment.
The bill directs the municipal government
of Washington -city to reduce the width of the
public alley entering square 376 from Ninth
street west from twelve feet to a width of seven
feet, and that the portion restored to individual
property be added to lot 22, from which the
entire alley was originally taken.
The amendment in the bill and in the title
was to strike out "directed" and insert "au-
thorized."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXEMPTION FROM TAXES.
Mr. COOK also, from the same committee,
reported back, with amendments, the bill (H.
R. No. 2005) exempting from taxes certain
property in the District, of Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that from
and after the passage of the act all churches,
parsonages, and parochial schools, and all
buildings, grouuds, and property appurtenant
thereto, and used in connection therewith in
the District of Columbia, shall be exempt from
any and all taxes or assessments, national,
municipal, or county.
The amendments reported from the com-
mittee were as follows:
In line four strike out the words "parsonages and
parochial," and after tbe word "schools" insert the
word " houses;" so that it will read, "all churches i
and school-house3 and all buildings." ;
Add as a new section the following : _ j
Sec.2. Be itfarther enacted, <£-c., That savings-banks
may be organized within the District, under the pro-
visions of section four of an act to provide for the
creation of corporations in the District of Columbia
by general law, and the limitation of twenty years
provided for in said section for the existence of cor-
porations created under and by virtue of the pro-
visions of said section shall not apply to corporations
formed only for the purpose of life insurance.
Amend the title so that it shall read : " An act ex-
empting from taxes certain property in the District
of Columbia, and to amend the act to provide forthe
creation of corporations in the District of Columbia
by general law."
Mr. COBURN. I understand that the bill
applies now exclusively to church property.
Mr. COOK. We propose to amend the first
section so that it shall apply only to churches
and school-houses.
The amendments reported by the committee
were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed'to.
NATIONAL THEOLOGICAL INSTITUTE.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee for the District of
Columbia a bill which is necessary to correct
an act which passed the House a month ago
to-day. It has not been referred to the com-
mittee, but the committee have examined it,
and approve of it.
There being no objection,
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2064) to repeal the
preamble to an act in relation to the National
Theological Institute, approved April 2, 1870 ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It repeals the preamble
to an act entitled "An act declaring the con-
struction of an act to incorporate the National
Theological Institute, approved May 10,1866,"
and also an act to amend an^ict entitled *' An
' act to incorporate the National Theological
Institute and to define and extend the powers
of the same," approved April 22, 1870.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
i accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
I which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOK. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Welker.]
JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 2065) to further amend the law of the Dis-
trict of Columbia in relation to judicial pro-
ceedings, and preserve records of marriages
therein; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read, and is as follows :
Be it enacted, &c., That all fictions in the plead-
ings in the action of ejectment within said District
be, and are hereby, abolished; and all actions lor
the recovery of real estate in said District shall be
commenced in the name of the real party in interest,
and against the party claiming to own or be pos-
sessed thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any of the
duties of the clerk of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia may be performed, in his name, by
any of the assistant clerks in his office, and said
assistants may sign the name of tbo clerk to any pro-
cess, certificate, or other official act required by law
or by the practice of Hie court to bo performed by
said clerk, and may authenticate said signature by
affixing the seal of the court thereto, whereon the
impress of the seal is necessary to its authentication.
In such cases tho signature shall be " ,
clerk, by ; , assistant clerk."
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That after a judg-
ment for a debt amounting with interest to twenty
dollars, exclusive of costs, before a justice of tho
peace of the District of Columbia, the judgment cred-
itor may, when execution is returned no personal
property found whereon to levy, file in the clerk's
office of the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia a certified copy of such judgment, and which
shall be docketed ia the docket of law causes in said
office in tbe same manner as appeals from justices
are docketed there; and when so docketed the force
and effect of the judgment shall be tho same, as to
lien and execution, as if it had been a judgment of
said court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That for the pur-
pose of preserving the evidence of marriages in tbo
District of Columbia every minister of the Gospel,
appointed or ordained according to tho rites and
ceremonies of his church, whether his residence be
in the District of Columbia or elsewhere in the Uni-
ted States or its Territories, may be licensed to cel-
ebrate marriages in tbe said District; and tholicenso
shall be issued by tho clerk of the supremo court of
said District in the following form:
" To any minister of the Gospel authorized to
celebrate marriages in tho District of Columbia,
greeting:
"You are hereby licensed to solemnize the rites
of marriage between , of , and — ,
of .ifyoufindno lawful impediment thereto; and
having done-so, you are commanded to appear in tlio
clerk's office of the supremo court of said District
and certify the same.
" Witness my hand and the seal of said court.
" , Clerk."
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That said clerk
shall provide a record book of his office, consisting
of licenses in the above form, printed in blank, one
of which he shall fill up with the names of the par-
ties for whose unioa any license has be'en issued, and
beneath it shall be printed a certificate, to be made
by the minister who solemnized the marriage, in tile
following form:
" I. , minister of church, in , hereby
certify that, by authority of a license of the same
| tenor as the foregoing, I solemnized the marriage of
the parties aforesaid, on the —- day of , IS—,
at , in the District of Columbia. ^
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That a copy of any
: license and certificate recorded in said book, certi-
fied by said clerk under his hand and the seal of th«
1 court, shall be competent evidence of said marriage.
