1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5531
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw any objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will be
considered as agreed to, if there be no farther
objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the other,
I will say to the Senator from Illinois that his
amendment which was added to the tax bill
had blanks as to the number of sections, and
we could not fill those blanks then, because
we did not know what the numbering of the
sections would finally be. The House of Rep-
resentatives adopted our amendment without
filling the blanks. This is merely to supply
that clerical omission.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair saw
at the time that it was impossible until the
engrossing clerk took possession of the bill
to tell how those blanks should be filled in the
port of entry sections.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio one question with regard to
this report for the information of the Senate
andthe country. I wish to know how much
in the aggregate this conference report reduces
the taxes and the duties ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This conference report
reduces the taxes, on the basis of last year's
receipts, $76,000,000. On that we have the
official statement.
bill introduced.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1058) to settle and adjust all claims of the
Choctaw tribe of Indians against the United
States ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
additional deficiency bii«l.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am directed
by the Committee on Appropriations, to whom
was referred the bill (EL R. No. 2369) making
additional appropriations and to supply the
deficiencies m the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal years end-
ing June 30, 1870, and June 30, 1871, and for
other purposes, to report it back with amend-
ments. I desire to say that tbis evening I
shall ask the Senate to consider the bill.
FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the second commit-
tee of conference on the funding bill, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on tbo disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho bill (S. No. 380) to
authorize the refunding and consolidation of the
national debt, to extend banking facilities, and to
establish specie payments, having met, afcerfull and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend to their respective Houses, as follows :
They recommend that the Senate recede from their
disagreement to the amendment of the House to said
Scnalte bill, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strikeout all of said amendment and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to issue, in a sum or sums not exceeding
in the aggregate 8200,000,000, coupon or registered
bonds of the United States, in such form as he may
prescribe, and of denominations of fifty dollars, or
houic multiple of thatsum, redeemable in coin of the
present standard value, at the pleasure of the United
States, after ten years from the date of their issue,
and bearing interest., payable semi-annually in such
coin, at the rate of five per cent, per annum; also
a sum or sums not exceeding in the aggregate $300,-
000,000 of like bonds, tbe same in ail respects, but pay-
able at the pleasuie of the United States, after fifteen
years from the date of their issue, and be.-. .ng inter-
est at the rate of four and a half per cent, per annum;
also a sum or sums not exceeding in the aggregate
$1,000,000,000 of like bonds, tho same in all respects,
but payable at the pleasure ofthe United States, after
thirty years from the date of their issue, and bearing
interest at the raie of four per cent, per annum; all
of which said several classes of bonds, and the inter-
est thereon, shall be exempt from the payment of all
taxes or duties of the United States, as well as from
taxation in any form by or under State, municipal, or
local authority; and the said bonds shall have set
hath and expressed upon theirface the above speci-
fied conditions, and shall, with tbeir coupons, be mode
payable at the Treasury of tho United States. But
nothing in this act, or in any other iaw now in force,
sh.ti 1 bo eon.-:trucd to Authorize any increase wnatever
ofthebondud debt ofthe United States.
Skc. 2, And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Trcasuiy is hereby authorized to sell and 1
dispose of any of the bonds issued under this act at
not less than their par value for coin, and to apply
the proceeds thereof to the redemption of any of the
bonds of the United States outstanding and known
as five-twenty bonds at their par value; or he may
exchange the same for such five-twenty bonds, par
for par; but the bonds hereby authorized shall be
used for no other purpose whatsoever. And a sum
not exceeding one half of one per cent, of the bonds
herein authorized is hereby appropriated to pay the
expense of preparing, issuing, advertising, and dis-
posing ofthe same.
Sf.O. 3. And be it further enacted, That the payment
of any of the bonds hereby authorized after the expi-
ration of the said several terms of ten, fifteen, and
thirty years shall be made in amounts to be determ-
ined from time to time by the Secretary of tho
Treasury at his discretion, the bonds so to be paid to
be distinguished and described by the dates and
numbers, beginning for each successive payment with
the bonds of each class last dated and numbered, of
the time of which intended payment or redemption
the Secretary of the Treasury shall give public notice;
and the interest on the particular bonds so selected
at any time to be paid shall cease at the expiration
of three months liom the date of such notice.
SfiC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary ofthe Treasury is hereby authorized, with any
coin in the Treasury of the United States which he
may lawfully apply to such purpose, or which may
be derived from the sale of any of the bonds the issue
of which is provided for in this act, to pay at par and
cancel any six per cent, bonds of the United States
of the kind known as five-twenty bonds which have
becomeor shall hereafter become redeemable by the
terms of their issue. But the particular bonds so to
be paid and canceled shall in all cases be indicated
and specified by class, date, and number, in the order
of their numbers and issue, beginning with the first
numbered and issued, in public notice to be given
by the Secretary ofthe Treasury, and in three months
alter the date of such public notice the interest on the
bonds so selected and advertised to be paid shall
cease.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury is hereby authorized, at any
time within two years from the passage of this act, to
receive gold coin of the United States on deposit for
not less than thirty days, in sums of not less than
S100. with the Treasurer, or any Assistant Treasurer
of the United Slates authorized by the Secretary of
theTreasuiy to receive the same, who shall issue
therefor certificates of deposit, made in such form
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe,
and said certificates of deposit shall bear interest
at a rate not exceeding two and a half per cent, per
annum; and any amount of gold coin so deposited
may be withdrawn from deposit at any time after
thirty days from the date of deposit, and after ten
days' notice and on the return of said certificates;
Provided, That the interest on all such deposits shall
cease and determine at the pleasure ofthe Secretary
of the Treasury. And not less than twenty-five per
cent, ofthe coin deposited for or represented by said
certificates of deposits shall be retained in the Treas-
ury for the payment of said certificates: and tho ex-
cess beyond twenty-five per cent, may be applied at
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury to the
payment or redemption of such outstanding bonds of
the United States heretofore issued and known as
the five-twenty bonds, as he may designate under
the provfsions of tho fourth section of this act; and
any certificates of deposit issued as aforesaid may be
received at par, with the interest accrued thereon
in payment for any bonds authorized to be issued by
this act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the United
States bonds purchased and now held in the Treasury
m accordance with the provisions relating to a sink-
ing fund, of section five of the act entitled "An act to
authorise the issue of United States notes, and for
the redemption or funding thereof, and for funding
the floating debt of tho United States/' approved
February 25,1862. and all other United States bonds
which have been purchased by the Secretary of the
Treasury with surplus funds m the Treasury, and
now held in the Treasury of the United States, shall
be canceled and destroyed, a detailed record of such
bonds so canceled and destroyed to be first made m
the books of the Treasury Department. Any bonds
hereafter applied to said sinking fund, and all other
United States bonds, redeemed or paid hereafter by
the United States, shall also in like manner be re-
corded, canceled, and destroyed; and the amount
of the bonds of each class that have been canceled
and destroyed shall be deducted respectively from
the amount of each class of the outstanding debt of
IheUnited States. In addition to other amounts that
maybe applied to the redemption or payment of the
public debt, an amount equal to the interest on all
bonds belonging to the aforesaid sinking fund shall
be applied, as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
from time to time direct, to the payment of the public
debt as provided for m section five of the act afore-
said; and the amount so to be applied is hereby
appropriated annually for that purpose out of the
receipts for duties on imported goods.
They further recommend thalthctitlebeamended
so that it \viil read: "An ret to authorize the re-
funding ofthe national debt." And that tiie House
agree to tho same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
CHARLES SUMNER,
GAllKETf DAVIS,
Managers on the po,rt ofthe Senate.
ROBERT C. SCHEXCK,
SAMUEL HOOPER,
Manaytrs on the purt ofthe House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire the attention of
the Senate while I make a brief statement in
regard to this very important bill. The con-
troversy between the two Houses as to the
funding bill related principally to three mat-
ters : first, as to the description of the bonds;
second, as to the mode of negotiation; and
third, as to their operation upon national
banks. The House of Representatives pro-
vided for a four per cent, thirty-year bond.
The Senate provided for three classes of bonds,
at five, four and a half, and four per cent.
We have adjusted that matter by providing
for three classes of bonds of the description
provided for in the Senate bill, but have
limited the amount of five per cent, bonds to
$200,000,000, of four and a half per cent, to
$300,000,000, and the residue must be four
per cent, bonds running for thirty years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A thousand millions of
four per cent, bonds?
Mr.SHERMAN. Yes; athousand millions
at four per cent. The second question was as
to the mode of negotiation. The House pro-
vided for no means of negotiation and no agen-
cies and no facilities. The Senate had proposed
the appointment of agents, and the advertis-
ing ot the loan, &c., and limited the expend-
iture to one half of one per cent. We have
agreed to a modification which places the one
half of one per cent, at the disposal of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for the negotiation of
this loan ; so that in substance it is the propo-
sition of the Senate.
As to the national banks, we had a great
deal of trouble. The original section in the
funding bill, as it passed the Senate, required
that all the national banks should take the new
bonds in substitution for the old. There was,
as I think, a very unreasonable and unneces-
sary clamor raised by the banks against that
provision. I was sorry to see it. In the House
bill there was no provision made in regard to
the national banks. But when we came into
conference the House conferees themselves
proposed that the new banks to be organized
under the currency act which recently passed
should be upon the new description of bonds;
a provision which was manifestly just in itself
and not unjust to the banks. That was a prop-
osition made by the conferees of the House,
and we agreed to it. When the bill went back
to the House it seems that soma of the very
gentlemen who were so much opposed to our
section about the national banks attacked the
report ofthe committee on the ground that it
did not extend this provision in regard to the
new banks to the old ones. The contest thus
sprang up on the proposition proposed by the
House conferees, and the bill was defeated,
after debate, upon this proposition.
The second committee of conference, being
composed of the same gentlemen, had but one
of two courses to pursue: either to restore
the section proposed by the Senate originally,
which we thought was the better way, or to
omit all reference to national banks in this
bill. In view of the action of the House we
concluded that it was better to strike out the
seventh section of the bill entirely, leaving the
old and new banks upon the same footing, and
leaving the national banks entirely at liberty
to help or "to mar the funding of the public
debt.
I wish now to record my deliberate judgment
that in this conclusion to which we have been
compelled to arrive by the action of the House
we are doing the national banks a great injury,
which will impair their influence and power
among the people, and that the opposition of
tbe national banks to this provision, which
would have required them to aid in the funding
of the public debt, will tend more to weaken
and destroy them than anything that has trans-
pired since their organization. I do not see
how we can go before the people of the United
States and ask them to lend us gold at par for
our bonds, when we refuse to require agencies
of our own creation to take them ; when we
