ut
APPENDIX TO THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
and sixty-nine, " for the expenses of exchang-
ing public documents for the publications of
foreign Governments," the same being an un-
expended balance «ot required for that pur-
pose, be, and the same is hereby, transferred
to the fund for the purchase of books for the
Library of Congress.
Apfeoved, May 5, 1870.
No. 50.—A Resolution relative to the estab-
lishment of a Light-Station on the Choptank
River in Maryland.
Resolved by the Senate and Souse of Repre-
sentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Light-House
Board tie, and is hereby, authorized to estab-
lish a light-station to mark the obstruction to
navigation in the Choptank river, Maryland,
in the vicinity of Castle Haven Point.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
No. 53.—A Resolution extending the Time for
the Completion of the first section of twenty
miles of the Cairo and Fulton Railroad.
Resolved by the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in case the Cairo
and Fulton Railroad Company shall complete
the first section of twenty miles of said road
by the twentieth day of December, eighteen
hundred and seventy, and the Secretary of
t.he Interior shall be satisfied of such com-
pletion, then the said company shall be enti-
tled to its lands in all respects and to the
same extent as it would have been had said
twenty miles been completed bf the twenty-
eighth of April, eighteen hundred and seventy,
as provided by law relating to said railroad
company.
Approved, May C, 1870.
No. 5-1.—Joint Resolution granting an Amer-
ican Register to the British built Schooner
" W. D. B."
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized to
issue an American register to the British-built,
schooner " W. D. B.," wrecked and found
abandoned at sea, said vessel being now owned
by citizens of Portland, Maine.
Approved, May 0, 1870.
No. 55.—Joint Resolution granting Condemned
Guns for Soldiers' Monuments at Fairmount
Cemetery, Newark, New^crsey.
JJeit resolved by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be authorized to turn over to the managers of
the Fairmount Cemetery, at Newark, New Jer-
sey, six pieces of condemned iron or bronze
guns on hand, unfit for Army purposes, for
ornamentation of the soldiers' monuments
therein.
Approved, May G, 1870.
No. 67.—A Resolution for setting apart a por-
tion of the Fort Snelling Military Reservation
lor a permanent Military Post, and the set-
tlement of all Claims in relation thereto. .
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
ho. and hereby is, authorized and empowered
to select and set apart for a permanent mili-
tary post so much of the military reservation
ot Fort Snelling, not less than one thousand
acres, as the public interests may require for
itint 'purpose.' and' to' quiet the title to said
reservation, and to settle all claims in relation
thereto, and for the use and occupation thereof,
upon principles of equity.
Approved, May 7, 1870.
■ 4
No. 59.—Joint Resolution donatingCondemned
Cannon to the McPherson Monument Asso-
ciation.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to deliver to the McPherson Monument Asso-
ciation such number of condemned bronze
guns as may be required by said association to
be used in the erection or ornamentation of a
monument to the late Major General James B.
McPherson.
Approved, May 11, 1870.
No. GO.—JointResolution to amend the Act of
April twenty, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the first proviso in the
act approved April twentieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, which prescribes the condi-
tions under which the disbursement of the
appropriations therein contained, for defray-
ing expenses incurred in carrying into effect
the "act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," shall be made,
shall not be held to apply to accounts for ser-
vices rendered, or for supplies furnished, under
regulations or orders issued by the respective
commanders of the several military districts
under the authority of the seventh section of
the act of March twenty-third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, and which accounts shall
have been duly certified and audited and have
been approved, and the payment ordered by
said commanders.
Approved, May 11, 1870.
No. 62.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln, and for
the withholding of Moneys from Tribes of
Indians holding American Captives.
Whereas the Kiowa Indians, on orabout the
fifth day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, captured in Cook county, in the
State of Texas, two female children, whose
family name is unknown, aged about three and
five years, after having murdered the parents
and all the known relatives of said children;
and whereas said children have recently been
recovered from said Indians, and are now in
the care of J. H. Leavenworth, and are with-
out any means of support: Therefore,
Beit resolved by the Senate and, House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby directed to reserve from any
annuities due or to become due to said Kiowa
Indians the sum of two thousand five hundred
dollars for each one of saijl children,and cause
the same to be placed to their credit on the
books of the Treasury of the United States, to
bear interest at the rate of five per centum per
annum, and use from time to time the income
from the same in such manner as he may deem
expedient for their maintenance, education,
and support, during their lifetime, until they
attain the age of twenty-one years, when the
principal shall be paid them; and the elder of
said children shall be hereafter known as Helen
Lincoln, and the younger as Heloise Lincoln.
_ Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That if
either said Helen Lincoln or said Heloise Lin-
coln should die without issue, the entire amount
due the decedent shall revert to the United
Slates, and should both die without issue, the
?'• whole sum sharl^ revert to the United States;
but if either'said HelenTjincoln'or s'aid Heloise
Lincoln, or both, have lawful issue, then at the
death of either parent the amount due to her
in her own right shall become the inheritance
of her issue.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of the Interior be authorized and
required to withhold from any tribe of Indians
who may hold American captives any moneys
due them from the United States until said
captives shall be surrendered to the lawful
authorities of the United States.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX, '
Vice President of the United Stales
and President of the Senate.
Received by the President May 4, 1870.
[Note by the Department of State.—The
foregoing resolution having been presented to
the President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him
to the House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law without
his approval.]
(* ^
No. 03.— A Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of
the Commissioners of Quarantine, or other
proper authorities of the State of New York,
the Steamer "Illinois," for Quarantine pur-
poses.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized, in his discretion, to place
gratuitously, for an indefinite period, at the
disposal of the commissioners of quarantine
or the proper authorities of the State of New
York, to be used for quarantine purposes, the
steamer "Illinois," which said steamer was
turned over to the quarantine commissioners
under authority of joint resolution of March
twenty-one, [twenty-four,] eighteen hundred
[and] sixty-six, and has ever since been in
their possession.
Approved, May 23, 1870.
No. 06.—A Resolution to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Examiner of Claims for
the Department of State, and for Additional
Clerks in the Department.
Resolvedby the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a suitable person learned in the law,
to be called the examiner of claims for the
Department of State, who shall receive the
annual salary of three thousand five hundred
dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of State be, and hereby is, author-
ized to employ three additional clerks for index-
ing the books, papers, and documents of the
Department; two of them to be clerks of the
fourth class, and the other of the third class ;
and for the payment of such examiner and
clerks, and for the compensation of extra and
temporary clerks, whose employment may be
necessary, the sum of seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars is hereby appropriated.
Approved, May 27, 1870.
No. 67.—A Resolution authorizing the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company to issue iis
Bonds for the construction of its Road and
to secure the same by Mortgage, and for
other purposes.
Resolved by tl\A Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Northern Pacific
