AAA
•x'jl-x
THE 0LOPE.
January J.3,
the Democratic side of the House, which con-
tinued until the Clerk by his patient firmness
fairly wore out the turbulence of the anarchists.
Suppose, a year from next March, when the
members of the House of Representatives of the
Forty-Second Congress shall assemble, there
shall be enough of contested seats to make it
a question which party shall have the control
of the organization, tell mo what assurance you
have that anything short of military force will
curb that same element into submission to law-
ful authority? No man can tell the future of
this House or of the Government if you permit
those three States to be readmitted to repre-
sentation here with all the spirit of hate to the
Union cause in the hearts of the people which
is manifest in all their acts.
Tell me, my Republican friends, if you are
willing to answer for results if after a restora-
tion of the three remaining seceded States to
full political power, and the important acces-
sion of strength which will be thus given to
the northern allies of southern rebels, a sys-
tematic movement should be made to nullify
the fifteenth amendment on the pretense that
its ratification was secured by duress ? And
if that amendment may be made inoperative
on this pretense, why not the fourteenth and
the thirteenth amendments ? And at last, what
shall be the barrier against the attempt to put
in practical force the broad theory "of the Dem-
ocratic party, North and South, that the entire
legislation of Congress since the spring of 1861
has been that of a fragment of a legislative
department ?
This question of reconstruction, which is
now practically before us, does not alone affect
(he people of Virginia, nor Mississippi, nor
Texas._ It affects the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, and every other
State which voluntarily bore the heavy bur-
dens of war in defense of our national cause.
Ay, it affects the very existence of the Gov-
ernment itself. We were told to-day by the
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,]
who advocated the passage of the bill reported
by the committee, that under your thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments to the
Constitution of the United States the condi-
tions imposed by this proposed act for the ad-
mission of Virginia would enforce themselves;
that thus they would be upon the statute-books
of the country, and that the judicial and exec-
utive departments ofthe Governmentwould be
directly charged with their faithful execution.
I do not doubt the sincerity of the gentleman
from Ohio. I wish I could share his feeling of
confidence and security, but I do not.
My observation of the progress of reconstruc-
tion in the South has taught me that oaths,
and statutes, and fundamental laws are unre-
liable guarantees forthe good faith ofthe masses
of the leaders who precipitated the South into
rebellion. You may pile your conditions of
rcadmission mountain high, Alps on Alps, and
yet if the terrible lessons staring us in the face
irom Tennessee and Georgia and Louisiana
are to be accepted for our instruction and
guidance—and how can we honestly ignore
them?—we shall be driven to the conclusion
that the moment the power to enforce these
conditions shall pass from our hands they will
be thrown back into our faces in the bitterness
of treasonable defiance.
I entertain no spirit of revenge for the con-
federates of the South. I bear no spirit of
malice toward their allies in the North. I am
only pleading for the protection of the loyal
people, black and white, in the South and in
the North who saved your Government in war
and who have rescued it from a greater peril
since the close of the war. Do you say you
have the Federal judiciary as a guarantor of na-
tional republican liberty? I answer that there
are to-day only two members of the Supreme
Court of the United States who are in full ac-
cord with the masses by whose support the
present loyal administration of the general I
Government was secured. Do you say you '
have an Executive who possesses the head and
the heart and the arm to faithfully, impartially
execute the laws ? I answer, no man has a
higher admiration for nor more abiding confi-
dence in President Grant than I.
But I remember that on the morning of the
,14th of April, 1865, we had an Executive equally
honored and trusted and loved, but that on the
morning of the 15th of April, 1865, we had no
such Executive, for his soul had been sent into
eternity by the bullet of a rebel assassin. Who
can say that with one of the three departments
of the General Government already in the prac-
tical interest of the so-called Conservative^;
with one branch of another liable to fall into
similar hands, and with only two human lives
between the rebel leaders and a possession
anew of the third department, and thus of the
supreme control of the Federal administra-
tion—who can say that he regards the individ-
ual or governmental rights of Unionists secure ?
You may call these declarations whatever
you please; I know that the spirit of hatred of
our people, our laws, and our theory of gov-
ernment rankles as bitterly now in the hearts
of the governing classes of the States asking
readmission as on the day when the first gun
was opened upon our flag. And when the rec-
ord of that party in the North calliqg itself
Democratic is taken into account for the last
four years; its justification of secession origin-
ally ;its defense ofthe cause of rebellion as it
progressed; its sorrow for the cause when it
was lost; its frauds upon an honest franchise
like those in New York, which silenced the
voice of its Union electors in the Electoral
College in 1868, who can wonder that the se-
curity of the Union cause should not to me
look undeniably assured?
Are gentlemen confident in the belief that
reconstruction is working itself out satisfac-
torily in other States than Tennessee and
Georgia? Look at the results in the State of
Louisiana! At the presidential election, a year
ago last fall, in the city of New Orleans, Gen-
eral Grant should have received 20,000 votes.
How many did he recieve? Just 276 votes,
and no more! Why? Because there were
fraud and intimidation and violence and mur-
der. In the week of registration preceding
the election a hundred and fifty Union men
were assassinated in that city because of their
political opinions. This was done in the very
presence of a military force sent there to se-
cure, if possible, a fair election.
If events such as I have thus briefly noticed
may be enacted in the States of Tennessee and
Georgia and Louisiana will they not be re-
peated in Virginia and Mississippi and Texas?
I have failed to see any more conyinping evi-
dences of Unionism in these three States than
in the three above named. Most especially
do I distrust Virginia. I remember very well"
that it was upon Virginia soil that .the first
army of the rebellion was organized for the
overthrow of the Federal capital. It was upon
Virginia soil that the rebel capital was estab-
lished. It was upon Virginia soil that the mpst
barbarous inhumanity was practiced upon our
defenseless prisoners. The daily departure of
hundreds of loyal blacks from the soil of Vir-
ginia, in anticipation of the persecutions which
will closely follow admission, is a sufficient
commentary on the Unionism of the Old Do-
minion.
These considerations, Mr. Speaker, will com-
pel me to vote against the bill reported by the
Committee on Reconstruction, unless there can
be an opportunity afforded to vote for its post-
ponement until after the problems of Tennes-
see and Georgia shall be solved satisfactorily—
say until next March or April. If there can
be no opportunity secured for a vote for post-
ponement, I for one shall vote against the bill,
even though it will compel me to vote with my
Democratic friends.
Now, sir, if any gentleman thinks I have
shown a spirit of malignity in this discussion
lie does me injustice. Personally, J am will-
ing to be magnanimous even toward men who
may call themselves my foes. That is my right
as an individual. But I am herein the capa-
city of a Representative, and I have no right
by my magnanimity to put in jeopardy the
protection of men in the southern States who,
under privation, persecution, everything short
of death, battled against secession until they
could have a chance by marching hundreds of
miles, as some of them did, to join the Union
armies and fight beneath the folds ofthe Union
flag, under the belief that when reestablished
that flag would be their asgis. I have no right
by my vote to help remand those men, black
or white, into the condition they would have
been in had rebellion been successful. That is
what Republicans will practically do when they
shall vote for the admission of the three un-
reconstructed States.
The fundamental error which is committed
on this question is in the failure to discriminate
between the rights of a State which has by its
voluntary crimes forfeited its equality of pre-
rogatives in the Union and a State which has
not. A citizen of the United States, guiltless
of crime, piay to-day stand as the equal of
kings in his right tp demand the exercise of
all the, powers of Government in protection
of .hjs property, his liberty, and his life. To-
morrow, by the commissipfi of erijne, he may
have forfeited his right to the possession of
either life or liberty or prpperty. The full, com-
plete integrity p-f ^llthe Stages to tjieprineiples
of republican liberty is enjoined by one ,of the
original provisions of.the Federal Constitution ;
and the impartial protection of all the rights of
each citizen, without regard to color or condi-
tion, is one of the important guarantees of the
fourteenth amendment. It is the duty of the
Federal Congress to see that these constitu-
tional provisions, old and new, are faithfully
enforced. Other gentlemen must judge for
themselves liow much Virginia and Mississippi
and Texas and Georgia and Tennessee, as now
constituted, will aid in this work.
What constitutes the strength of a State ?
Not extended territory, nor superiority of
number of inhabitants, nor etrppgth of war-
like armaments on land or «ea, nor financial
credit, nor even patriotic devotipn; for ali
these we had during the late four years' war,
and we should have failed had we not possessed
as the basis of governmental defense the
broadest recognition of the principle of hu-
man .equality and human liberty. With that
recognition reflected from the bayonets of our
soldiery and embodied in all tangible acts of
national authority, the liberty-loving masses
of the world became our allies, and from the
lowly cabins of the slaves in the South, and
beneath the thatched roofs of the cottages of
the poor on every mountain top and in every
valley of all Europe, prayers ascended to the
great Leader of armies and the Ruler of
nations for the success of our cause, and suc-
cess was achieved. Let not wha); was thus
secured by fidelity to liberty in times of war
be lost by an abandonment of liberty in times
of peace.
Mr. A.XTELL. I will yield twenty minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Rogers.]
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, those mem-
bers present who have not been accustomed
to public speaking, and who remember the
time when they first attempted to address an
assembly like this, can readily appreciate the
embarrassment under which I labor in attempt-
ing to address this House to-night. It was my
purpose to have made a more extended
speech than I can make at this late hour.
And let me remark right hero that when i
came here as a Representative of the people of
my State to participate in the deliberations of
this body, I supposed, as it was my first entrance
into public life, that I should be permitted to
enjoy the same privileges and fights as older
members her?. I have sought through,this day
to get the floor in order that I iijighi my some-
