1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1757
and a half or four per cent, must be utterly
idle and futile.
This bill is based on the idea that we may
place the four and four and a half per cents,
abroad, and thus get gold to redeem the six per
cent, bouds which are ^scattered all over
Europe. How can the Secretary do it? He
must employ bankers and agents. He has no
agents of the Treasury Department in Europe,
where this loau must be negotiated. He must
pay them. How can he expect these persons
to "engage in this ordinary business without
the ordinary facilities and profits; and if you
attempt to sell this loan in America you had
better abandon the system. If you can sell the
bonds at the rates proposed it is because
$1,000,000,000 of our bonds are held abroad,
and there by the sale of a loan bearing a smaller
rate of interest, extending the time, we may
get money to pay off the bonds bearing six per
cent, interest there. Therefore we must make
the terms of this law so that he can negotiate
the bonds and have the means and facilities of
negotiating them abroad. When I came to
examine into the cost of foreign loans I found
the cost of the Russian loau was two and a
half per cent, for commissions. The long loans
of various Governments of Europe have cost
from one to live per cent., and even the cost
of the loans of England through the Bank of
England has been very nearly the rate pro-
posed in this bill.
Under these circumstances the attempt to
reduce the power of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the discretion necessary to be placed upon
him iu the negotiation of this loan, by a refusal
to grant him the ordinary facilities to the nego-
tiation of the loan, is an attempt to defeat this
bill and to cast on the Secretary a discredit in
the refusal to grant him the ordinary facilities
and agencies to carry on this operation.
Then, again, I addressed him, expressing the
hope that he might be able to see his way clear
to lower the rate of commission; and I received
a letter in reply to that suggestion which I ask
to have read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Tbeasury Department, March 1,1870.
SiE: I take the liberty of inclosing: to you two
extracts from letters received fVom the United States
consul at Sunneberg, under date of .February 10,
1S70, and from the United States consul at Amster-
dam, dated February 12,1870, relating to the bonds
and credit of the United States in Europe.
I am unable to ascertain the cost to European Gov-
ernments of negotiating loans made by them; but I
understand that the recent ltcissian loan cost that
Government about two and a half per cent. This
statement, however, cannot bo regarded as authentic.
I find from an examination of Executive Document
No. 26o of the Fortieth Congress, second session,
printed by the House of ltepresentatives, that tho
commissions iillowed to bankers, have generally been
at the rate of one eighth of one per cent, upon the
amount negotiated. In some instances a laTger
amount has been paid. The correspondence com-
mencingon pageljl of thatdocumentcontainsfurther
information upon the subject. I also refer in this
connection to Executive Document No. 52, second
session Thirty-Ninth Congress: No. 34, second ses-
sion Fortieth Congress; No. '26b, second session For-
tieth Congress; and No. 2o, third session Fortieth
Congress.
I tiave had a careful estimate of tho expense of
the engraving, paper, and printing made, and find
that it is not likely to exceed one eighth of one per
cent, of the amount of the bonds issued. It will be
necessary to make some allowance, perhaps, in addi-
tion to this, as the average cost will depend mate-
rially upon the amount ot the several denominations
issued. It will be necessary also to make some allow-
ance for advertising and other incidental expenses.
It however seems to me certain that the entire ex-
pense of placing tho loan will not cxceed one half
of one per cent.
You will recollect that the appropriation named in
toe bill now before the Senate was in accordance
with the previous practice of the Government, and
was not the result of any investigation cither upon
niy part or on the part of the committee as far as I
itnow. If it shall seem desirable to the committee or
to the Senate to limit the appropriation to one half
of one percent. I think it safe to do so; and yet I am
Prepared to say thatthc expense will not be increased
by allowing the appropriation to remain at one per
cent.
Very respectfully.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. John Suejkmax. Chairman Committee, on Finance,
United States Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate is now in
possession of the facts, and will do as it seems
best. The expense figured within the lowest
limit, in the bounds of reason, is reduced to
one half of one per cent.; so that if we can
save $18,000,000a yearatacostof $6,000,000
the task will be accomplished. Now, what
ought to be done by sensible men under the
circumstances? I say we ought to give to the
Secretary of the Treasury, who is to perform
this difficult task, the same discretion that was
conferred upon previous Secretaries under
circumstances much less difficult.
With these facts before us, with the state-
ment that he may possibly be able to confine
the expenditures for this loan to one half of
one per cent., we Ought to deal with him in a
manly way ; treat him with confidence and
respect; give him the discretion to expend not
to exceed one per cent., and then hold him
to a strict responsibility for the accurate and
proper expenditure of this public money. Why,
sir, every day in the appropriations made by
law in our ordinary appropriation bills, in the
usual progress of our daily administration, we
intrust such discretionary powers to high offi-
cers of the Government, We certainly can
confide for the faithful execution of the trust
in the present Secretary of the Treasury. We
ought not now to dishonor this loan or to dis-
honor this attempt, aud tie up his hands and
weaken him in the slightest degree by any
limitation of the ordinary discretionary power
conferred on the Secretary of the Treasury
under such circumstances. If he can accom-
plish the task at one per cent, he will have
achieved one of the greatest wonders of modern
finance. If lie should fail because his hands
are tied with withes, then you are responsible,
not he.
I say, therefore, that I for one am in favor
of giving him this discretion to expend not
exceeding one per cent. It may be that in
many cases it will cost nothing; in many cases
but one eighth of one per cent.; but in some
cases—for instance, in remote countries in the
negotiations of the four or the four and a half
per cent, loans, where the amounts held are
comparatively small, as say in a single district
in a remote part of Germany—it may cost the
full amount of one per cent. Suppose it does;
we gain far more than we lose. My opinion,
then, is that it is better on the whole to let the
bill stand as it is in this respect; but if Sen-
ators wish to tie the Secretary down to what
he now says is the lowest limit within which it
is possible for him to undertake to negotiate
this loan, one half of one per cent., then I do
say that if there is au.y fault or any failure it
is yours, not his.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the ap-
pointment of agents. I need not here argue
the question that agents are necessary, and
that the Treasury Department is not so organ-
ized as to perform this duty. In all the loan
laws from the foundation of the Government,
which I have before me, the employment of
agents has been provided for, except in a few
cases where the loans were awarded upon ad-
vertisement, Sometimes in years of peace a
small loan has been given out upon ordinary
advertisement; but it was shown in those cases
that the bonds after they were sold advanced,
and the bankers who bought them made two
or three or four per cent, profit, resulting from
the fact that in the sale of bonds by public
advertisement the bankers have a monopoly of
the market. Hence it has been customary in
our loan laws to authorize the employment of
agents in Europe and in the United States, to
any number that the Secretary might deem
proper.
In regard to the fifth section of the bill, which
is the question immediately before the Senate,
it is a question of great difficulty. That is
simply a question of dollars and cents. It is
not a question of national pride. This Govern-
ment has several times before authorized a for-
eign loan, and we have paid our foreign loans
in gilders and in francs and in sterling money.
Many of the States of this country, some of
them in the highest credit, as for instance the
State of Massachusetts, have negotiated foreign
loans in sterling. Many of the leading railroad
companies of the United States negotiate their
loans abroad in sterling. Why? Because they
can save money by it. I have no doubt but
that you could sell a four per cent, bond pay-
ab'e in francs in the valley of the Rhine or in
France at as high a rate as you can sell a four
and a half per cent, bond payable in American
coin. Why? The holders of these bonds iu
Europe are generally small capitalists. The
correspondence which is submitted to me here
now shows that American bonds are held in
sums of from one hundred to live thousand
dollars by the peasantry, by the small farmers,
by the people of limited means scattered all
through Europe. The question with them is
what terms can you make.
When you propose to pay them ofF in gold
the question is, what kind of bonds will they
be willing to take? In the first place, if you
can offer them a bond payable in a kind of
currency that they know all about—francs, or
thalers, or sterling—they will take such a bond
at a less rate of interest; they can afford to do
it. Now, your coupons are cut off by these
proprietors. They are first sold to the banker
in Frankfort; they then go to Amsterdam, and
finally come to New York, and are cashed in
American gold. Now, if you can pay off the
small holders in the remote portions of Europe
or in the centers of European capital with four
per cent, in gold of their own coinage they
would much prefer it, and it would be much
more valuable for them to have such a bond
than even a Ive per cent. bond. There is no
difficulty in the United States payingthis money
abroad. The rate of exchange never varies
more than one or two per cent, from the stand-
ard of exchange. We can place the money
in Amsterdam and the great centers of the
European money markets almost without cost.
Sometimes the exchange is against us ; some
times it is for us; but the general average
varies very little. The cost would be trifling.
The cost of the agencies in Europe would be
nothing. There is not a banker in Europe
who would not do all that is necessary to
be done under the provisions of this bill with-
out a single dollar of cost to the Treasury.
Why? The very fact that a banking house
in Europe was selected by the American Gov-
ernment for the purpose of paying the interest
on a portion of its debt would give that house
credit, and they would not only be glad to do
it for nothing, but they would pay you interest
on the amount remaining to your credit from
day to day. That is now the ordinary course
of business. It is the means by which we pay
all the expenses of our foreign intercourse. I
think, therefore, this fifth section may enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell a good
many four per cent, bonds in Europe at par.
At any rate, it will enable him to sell four and
a half per cent, bonds in Europe at par ; and
without that section 1 very much fear he will
not be able to sell any bonds in Europe bear-
ing a less rate than five per cent.
The difference between four and four and a
half per cent, will be lost to the owner of the
bond by the exchanges be has to pay in various
forms before the coupon is sent to New Ydrk,
there cashed, and the money remitted to him.
All this is done at his expense. If by trans-
mitting this money in bulk, say $1,000,000 or
$2,000,000 at a time, to a recognized banker
in Europe, who can secure the Treasury De-
partment by the deposit of bonds, or in some
other way, because all this is left to the Secre-
tary—if we can by that save interest in the
negotiation of our loans we shall be very unwise
if we do not do it.
Sometimes, in answer to this argument of
saving money for the Government, the flag is
flaunted in our faces. Why, sir, it is not any
dishonor to the Government of the United
States to pay wherever it agrees to pay. In
