1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2701
impoverished soil. They were driven to man-
ufactures because they could not make a living
by agriculture.
They have fattened during the whole history
of this Government upon the taxes which have
been levied upon the people of the rest of the
country for their benefit. I hope, Mr. Chair-
man, to live to see the day when manufactures
will flourish all over the West without protec-
tion ; when we shall cease to send our grist to
New England mills to be ground, and cease to
trundle our apples up to Massachusetts to have
them ground into cider; when cotton factories
will be established near the cotton fields, and
manufactures of every character shall flourish
without protection, and we will have a tariff for
the purpose of raising revenue to pay the debts
of the country and provide for the expenses of
the Government instead of for the purpose of
making individuals rich.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. I move, pro forma, to strike
out the last word. I desire to remind our
friends from the South and from the Northwest
that my colleague from the Essex district [Mr.
Butler.] does not represent the sentiment of
New England in regard to this question of
western manufactures. He has been so busy
in protecting the loyal men of the South in
their just right to be laborers and citizens that
he has not been studying the opinions of his
own constituents on the tariff question.
Now, sir, the first voice that called the at-
tention of this country to the vast mineral and
manufacturing powers and resources of the
West and South was that of the most distin-
guished manufacturer that New England ever
produced, Mr. Abbott Lawrence, in his letter
to Mr. Rives; and from that day to this the
earnest effort and earnest desire of the states-
men and men of New England have been to
build up in other parts of the country institu-
tions and interests ideutical with their own.
We do not expect or desire that the cotton of
the South, that the wool and leather of the
West, that the iron and coal of the middle States
shall be drawn half wa.y across the continent to
our doors and then carried back again and sold
in the manufactured form to the very men who
have produced it.
I appeal to the fact that the manufacturing
interests which have been built up in the West
and the railroads which lead to them have
been built up largely by New England capital,
by New England enterprise, and by New Eng-
land assistance. Within the last four years
one third of the entire woolen interest of this
country has been transferred from the Now
England States to the Northwest, and it is idle,
in the face of such facts as that, to reproach
New England with inditt'erence to your inter-
ests. What we have to expect in the future is
to make our living and our wealth out of the
highest kinds of skilled labor. The manufac-
ture of machinery, the inventive power, the
brain of the workman must keep New Eng-
land above water or it will sink.
I do not stand here to say, as the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr*. Kellogg] said a
little while ago, that it is a matter of indif-
ference to my constituents whether we have a
protective tariff or not. I do not stand here
to say to my brethren from any portion of this
country, I will make a bargain with you by
pretending that I do not value what you have
to give me. Of all the varied interests in
my district, as I know from the statistics of
tjieir industry, there is not one in fifteen that
would live a week if we should lose the aid
of the gentleman from theWest, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Sciiexck:,] of his colleague on that commit-
tee from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] and
the others here who vote with them in giving
us protection. And we do not wish to stand
here and get that aid by any sham or pretense j
that we do not need it, and thus obtain it by ;
a sharp bargain. We do need it. We need j
it because we cannot live without it. We need ,
itbecauseyou, our fellow-citizens and country-
men, cannot do without it any better than we
can.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. Allow roe to make a
single correction. I did not say that we did
not wish for any protection. Upless I mistake
the words I used, I said we did not wish for
more protection than we now had; that is all.
Mr. SCHENCK. Iliope, afterthesespeeches
on "burlaps"—as must be known to all who
listened, [laughter]—we will now have a vote
on the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I modify my amendment
so that it shall read, "on burlaps of jute, *25
per cent, ad valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On liomp or jute carpets, caipcting or matting, 8
cents por sauuro yard: find on mats of jute, hemp,
flax, or cocoanut fibro, 35 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read, so as to leave the law as
it now stands.
Sir. BANKS. How will that leave the
duty ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman state the reason for his motion?
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike it out more
for the purpose of hearing some reason given
for putting it in. I understand that the duty
on these articles will be, under this provision,
about the same as under the existing law. If
it proposes a reduction of the duty I will not
press my motion to strike out; if it proposes
an increase of duty, then I will insist upon my
motion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It pro-
poses a very large reductiou.
Mr. ALLISON. If that is so, then I will
withdraw my motion.
Mr. BANKS. 1 think it would bo better to
strike it out.
Mr. ALLISON. I have been unable to find
these articles in the wool tariff of 18GT. 1 hope
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Sciiexck] will give us some in-
formation on this subject.
Mr. SCIIEXCK. This paragraph aggregates
quite a number of articles which are now sub-
jected to quite a number of rates of duty. Some
we put at 8 cents per square yard and others
at 35 per cent, ad valorem. Under the present
law I he rates on some of these articles are Gi
cents per square yard, on others 8 cents per
square yard, on others 40 per cent, ad valorem,
and ou others 30 per cent, ad valorem. In this
paragraph wc propose but two rates: 8 cents
per yard and 35 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I understand that the
duty on some of the articles is increased and
on some it is reduced, but that ou the whole
the duties are about the same.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is quite a reduction
upon the mass.
Mr. ALLISON. Having obtained consid-
erable information, I will withdraw my motion
to strike out.
No amendment was offered to the paragraph.
The Clerk road as follows :
On mats, matting, and carpoUug made of bus.! or
linden-wood bark, 15 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROOKS, of Now York. Is not that
a new duty?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; the duty i3 now
about 35 per cent, ad valorem,. These are very
cheap goods, not made in this country, and
they do not come in competition with anything
made iti this country.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Icamiotfind
linden-wood bark in the existing tariff.
Mr. BANKS. I would like to know the
necessity for reducing this duty.
Mr. SCHENCK. Because the article is a
very cheap one, which is not made in this coun-
try, and which does not come into competition
wjth auy domestic interest.
Mr. BANKS. These mattings and mats
from wood fiber are manufactured in my dis-
trict. -
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Lin den-
wood bark? -
Mr. BANKS. Not' of that pastioular arti-
cle, but of wood fiber ; and I want -the doty
increased, not diminished.
Mr. ALLISON. If the article is manufac-
tured in the gentleman's district the duty ought
to be increased. [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. Certainly. It ought not at
any rate to be reduced, as it oomes in competi-
tion with whatis produced in the West, for the
protection of whose products the tariff seems
to be exclusively arranged.
Mr. SCHENCK. These articles come in
under unenumerated articles at 85 per cent.;
and as they are vory cheap, this is a large duty.
Hence wo have placed them among these very
cheap articles the duty on which is fixed at 15
per cent.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the par-
agraph so as to make the duty 85 per cent.,
the same that it is at present. I may as well
state now my reason for this proposition,
because I pi'opoao to call the attention of (he
committee to this subject in connection with a
subsequent paragraph. In the district which
1 represent there is one of those mischievous
men who seem so much to disturb tho equa-„
nimity of the Committee of Ways and Means—
a man who hag created a new anil profitable
industry which utilizes materials that were
before regarded as entirely valueless. Por half
a century or more rattans have been imported
into this country for the purpose of seating
chairs. Tho four sides of the rattan are stripped
the polished bark, leavir.ga pith,which is in size
about three fifths of the whole stick, intact and
perfect. That pith was for a long time regarded
as worthless. It was not likothe refuse flax of
which gentlemen have spoken. It could not
be burned in tho fields where it was found ; it
could not be used in any way ; it was with'great
difficulty that it could bo carted away ; it was
an unmanageable article, good for nothing and
in the way of everybody. [Laughter.]
One of my constituents conceived the idea
of weaving this into mats and other useful
household articles. He conceived for the first
time the idea of putting it to profitable use;
created the process of manufacture; invented
new and ingenious machinery for the manu-
facture; arranged the means of getting his
articles to market, and of importations of the
material necessary to supply the wants of his
manufacture. IIo thus turned to a great
variety of profitable uses this article of waste
and annoyance which had been considered as
utterly useless. And in this way ho has estab-
lished one of tho most successful and most
interesting and novel manufactures that can
be found in this or any other country. Ho has
thus given employment to hundreds of men
and women; and he lia3 increased tho pros-
perity of tho town in which he resides to a
greater extent than any other single industry
existing in that part of the country. This man
is Mr. Cyrus Wakefield. Out of the rattan
pith ho makes mats, ropost twine, brashes,
brooms, mattresses, chairs, tables, carpets, aiid
a great variety of other articles which are
used by families all over the country. His
work is executed in excellent taste, and many
of the articles are colored with all the hues of
the Tyrian dies. There is as much of elegance
as of utility in many of his products. The ex-
tent lo which he has carried this manufacture
would, I have no doubt, astonish many mem-
bers of this House. He has built up this in-
dustry out of what had been considered a
worthless material.
Now, the duty upon mats made of thi? wood
fiber or pith, of which from 30,000 to 50,000 are
made each year, has heretofore been 35 per-
cent., and it ought not now to be reduced to
15, as is proposed in the bill under considera-
tion. X have here a letter from the gentleman,
the founder of this industry, to whom I have
