1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3645
favor of the lax system of obtaining divorces
which obtains in many of the States of the
Union, and I have never been in favor of it.
I know there are grave objections to such a
system viewed from many stand-points. Viewed
from the religious stand-point, there are many
and grave objections in the minds of many of
the good people of the country. But I think
the most of the objections from the religious
stand-point are in relation to a divorced party
marrying again ; not so much to the granting
of divorces as to the subsequent marriage of
the divorced party.
So far as a liberal system of granting divorces
is concerned I do not think there are such
grave objections to it as many people seem
to suppose. In the minds of most persons
who clamor so loudly against the granting of
divorces the offense seems to be in marrying
after divorce, and, perhaps, to divorce being
granted except for certain causes. . But we
may as well conform ourselves to the condition
of things that surrounds us. The tendency in
many of the States is to greater liberality upon
the subject of divorces, and the result is that
when a person is residing in a State that is not
liberal upon that subject, if he desires to ob-
tain a divorce he goes to some other State
which is more liberal, and there he succeeds
in obtaining a divorce, after which he returns
to the place of his former residence. Now,
while we are about it, I think we may as well
conform somewhat to the tendencies of the
time, at least sufficient to prevent persons who
want divorces from emigrating to other States—
to my own State, if you please. I know that
my own State has a bad reputation on this sub-
ject, but much of it is undeserved.
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. COOK. 1 would ask the gentleman if
he would have this District enjoy the same bad
reputation which he says attaches to his own
State ? And would he have parties come here
to the District of Columbia to reside for the
space of two years for the purpose of obtaining
divorces?
Mr. NIBLACK. I understand that in the
gentleman's own State of Illinois two years is
the limit for desertion j and I think that is a
very fair average time, everything considered.
We have heretofore made the District of Co-
lumbia a sort of experimental garden in which
Congress should try its peculiar notions; and
I do not see why we should not try this experi-
ment here on the subject of divorces.
Mr. COOK. The experiment was tried in
Indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK. The District of Columbia
has not heretofore demanded much considera-
tion of Congress, and I think we have not given
much attention to either the morals or the
rights of the citizens of the District of Colum-
bia; not so much as we ought at least.
Mr. MAYN ARD. I desire to say a single
word upon this, subject. I think we ought not
to treat this matter in any spirit of banter or
levity, because it is a serious matter, affecting
the best interests of society. It seems to me
that we should fix this term as nearly as pos-
sible to conform to the term that obtains in the
various States of this Union, or at least in a
majority of them. In my own State, and gen-
erally in my part of the country, two yeara is
the limit fixed for the time of desertion.
Mr. WELKER. In most of the western
States the limit is three years.
Mr. MAYNARD. Not in Indiana, nor in
Illinois, as I understand from the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. WELKER. It is one year in Indiana.
Mr. MAYNARD. The term in my State is
two years, and so it is in other States around
us. I think we ought to bring it as near as
possible to the general law of the land on that
subject.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to offer a single
amendment in regard to drunkenness.
Mr. NIBLACK. One word more in regard
to my motion, and then I shall not occupy the
floor further. In all that I have said I want it
distinctly understood that I am not the advo- 1
cate of those extremely liberal laws which pre-
vail in many of the States upon the subject of
divorces. I make my motion in view of the
circumstances which surround us, and with the
object of bringing the laws of this District into
conformity, as nearly as may be in this re-
spect, to the laws generally prevailing in the
States, so that residents of this District may
not be driven to the supposed necessity of
resorting to the courts of the States for the
purpose of obtaining divorces denied them !
here. This is the practical view which I take
of this question.
Mr. COWLES. I suppose it is unneces-
sary to make any extended reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack,] or those of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynahd.] The committee
propose a term of three years with regard to
all these grounds of divorce. If in framing a
law on this subject for the District of Colum-
bia we should attempt to make it conform to
the laws of the various States of the Union,
we should find ourselves at sea, because the
laws of no two States are alike in this respect.
It seems to me the period of three years is
short enough to be prescribed as the term be-
fore the expiration of which parties shall not
be permitted to come into court and ask to be
relieved from the most sacred obligations which
can be assumed. This period is not too long
a term to allow to a party against whom there
may be ground of complaint, so that he may (
i have an opportunity to reform, and thus obvi- j
' ate the necessity of an application to the courts, i
It seems to me the provisions of the bill are
fair and just, not oppressive to either party. j
Mr. NIBLACK. One single suggestion fur- ;
ther. There are grave doubts in my mind
whether for mere-abandonment a divorce ought
to be decreed at all; but this bill recognizes
abandonment as a sufficientground for divorce.
If we recognize this principle, then a term of
two years is sufficient to show the intent of the
party ; and this being sufficiently disclosed, it
seems to me unnecessary to keep the parties
, together longer, if they.are to be divorced at all.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Nib-
lack] by substituting these words:
But the court may, in its discretion, grant a divorce
where either of the above causes has continued for
the period of two years, upon proof of other gross
• misconduct of the party complained of.
I I wish to say that in my own State we have
| a provision of this kind, and it works well.
; By the law. of Maine abandonment for three
years, without the existence of any other .cir-
cumstances, is a sufficient ground for divorce ;
but the court may in its discretion grant a
divorce, after desertion for. two years, upon
proof of other misconduct, such, for instance,
as gross intemperance, (although not of that |
continuous character necessary to constitute
in itself a ground for divorce,) or conduct in-
: consistent with the purity of the marital rela- !
tion, although absolute adultery may not be
proved. I think the provision embodied in
my amendment is much preferable to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Indiana,
j Mr. COWLES. I consent that the amend-
ment may be offered. I wish to say, however,
j that the committee thought it best that a defi-
! nite term of three years should be fixed so as
to leave nothing in this respect to the dis-
cretion of the court. The object sought in
the substitution of our amendment for the
Senate bill was to avoid the uncertainty which
there might be with reference to cases of this
j kind if the precise term were not prescribed
: by statute. If the amendment proposed by
i the gentleman from Maige [Mr. Petebs] be
i adopted, it will allow the courts to regulate
! this matter according to their own discretion,
1 and different judges may administer the law in .
different ways. It is desirable to have a uni-
formity of practice in this matter. Hence it
seems to me that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine should not receive the favor
of the House.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman will allow
me a moment. It fixes the tima at two years,
so that a party cannot obtain a divorce for
desertion during less than that time. That is
certain. In ordinary cases it is fixed at three
years. When the libelant proves that the
libelee has willfully and maliciously deserted
for two years, and at the same time been guilty
of other misconduct, such as intemperance of
a gross character, of habits not becoming a
man to live in a married condition, though
they may not amount to proof of adultery—a
difficult thing to prove—and a great many
other things, they are to be considered by the
court, in its discretion, as good ground for
divorce. It seems to me in every case a divorce
should be granted in three years for desertion.
It seems to me where there are other causes
it should be granted in less time, leaving that,
however, to the discretion of the court.
Mr. LA WREN CE. The bill now before the
House raises a question of grave and serious
importance. I believe I am opposed to the
bill as it came from the Committee for the
District of Columbia. Certainly I am opposed
to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] and to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters.] It is proposed by the gentleman
from Indiana that two years of willful absence
shall be sufficient ground for a divorce, to
which the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine adds, "or if the party shall happen to
be guilty of other gross misconduct." It seems
to me this bill, and especially if the amend-
ments proposed to be ingrafted upon it shall
be adopted, will furnish the means by which
"divorces may be made easy." The party
desiring may consult a lawyer and obtain legal
advice to know what is requisite to obtain a
divorce. He may absent himself willfully for
two years; and if he finds other gross miscon-
duct necessary to obtain a divorce in two years
he will add that to complete the cause. This
is simply an invitation to parties to separate
for the requisite time in order to obtain a di-
vorce. And if the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine is added, it is an invitation to
add the other causes in order to fill the bill.
, Now, as we have been legislating for the sup-
pression of polygamy in Utah by a bill which
has passed the House and is now pending in
the Senate, and have made loud professions in
favor of the sanctity of the marriage relation,
we ought not by any such proposition as the
one now before us to render this sacred rela-
; tion insecure and invite the means for its
: destruction.
Mr. PE TERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LAWPvENCE. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. Does the gentleman sup-
pose a divorce will be granted by the courts
on the proof of collusion between the par-
ties?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I understand all that.
When you furnish the means by which divorces
may be easily obtained you invite parties to
embrace the opportunities you furnish. Aparty
desiring a divorce will ask, not what he shall
do to be saved, not how he may remedy slight
difficulties, but how he may get rid of a wife,
or how a wife may get rid of a husband. Par-
I ties will be told by this act of Congress, if this
' bill shall pass, that absence for two years will
secure a divorce. Gentlemen may say that is
not all that it provides in order to obtain a
divorce. If the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine prevails, a party desiring to make
a cause for divorce will be advised that he must
be guilty of some other gross misconduct. He
will be invited to be guilty of that in order to
fill the bill. He can add drunkenness or any-
, thing else necessary to secure a divorce. There
