744
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
No. 80.—Joint Resolution relative to Trade
with British North American Provinces.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled,, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to
cause an inquiry to be made, for the inform-
ation of Congress, relative to the extent and
state of trade between the United States and
the several dependencies of Great" Britain in
North America; and that he is hereby author-
ized to designate a suitable person to make
such inquiry.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
No. 87.—Joint Resolution concerning the
Southern Pacific Railroad of California.
Beitresolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company of California may construct
its road and telegraph line, as near as may be,
on the route indicated by the map filed by said
company m the Department of the Interior on
the third day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven; and upon the construction of
each section of said road, in the manner and
within the time provided by law, and notice
thereof being given by the company to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, he shall direct an exam-
ination of each such section by commissioners
to be appointed by the President, as provided
in the act making a grant of land to said com-
pany, approved July twenty-seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, and upon the report of
the commissioners to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior that such section of said railroad and tel-
egraph line has been constructed as required
by law, it shall be the duty of the said Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause patents to be
issued to said company for the sections of land
conterminous to each constructed section
reported on as aforesaid, to the extent and
amountgranted to said company by the said act
of July twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, expressly saving and reserving all the
rights of actual settlers, together with the other
conditions and restrictions provided for in the
third section of said act.
Aypkoved, June 28, 1870.
No. 88.—Joint Resolution to amend Act of
July twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the appropriation of
forty thousand dollars for the survey of the
Isthmus of Darien, made in the actmaking
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending Juno thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and for
other purposes," approved July twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be, and the
same is hereby, so amended that said appro-
priation, or any part thereof, may be expended
under the direction of either the War Depart-
ment or the Navy Department, in the discre-
tion of the President.
Approved, June 28, 1870.
No. 80.—Joint Resolution donating Con-
demned Ordnance for a Soldiers' Monu-
ment at Poughkeepsie, New York.
Be it resolved by the Senate ami House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized to deliver to the
municipal authorities of the city of Poughkeep-
sie, New York, three condemned iron cannon,
two condemned brass cannon, and two hun-
dred round shot, to be used in the erection of
a soldiers' monument at that place.
Approved, June 28,1870.
No. 90.—JointResolution in relation to Female
Clerks in the Internal Revenue Bureau.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to continue in
employment, as now employed, the temporary
female clerks in the Bureau of Internal Reve-
nue, for the period of fifteen days from the
thirtieth of June instant, unless provision there-
for shall be sooner made by law.
Approved, June 29, 1870.
No. 91.—Joint Resolution relative to the Cham-
paign County, Ohio, Monumental Associa-
tion.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be and is authorized to donate to the Cham-
paign County (Ohio) Soldiers' Monumental
Association one condemned bronze or brass
gun, with which to make and place the statue
of a soldier on the monument erected, or to be
erected, by said association, out of any such
guns which the Government now has or may
hereafter have, and not required for public
use.
Approved, June 30, 1870.
No. 93.—A Resolution for the Relief of certain
Officers of the Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy is hereby authorized to organize aboard
of three officers, not below the grade of rear
admiral, who shall examine into the cases of
such officers as may deem themselves unjustly
passed over by promotions made in conformity
with the act of Congress approved July twenty-
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-six. This
board shall report their conclusions to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, who shall report the same
to Congress.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
No. 94.—A Resolution providing for the Ad-
mission of Photographs for Exhibition free
of Duty.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all photographic
pictures imported into the United States for
exhibition at the exhibition of the National
Photographic Association of the United States,
to be held at Cleveland, Ohio, commencing
June seven, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and not intended for sale, shall be admitted free
of duty, under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasuiy may prescribe :
Provided, That bonds shall be given for the
payment to the United States of such dutiesas
are now imposed by law upon any and all of
such pictures as shall not be reexported prior
to the first day of October, eighteen hundred
and seventy.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
No. 95.—A Resolution giving the Consent of
Congress to the Reception oT a certain Be-
quest by the State of New Jersey under the
Will of the late Edwin A. Stevens.
Whereas, Edwin A. Stevens, who was in his
lifetime the owner of the ship known as the
Stevens Battery, originally commenced under
contract for the United States Government,
and upon the building of which large sums of
money were spent by his brother and himself,
did, by his last will and testament, (the United
States having previously relinquished all claims
to said ship,) leave the same to be finished by
his executors, at an expense not exceeding the
sum of one million of dollars, and when fin-
ished to be offered to the State of New Jersey
as a present, to be by her received and dis-
posed of as the said State should deem proper ;
and whereas, doubts have been suggested as to
the right of the said State to accept the said
bequest, without the consent of Congress, un-
der the prohibition of tenth section of the first
article of the Constitution of the United States:
Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress is hereby given that the State of New
Jersey shall receive and dispose of the said
ship according to the terms and conditions of
said bequest.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
No. 96.—A Resolution to regulate the effect
of a Vote of the Thanks of Congress upon
Promotion in the Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a vote of thanks by
Congress to any officer of the Navy shall be
held to effect [affect] such officer only ; and
when, as an incident thereof, an officer who
would otherwise be retired, has been or is re-
tained on the active list, such retention shall
not interfere with the regular promotion of
others who would otherwise have been entitled
by law to promotion; and where any officer
has already been retired to a grade lower
than he would have been had the provisions
of this law been in force, he shall be entitled
to the same position as if they had been in
force at the time of his retirement: Pro-
vided, however, That no promotion shall be
made to fill a vacancy occasioned by the final
retirement, death, resignation, or dismissal of
an officer who has received a vote of thanks,
unless the number of officers left iu the grade
where the vacancy occurs shall be less than
the number authorized by law.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
No. 97.—A Resolution concerning the Pay of
Customs Officers in North Carolina.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of the twenty-
fifth of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, entitled " An act relative to collection
districts in North Carolina," in the first sec-
tion and the last clausc before the proviso,
shall be, and hereby is, so amended as to in-
clude the words "and commissions" after
the word "fees."
Approved, July 1, 1870.
No. 98.—A Resolution instructing the Presi-
dent to Negotiate with the Indians upon the
Umatilla Reservation, in Oregon.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States is hereby requested to negotiate
with the Indians upon the Umatilla reserva-
tion, in Oregon, with the view of ascertaining
on what terms said Indians will relinquish to
the United States all their claim or right to
said reservation, and remove to some other
reservation in said State, or Washington Ter-
ritory, or take lands in severalty, in quantities
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres
each, on their present reservation, and to re-
port to Congress; and to defray the expenses
of such negotiation the sum of two thousand
dollars is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, or
so much thereof as may bo necessary.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
