5334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul y.7i
Mr. ANTHONY. At the close of section
four I move to insert;
And any State having a fraction exceeding one
naif of the number required for a Representative
shall have one Representative added to its represent-
ation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is obvious,
I think, that Rhode Island will have a large
fraction, about one half.
Mr. POMERO Y. Will this add to the three
hundred?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be
seen by Senators that in sucli a case as that,
while ninety per cent, of Pennsylvania, Ohio,
or New York might be represented,- not more
than sixty or seventy per cent, of the people
of Rhode Island would be represented. Under
such circumstances it seems to me it would be
fair, if there was more than one half the num-
ber required for a Representative, to give an
additional member.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that
amendment. The fractions under one half
probably would balance those over one half,
so as to leave the number about the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the title
was aiafftded so as to read: "A bill to fix the
time fortlie election and provide for the ap-
portionment of Representatives and Delegates
in Congress."
EXKCCTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CONKLING-. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At half past four o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
M'ttRISOOR AND MISSOURI RIVER RAILWAY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The speoialorder
for this evening is the conference report on the
Army bill, upon which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is willing to yield to
me to call up a bill.
Mr. W1LS0N. I am willing to give way for
ten minutes ior action on brief bills that will
not take any time.
Mr. HARLAN. I have a bill that will lead
to 110 debate, and I hope the Senator will allow
me to call it up.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Ma ssachu-
setts yields to anybody I think he ought to yield
to me.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot yield to anything,
unless it is a very small matter which will lend
to no debate. 1 am willing to have such bills
considered for a few moments until a quorum
is here.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the'Senator from
Massachusetts to yield to me for one moment
to call up a little bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
are appealing 1o the Senator from Massachu-
setts. Does he yield ; and if so, to whom?
Mr. WILSON. I yield to the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Haulax.]
Air. HARLAN, i move to take up Senate
bill No. 477.
Mr. Vv 1LS0N. If it does noi take any time
I do not object, to that bill being called tip.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 477) to amend an act
entitled "An act for a grant of lands to the
State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a railroad in said State,"
approved May 12, 1864, and to grant lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
O'Brien connty, Iowa, to the Missouri river.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not ask to have the
original bill read, but I offer an amendment as
a substitute for the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute
will be reported in lieu of the original bill.
Mr. HARLAN. It has been examined very
carefully by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands and myself, and
I think is free from objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire of
my friend from Iowa which it is that gives the
least land, the original bill or the substitute?
I want the one read that gives the least.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know about .that.
This does not give any more than it ought to.
Mr. POMEROY. The substitute gives the
least.
Mr. HOWELL. There are some limitations
in the substitute that are not in the original
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let that be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. -The Secretary
will read the proposed substitute.'
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows :
That for the purpose of aiding in the construction of
a rail road from the western terminus of the McGregor
and^Missouri lliver railroad, in the State of Iowa,
to Yankton and to Springfield, Bonhomme county,
on the Missouri river, in Dakota Territory, and from
the Big Sioux river to a point on the Missouri river
between Fort llandail and Fort Thompson, there is
hereby granted to the McGregor and Missouri River
Railway Company, a corporation existing under the
laws of the State of Iowa, its successors and assigns,
every alternate section or parts of sections of public
lands designated by odd numbers, not granted, re-
served, or otherwise appropriated, and to which pre-
emotion or homesteadsettlements havenotattached,
to the amount of ten alternate sections per mile on
each side of said line of railroad built between the
points above designated.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That this grant of
land is made upon the following conditions: First,
that the said company shall build and putin opera-
tion said railroad to the Big Sioux river within three
years from the passage of this act, and to the Mis-
souri river, at Yankton, within live years from the
passage of this act, and from the Big Sioux river to
a point on the Missouri river, between Fort Randall
and Fort Thompson, within ten years from the pas-
sage of this act. Second, that the said road shall
be constructed and finished in astyle and of a quality
equal to the average of other first-cla^s railroads in
said State. Tofrd, said company whenever and so
often as it shall have constructed twenty miles of
railroad, as herein provided, west of the point of
crossing the hne of the proposed Sioux City and St.
Paul railroad, as provided in the act to which this is
an amendment, it shall be entitled to receive the
lands granted by this act which shall be situated
opposite to and conterminous with each completed
section: Provided, That if, when the map of said road
shall be filed with the Secretary of the Interior, any
of the odd-numbered sections or parts thereof sit-
uated within twenty miles of either side of the said
railroad shall have been otherwise granted, sold,
reserved, or appropriated, or legally claimed by pre-
emption or Homestead settlers, other lands desig-
nated by odd-numbered sections, in lieu thereof, to be
indicated by the Secretary of the Interior, within
twenty-jive miles of either side of said road and
conterminous therewith, are hereby granted for the
puiposes named in this net. Fourtn, the said Mc-
Gregor and Missouii River Railway Company, their
successors and assigns, shall, within one year from
the passage of thia act, file with the Secretary of the
Interior a map of their proposed line ol railroad
under this act, whereupon the said lands granted by
this act shall be wiuidiawn iroin market and home-
stead and preemption entry, except us hereinafter
provided. Filth, that all lands gianted by this act
which shall not be sold or disposed of by said com-
pany within three years after the entire road shall
have been completed, shall be subject to settlement
and preemption, like other lands at a price not ex-
ceeding $1 25 per acre, to be paid to said McGregor
and Missouii River Railway Company: 1'rovidvd,
That all lands granted by this act shall be at all times
subject to sale to actual settlers, being heads of fami-
lies, or single persons over twenty-one ycarsof age,
and citizens of the United States, or having declared
their intention to become such under the natural-
ization laws of the United States, not exceeding one
quarter section or one handled and sixt3r acres to
any one person, : t prices not exceeding on the aver-
age oO per acre, under sach rules and legalgiions
as the SocnHary yf the interior may prescribe.
Sec, 3. Andbeit further enacted, That a-right of way
not exceeding two hundred feet in width through all
public lands upon this line of railroad, also the right
to take necessary material, earth, and stone, and
grounds for suitable and convenient station-houses,
workshops, and other buildings, is hereby granted to
said McGregor and Missouri River Railroad Com-
.pany, and to their successors and assigns, not to
exceed forty acres in any one place; also the right
to bridge all streams crossed by the railroad, in such
a manner as not to impair their use for commercial
purposes.
Seu. 4. And be it further enacted. That the McGregor
and Missouri River Railway Company is hereby au-
thorized to change the location of said line of rail-
road, as made by said McGregor Western Railway
Company, so as to enable thom to make a direct or
nearly direct line westerly from Algona, in Kossuth
county, Iowa, to a point at or near Canton, in range
forty-nine, township ninety-eight, in Dakota: Pro-
vided, That it shallnot depart from the old line more
than twenty miles east of the west line of O'Brien
county.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it is hereby
declared to be the true intent and meaning of the
act passed May 12,1861, to which thi3 is an amend-
ment, that each of the two railroads named in isaid
act should, upon complying with the terms of said
act, be entitled to receive one half of the lands
granted, lying withih twenty miles of the point of
intersection of said railroads; that to this end they
shall be divided as follows: the odd sections lying,
west of the line of road from Sioux City to the Min-
nesota State line, and within ten miles of the line
of the McGregor and Missouri River Railroad Com-
pany, are hereby granted to the last-named company,
and the odd sections lying east of said line, and
within ten miles thereof, are hereby granted to the
State of Iowa, for the uses and purposes declared in
said act.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That any and all
lands heretofore reserved to the United States by
any act of Congress, or in any other manner by com-
petent authority, for the purpose of aiding in any
object of internal improvement, or other purpose
whatever.be, and the same are hereby, reserved and
excepted from the operation of this act, except so
far as it may be found necessary to locate the route
of said roads through such reserved lands, in which
case the right of way is hereby granted, subject to
the approval of the President of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the sections
and parts of sections of land which shall remain
belonging to the United States, after providing for
the amount granted by this act, the prescribed lim-
its on each side of said railroad, shall not be sold for
less than double the minimum price of publiclands:
Provided, That actual and bona fide settlers under
the preemption laws of the United States may, after
due proof of settlement, improvement, and occupa-
tion, as now provided by law, purchase the same at
the increased minimum price: And also provided,
That settlers under the provisions of the homestead
laws, who have located upon the same prior to the
passage of this act, and who comply with the terms
and requirements of said act, shall be entitled to
patents for an amount not exceeding eighty acres
eaph.
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted, That the United
States mail, troops, and munitions of war shall at
all times be transported on said line of railroad,
uuder the directions of the Secretary of War or the
Postmaster General, as the case may be, and at such
price as Congress may by law direct.
Sec. 9. And be %t further enacted, That if said Mc-
Gregor and Missouri River Railway Company, their
successors or assigns, shall neglect, refuse, or fail to
build said railroad as required by this act, then and
thereupon said lands, except so far as they shall have
been previously earned by the construction of said
railroad, shall revert to the United States.
Mx*. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is one
point in that bill which I think should be rem-
edied, and that is,-allowing the company to
make up deficiencies. It seems to me that
that is at war with the principle of raising the
price of the remaining lands where a railroad
may be chartered.
Mr. HARLAN. That is in every other rail-
road grant except the grant made to the Union
Pacific. Still, 1 shall not insist upon it indi-
vidually. The Senator refers to the provision
that there shall be a margin of twenty-five miles
within which to make up deficiencies.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the universal pro-
vision in all these grants.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. To go out of
the usual line to make up deficiencies 
Mr. HOWELL. Without discussing it, let
us take the sense of the Senate upon it. 1 am
willing to abide by whatever the Senate decides.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Vermont moves to strike out the proviso on the
third page, which allows the company to go
outside of the line for twenty-five miles to make
I up deficiencies.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
i dent, it may be necessary in some instances,
