2702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
referred. He says tbatthe duty upon imported
matting ought to be increased, but as he does
not think an increase will be granted, he insists
that the duty should not be reduced. In that
view he is assuredly right. It ought not to be
reduced. And certainly not to the extent pro-
posed, which is a reduction of more than 100
per cent.
Now, if the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has no pressing reason for
pressing this reduction I hope, in considera-
tion of the facts I have stated—and I have not
exaggerated them atall—he will allow the duty
to stand as it is in the present law. There is
no manufacture in this country which is more
interesting, more honorable to the parties en-
gaged in it, more beneficial to the community,
or more entitled to protection by legislation
than this varied domestic manufacture of mats,
carpets, chairs, tables, brooms, brushes, &c.,
from rattan fibers.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Why not
then strike out the whole clause?
Mr. BANKS. These mats are made out of
wood fiber, and as I am not acquainted with the
details of this bill as perfectly as the members
of the Committee of Ways and Means, I am
willing to follow the suggestion of my colleague,
if that will answer the purpose I have in view,
which is to protect against injury the articles
made from the rattan fiber; and I move, there-
fore, to strike out the whole clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. BANKS. I have moved an amendment
striking out the entire paragraph.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I am put
somewhat on the anxious seat by the eloquent
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
This matter of which he has given us an account
is more like the heavy butts of logs which one
of Mr. Lincoln's neighbors had upon some of
his land. As he told the story, "They were
too infernal heavy to roll, too darned soggy to
burn, and too tarnal tough to split; so he just
plowed all around them." [Laughter.]
This seems to be a materia], as the gentle-
man himself states, so utterly worthless and
useless that nothing but the labor bestowed on
it gives it any value. If I thought that was
just what is included in this paragraph I would
assent to the gentleman's proposition. This
refers to bass or linden-wood bark only. The
committee were informed in the general sum-
ming up of unenumerated articles not other-
wise provided for there was a kind of'mat
made of this bark which no one was interested
in having protected, but very cheap and use-
ful to those wanting this sort of furniture, and
therefore we proposed to put the duty down
on it. The gentleman will find rattan and
other wood fiber are provided for in the next
paragraph. It is there provided : "On mats,
matting, and carpeting of vegetable materials,
not otherwise provided for in this act," the duty
is put at 30 per cent, ad valorem. Unless the
mats of which he speaks are actually made of
bass or linden-wood bark this paragraph does
not apply to them.
Mr. BANKS. If that be so I will withdraw
my amendment for the present. I will read a
sentence from the letter to which I have re-
ferred : "I presume it will be difficult for you
to increase the present duty on mattings and
mats, although 1 should like to see it done."
If this paragraph does not affect materially
the manufacture of mattinga produced from
wood fiber I will not insist on my amendment,
and therefore withdraw it.
The Clerk read as follows:
On mats, matting, and carpeting of vegetable
materials, not otherwise provided for in this act,
thirty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I move to strike out the
words "in this act," and after the word "not"
insert the word "herein."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On yarns tinglo, of llax or hemp, or of the tow of
flax or homp, or of jute, coir, grass, or fiber, and on
all manufactures of flax, jute, hemp, cocoanut fiber,
or like vegetable matorials not otherwise provided
for, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BANKS. I move to strike out the words
"coir," in line three hundred and six, and
" cocoanut fiber," in lino three hundred and
seven, and that both these articles bo placed
upon the free list. If that cannot be done I
wish the duty to stand as it now is.
Mr. Chairman, the manufacture of which I
have already spoken is one affected materially
by these two articles. It will be obvious to
the committee that the manufacture of pith of
rattan, a very unmanageable articlc, in order to
effect its transformation into the various arti-
cles of household furniture that I have named,
requires the assistance of a more pliable ma-
terial, and coir yarn and cocoanut fiber are used
for that purpose. These are, in fact, raw
materials ; although the first is styled a yarn,
and is specified as coir yarn, it is also in fact
a raw material.
Mr. Wakefield, the manufacturer of whom
I have spoken, says in the letter to which I
have referred:
"It might possibly ho declared to you that these
yarns are not strictly a raw material since they are
called yarns; but the making of the yarn is a pecu-
liar knack of tho natives of the country whence they
come, and has so far defied imitation by civilized
skill and machinery. We use it as a raw material
only. I find that to fully develop my rattan goods
I must use largo quantities of these yarns."
Now, sir, the object of imposing duty on
manufactured goods imported from abroad is
to protect our manufactures from the competi-
tion of civilized nations where labor is much
cheaper; but this article is not of that char-
acter.
The peculiar structure of these yarns cannot
be imitated cither by hand or by machinery,
and yet they are necessary to this manufacture.
I regret that I cannot in form the committee of
the extent to winch this remarkable industry
has been carried. But I will state a fact which
illustrates its success, as well as the character
of the people who are engaged in it. Itorigin-
ated ten or fifteen years since in the town of
South Heading, and has given employment to
several hundred people, and the succcss with
which it has been prosecuted is among the
most striking and remarkable results of in-
vention and enterprise to bo found in our
industrial history.
The town of South Reading numbers several
thousand people. It is among the oldest towns
in New England; and yet the success of this
single manufacture and the liberality of the
gentleman who has created it have b^n of
such a marked character that the people have
changed the ancient and honorable name of
'' South Reading" to that of " Wakefield," in
honor of the creator of this industry. And out
of the profits which he has derived from his
businesshe has generously fostered every public
and private interest of Ihe country and tho
locality of which heisa citizen. Hehasbeen the
patron of schools, libraries, lyceums, churches,
and all the institutions which are insepar-
ably identified with New England civilization.
Among other beneficent public acts he has
erected at his own cost a public building for
the use of the town, known in our part of the
country as a "town house." It is among the
most elegant structures of that class to be found
in that part of the country.
I do not ask for him the aid of the Govern-
ment. On the contrary, I say that if you will
leave New England alone we will not demand
protection from the Government beyond what
may be properly conferred in the arrangement
of tariffs for the collection of the revenue neces-
saryto itssupport. But when you strike against
our industry on every hand; when you put upon
ns taxes in every shape, of every character, and
give protection to other interests, we must come
in too ; not, sir, in order that we may attain
success, because that we can achieve, as has
been done in so many instances besides that I
have named, by the enterprise, genius, and
thrift of our people; but that we may stand
with them upon level ground and contend with
them upon equal and fair terms, with a chance
of success against those who are rivals, if not
enemies, in other parts of the couutry.
Mr. SCHENCK, I desire to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman in regard to these
various matters. We have lumped together
in one paragraph a number of things at 40 per
cent., of which some are now at a duty of 30
per cent, some 35 per cent.., some 40per cent.,
some 5 cents a pound, and some 1| cents a
pound, ranging between very different rates of
duty, and we supposed it better to reduce them
to one. Thecoiryarnisworthsome7 or 8 cents,
the duty on it now being 1J cents a pound.
I do not suppose that it matters much whether
it is placed on the free list or not. And the
cocoanut fiber may go with it.
Mr. BANKS. That is all I want.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not so instructed by
the committee, but I think there will be no
objection to striking out the two articles from
this paragraph and putting them on the free
list.
Mr. BANKS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SciiBjfOK,] I will
occupy a momept in stating the extent of this
manufacture. My colleague from the Worces-
ter district [Mr. Hoab] has brought me the
statistics of Massachusetts manufactures for the
year 18G5.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, I desire to state that I consent to putting
cocoanut fiber on the free list. But coir stands
on a different footing.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I have an
amendment which I desire to offer with regard
to that article.
Mr. SCHENCK. In a moment. This para-
graph embraces "yarns single, of flax or hemp,
or of the tow of flax or hemp," <fcc., whereas
coir is never brought in as a single yarn, but
only as double. 1 would prefer to strike out
cocoanut fiber and put it on the free list, and
let a separate provision be made for coir, which
does not answer the description of "single
yarns." The gentleman's colleague, [Mr.
Brooks,] who is familiar with the subject, has
an amendment to offer.
Mr. BANKS. Before that amendment is
offered I ask the committee to vote on trans-
ferring cocoanut fiber to the free list.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now
to move to transfer that article to the free list.
The gentleman may move to strike it out.
Mr. BANKS. Then I modify my amend-
ment, and move to strike out the words " co-
coanut fiber," in the three hundred and seventh
line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment:
After lino three hundred and four insert "on coir
40 per cent, ad vu?ort>m;" and in line three hundred
and six strike out the word "coir; "so that the clause
will read, "on eoir, 40 per cent, ad valorem."
On yarns single, of llax or hemp, or of the toiv of
flax or hemp, or of .kite, grass, or fiber, and on all
manufactures of flax, jute, hemp, cocoanut fiber or
like vegetable materials, not otherwise provided for,
■10 per cent, ad valorem.
My sole purpose in offering the amendment
is to so alter the phraseology of the paragraph
that the word " single" shall apply to all the
articles embraced in the paragraph except coir.
Coir yarns come in the form of two strands,
and if the paragraph remained as it is now it
might be considered cordage, which is pro-
vided for with a larger duty. It is never im-
ported except in the form of double strands.
I think there can be no objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, obtained the
floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman might
accomplish his object by moving to amend the
paragraph so that it shall read, "on coir yarns
and yarns single of flax or hemp," &c.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Myamend-
