3646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
are men of that sort, I regret to say. For the |
sake of humanity 1 hope they may not be >
uumerous. but still there are very many such,
I have no doubt.
Mr. MUKGEN'. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that the court would grant n divorce as
the result of a party's own wrong-doing? that
is, does he suppose that the collusion he states
between the parties would be considered good
ground for a divorce?
Mr. LAWRENCE. A wife either at the
instigation of her husband, on cause furnished
by him, or without such instigation, could ob-
tain a divorce, and it -will be impossible for
courts to know of collusion since neither party
can testily. But if we do not furnish the facil-
ities for divorce proposed toy this bill parties
will become reconciled, settle their differences,
learn to subdue their passions, and improve
themselves in the way of well doing, and thus
preserve the sanctityof the marriage relation,
avoid the evils to parties, to children, to the
public, and to the cause of good, resulting
from the breaking up of the family relation.
The result would be that many who under this
law would absent themselves for the requisite
time would continue to reside with their wives
and learn to be good husbands, and the land
would be blessed with happy homes. But pass
this bill and this capital city wili be cursed with
homes destroyed, families broken up, children
left to destitution and crime, and society will
be shocked with scenes of degradation and
distress.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am amazed that the
Committee for the District of Columbia, with
such intelligence as I know it possesses 
A Member. In times past.
Mr. INGEItSOLL. A committee which in
times past possessed so much intelligence
ehoold at this time report a bill with the pro-
visions this bill contains. What does it pro-
pose? To offer the relief of divorce to hus-
bands and wives in certain cases; bat what
cases! and what causes I Your bill compels a
wife to live with a drunken sot for three con-
tinuous years before she can be divorced by
any court in this District. I say this is bar-
barons. I ask the Clerk to read the second
section of the substitute.
The Clerk read as follows:
Cruelty of treatment endangering the health or
life of the party complaining.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is, cruelty of treat-
ment going to that degree that it endangers the
health or life of the woman; and this is to
continue for three years! [Cries of "No!"
"No!"] The section says so, I insist upon
it. Let the Clerk read that section again.
The Clerk read as follows:
Cruelty of treatment endangering the health or
life of the party complaining.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Now read the next sec-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Willful desertion and abandonment by the party
complained against of the party complaining for tho
fall uninterrupted space of three years.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know very well what
I am talking about. And I call my colleague
[Mr. Cook] to bear me witness that this was
the interpretation given to a similar enactment
in the State of Illinois, where the cruelty or
desertion was continuous for two years. I know
that this was the case, and ray colleague knows
it, and there is no guarantee in this bill that
the conrt will not construe that language pre-
cisely a* oar courts in the State of Illinois have
construed it.
Mr. WELKER. I beg to state to the gentle-
man that we have the same provision in the
State of Ohio, and that the construction he is
contending for is not given to it there.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not care what the
provisions are in Ohio or in Illinois. I know
what are the provisions in this bill now before
the House. I believe, sir, that this bill is far
behind the enlightened sense of this Honse.
Yon had better have no bill for divorce than
trifle with the rights of these people in this
wny. If yon propose that a woman shall have
a divorce front her husband, or a husband from
his wife, why not give them relief before they
are worn out by old age? By this bill you
require three years of habitual, sottish drunk-
enness before you allow a divorce! You require
three years of continuous cruel treatment that
shall endanger her life. And who, pray, shall
be the judge of that? The court, and not the
woman. She comes forward and makes her ,
complaint, but the court does not consider that
the cruelty she charges endangers her life, and
remands her back to the man she fears and
dreadsl What! You compel her to risk her
life again! And more; you condemn the woman
to be abandoned by her husband for three
long years before you allow her to apply for a
divorce! 1 ask what isthegist of this offense?
Is it not the willfulness of the desertion ? Must
it continue for three years to establish that ?
How much is the offense aggravated by its con
tinuing three years instead of one? I say that
the willfulness of the desertion is the very gist
of this cause for o divorce ; and yet you compel j
the woman to go on withoutany possible relief j
and with no hope for it, except the hope that
the moral monster who has deserted her shall
generously die in the mean time. OurownState,
(Illinois) makes the period but two years, and
other States make it two. I think one year
of willful desertion of a wife should entitle her
to a divorce on that ground. I ask the Clerk
to read the first section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Habitual drunkenness for a period of three years
on the part of the party complained against.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Habitual drunkenness
is a cause for divorce in our State, bnt it need
not continue more than two years. Hence
this bill will put the District of Columbia one
year behind the State of Illinois under a statute !
passed thirty years ago. Is not two years long
enough to force awoinan to live with a drunken
husband?
Mr. WELKER. That is not now a ground
! for divorce in the District of Columbia at
all.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It onght to be. I tell
the gentleman that statutes of the State of Mary-
land are still in forcc here which would make
a man blush to hear them read. And because
yon find no law for the protection of women
here, or allowing them divorces, do you pro-
pose for that reason to deprive them of rights
anil privileges enjoyed by them in the States?
Mr. WELKER. This will make it better
for them than it is now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I admit it is better to
relieve them in three years than not at all.
But when a divorce is sought for willful deser-
tion is not one year of such desertion long
enough? You, gentlemen of the committee,
< in reporting this bill, say that itis not. But
in your hearts yon mast confess that a year
of abandonment and desertion or two years
of habitual drunkenness should entitle a wife
to be divorced from a vagabond who bears to
her the relation of husband. Unless the gen-
tleman who has charge of the bill wiH allow
amendments to be offered to it I shall move to
lay it on the table.
Mr. COWLES. I now yield to the chairman
of the committee, Mr. Cook.
Mr. COOK. My colleague from Illinois [Mr.
Ingersoli,] is utterly and entirely mistaken in
supposing that the Illinois statute to which be
has referred was ever construed by any court
in the State of Illinois as requiring the cruelty
to continue for a space of two years in order to
constitute cause for a divorce. No decision
implying snch a construction was ever ren-
dered in the courts of Illinois. The language
of the statute is, "extreme and repeated cru-
elty," and in construing that statute the courts
have held that one act of cruelty is not suffi-
cient, but that the acts of cruelty must be re-
peated. Bat never in any court in the State of
Illinois haB the decision been made under that
statute that the acts of cruelty shall be con-
tinued for tho space of two years. My colleague
is entirely mistaken in relation to that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow roe to say that
I have heard several decisions made myself.
Mr. COOK. In what court?
Mr. INGEItSOLL. In several circuit courts
in the State of Illinois.
A Member. I call for the record.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I can produce the record.
Mr. COOK. I will modify my statement and
say that no such decision was ever made out-
side of the county of Peoria.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Oh, yes; many.
Mr. COOK. No such decision has been
made by tlie supreme court of the State.
Mr. SHANKS. I would nsk whether at this
stage we can substitute the Indiana statute of
divorce? I think it is liberal enough for any
district or State.
Mr. COOK. I ask the attention of the House
for one moment to this proposition. The diffi-
culty in relation to these statutes of divorce is
this: our Illinois statute and all the statutes of
other States like it amount to simply this: that
when parties mutually desire a divorce they
take advantage of the two years' limitation, and,
living separate for two years, obtain a divorce
by mutual consent. You might just as well
make the statute read that parties desiring a
divorce may have it on their own motion. That
is what the committee sought to avoid in this
bill. It requires such a length of time that the
parties cannot take advantage of it to dissolve
the marriage relation by mutual consent. If
we propose to legislate that this holiest of ties
shall be thrown off by parties whenever they
choose, from any motive or for any reason to
do it, then adopt the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to know
if my colleague thinks that a man would con-
sent to become an habitual drunkard for three
years in order that his wife might obtain a *
divorce from him ? [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. 1 desire to ask
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] who
is a member of the committee which reported
this bill whether, under the operation of the
bill, the same reasons for a divorce would
apply to the husband as to the wife?
Mr. COOK. Precisely. I protest against
the adoption of this amendment, because I fore-
see that-if the amendment shall beadopted the
District of Columbia will be made as famous
in the history of divorces as some portions of
my own State, I am sorry to say, and also the
State of Indiana, have been made by parties
seeking refuge there for the space of two years,
by mutual consent, for the purpose of having
a divorce decreed. We are striking at the very
foundations of society when we make these
divorce laws so loose. I appeal to the House
not to modify the bill as reported by the com- .
mittee, and I call the previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let us vote the previous
i question down, and then amend the bill so as
\ to put it in a respectable shape.
The question was put on seconding the pre-
; vious question ; and there were—ayes 70, noes
30; no quorum voting.
i Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cowles and
! Mr. Ixgersoll were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 86, noes 35.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, being
first on the amendment to the amendment
moved by Mr. Peters.
The question was put; and the amendment
to the amendment was disagreed to—ayes
twenty-five, noes not counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Niblack's
amendment, to strike out "three" and insert
"two;" so as to make the time of abandon-
ment two years; and being put, the amendment
was agreed to—ayes 76, noes 42.
The substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time, and passed.
