1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8647
Mr. COWLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. *
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDUCATION IN' TIIK DISTRICT OF COLUMDIA.
Mr. HAMILTON, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 206G) to provide a uniform system of
education for the District of Columbia ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will reserve
my right to raise points of order on this bill
until after it is read.
The bill was theu read at length.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The four-
teenth section of this bill provides for taking out
of the Treasury of the United Stales one fourth
of the amount of money needed to carry on the
system of education provided for by this bill. I
therefore raise the point of order that this bill
makes an appropriation of money, and must,
under the rule, receive its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
order of business.
Mr. COOK. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole, for
the purpose of considering the bill to provide
for the paving of Pennsylvania avenue.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot,
in order, move to go into the Committee of the
Whole for the purpose of considering a par-
ticular bill. He can make a general motion
to go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COOK. Then I will make that motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot the Com-
mittee of the Whole pass over the bills one by
one, as they come up, until some particular
bill is reached which they wish to consider?
The SPEAKER. They can, except in the
case of special orders made by the House.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] will withdraw that motion
until I can have an evening- session ordered
for the consideration of the diplomatic and
consular appropriation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order,
or rather to a parliamentary inquiry.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentlemanwillstateit.
Mr. RANDALL. If the House now goes
into Committee of the Whole, must we not pro-
ceed to consider the first bill on the Calendar ?
•Mr. COOK. That is what I want.
The SPEAKER. The House by a positive
rule has assigned the third Friday of each
month, from two o'clock until adjournment, to
the consideration of business from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia. It is for
the House to determine whether that consid-
eration shall be in the House or in Committee
of the. Whole.
Mr. COOK. I only propose to consider in
Committee of the Whole the bill for the paving
of Pennsylvania avenue, which is the first bill
on the Calendar.
Mr. DAWES. Before we go into Commit-
tee of the Whole, I wish to ask consent of the
House to order a session to-night, for the pur-
pose of considering the diplomatic and consular
appropriation bill in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will make that motion.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would not
be in order at this time.
Mr. COOK. I insist upon my motion to go
into Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule, if the
House shall now go into Committee of the
Whole it must be for the consideration of busi-
ness relating to the District of Columbia.
Thequestion was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Cook; and it was agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 77, noes 41. _
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Paine in the
chair.)
l'ayinq of pennsylvania avenue.
The CHAIRMAN. The House is now in
Committee*of the Whole for the purpose of
considering business relating to the District
of Columbia. The first bill in order is Senate
bill No. 90, to provide for the paving of
Pennsylvania avenue, which has been reported
from the Committee for the District of Colum- ,
bia with sundry amendments.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent that
the first reading of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I object.
The bill was then read at length. The first
section provides that Edward Clark, architect '
of the Capitol extension ; A. B. Mullet, super-
vising architect of the Treasury extension ;
Sayles J. Boweti, mayor of Washington city ; '<
and Brevet Brigadier General N. Michler, en-
gineer in charge of public buildings and grounds,
and Charles II. Nichols, or their successors in
office, shall be appointed a commission to select 1
and determine the best kind of pavement to be
used in paving Pennsylvania avenue, and to |
have said thoroughfare paved therewith from
the northwest gate of the Capitol grounds to |
the crossing of Fifteenth street west, as here-
inafter provided.
The second section provides that within ten
days after the passage of this act the commis-
sioners named herein shall meet and organize
by the election of a president and secretary
from among their number, and shall proceed
to perform the duties herein devolved upon
them ; and within thirty days after they shall
havo determined upon the pavement to be used
they shall contract for the paving of said avenue
between the points named on the lowest and
uiost favorable terms possible, requiring the
paving to be done in the best and most sub-
stantial manner,and without unnecessary delay,
and that a good and sufficient bond, with sure-
ties, to be approved by the chief justice of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia,
guarantying that the terms of such contract
shall be strictly and faithfully observed.
The third section provides that the cost of
laying down said pavement shall be borne and
paid for in the following proportions and man-
ner : by the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Com pany, for that portion of the work lying
between the tracks of their road, and for a dis-
tance of two feet on each side thereof; by the
owners of private property lying and abutting on
said Pennsylvania avenue, and in proportion to
their frontage thereon, for that portion of the
work in front of their lots or parts of lots from
I the curb line of said avenue twenty-two feet
! outward, on each side of the avenue; by the
' corporation of Washington for the intersections
of all numeral streets, including the sidewalks
to the building line, except such portions of
the intersections lying between the tracks of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, and two feet on each side thereof, which
will be paid by said company, as hereinbefore
provided; and that the residue of pavement
lying between the part paid for by private own-
ers and that paid for by the railroad company,
shall be paid for by the United States Govern-
ment; that where public reservations front or
bound on said Pennsylvania avenue, or where
avenues or lettered streets intersect it, said res-
ervations and intersections shall be paid for by
the Government of the United States; pro-
vided that the cost of laying such pavement
! shall not exceed the sum of four dollars per
I square yard.
! The fourth section provides that the assess-
! ment contemplated in the foregoing section
shall be made by the commission above author-
ized, and the sums so found due shall be col-
lected and held, but as a special fund by the
collector of Washington, in accordance with
existing laws; and the moneys so collected and
held shall be paid by him to the contractors for
the work above authorized on the warrant or
order of the said commission in such amounts
and at such times as they may deem safe and
proper in view of the progress of the work.
The fifth section provides that if the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company, or
any private citizen, or other corporation er per-
son, shall neglect or refuse to pay the amount
assessed for the paving herein authorized (with-
in thirty days after the notification of such
assessment shall have been left at the property
assessed) in front of or adjoining their prop-
erty, when the work so fronting or adjoining
their property shall have been completed to
the satisfaction of the commission and assessed
by them, the said commission shall issue cer-
tificates of indebtedness against the property,
which certificates shall bear interest at the rate
of ten per cent, per annum until paid, and
which, until they are paid, shall remain and be
a lien upon the property on or against which
they are issued ; and that if the said certificates
are not paid within one year, the said commis-
sion shall, upon the application of the holder
thereof, proceed to sell property against which
they are issued, "or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay said tax, such sales to be first
duly advertised, daily, for three successive
weeks, in some newspaper published in the
city of Washington, and to be made at public
auction to the highest bidder ; and a deed given
by the commission in pursuance hereof shall
be deemed and held to be a good and perfect
title to any property bought at such sale hereby
authorized; provided that the owner of said
real estate shall have the right to redeem the
property sold by paying the amount of purchase-
money and twenty per cent, on the amount of
the said purchase within one year from the date
of the sale.
The sixth section provides that so much
money as may be necessary to pay the amount
found due from the United States as above
provided be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated out of any moneys in the public Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated ; and the same
shall be paid on the requisition of the commis-
sion in the amounts and at the times indicated
in the fourth section of this act, as other pub-
, lie moneys are disbursed, provided that the
amount of this appropriation shall not exceed
I the sum of $180,000.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent that
the amendments proposed by the committee be
acted on now before the bill is read by sections.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the amendmenis reported by the committee
will be acted on at this time.
There was no objection.
The first amendment was read, as follows:
Immediately after the cnacting clause strike out
the following:
' That Edward Clark, architect gf the Capitol
| extension; a. B. Mullett, supervising architect
J of the Treasury extension; Sayles J. Bowen, mayor
; | of Washington city, and Brevet Brigadier General
i N. Michler, engineer ill charge of public buildings
! and grounds, and Charles II. Nichol*.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior, Brevet Briga-
l dier General N. Michler, engineer in charge of pub-
! lie buildings and grounds, and the mayor of the city
i of Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
In linenine, after theword "possible," insert the
:l following:
After having caused notico of the letting thereof
to be given in one or more newspapers published
! in Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New
l' York, for twenty days prior totheletting, givingtho
I time and place of such letting, and kind of pave-
: ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
j The next amendment was read, as follows :
Page 3, line seventeen,insert after theword "pro-
vided " the following : .
The said railroad company shall have the right to
sclectthe material with which the pavement between
the rails on each track shall be made: Provided,
That thesaid pavementon said tracks shall be made
to the satisfaction of the commissioners.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be
read by sections for amendment.
