448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
January If
ever a Government becomes oppressive the
people have a right to change it at will!" I say
when this self-evident truth was declared by
Virginia's gifted son it awakened a thrill of joy
and gratitude in every freeman's heart; and
had that same hand gone further and .said.
" When we form.a Government separate from
England that Government should be made the
source of .power, to be dealt out to the people
as it pleases," would not those same freemen
have looked with distrust upon the future and
preferred to suffer the ills they had than by
revolution to fly to those they knew not off?
But if it be true, Mr. Speaker, as our states-
men in past years have always claimed, that
the people were the true source of all power,
and that our Federal or State Governments
can be changed at their wiH, how can that
principle be reconciled with the power claimed
by Congress in the passage of this bill? Sir,
it will not stand the touchstone of reason or
common sense, and viewed in the light of our
free institutions it must fall to the ground.
But granting for the sake of argument, Mr.
Speaker, that the power claimed in this bill
has been given to Congress, which I deny, and
you pass this biU, how will you enforce it?
How will you punish Virginia if after you ad-
mit her she should change her constitution in
the particulars named in this bill? That ques-
tion was well asked yesterday by my colleague
[Mr. Logan] of the gentleman in charge of the
bill, and was not and could not be answered,
unless we are willing to accept as sufficient the
answer of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cox,] ironically, "Put the bayonet into them."
This answer will do if our Government has
degenerated under Radical rule to a military
despotism simply. But if our people have the
right of self-government still, if we have still
a Republic, freemen will not sit idly by and
see the dearest rights of*man trampled under
the heel of the military without remonstrance.
But, Mr. Speaker, have we not already gone
far enough in legislation of this kind; is it not
high time for us to turn again to the paths of
our fathers? The war has ended ; the military
necessity claimed for iniquities like this dur-
ing its continuance has ceased. Then, upon
that principle let us no longer violate our Con-
stitution, but return to the old doctrine of strict
construction. Under its auspices our country
was always safe; and returning now as we may
to the old landmarks, the ship of State, with
sails full spread by gentle constitutional breezes,
will be wafted safely onward to her destined
haven during all time, having accomplished
the greatest good to the greatest number.
Mr. MeCORMICIC, of Missouri. Mr.
Speaker, the past history of Virginia and its
present position are interesting. Virginia was
one of the original Colonies, and when the
dark clouds of 1776 began to gather over this
land Virginia was one among the first colonies
to espouse the cause of constitutional liberty
in this country. It was reserved to one of the
sons of Virginia to pen the memorable Declara-
tion of Independence, upon which has been
reared the fabric of constitutional liberty in
this country.
Not only did Virginia take part in the Rev-
lution, which achieved the independence ofthis
country and the establishment of constitutional
liberty upon this continent, but she took a
prominent part in the maintenance of consti-
tutional liberty by the formation of this Gov-
ernment, which has spread its blessings over
the entire American people.
But, Mr. Speaker, in an hour of evil, in a
day of ruin for Virginia, she gave herself up
to the demon of secession, and her territory
became the principal field of the war of the
rebellion. She embarked in that war and
staked her all upon it; but she failed with the
other rebel States in the effort of the disrup-
tion of this Government. We well know that
no State in the South suffered more terribly
from the effects of the revolution than Virginia.
Her fair fields were desolated, her towns wer<^
burned, and at the close of the war more than
fifty thousand of her citizens lay in untimely
and bloody graves. Mourning and desolation
were in every household throughout that broad
Commonwealth.
She was conquered, she was subdued,
was vanquished, she was impoverished and
completely humbled at the cessation of hostil-
ities. Virginia then presented herself to the
Government of the United States, before the
Congress of the United States, and asked upon
what terms she might be restored to the sister-
hood of States. She dictated no terms, but
only asked to know upon what terms she might
again reach her position as one of the States
in the sisterhood of the Union. The Congress
of the United States by its own enactment
declared the terms upon which that State
might be restored to her relations with the
other States in the Union ; the terms upon
which she might be restored to all the rights,
privileges, and immunities of a sovereign State
in the Union.
It was provided that Virginia should comply
with all the reconstruction laws of Congress.
Last spring Congress declared that she should
prepare to enter into the Union by the submis-
sion of a constitution to her people, which if
adopted would entitle her to representation in
these Halls. It was enacted that it should be
optional with the President of the United States
to submit separately the test-oath of their con-
stitution and the clause disfranchising citizens
of that State. If they ratified the constitution
and rejected the section disfranchising the in-
habitants of that State, if they ratified the con-
stitution and rejected only the test-oath clause,
it was declared that it should be considered a
valid act. In all these things Virginia has
faithfully complied with the laws of Congress.
Now, sir, if we are disposed to deal in justice
and in equity with those people we cannot now
in good faith impose upon them other condi-
tions not deemed necessary at the time the
constitution was submitted to her people.
It seems as if some gentlemen are dissatis-
fied because Virginia did not of her own volition
disfranchise her own inhabitants. It seems
as if some gentlemen are dissatisfied that Vir-
ginia did not of her own volition impose a
test-oath upon allher people who might happen
to hold office' in her midst. Why should we
feel that Virginia is to blame for this ? The
question was submitted to the people, and they
had the right to take these conditions or reject
them as they might think best. Is Virginia to
be blamed because of her unwillingness to dis-
franchise her own citizens? Shall she be
condemned because she has not imposed a test-
oath which does altogether exclude the intel-
ligence of that State from a participation in
her government? They were permitted to
reject or to take these conditions as they might
think proper, and they so acted. Now, when
the people of Virginia have loyally performed
their part of the contract, we find a hesitation
on the part of Congress to do the very thing
which it most solemnly promised. We are
asked to impose additional restrictions and
conditions upon the admission of Virginia.
We see in this bill a disposition to ignore the
pledges made to the people of Virginia and
to impose conditions which this Congress
pledged should not be imposed upon them.
There is not, Mr. Speaker, a single condition
imposed upon Virginia by any of the recon-
struction acts of Congress which she has not
faithfully, fully, and entirely complied with.
And I believe, sir, it is tyrannical and oppress-
ive on the part of the Congress of the United
States now to impose upon her a test-oath of
the character and kind that is provided for in
this bill.
Mr. Speaker, if we are going to permit Vir-
ginia to become a State in the Union, if we
are going to permit the people of Virginia to
govern themselves, why should we not permit
them to have the most enlightened statesmen
within their limits to administer the affairs of
government for them ? Why should we impose
a test-oath upon the officials of the State of
Virginia which.will exclude the talented and
enlightened men of that State from taking part
ill the administration of its government? Sir,
such a course is unwise and unstatesmanlike.
If Virginia is entitled to a position in the
Union ; if she is entitled to regulate her own
internal affairs as a sovereign State, then she
should be permitted to elevate to office the
men of greatest genius and capacity among her
citizens. But under the system of test-oaths
the very men, and those alone who can well
administer the government of the State, and
conduct it with justice, with wisdom, and with
equity in the judicial, the legislative, and
executive departments of the government, are
debarred from taking any part in its adminis-
tration.
But, Mr. Speaker, some gentlemen tell us
that they are afraid as to the loyalty of Vir-
ginia ; the people of Virginia, they are doubt-
ful, will manifest symptoms of disloyalty. I
have no such fears as to the people of Vir-
ginia. I have more confidence to-day in the
rebels of the South who went into the war
upon principles, and fought it out upon prin-
ciples, and finally laid down their arms, than
I have in men who are trading on both sides of
this question. I believe that they will do more
toward maintaining the constitutions of their
States, and the requirements of the Constitu-
tion of the United States and of the laws of Con-
gress than will the class of men who are
hunting for office and trading from side to side
in politics.
There is also another reason why I think that
the people of Virginia may be trusted with self-
government and the State admitted to repre-
sentation in Congress. The people of Virginia
never have been at enmity with republican
forms of government. It is true, sir, that they
went into rebellion; but the mass of the people
of that great Commonwealth believed they were
taking up arms to defend the rights guarantied
to them by the Constitution of the United
States. They did not carry on war to estab-
lish a government which should be monarch-
ical in its character. They adopted a constitu-
tion which, verbatim et literatim, was almost
identical with the Constitution of the United
States ; thereby showing that the people of
Virginia, in common with the ipeople of the
whole southern country, were wedded to the
doctrine of republican government, and that in
their hearts they cherished and loved constitu-
tional liberty and were determined to maintain
it for themselves in their separate existence as
a government.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, for these reasons
I think we may very safely admit the people
of Virginia. What more can be asked of them?
We are told by some gentlemen that it is neces-
sary^ for us to keep them out of the Union.
Again and again gentlemen have taken the
floor to inform us that Virginia must be kept
out of the Union; that it is necessary to re-
mand Georgia back again to the territorial con-
dition, and that it will be necessary to remand
Tennessee to the same condition.
Mr. Speaker, such legislation as this will
never bring peace to this country. It will never
restore this Union. It will never give strength
to the party that inaugurates this system of un-
constitutional legislation.
Sir, we have sources of trouble more or less
in the southern States. We have existing
there a bitter feeling which has grown out of
the unconstitutional, the tyrannical, and the
oppressive legislation of the Congress of the
United ^ States. Had those States been re-
ceived into the Union at the close of the war
upon the condition of their abolishing slaverv,
a? >k?d ^ey been permitted to adopt policies
0Lt. r own f°r regulating their own internal
affairs, long ere this time, it is tny thorough
conviction, many of the wounds of the rebel-
lion would have been healed.
But this kind of legislation is calculated to
