5536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope that the amend-
ment will not prevail. This bill was approved
and reported from the Committee on Public
Lands on the distinct ground that it did not
ask for any deficiencies to be made up; and
now the proposition of the Senator from Louis-
iana is to disregard that ground and to make
up deficiencies. This is a railroad running
through the heait of the State of Louisiana.
The persons asking for it knew exactly what
they were to get on the route of it, because all
the lands have long been surveyed in that State,
as I suppose.
Mr. KELLOGG. No, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well; but they did
know what they were to get, and they put their
claim before the committee very strongly on
that ground; but now, in the last three days of
the session, the bill is called up, and it is pro-
posed to disregard that understanding before
the committee and go outside for deficiencies.
I hope that will not be done.
Mr. KELLOGG. I shall not insist on the
amendment; but I desire in a single sentence
to set myself right. I think the honorable
Senator from California misapprehends the
whole question. I supposed this clause was in
the bill. I supposed that the same reservation
contained in all the bills was in this bill; but
if the Senator says, as I understand him to say,
that that was not the understanding before the
committee, 1 shall not insist on the amend-
ment. It is the same clause that has been per-
mitted to be attached to every bill that has
been reported from the committee touching
land grant s, and there is less public land granted
on the line of this road than that of any road
I know of in any State for which a bill lias
been reported by the committee.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand the amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir. I withdraw it
on the statement of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana if any part
of this line of road is now built?
Mr. KELLOGG. A very small portion; I
think twenty-five or thirty miles, built recently.
Mr.HARLAN. Thebilloughttobeamended
then, so as not to make an additional grant
for that part of the road which has been con-
structed.
-Mr. KELLOGG. But they have received
nothing, in 1856 there were three grants mads
to the State of Louisiana, for three roads 
Mr. HARLAN. It has not been a usual
thing to make a land grant to a railroad that
lias been built. I do not know how we could
justify that.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well, sir. I will
accept an amendment; and I hope the Senator
will permit the same amendment to be made
to any bill he proposes.
Mr. IIARLAN. I have never proposed such
a bill as this.
Mr. KELLOGG. There has never been
an acre given to this road in the State of
Louisiana.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose, then, as an
amendment, to come in at the end of the sec-
tion which makes the grant, the first section,
a proviso to iliis effect:
Provided, That no part of said lands shall be
applied to any portion oS any road heretofore con-
structed.
Mr. KELLOGG. This company has not
received an acre of land. It has a few miles
of road constructed, and constructed recently.
I should like to have the sense of the Senate
upon it. I have given way to other amend-
ments.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to dispense with the
pending and all previous orders, and take up
the bill for the benefit of the University of the
State of Kentucky.
Mr. KELLOGG. We can dispose ot* this
bill in a moment. j
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow mo !
to have that bill taken up I will give way to his
bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not give way to dis-
place this.
Mr. DAVIS. If that bill is taken up I will
consent that the Senator's bill shall be con-
tinued as though it had not been taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) The Senator from Ken-
tucky moves to postpone the present and all
prior orders for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill of
the Senator from Kentucky is before the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I now give place to this rail-
road bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid aside informally if there be no objec-
tion. It cannot be done by one member con-
senting. Is there any objection?
Mr. HARLAN. Which bill is being laid
| aside informally?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
called up by the Senator from Kentucky. It
can be laid aside informally if there be no
objection. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none, and the bill (S. No. 804) in aid of
the New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and Vicks-
burg railroad is before tho Senate, the ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Haula^,] to the amendment
of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASSERLY. I solicit the Chair to
state tho question. I do not think Senators
intend to vote grants of land to any portion of
a railroad already built. That is the sense of
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa;
neither more nor less.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho amend-
ment will be read for the information of the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the first section the
following proviso :
Provided, That no part of said lands ahal! be
applied to any portion of any road heretofore con-
structed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. HARLAN. Now, I move another
amendment, that was put on the Iowa bill,
which is to strike out tho phiase " on an aver-
age " wherever it occurs in the bill in the clause
relative to the price of the lands.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator will not
press that amendment. This plan of averaging
has been considered very carefully. I reported
this bill myself, and took great pains to make
it a bill that would be acceptable to the views
of both branches, and especially to the House
committee, adopting the phraseology which
was in the bill of the Senator from Oregon, the
Oregon Central bill, on which we have modeled
most of these bills. It has been agreed to by
both Houses, and the whole machinery is pro-
vided for carrying outthe system of averaging,
giving settlers the absolute right to purchase
all this land.
Mr. HARLAN. When the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Mokuill] moved this
amendment to the Iowa bill, I then gave notice
that 1 would insist on it in the future on every
bill making a grant of lands. With that dis-
tinct understanding the Senate put it on; and I
therefore insist on the amendment here.
Mr. KELLOGG. I voted against it. It has
been voted down on every bill I believe.
ilr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; it lias
been voted up.
Mr. YATES. I aslc the Senator from Iowa
whether such a condition has ever been pro-
posed?
Mr. IIARLAN. Yes, sir. One or two days
since on tho passage of a bill to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad in Dakota, which con-
nects with a railroad in the northern part of
Iowa, this same amendment was proposed
by the honorable Senator from Vermont and
adopted by the Senate, I asserting at the time
that if the Senate should adopt it I would
regard it as a precedent hereafter to be fol-
lowed. I stated that I did not wish my State to
be made an exception, and that I would move
it on every bill for a land grant to aid in the
construction of a railroad that might hereafter
be acted on by the Senate.
Mr. STEWART.- If it is to be a question
of precedent I should be bound to resist it, be-
cause it is certainly a most unjust thing to sell
all the lands at the same price.
Mr. HARLAN. They may sell them for
Mr. STEWART. Less! Then the lands
along the line of a railroad that are made valu-
able must be sold for $2 50 an acre, and the
company cannof get five cents for some of the
Other lands.
Mr. HARLAN. It is the same provision
that the Senator from Oregon proposed to his
bill, and he said he preferred to have it in
because he had some regard for the settlers
in his State.
Mr. STEWART. But how many of the
land grants in Iowa isvthis provision in?
Mr. IIARLAN. In all we have passed at
this session.
Mr. NYE, My recollection is that the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa farthest from me
[Mr. Howell] ingrafted that provision in the
bill himself.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. NYE. I think the honorable Senator
from Iowa who has just taken his seat is
quite mistaken about the origin of the $2 50
clause iu that Iowa bill. My recollection is
that the honorable Senator from Iowa farthest
Irom me [Mr. Howell] introduced that him-
self, and that was in as he presented the bill.
I inquire of him if he was not 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] moves an exec-
utive session.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. STEWART. This bill will be the un-
finished business when the doors are opened.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senatorfrom Nevada
withdraw it just to take a vote on the Ken-
tucky University bill? There will be no argu-
ment at all.
Mr. STEWART. That is not up.
Mr. DAVIS. It is before the Senate, the
other being informally up.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an important ques-
tion. The Senator from Iowa is mistaken. I
submitted this amendment, and did it with full
consciousness that it was an important one
and would establish a precedent. Whether it
was adopted by the Senate with that view or
not I do not know ; but that we ought to fix a
maximum to tho actual settler for the lands
granted to a railroad company is a well-estab-
lished principle of our laud policy that I be-
lieve has not been departed from until within
the last few years. In the railroad grants, when
we are giving to a railroad one half of all the
lands within a given region, we apply to the
other lialfthe $2 50 clause. All the land we own
we hold subject to entry at $2 50 an acrc.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
accepts the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir ; to avoid debate.
