T46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 14,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and the sev-
eral amendments thereunto, shall not be con-
strued so as to impose a tax on any redistrib-
utable sum added to the contingent fund of
any fire, marine, inland, life, health, accident,
or like insurance company, or any unearned
premium or premiums received for risks as-
sumed by such companies, or any moneys paid
by mutual life insurance companies to their
policy-holders.
Approved, July 13, 1870.
No. 110.—A Resolution to pay Expenses of
Delegations of Indians visiting the City of
Washington.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of ihe United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That there be appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of fifty thou-
sand dollars to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to defray the expenses of delegations
of Indians visiting Washington, and to pur-
chase presents for the members thereof in the
year eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approved, July 13, 1870.
No. 111.—Joint Resolution granting the Evans-
villa and Southern Illinois Railroad Com-
pany the right to build a Bridge across the
Big Wabash River.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Evansville and
Southern Illinois Railroad Company, a cor-
poration organized under an act of the Legis-
lature of the State of Illinois, is hereby granted
l he right to construct an iron or wooden bridge
for railroad purposes and as a public highway,
either with a draw or a continuous span, as it
may determine, across the Big Wabash river
at any point said corporation may select, either
at the little chain, in or opposite White county,
Illinois, and Posey county, Indiana, or at any
point above the same, extending up said river
as far as the town of New Harmony, in said
county of Posey, and State of Indiana; and
should said railroad company hereafter at any
time consolidate with the Evansville, Carmi,
and Padueah Railroad Company of Indiana,
or any company now organized or hereafter to
be organized in the said State of Indiana, that
the rights and franchises hereby granted shall
inure to and become vested m said consol-
idated company and its assigns forever: Pro-
vided, That the bridge to bo constructed under
the authority hereby granted shall not inter-
fere with the free navigation of said stream
beyond what, is necessary in order to carry
into full effect the rights and privileges hereby
granted, and shall be built at right angles with
the current of the stream where said bridge
may be erected, and that a space of at least
one hundred and seventy feet over the main
channel of said stream shall be left between
the piers of said structure : And provided fur-
ther, That if said bridge shall bo built with a
draw of not less than one hundred feet in
width, and said draw is kept in repair for the
passage of boats at all times, the detention of
passing said bridge shall not be construed as
interfering with the navigation of the stream:
And it is further provided, That said bridge
snail be and considered a legal structure, and
i-iiail be a post road lor the transmission of the
United States mails: And provided further,
ihat in case said bridge is built with a con-
tinuous span, the piers shall be at least two
hundred feet apart, and the bridge shall be
built at such height as not to interfere with the
navigation of said river by steamboats.
Appro vm>, July 1j, 1870.
No. 112.—Joint Resolution to construe the
Act of March thirty-one, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act of March
thirty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
chapter forty-one, shall be held and construed
not to prohibit the drawback provided for by
section six of the act of July thirteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, chapter one hun-
dred and eighty-four, of as many cents per
pound of cotton cloth, yarn, thread, or knit
articles, manufactured exclusively from cotton
and exported prior to May first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, as shall have been assessed
and paid in the form of an internal tax upon
the raw cotton entering into the manufacture
of said cloth or other article: Provided, That
such drawbacks shall be limited to exporta-
tions made not more than six months after
the date of the supplemental regulations issued
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury May
sixteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 113.—A Resolution granting Condemned
Cannon for the erection of a Soldiers' Mon-
ument at Omaha, Nebraska.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to de-
liver to the Governor of the State of Nebraska
four pieces of condemned iron cannon and
twenty round shot, to be used in the erection
of a soldiers' monument at Omaha, Nebraska.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 114.—A Resolution directing the Secre-
tary of War to place at the disposal of the
President certain Bronze Ordnance to aid
the erection of an Equestrian Statue of Gen-
eral John A. Rawlins.
Whereas it is in contemplation to erect a
suitable bronze equestrian monument to per-
petuate the memory of the distinguished deeds
of valor and patriotism of the late honored
Secretary of War, General John A. Rawlins,
after the likeness of that taken in plaster from
the face of the deceased; and whereas a dona-
tion on the part of the Government of such
bronze ordnance as may have been used or
captured in the engagements in which the
deceased participated, and which may be no
longer useful, would greatly aid the erection
of the same: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, authorized and directed to
place at the disposal ofthe President of the Uni-
ted States such bronze ordnance as may be no
longer useful, to be by him contributed and ap-
plied to the furtherance and completion of the
said monument in bronze; and that such num-
ber thereof as may be required in the execution
of the same be given by him when the plaster
model for the said statue shall have been com-
pleted: Provided, That the said monument,
when completed, shall be erected upon such
public grounds in the city of Washington as
may hereafter be designated by the joint Li-
brary Committee of Congress, and the title to
the same be vested in the United States.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 115.—A Resolution in regard to Grading
the Streets in the vicinity of the Capitol.
Resolved by the Senate and, House of Repre-
sentatives nf the United States of America in
Congress assembled, 'J'hat the mayor of the
city of Washington is hereby required to have
the grades of the streets in the vicinity of the
Capitol so modified and established, with the
approval of the chief engineer of the Army,
or officer in charge of public buildings, and
the architect of the Capitol extension, as may
be necessary to effect an easy and proper ap-
proach to the Capitol, and to furnish a plan
of the same to Congress at its next meeting.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 110.—A Resolution granting Condemned
Ordnance for a Soldiers' Monument at
Providence, Rhode Island, and at Rucks-
port, in the State of Maine.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he hereby is, authorized to deliver to
the Governor of the State of Rhode Island
four condemned iron mortars, to be used in
the erection of a soldiers' monument at Provi-
dence, in said State.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to deliver to the municipal authority
of Bucksport, in the State of Maine, four con-
demned iron cannon and one hundred shot or
shell, to be used in the erection of a soldiers'
monument at that place.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 117.—A Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to take charge of the Gettys-
burg and Antietam National Cemeteries.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and is hereby, directed to accept and take
charge of the soldiers' national cemetery at
Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the Antietam
national cemetery at Sharpsburg, Maryland,
whenever the commissioners and trustees hav-
ing charge of said cemeteries are ready to
transfer their care to the General Government.
That when the afore-mentioned cemeteries are
placed under the control of the Secretary of
War, ihat they be taken care of and maintained
in accordance with the provisions of the act
of Congress entitled "An act to establish and
protect national cemeteries," approyed Feb-
ruary twenty-two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
No. 118.—A Resolution authorizing the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to appoint Guard-
ians or Trustees for Minor Indian Children
who may be entitled to Pensions or Bounties
under the existing Laws.
Whereas sundry Indians served in the Fed-
eral Army, some of whom died in the service
and others since, leaving minor heirs; and
whereas there is no provision of law for said
minor Indians to obtain bounties, back pay,
or other benefits to which their ancestor was
entitled: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs is hereby authorized and
empowered to appoint guardians or trustees
of any of said minors, and to take bo/id and
security for the performance of such duties;
and such guardian or trustee shall be author-
ized to collect from the Government all such
back pay, bounties, and pensions to which
said minors may be entitled, and to expend
the same for the use and benefit of such
minors, with the consent and under the direc-
tion of any court of record of the United States
or of any '1 etritory having jurisdiction at the
