1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21m
amendment was offered to the resolution of the
committee early in the session, when it was
before us, that a large number of maps, a map
of the world and a map of all the States,
should also be printed. We objected to that
on the ground of the large expense, but the
committee recommended the printing of the
connected map of the United States, which
seems to be necessary to illustrate the report,
and which is not very expensive. An objection
was made that this was an old map that had
been printed for a number of years. So it is;
but every year it has been brought down to the
present time. Whether the other maps are
printed or not, it seemed to us that it was
desirable to print this one; but if there is any
objection on the part of the western Senators
certainly I shall not press it.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have this
question lie over for the present.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to have an oppor-
tunity to examine it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; let it be
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
withdraw it and present it to-morrow morning.
disabilities 01? c. i!. sabin'.
The bill (H. R. No. 1775) to relieve C. B.
Sabin, of Harris county, Texas, from legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, was read twice by its title.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to take that
bill up and pass it now. Judge Sabin has
received an appointment, and is waiting now
for the removal of his disabilities in order to
take a seat on the bench.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there more than one
person mentioned in the bill?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. No, sir; only
one. There is no objection to it at home.
Mr. SUMNER. Is he from Texas?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. And the Senator vouches
for him ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I do.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Both of us vouch for
him.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I will state
that the name of this gentleman was in the
general bill that passed the Senate recently
until the very last stage of the bill, and by
some means or other it was dropped off. It
was accidental, I presume.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be regarded as read the
third time, and the question will be upon its
passage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the bill open
to amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. _ The Chair
will not regard it as read a third time, but as
open to amendment.
Several Senators. No, no; do not amend it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps the
Senator from Maine did not hear the Senator
from Texas, who stated that thianame was in
the bill passed some time since, out was acci-
dentally omitted in the engrossing of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is just
such a ease here. If there is any objection I
will not move the amendment; but I did not
understand that there was any objection to the
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will create delay in the
other House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] has precisely
such a case, where an error has been made.
Mr. C0NKLING-. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator that he had better put it in another
bill. If this bill is amended the effect will be
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 170.
to delay it in the House not only, but to throw
it over here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; I
withdraw the motion.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Shall it pass ? which by the Constitution requires
a two-thirds vote.
The question having been put—
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion
of the Chair two thirds of the Senate have
voted in the affirmative. The bill is passed.
touch-light procession .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
been requested—which he does informally—to
announce that he has upon his table a letter
addressed to him officially, stating that there
is to be a torch-light procession of the citizens
of this District this evening in honor of the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment and
favorable to full franchise in this District, and
they invite the members of the Senate to re-
ceive them this evening at half past nine o' clock
on the east front of the Capitol. The Chair
presents this informally.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions adopted at a meeting of the sixth ward
Irish Republicans, of Washington city, held
on the 14th instant, in favor of the passage of
the bill for the construction of a new market-
house in the city; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. THURMAN presented three petitions
of citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying that
aid be granted to Captain C. P. Hall to enable
him to make another voyage to the Arctic re-
gions ; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of Amos
N. Hall and others, Republican officers of the
county of Sampson, North Carolina, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the memorial of Tod R.
Caldwell, of Morgantown, North Carolina, re-
monstrating against the removal of the disabili-
ties imposed on James B. Kincaid, William S.
Sudderth, John R. Sudderth, Bartlett A. Berry,
Alphonso C. Avery, Willoughby F. Avery,
Joseph Br'ittain, E. W. Dorsey, and B. S.
Gaither, of North Carolina; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Barclay Livingston and a large number of
wholesale merchants, importers, and dealers
in wines and distilled spirits, praying a uniform
rate of one tenth of one per cent, on the sale
of all merchandise; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Daniel
Baker and others, of Maryland, praying the
repeal of the act suspending the payment of
the claims of loyal masters for slaves that
enlisted into the service of the United States,
and for the immediate payment of those claims;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial of
citizens of the city of Oswego, in the State of
New York, remonstrating against the revival
of the income tax, and I beg to say that I agree
entirely with the result of the remonstrance and
with the reasons assigned for it. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the pro-
ceedings of the American Geographical and
Statistical Society, touching a proposed ex-
pedition to the Arctic regions. The proceed-
ings set forth the gravity of such an experi-
ment in the estimation of this society. They
call attention to the distinguished eminence
of Dr. Hayes, in reference to whom they ex-
press not "only their opinion but the opinion
of the highest scientific authorities of many ?>f
the most civilized countries of the globe,, and
they pronounce him in their estimation the
most able, eminent, and experienced living
American Arctic explorer; saying that in their
judgment, if such an expedition is .to be un-
dertaken at this time, nothing could be,wiser
than to secure the services of such a man.
The proceedings are terse and brief. I move
that they be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with a
petition very numerously signed by citizens of
this District, in which they represent that the
sale of intoxicating liquors in the District of
Columbia is a source of a great many crimes,
an d urge the passage of a law by Congress which
shall prohibit the sale. This petition is pre-
sented through a division known as the How-
ard Division of the Sons of Temperance. The
signers have not only given their names, but
their residences, so that they can be found. It
is signed by three hundred persons, and they
respectfully ask that a law may be passed to
the effect already stated. I move that the
petition be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the memorial
of Susan H. Kearney, praying for the con-
firmation of her title to certain lands in New
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. SCOTT presented the memorial of
Aaron B. Cooley, asking damages for loss of
machinery, &c., in the James river during the
late rebellion while engaged in removing the
rock bar in the harbor of Richmond; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of Joseph
T. Tucker, of Clark county, Kentucky, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Schoharie county. New York, praying
Congress to entirely abolish the duty upon tea
and coffee, and greatly reduce that upon sugar
and molasses; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of
citizens of Oregon, praying an appropriation
for the improvement of Umpqua river in that
State ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
senator fitosi florida,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
been requested by Mr. Ossian B. Hart, who
claims a seat in the Senate from the State of
Florida, to present a memorial from him which,
as it is very brief, I will ask the Secretary to read
that the Senate may know what it i^.
The memorial was read as follows:
To the honorable the Senate of ilte United States .-
Thememorial of Ossian B. Hart, Senator-elect from
the State of Florida for the term now occupied by
Hon. Abijah Gilbert, respectfully represents;
That the report made by the Committee on the
Judiciary of your honorable body on the 13th instant
on the petition of your memorialist does not, in his
humble opinion, contain such arepresentationofthe
law and the facts of the case as tho application is
justly entitled to.
That the said report m some important respects
fails to state the law and the facts fairly and cor-
rectly. • -
That his said petition shows a case which entitles
him under the law to have his prayer granted. Ihat
said report of said committee falls to disprove it.
Your memorialist believes that he can briefly make
it so appear to your honorable body, if permitted,
and therefore ho respectfully asks to bo heard in
argument before the Senate;; and he refers to a case
in Senate Journal, first session Thirty-Second Con-
gress, page 650, for a precedent.
Respectfully, , OSSIAN B. HART.
Mr. trumbull. I stated to Mr. Hart
that I would present his paper to the Senate,
as I thought it proper to do; but not myself
approving of the precedent set in the Florida
case some years ago of allowing contestants
to come before the Senate for the purpose of
